I've been dating my boyfriend, Curtis, for about two years, during that time his parents have been very kind to me and I to them.

I am getting increasingly agitated with the way they treat my boyfriend.

Curtis has lived with them for the majority of our relationship, mostly to save money as the area where we currently live is doing very badly economically and we are planning on moving in together in a few months.

There are a number of things that they have done only since I've met him that have really rubbed me the wrong way and have left him hurt and screwed over: They have gone on numerous family trips without Curtis, I would say over ten in the past two years at least, these include big holiday like Christmas.

They usually just neglect to tell him they are leaving at all, and if they do it is with such little notice that he could not reasonably come.

In the last year they have given away furniture of his that he was currently using and had paid for.

He tried to object, but they ultimately didn't really care and soon it was gone.

What has really drawn the line in my opinion is when they sold his truck.

Curtis had bought it from his dad years before for about $3000 and they somewhat conveniently never got around to signing a form that said that he bought it from them.

They sold it for a few hundred over what he originally paid his dad.

When Curtis asked them about it and if he was going to get the money from the purchase they essentially told him there was no way he was getting a thing.

He needed that money, even some of it would have been fine, but they are giving him nothing and it's so unfair.

I talked to a family friend, Blake, who is a lawyer and they said that this is definitely illegal and Curtis can sue him.

I'm just not really sure what to do.

It's almost not even about the money, I mean it is, he fucking needed it, but it's just more about how unfair this is.

I love Curtis and I want him to be happy, it seems like he thinks the best approach is to forgive and forget, but I can't do that and I don't want to ruin my relationship with his parents.