My brother had an “online relationship” with someone for a few months.

This girl and her friends have since hacked all of his email and social media accounts-put my brother on blast via social media and threatened my brothers career by finding out all the projects past and current he has been working on as well as his current employer (all details that werent freely given during the duration of the ‘relationship’) as well as sent him pictures of his house with threatening messages implying that they will be causing harm to his person, personal life, and career.

They also made a post asking their followers if they would like his home address so that he could “get knocked the fuck out.”

I have proof that they have been hacking into his accounts as they were bragging about it and I have several screenshots proving this and the threatening messages they have sent out.

Now things have escalated to a terrifying degree.

Brother was woken up to loud banging on back door. He peeked out side window and saw the online girl and her friends (who have also been harassing him) standing outside waiting in the middle of the night!!!

The neighbor called him early in the afternoon to let him know that a few girls went and knocked on his door (neighbors door) and asked when my brother usually comes home.

My brother is also scared. He has put a surveillance camera outside his house and recorded their car (the same one that he saw drive off when they came over the first night) drive slowly by his house 10 times.

They also left another package (about the size of a shoebox) outside his house this morning.

This whole thing has me extremely paranoid and I wouldnt put it passed them to be tracking my online activity as well.

Last night (morning around 4:30am) 4 girls and what looked to be like a male driver (he was still sitting in car) showed up to the his house banging on door incessantly.

Officers arent trained to handle Stalking especially cyber stalking elements correctly-so more often than not it gets swept under the rug until something does happen like murder or serious injury.