My girlfriend (22) and I (22) have been together for 6 months, after having been talking to each other since 8 months before we became romantically involved, my part mostly consisting of trying to be supportive during tough events happening in her life at around that time.

Our relationship so far has been amazing, with the occasional emotional bumps that last from a day to a few days, depending on the severity, obviously.

She tells me enough that I'm a great boyfriend and that she feels like she'd never find anyone as nice as me.

She's a great girlfriend as well, especially with her ability to deal with my horrible anxiety and depression, which is slowly starting to disappear due to my constant emotional experimenting/tweaking, and I'm able to be happier than I've ever been because of it, and she's been by my side while I was struggling to get better and being amazing and not letting my mental problems affect her own emotions/life.

A few days into my most recent visit this week and her being sad from what I thought was ONLY the job being stressful, she mentioned that she had been feeling distanced from me a bit.

She described it to me as feeling like we were "stiff" around each other and like we didn't connect on a friendship level, though she also said that everything else in our relationship is perfect.

I didn't feel that big of a distance before she mentioned it (I only felt a slight distance because she was sad and I felt obligated to be more comforting than being myself, if that makes any sense).

Yesterday morning, the day before I left, we laid in bed and cried for hours talking about it and trying to think of what to do/what went wrong, but the only advice she gave me was to keep being myself.

Later that day, we went grocery shopping and spent time eating dinner and watching a movie with her parents, and it felt to me like everything we were worrying about was alleviated about 60% at least.

Neither of us want to break up because we love each other a lot and have spoken extensively of a future together, but I don't want her to feel like we're not best friends in addition to being romantic partners.

The problem with these suggestions is that none of them have anything to do with me improving myself, and I don't know what to do to help this problem so we can feel confident about our future together again.