We all went to college after high school, though Jason went to a community college to save money.

Ever since then pretty much he's been working at a nearby pizza place.

Meanwhile we all finished college and got jobs in our fields.

He has since expressed frustration because while we all LOVE hanging out still and do every other weekend, we also enjoy our respective independence.

He has been obsessed with making it big as a famous rapper, a dream he half heartedly chased for the last 4 years.

He won't consider going back to community college or perhaps pursuing something more practical while he devotes time to his passion on the side.

He also makes terrible choices with girls, repeatedly getting involved with women who don't want relationships and then getting extremely upset when he asks them to be his girlfriend and they say no.

He is on coke at least once every weekend and likely more.

A couple years ago he drove drunk and crashed his car, destroying his leg.

Recently Jenna and I showed up at the bar on a Friday night to meet Jason and Bob, [and] we watched him go all over the road, clearly not paying attention. Then he side swiped a parked car.

We've told him he has a problem but whenever we do he brushes it off and says no, he isn't drunk all the time.

Every single time we hang out he ends up bringing one of us into a 30+ min conversation about being unhappy with any given aspect of his life.

It is getting exhausting and frustrating because he'll get drunk during the week and text us all in the middle of the night scary stuff like "I don't want to be here."

Last night I think was our breaking point. He texted all of us individually at 2 am and said variants of "i am really not ok" "I don't want to be here in 3 years" and to Bob: "I had a suicidal thought."

We later found out that he sent these messages to two ex girlfriends and two ex flings as well.

I am hoping it might be a wake up call and maybe she can get him the help he needs, though I do think he'll reject it just based on his patterns.

He's getting worse and honestly if all this is just desperation for attention then that's fine, I just want him to get help and be healthy and nothing we've done prior to this has made any difference.