We just celebrated our 5 years of knowing each other in early december we started dating the week we met I had never fallen for a girl so hard we practically were made for each other from musical taste, food, quirky family upbringings, to sex and the way we laid in bed together she fit me.

This time apart was odd we both agreed it was ok to see other people but we also would visit each other and have sex and what not.

So I got back and basically closed up shop and moved to her with all the intentions of starting fresh and making it happen there.

I was down there living with her for three months I filled out 10+ job applications a day all the while trying to find a spot for my business.

I told her I had to leave to get my business back and I wanted her to come with me but at the time she could not.

In December she got word that she could get her old job back and so we started looking for places and after her coming up for a few months we found a place in march and by april she moved up.

I fucked it up and when i took a job back at a place I worked before and that led me to someone from my time apart that I had hooked up with and I ended up getting drunk and making out with her.

We ended up patching it all up and things got alot better for a few months.

I never intended for it to go that far but i was crazy attracted to this girl for some reason and I was pissed that I did not feel like that for my girlfriend.

A couple of weeks go by I have only seen the girl a few times and we kept our distance and nothing happened but I still had these feelings when I saw her I hated the fact that I would think about her instead of my girlfriend I didnt understand why.

I wake up the next day feeling like the worst person on earth.

Today 1-2-12 I wake up and she is getting ready for work and all is good we talk she could tell something was up but left for work but then called me 2 mins after she left and I told her I wanted to break up because I fucked up big time.

I tell her I never meant for this to happen these feelings these mistakes I do truly care about her and always have but I never realized the level of fuck I was.

My now ex had always been a very loving and genuine and after everything was laid out about what I had done and everything she made me pull out our love letters and read them and ones that she never sent me while we where apart because she felt it would have been to hard for me to read them at the time.

After all was said and done I told her I need space and I want to go to a therapist and work on myself and figure out what is wrong with me and why I did these things.

I do truly love her she has been an amazing influence on my life and helping me see things in myself I never had before.