My girlfriend Jen and I have been together for a little over two years and primarily have been doing long distance.

She is the only girl I have ever loved, she is my best friend and we have never had any issues or fights in our relationship.

She has known Dan for a few years, and they first met through an online dating site and have had sex before (multiple times over a single weekend) but never officially dated.

She said they only had sex once and that he currently had a girlfriend.

I appreciated her honesty and was absolutely fine with it as she was not my girlfriend and there was no expectation of exclusivity on either end.

I did find out that his girlfriend was actually initially married when he got into a relationship with her.

He has a history of sleeping with girls in relationships and that my girlfriend has found this amusing at times.

She asked if I would be ok if she spent the long weekend with Dan and Lisa.

I never said she couldn’t go, I don’t really believe in controlling anyone.

She was quite distant with her texting and calls.

She normally likes to FaceTime/Skype every couple of days, but felt no desire to while visiting with Dan.

Photos of her and Dan are posted to Facebook—these photos were a bit “friendly”; their two faces smooshed together, her hand mostly likely on his thigh.

The photos were soon then made private on Facebook so that I could not see them.

Jen seemingly tried to start a fight with me after I made a harmless joke.

I told her that I was having a hard time with her hanging out with a guy she used to hook up with and that I would like to talk.

She decided to continue eating her dinner with Dan and Lisa, go watch a movie with them, go grab a drink and then eventually agreed to quickly squeeze in a chat with me while she waited for the bathroom to be free.

She denied that Dan did not respect relationship barriers UNTIL I pointed out that he became involved with a married woman.

She denied Dan ever made a move on her UNTIL I pointed out that she told me “Dan was trying to get with all of the girls in the club.”

We also talked about relationship boundaries and how she does not like it if I hang out with any female friends who are single, yet she thinks it is ok for her to hang out with guys she has had sex with in the past.

I told her that I wanted to end the relationship with her, but after talking for a while we agreed that since the past two years together were perfect, we should try to work things out.

I am still struggling with all of the red flags in the situation.

I think her actions were utterly disrespectful, I think she lied to me and I think she may have cheated on me.