My girlfriend and I have been together since December 2008.

We have a fantastic relationship.

We have a great time together, great conversation, enjoy each other's company, have enough interests in common to keep things fun, communicate well, see eye-to-eye on "important" things like ethics and morality, etc.

HOWEVER, our physical relationship has tapered off to the point of almost nothingness.

We haven't had sex for like over a month, and before that it was a month prior, before that 3-4 weeks...

The worst part is this doesn't seem to bother her.

During the first 18-24 months of our being together, we would enjoy each other physically a few times a week.

She seems to be absolutely HAPPY with our relationship the way it is.... with no physical affection shown toward one another.

When I try to approach her about this, she gets very defensive and says that she still thinks about it and enjoys it, but she's just too "distracted" and worried about our future.

We only see each other on weekends, and this makes her think that we should spend our limited time together doing things other than getting "physical".

When I try to talk with her about it, the conversation ends one of two ways: either with an argument that sort of just ends with both of us frustrated and just putting it on the back burner, OR with her saying "Yes, you know what I'm sorry. I will try to make an effort to show you more affection" and me saying "Thanks babe, you know I'm sorry I shouldn't make such a big deal out of it."

But nothing changes, 3 to 4 sexless weeks go by and it gets brought up again with one of the above results.

I honestly do not believe that she is cheating on me.

I just feel cheated.

We are in love and I absolutely plan on marrying her once it is financially feasible (she knows this).

She has stopped having sex with me. And I should be clear, no sex means no NOTHING.

She just has slowly stopped showing me any sort of physical affection.

Our sex life was good before.

I am at the breaking point.

It's been about a year that this has been going on.

I have tried countless times to approach the subject in different ways.

I love her far too much, and I'm too nice of a guy to go out and cheat on her.

**EDIT: My girlfriend and I are both 22**