We have a good relationship, worked through some problems but overall everything is good (that's why we moved in together as a next step in our relationship).

He has degrees in science, majority of his friends and work connections are doctors or work in a hospital/health care industry.

Essentially this doctor told my mom that she has either A. do nothing or B. remove her breasts, without any explanation of surgery complications, how to resolve current pains, etc, nothing.

I complained to him that the doctor was "useless" and offered no details so we can make an informed decision.

He started being really dismissive to my concerns and argued with me that "doctors are very smart people and she is probably right."

He then said, "well see another doctor!"

He told me "well, I don't really know any doctors in this field, and it's really awkward to ask people this. What am I going to say? Oh my girlfriend's mother has some specific breast injection complication?"

I told him that he never have to be specific about WHO the medical condition is for to get a recommendation, and even if he is, why is he EMBARRASSED when it's concerning a major health issue?

He insists that I "wouldn't understand it" because there are a lot of medical terms.

I was very insulted and it took some push for him to send me these research papers.

It took some googling of medical terms but overall these research papers are pretty standard.

He basically denied that he was a) embarrassed about my mom's condition or b) think I'm stupid despite his behaviour.

My rage is now just tripled that my boyfriend essentially implied to me before that because "doctors are smart people" and I should not question her diagnosis.

I felt that he basically talked me down and dismissed some of my very basic and logical concerns just because I'm not a "science major or a doctor."

He will SAY that he's there for me, but his actions are NOT DOING MUCH.

I just feel extremely disappointed and disgusted at his reaction at such a crucial time of need for me.