The day I made my profile on OkC I had got messaged from a girl who recognized me from facebook.

We instantly started chatting catching up on what we had done after high school, where we were now.

We chatted back in forth over a couple of days, meeting up one night to walk the dog beach with her and her pint size pooch.

The next day I had messaged her saying that I was getting some mixed signals and that I wanted to straighten everything out before it got any farther.

She said that she didn't think of me s that and valued my friendship.

She had mentioned that her birthday was coming up and I had asked her what her plans were, she she replied that she was going shopping with her mother, but had nothing planned afterwards.

I thought I would get her a couple innocent gifts poster and plushie of one of her favorite characters.

She said in that case she would accept them and no one had ever gotten her something that she was interested in for her birthday in a long time.

"Damnit. I like you but I don't want to rush into a relationship or anything. Like I want to be friends for a bit and see where that goes. And I think you want that too?"

"I value you as a true friend and I haven't connected like this to another person in a long time. I believe to have the possibility of having a relationship, friendship is the first step."

"I mean I don't want to say yes there will be but I don't want to say no there won't be. I really want to see where it goes though."

"I'm not coming over today and I don't think I want to be friends either. Sorry to waste your time."

"If something were to eventually happen and we started dating it wouldn't be because there was something there, it would be because your safe for me and I don't want that."

"Safe for you? Like having legitimate feelings for you, respecting you as a person, and admiring your personality, and not just your body?"

"I said I would respect it and I will."

That was the last contact I had, since then she deleted her blog about her weight loss, defriended me on every social network and killed her OkC profile.