I've had a few non-committed relationships since then.

This is my 2nd serious relationship.

I know, and follow, the advice that "trust in someone unless given a reason not to trust" and so here goes what's going on.

She doesn't have a lot of girl-friends, and her ex (and another guy...getting to that later) were the main source of her complaints / rants / telling of problems to.

When we first started dating, this girl let me know that she made a mistake in her past, where when she let some other guy kiss her (she was in a non-serious relationship) after she got tipsy and went over to his house.

I felt that this was a red flag, and I considered this cheating.

I confessed to her "I love you" and a few weeks later, she said "I love you <insert first ex name>".

It's 11pm, she get's a call from her first ex.

she receives a MMS text from the first ex, of a handmade gift that she made for him in high school.

She wanted to keep in touch with this guy too, because of the past they've shared, and it makes me uncomfortable.

I asked that she stopped keeping in touch with these guys, because she's shown me that for those two specific people - there were reasons for me not to trust her.

She's telling me that this is against her morals, being told by someone else who she can and can't talk to.

I cant help but to think that If i didn't ask (repeatedly, getting more upset each time) that it wasn't okay to contact these two - it was just going to keep going on and on until I finally broke.

She asked me if she could contact him and send condolences. I said no.

"What does it mean to a girl when they promise an ex something, and still try to uphold it when they're in a relationship with someone else?

She promised that "she would always be there if he needed her" somewhere in their relationship either during, or after they became friends again.

she doesn't feel comfortable not ever talking to her first ex again (even little contacts, like when she felt like she needed to extend her condolences) because she made that promise.

I think that's what's eating me up inside. Is it weird that in my thinking, I can't have her heart 100% If she's holding onto a promise like that?"