Lately, things have become a little strained.

I feel unappreciated in the relationship.

I’ve been holding it in, but at this point have realized there’s something significant bothering me and I know I have to address it.

I feel like I went in with a good understanding of the realities of a committed relationship and I am still very appreciative of what we have.

I’ve realized in ways I have sort of “lost” myself in the relationship a bit - have probably been focusing too much on it, and neglected other areas of my life.

I am looking for insight, thoughts, or any other things to consider.

I am looking to make sure I do it right.

I think this also prompted me to take a closer look at my situation in life and become a more responsible person.

I would say what bothers me is that I feel like she rarely shows appreciation in ways that are unprovoked or aren’t in response to something.

I’m starting to feel like a pushover.

I feel like she doesn’t show gratitude or appreciation beyond basic verbal gestures.

I am beginning to understand I’m not really doing her any favors by ultimately pretending to be someone I’m not, and that I must risk what we have if I want it to progress.

I’ve recognized a streak of co-dependent behaviour present in our relationship.

I want to support her and I understand that she struggles with these things.

It makes me feel like I am not very important among her priorities.

I also wonder if maybe in this sense, the ways we show appreciation are simply different.

While these are pressing concerns, I feel like in many other ways our relationship is very good.

I love her very much.

I want to say my gut tells me we have a unique and special relationship.

I’m worried of the possibility that confronting these issues will not lead to a response that satisfies my concerns.

So, I feel like I want some reassurance, in whatever form that may be.

I really can’t tell if we have a few communication issues and I’m just over-reacting or if our relationship is dysfunctional at a fundamental level.