I have been in an LDR for 6 months now.

Because we see each other so infrequently, I'm afraid to breach topics that might start an argument.

I end up convincing myself that my concerns are not worth bringing up.

every now and then, these concerns come up and while I thought I had dealt with them, I'm now beginning to think they're simply piling up and hurting me more and more.

he pretty much ignored me when my female roommate was around.

he came up to me and said in his passive aggressive way, "You know, you really need to be more considerate of your roommate."

he doted on my best friend (whom he had previously liked - back when we were just friends, he asked me for advice to help get together with her).

I pretended not to care, but it got to the point that my friend hosting the party kept shooting me sympathetic looks.

I looked over and saw my bf tickling my friend in the ear.

I caught him rubbing my best friend on the arm, telling her that it was time to go home, while making no attempt himself to get up.

I left the room for a minute, only to return to a scene of a tickle fest between him and my best friend who were laying on the couch side by side.

he gave me a look and said, "I guess we're not going for the dress-to-impress look this year, eh?"

I turned to my bf to tell him how beautiful she looked, but he beat me to it by saying, "Wow, you really should have worn the dress. Oh well, next time, right?"

I only had a view of his backside as he had his body tilted away from me and was facing his brother and his brother's gf.

I tried to ask him about some of the comic book series, but ended up walking away after being ignored.

He came up behind me all smiles saying, "I'm glad you're not into all of this nerd stuff."

I have brought up Exhibit 2 (part of) and 3 to him, in a calm and apologetic manner.

he told me that my jealousy was valid and that if I ever felt that way again, I should just let him know.

about 90% of the time, I'm really happy with him and he can be an extremely sweet, caring, and loving guy.

I think most of our issues lie in the fact that we're both new to relationships.

should I bring these issues up and if so, how?