I ran into Bob a couple times early in the year.

I’m in town only for a few months, so I don’t know a lot of people in the building.

Bob lives in my apartment complex, and I borrowed him my monitor for a couple weeks.

He’s been working on some projects, and thinks he has some potential to make money.

A couple weeks later we bump into each other at a supermarket, and I ask him if he wants to grab a beer later.

He suddenly starts jumping around from topic to topic, talking about how he hates some people we both know.

He also starts talking about finalizing his plans to start showing his work publicly, and how some very important people think that he can make a ton of money.

At the end, he casually mentions that they should be afraid of him.

He is sure he’s going to be a millionaire.

He compares himself to a number of geniuses.

He tells me I can learn a lot from him, because he is an expert at pretty much everything.

He honestly believes he controls the energy around him and can manifest reality.

He needs constant affirmations from me verifying that he is right, or that I’m impressed etc...

The night ends with him collecting things from a dumpster outside behind our complex that he claims to be able to fix.

He starts knocking, convinces me once to watch him “create” something.

He is constantly giving me random tips on how I should do pretty much everything, making sure I’m impressed.

He won’t stop knocking, and he wants me around all the time, wants to meet my girlfriend when she comes to visit, tells me he’s going to make me rich and I should quit my job.

I have 3 months left.

I’d prefer to be direct, and promise I am not a socially awkward penguin, but he is going to explode, and I will go from best friend to public enemy #1.

I want to fall off the radar.

I want to be boring, disappointing, and not worthy of his company.

tl;dr  I need to make my delusional narcissist attention seeking neighbor decide that I’m not worth trying to hang out with all the damn time.