I've texted my boyfriend asking him to come clean about how he feels for her.

I expressed that it's ok to tell me if he has a crush - I'm not going to break up with him just over it and I'm not going to be mad.

I just want him to be open with me and need to know so I know where to go from here.

My boyfriend (21) and I (20) have been dating for two and a half years, living together for just over one.

There's just one issue - he has what I call a "secret friend."

He says "a friend."

They play for five hours until he has to go to bed.

But it's weird that he's suddenly spending *so much time* with one person.

He's shielding his screen.

He straight up goes into the other room in our one-bedroom apartment to text.

Chat windows are immediately minimized when I glance over.

What I do catch from the occasional glance is both incriminating and innocent: certainly I haven't seen anything explicitly bad, but he's also being *very* friendly with her.

I'm becoming more and more of a basket case over this: my paranoia is in overdrive.

He replies that she's just a friend he played an mmo with and they're just "talking about video games and stuff."

About a week ago, it started up again.

Finally, last night, he takes my laptop to the couch (where I can't see the screen) and, from notifications I got on my computer, skypes with her for two hours.

I confront him about his behavior - he says *I'm* the one acting weird.

He says that she's a close friend and he talks to her about things he doesn't want to talk about with me.

I express empathy, and explain that I don't really care what they talk about (barring cheating, of course), but that my main problem is the secretiveness.

I can't stand the sneaking around, the vague descriptions, the flat out hiding things from me.

He says that the reason he hides her from me is because I don't trust him.

*I don't care that he talks to her.*

The secretiveness is not ok with me.

I trust him not to cheat on me, but I don't trust him to be honest with me.

I want to trust him.

I'm just not comfortable with him having a close female "special friend" that is the exception to the rule.

Last night, we agreed (I think) that he'll stop hiding and sneaking about if I stop trying to read what he says.

**TL;DR: Boyfriend has an online-only female friend that he actively hides from me.**