EXBF[M34] has a lot of anger issues, and a lot of insecurities issues.

I[F26] was walking on eggshells.

He was not abusive, but he’d yell and tear me down, especially via text, and never took responsibility for anything he did.

I did NOT cheat on him.

He got mad that I wanted to facetime with my male cousin.

He invited me to his brother’s bday dinner, where another EXBF (also his friend) and his pregnant GF would be.

He then starts texting me saying he took a nap (He was ignoring me, he texts me constantly telling me what he’s doing or asking what I’m doing) I was on my way to pick up my GF for dinner…and I DO NOT know why, but when he asked what I was doing, I said nothing.

He broke up with me, I apologized for what I did, I knew it was wrong.

He made it about him. That my birthday was important to him, and I excluded him.

He also made a comment about the amount of texts I was getting on my birthday “there better not be any guys texting you”

He went to the bar with HIS friends, and did not invite me.

He said it was because he wanted a few hours with just his friends and didn’t want to “worry about other guys hitting on his girlfriend”

He absolutely lost it and said I ruined his birthday weekend.

He is yet to apologize for how this made me feel, especially after what he pulled for my birthday.

EXBF completely lost it, called me a liar and a cheater and I’ve been talking to him the whole time carrying on an emotional affair, which I was not.

He KNEW we were talking occasionally.

I feel guilty about this.

I met a guy at a concert, and went on one date.

“friend” route turned into dinner and drinking at EXBFs place and we slept together.

We fought the next day as usual because I was getting a cold, and EXBF was only concerned that he might catch my cold, not if I was okay or if I needed anything.

He’s called me a bitch, told me he hates me; I’m the worst of the worst, a snake, and a smut.

I just feel horrible he thinks I cheated on him, and I didn’t.

I do not want to get back together with him, at all.