We grew up in a pretty wealthy neighborhood and my dad made six figures.

My brother and I almost never got along.

Fall 2006, my sister called me to tell me that my brother had had an emotional breakdown at dinner with the family.

Shortly after that incident, my parents took him to a psychiatrist who diagnosed him as being bipolar.

My brother after that incident attacked my dad on two different occasions, one of which landed my dad in the hospital.

My dad wound up calling my brother a "piece of shit" and my brother reacted by attacking my dad.

My dad was outraged at him kicking me and reacted; he pushed my brother to the ground and began punching him in the face.

The police wound up coming and threatened to throw both my dad and my brother in jail.

He has also been to the hospital for almost ODing on cocaine.

He has used meth and salvia divinorum.

There were several occasions in which my brother stole from my parents.

He has sold several of the gifts my parents have bought him, including laptops, cellphones, gaming consoles, you name it, if it got him enough money for drugs, he sold it.

He has been in and out of rehab many times.

This past weekend, my brother took 47 out of 60 Valium pills from my dad.

My mom spent Mother's Day at the hospital because my shithead brother stole and almost OD'd on Valium.

I feel like my brother always comes first.

My family was supposed to come to me and my boyfriend's Thanksgiving in 2011 and didn't because my brother said if he couldn't stay at my house, he wouldn't come.

Instead of leaving him at home, they let him hold them hostage.

I have pretty much given up on my brother getting better, but I really want my parents' lives to improve.

Selfishly, sometimes when I see my mom's name on caller ID, I'm hoping she's about to tell me he's dead because I just want this shit to end.

an old friend of his and I were talking on Facebook and he told me that he and my brother drank some of my parents' liquor and got drunk for the first time when they were eight.

This past weekend, he stole 47 of 60 Valium pills from my dad.

All of this has a negative effect on my relationship with my parents because I feel like my brother always comes first.

I don’t know what I can do, if I can do anything at all.