We have had little problems here and there with our communication and such but we have continued to work on it.

Her parents (40s M/F) are sort of split, sort of together.

F's father has a drinking problem and her mother has depression (post having kids, not thinking its a problem) and OCD.

They refuse to go to counseling with one another to try and sort the problem out.

One night her family and i were traveling to her family's birthday event. F's father was piss drunk unconscious in the passenger seat and f's mother starts discussing if he wanted to choose between his female friend who he is allegedly seeing (affair?) or his kids, for about 10 minutes.

I said To F's mum "can we talk about this another time?", to be answered with "no we cant sorry."

Things between me and F's mother worsened as she thought i was rude to her for not talking to her and expected a apology.

This created tension between me and F.

We began to fight more and more until it was about every second or third day over little things and her pressuring me to come and see her and her family, even though i wasnt ready to visit her family and wanted her to come to my house.

I told F that i wasnt happy in the relationship, and wanted to end it.

I was happy that i was able to move on, i guess her actions made it easier for me.

We meet up and she admits to her actions being over the top and apologies, she also admits that us messaging every night is over the top and wanted us to just talking for a bit a night every other day.

I was shocked by this and accepted these compromises and we started dating again.

However i felt like i betrayed myself, as i was prepared to break up with her and to try and be friends, and i become quite angry and mad at myself for this.

I decided to end the relationship again as i felt like my heart wasnt in it, i felt like it wasnt fair to continue if i wasnt going to put in the effort.

Im now super confused with my life, after this i went to work and couldnt stop thinking about her and how upset she is, and how miserable i feel for breaking up with her twice.

I need some advice if i should just continue with breaking up with her and forget about her, or try to work through this again.