I have never been in a healthy relationship before.

Ben was the first healthy relationship I've had, and honestly sometimes I'm not sure how I'm supposed to act at times.

Ben and I have been with each other for over a year now.
We have had the same issues since the start of the relationship; lack of communication.

When we first started to date, I told Ben that above all else, I value communication in a relationship.
I have since become a lot more reasonable.
I appreciate fast responses to my texts that are time sensitive, and the other ones I expect responses within a few hours.
A lot of the time, these lowered expectations aren't met and that frustrates me because I have already compromised a lot on a value that is the most important to me.

I barely feel like I have a boyfriend when I rarely see and talk to him.

I often worry that we won't make it past those six months because of these communication issues.

I feel like we have no balance, and it doesn't seem to be an issue for him.
It does make me feel a bit petty at times, and I admit that I have reacted childish and immaturely in the past.

I texted him today before I left for work, around 7am, and he responded for a short time.
Around 11pm, I sent him a text that said "I'm frustrated because I haven't heard from you much today."
An hour later I received a response from that said "you sound crazy."
I responded and said that I would discuss it later with him (I wanted to avoid an argument) and he said "you act like a fuckin' child, my phone died. Get over it."

I was livid that he would speak to me like that because I had not been disrespectful at all.

I explained in this text that I was frustrated because of how consistent this issue was, not because his phone died this one time.
I said that I was insulted by the way he spoke to me and that I didn't appreciate that kind of disrespectful talk.

He continued to call me childish and said that my tantrum and the fact that I continued to try and explain myself only pissed him off more.

I'm hurt because his reaction was uncalled for, in my opinion.

I'm tired of having to ask for it.