I have a nagging worry that comes and goes that I'm not really getting what I want out of my time at college, or this stage of my youth in general.

I'm starting to get worried about how long this will last.

it seriously worries me that I'm going to just keep up the relationship in our steady way until we're out of college and it's time to move in and view our relationship as a semi-permanent thing.

I've always thought I would be more of a bachelor-type, at the very least for all of my 20's - I do not want children and I'm not really interested in marriage, either.

I want to be able to call up that one girl I used to think was really cute and see what happens.

I certainly don't feel excited or young in my current relationship; I feel like one half of a boring married couple.

My girlfriend and I rarely go out drinking with our friends and roommates, both because she's often tired from working and because she doesn't like to drink much because of an eating disorder.

I often want to go out and feel badly that I don't, but I end up just staying in and watching Netflix with my girlfriend because she doesn't want to go out, I don't want to go out without her, and the only friends I have to go out with usually go to clique-y parties that don't interest me.

Her mood can turn on a dime and she's often sullen, tired, and non-communicative.

she's admitted that her only motivation for recovery is to not be a burden on me; she doesn't want the recovery for her own sake.

The recovery process is also hugely stressful for me, as I have to constantly make sure that she's following her meal plan and not relapsing to old habits without being overbearing.

it makes me realize just how much importance I have to her, which makes me uneasy.

She always wants to snuggle and be held and it's extremely clear that she's madly in love with me.

I worry that I'm missing out on dating around, meeting new people, and generally having a more exciting social and romantic life.

If I stay with her throughout the next year, though, will I be missing out on my last chance at a real college social experience, to say nothing of the pressures of whether or not to move in together after graduating?