My BF is the quiet, serious type... he cares a lot for his family but they live in Texas (we’re in WA), and has few friends he keeps in contact with.

I am his social life in the town we live in.

It took a long time to learn about his ex, and the presence she still holds in his life.

They had shared intimate details about their romantic lives... he expressed to her his desire to be with other girls that apparently hadn’t diminished, a desire that she apparently shares in regards to men, and he shared some explicit details of our sex life with her.

They ended the majority of their emails with "i looove yooou"s (he says this to me, but not often).

-I felt left out- sh knows a LOT about me and our relationship, yet I know next to nothing about her or theirs.
-The fact that he shared so much about our sex life with his ex girlfriend straight up made me feel uncomfortable and betrayed.
-I was concerned that he still had feelings for her, which he might be fostering through frequent contact.

He was devastated when she didn’t return to WA, but he assured me that he had closure on the relationship.

He reiterated that they are 'just friends'.

She is currently in a relationship as well.

I asked directly if he still had feelings for her, and all he really said was that they would always have 'a dynamic'.

A few days ago I mentioned that my best friend wants me to go to Coachella music festival. He casually mentioned that he was planning on going to some "crazy, drugged out" festival in the NW mountains this summer called "esthetic evolution". I asked how he learned about it and he said that his ex had invited him.

The fact that he brought up the festival so casually, as if he had no expectation of discussion about it, when he knows that this girl is kind of a sore spot for me, bothers me.

I know what the atmosphere of these "consciously" themed music festivals is like (I've been to a few), and the presence of drugs tends to stretch normal boundaries.

I have been suspicious that he still has feelings for her since I learned about her, and it seems they certainly have a connection that him and I do not.

I just can't help but feel threatened by this girl.

He is very sincere, deep feeling and well-intentioned.

I want him to have other friends and sources of support in his life, and I know one person can't provide everything another needs, I just wish he'd move on from his past and make some friends that he has no damn romantic history with.

I know that folks are more complicated than their love for one other person, but I can't help but feel that their friendship is somewhat innappropriate in the context of our relationship.