We love each other very much and everything has been great in our lives except when the issue of kids has always been brought up.

She made it clear that she wanted our child despite the horrible situation we were in at the time: no time, barely enough money, and not being emotionally or mentally prepared.

We had a beautiful daughter who I ADORE now.

About 2 weeks ago, my wife tells me that she's pregnant again.

This time around, I am ecstatic.

I told her that I was excited to have another sibling for our daughter and that I would be thrilled if we had a son.

But the next week, my wife comes home and drops a bomb on me.

She tells me she has changed her mind and has decided that she doesn't want to have this child.

She said no, it was a decision she made on her own and decided that now wasn't the best time to have a child because she didn't feel like it.

I almost begged her to reconsider and told her I would do anything and everything to help her and make her feel comfortable during the pregnancy and she just said that she loved me very much but her mind was made up.

I was crushed and couldn't help but resent her at that point even though I love her to death.

My biggest fear is that my hurt and frustration will somehow impact our marriage and I don't know what to do.

I told my wife last night that we needed to talk early this morning before heading off to work.

I started off by telling her that I was upset about what she planned to do and how she went about making that decision but that is something that I can stomach and heal from if given the right time and place to understand her position.

But what I couldn't stomach was her just going through with the abortion without explaining to me why, with explicit reasons, she wanted to have the abortion when just a while ago, she was happy to be pregnant.

She just essentially told me to deal with her decision and know that she loved me very much and that she wasn't trying to hurt me.

I told her that because she chooses not to explain her side, it is only fair that I hold on to the only plausible explanation for me and that is that she cheated on me and got pregnant with the other man.

As a final proposal, I told her to at least delay the abortion a week so that we can at least see the counselor right before she goes through with it and she refused to do so.

I was upset and hurt that she would shut me out like that so I just told her that I was going to stay at a hotel tonight and probably the rest of the week and return after her abortion.

It's safe to say that I will be asking her to join in some marriage counseling after the abortion to resolve some of the issues we are having.