Long time close friend is headed down a road of addiction.

He's become increasingly hostile I don't want to deal with it, but I want to help because I know he's better than that.

His past behavior makes me think his mentions of suicide are just a want for attention, but I can't help but feel that blowing him off could push him over the edge.

He doesn't live with a parent and has no family nearby.

Kevin started veering down a path the rest of us weren't crazy about.

he would start complaining about how his classes weren't going the way he wanted and about how people didn't believe in him and about his regrets that nothing ever happened between him and Barbara.

Kevin shows up drunk and starts slinging insults.

This is important because it's the first time we'd ever actually cut him off from us in any way.

as time goes on, Tim, Matt, and myself watch Kevin slowly sink.

He is open about his marijuana and alcohol usage, and even goes as far as to say he's been trying cocaine and abusing cough medicine.

we know that Kevin lies to us about things.

At some point, Tim decides enough is enough and cuts off contact with him.

Eventually though it gets to be too much for me as well and I leave our group chat too.

Kevin's still complaining about the same Barbara Issues and partying and suffering grades but actually seems like he wants to make a change.

he divulges to us that at some point he had planned his suicide.

Matt and I give him advice, starting with moving back into his dad's place and getting sober.

Matt and I aren't convinced that he's telling the truth about the suicide thing.

As it stands today, I cut off communication with him again.

Kevin has all but admitted that he's not even attempting to stop smoking or drinking, says he still just occasionally thinks about suicide, and gets incredibly mad at us whenever we tell him he needs to straighten up.

he's framing addiction as a door for him to just go further down the rabbit hole until it actually becomes a problem.

I want to help him or at least get him to help himself so I can get back the friend I used to have.