I've been with my girlfriend for one year and am strongly considering breaking it off because I believe it's become very codependent.

There isn't any animosity, and we have fun and like being around each other, which is what makes this decision so hard.

I met my girlfriend one year ago, on this day actually.
She was very busy with school and friends and we hung out once or twice a week, which was great for me.

She stopped doing her hobbies, such as painting and crafting, and spent more time trying to be with me.

She would call me almost twice a day, once after work and another later that night or before bed.
She would constantly exclaim how much she missed me, even if I saw her earlier that day.

She said she needed to know because she cared about me and that other people were asking her what I was doing.

She called me later that night crying because she saw a video where I danced with another female friend whom I have no attraction to.

She also would try to get me to come over to her place by hinting at sex or saying she was too afraid to sleep alone.

I felt like I was never given a chance to actually miss her.

She had a panic attack and said she would do anything for me, would never break up with me unless I started hitting her, and that she needed me and just wanted to die without me.

She seemed to care about my happiness more than her own needs.

She has told no one about these relationships except for me and refuses to talk about it or get help out of shame.

She has the possibility to get into a local med school, the same as her graduate program, however they unfairly fired her from a TA position and she resented them for it.

I told her it wasn't working out on Friday, which triggered another panic attack.

She said we only had one bad week, that I owe her another chance, that I was being influenced by my friends, by work stress, and by a cold to make irrational conclusions about our relationship.

We gave ourselves a week break because she refused to accept a breakup.