We talked a few times over the years I had a bunch of classes with her but it was always to the extent of:

"Hey kid, do you if we have homework?"

"No Melissa, we didn't have any homework."

Fast forward to now, we both sophomores and ended up at the same university, we both live on campus.

Melissa out of the blue comes up to me after the final game while the team is packing up our things to head back to the bus and goes "Adam, you played a really nice game, I'll catch you around okay?" then basically leaves before I can even thank her properly.

Later that night I'm at my dorm and I hear a knock on the door... when I turn around I'm shocked to see that it's not my sister but Melissa.

I'm confused I don't even have her number or anything but I do have two classes with her.

Ever since that night she's been coming over 2 or 3 times a week and it's always the same deal, she comes in we have sex and she leaves shortly after.

I'm not a virgin per say but I've only ever been with one other person and I'm definitely not very good at saying no.

The sex is nice I won't deny that and I'm sure most people (guys especially) would say enjoy it while it lasts and stop being so sensitive but it just doesn't really sit right with me, I always have a guilty feeling afterward.

I have no idea what this girl is thinking and while she’s attractive and maybe if I got to know her we could properly talk/date I just feel wrong doing what we're doing without properly getting to know each other.

**UPDATE & EDIT:** Friday Melissa came over a little strange because she never comes on Friday or weekends.

She admits that she has found me attractive for quite some time but didn't think we were compatible and thought she would walk all over me since I lacked confidence (probably true).

She sees me play at the tournament and see another more confident and aggressive side of me that she hasn't seen before.

I convince her to stay the night with me because she is an emotional wreck and I care about her.

She's end up giving me her number finally and tells me to please don't let her walk all over me.