My fiancé [23M] and I [23F] have been together for four years, and we've been engaged for a little over two months.

I've always grown up being extremely aware of my size.

It's brought me to the verge of tears so many times, and I have awfully low self-esteem because of all this.

After three months, I had lost 15 pounds and toned up quite a bit. I felt amazing about myself, and for the first time ever, my self-esteem was so high that it felt like I was floating on clouds.

He could never tell me why, other than, "I can't explain it, but I just don't like you doing it."

He kept saying that I needed to ignore what my mom and relatives were saying because I was beautiful the way that I was.

But when I explained to him that I was so happy with my new body, he'd say, "But you're too skinny now. You looked way better with some meat on you."

I stopped working out. Not because I didn't want to, but because I was so tired of fighting with him over something so silly.

He would just respond, “If you loved me, then you’d stop. But if not, then fine. We’re done.”

Now it’s May of 2013. And we’ve had a great year.

Last night when we were video-chatting, I mentioned that I’ve been so happy with everything lately, except for my self-esteem. I told him I really missed working out, and he immediately went cold and turned into the stranger I don’t know. He said, “I’m sorry for making you so completely miserable. You should start looking into getting your own apartment.” And he hung up on me.

He’s not in great shape, either. Recently, he began exercising everyday and has a goal to lose 40 pounds. He says he’s not doing it for him, but he’s doing it for me.

He also has low self-esteem. I’m the first girl who ever showed interest in him, and he thinks it’s because he’s ugly and weird.

I haven’t always been a perfect girlfriend. It’s been one of the biggest regrets of my life.

**TL;DR: I’m an average-sized Asian girl whose mother and relatives made extremely conscious about her body growing up. Started working out in 2011, lost weight, felt amazing. Boyfriend (now fiancé) says he doesn’t know why he's so against it, but he doesn't want me working out at all.**