He bought mid-level RC vehicle several years ago but outgrew it quickly.

He hid this expense from me.

He did not know how to make his RC chase vehicle operational without Mark's help.

After being forced by me to turn down several jobs over a few weeks (because we didn't have the equipment to do them, duh), my husband took a call about a seriously cool job.

He really wanted to do the job.
He lied to the client and told the client we had equipment that we do not have.
The client made very expensive plans based on the lie.

Brian knew the client was making these plans, and still would not cancel the job.

When it became clear that Brian would not cancel the job, and Mark would not bail us out, I bought a RC chase vehicle to do the job (on Thursday late afternoon with the job scheduled for Monday).

Brian stopped working on the RC chase vehicle on Sunday morning, without getting it operational.

Mark got the new RC chase vehicle operational by early Monday morning.

We have not received any more work from the client, or any referrals.

I put the charge for the RC chase vehicle on my credit card.
The $1800, however, did not go on my card.

16 months later, the debt is not paid off.

Brian does not think the debt is his problem, as I made the decision alone to buy the RC chase vehicle.

He says that although he verbally made the commitment to the client, and exchanged email with the client agreeing to dates, times and services to be rendered, that there was no formal contract and that means we had no liability or obligation to complete the job.

He accuses me of using him, of only wanting his money (!!), of being a money-grubber and other similar insults.

I have paid about 42% of the original debt from my personal income, plus about $2000 in interest (about $8300 so far).

He does not want to do the small jobs I bring in.

He won't let me sell it.

After 15 months of fighting about it, Brian agreed to help pay the remainder of the debt from his personal income, outside of the income we earn when we use it for a job.