M and I had gotten into several fights over J, mostly because she was pissed I wasn't making enough time for her.

She finally seems to get over it and finally apologizes for being so immature, and we seem to fix it.

Everything is fine and normal, my only probably really being the fact that she never seemed to contact me first ever, I would usually have to text her first for a conversation.

Well about a week and a half ago, J and I broke up as I am moving across the country for college.

She invites me to come to spend the night with her at her college the next day (like any best friends would do), I go the next day and I spend the day with her and her roommate, S.

When we leave SF, they're still fighting so I finally step in for a bit and basically tell both of them that I'm really grateful they brought us up to SF, but that they really should just relax and stop fighting the whole time because the whole day was supposed to be about everyone enjoying the day and just hanging out.

She tells me that they have fought about this so many times, and I try telling her that that part of him being so dependent will not change anytime soon.

She basically goes off on me telling me about how S told her that the whole time they were gone that I was bitching about how they were ruining *my* day, how long they were taking, how much of a bitch she is to him, and all this other crap that I never said.

Then to make things worse, she turns it on me again by bringing up J and how bad of a friend I was when I was with him, when I thought we settled that before.

Later she tells me that she heard two different stories, one from me and one from S, so now she doesn't want to talk to either of us.

I text her again trying to explain myself in a calmer manner and laying out everything for her, that it really was a misunderstanding but she doesn't have it.

She goes back again to talking about J and how bad of a friend I was, even going so far to mock me for crying on the phone to her the night J and I broke up.

I told her that I didn't want to talk about it anymore as it would just be more insults between us and that wasn't worth our friendship.

**tl;dr** best friend who lives an hour away (I have no car and she's in college, while I am a senior in high school) still pissed over the fact that when I had a boyfriend that i was too busy with school, other friends, and him, despite the fact that we've "settled it" several months back.