He was chatty, friendly, outgoing, very comfortable to be with.

He told me after about 4/5th time we saw each other.

He said he 'was married before.'

And later realized he was 'in the midst of a divorce', not 'divorced already.'

he said he sees potential in our relationship but it's complicated and he just got out of the marriage and it's too soon to be giving status to each other.

We agreed to keep it status quo first and see how it develops.

I felt like a whore/slut, this relationship is a friends with benefits kind of situationship.

he said he doesn't see me as a friend only, we are more than that.

To me, love is simple – if we both have mutual feelings for each other, why am I not given a status?

lots of his friends / roommates have seen me before, he invites me to his gathering with his friends too.
He texts me on an ‘almost daily’ basis to check on me, no ghosting or whatever.

there is no accountability at all.

I just hate it because there is no accountability at all.

he’s ‘not a phone person’, which I personally think is bulls***.

Once I found the Tinder app still on his phone, and asked him about it.

I saw his profile on Tinder again.

he said he wasn’t using it, and when I confronted him with the screenshot of his profile picture (which was a recent photo of himself, suggesting his recent activity on the app), he said he was only there to swipe a 10min for fun.

if we are exclusive, and committed, why are we not given a status to each other?

I just don’t want to feel like I’m some secret.

He spent Valentine’s Day with his gym friends and said we would celebrate together a few days later, which never happened.
He forgot about my birthday and only found out on Facebook, then celebrated it with him and treated me to a $5 meal.

I spend $100+ on his birthday, buying him his favorite video game, cabbing to his place to give him a surprise with a big cake, together with a card I spent lots of effort doing myself.

I feel I’m putting in so much more effort into the relationship than him.

he’s interested in me and he wants to continue seeing me, and he sees potential in us, it’s just that we fight so frequently in the past which made him fear giving me a status.

his divorce just went through recently, so all these are points that he said he’s considering and also what’s holding him back in putting labels on us.

I’m already doing everything a girlfriend would do for a boyfriend, obviously there’s no incentive for him to develop the relationship further right?

I don’t mind putting in all these effort as long as the feeling is mutual.