I've known this guy for close to 8-9 years, throughout middle and HS.

From january of last year, I am out of chemo and getting better (still getting better, finally feel like me), and striving to continue to run, climb, cycle, be me again, but gf loses interest in activities she enjoys, ONLY hangs out with my friends (never going to let this happen again), and generally is very submissive and "content" (lack of better word).

So, throughout, I have this close friend who has only ever said how mean I am to my GF (in front of the both of us) and later in a group with him me and our GF's confesses how he used to like my GF and blah blah blah, but it's all very friendly.

He is flirty and treats my GF as his own essentially.

Well, GF and I hang out several times only with close friend (again, LDR on his end), and he is more friend to her than I, and acting the same flirty way, and when I am out of the area, they talk about his LDR and my own relationship.

Next day, GF is upset going 8 am same class, I ask her what's up, and finally say, "Are you breaking up with me?" She cries and we talk about it, I apologize for everything possible, am wanting to work through it and just be happy.

Well we go through the weekend (dinner and expensive dress later...), break-up monday because of the same reason from that friday, she "realized she didn't love me anymore."

Close friend is always hanging out with her now, and not one week later "breaks-up" with his LDR, but they quickly (that day) resolve.

During this time i'm a total mess, alone and having panic attacks and texting her (stupid, yes), unable to attend parties (she's always there, I feel bad making situation awkward).

So then come thanksgiving, she has sex with a different closer friend's roommate after smoking his weed against his express permission, effectively ruining time i could hang with him, and around this time has sex with the original close friend.

I find out and I feel suicidal, deepest of depression.

Ex-gf calls him, not 4 feet from me, drunk, and loudly talks to him about how she hasn't told anyone about the two of them having sex, blah blah blah.

I handle it like a god.

I tell whole party what she and mutual close friend have done, and that I am tired of their shit.

So, since thanksgiving, I give zero fucks for my ex.

But the close friend is where I'm stuck.

He effectively: Rained on my relationship with my (ex)-gf, was flirty with her whole time, especially so near the end and the 3-days after while we were trying to fix things, advised her to dump me, also tried to console me and her, but especially her.

Around now, he fucks ex.

He is in agreeance with me.

And I believe we're good.

Then I find out about this and he only has to say (in confirming their bullshit) "Yes we did. I'm sorry. I can't call (now). I'll tell you face to face. Anything you want to know. Its over. You never have to see my stupid face again."

I'm waiting on him to see if he will agree to talk to me face to face.