My father has repeatedly accused my mother of cheating on him and wanting to leave him for another guy, based on things as minor as my mother hugging a male friend.

He's also made threats to get a divorce over such accusations and when my mother does something he didn't want her to, like go in to work when she had a day off or something.

My father also has notorious anger issues (that is, my family does things to try and prevent him getting angry with us).

This has lead to actions including breaking dishes, pushing me away from him, threatening violence ("You wanna cry? I'll give you something to cry about"), threatening to leave my mother, and abusing our cat (slapping him).

He has been physically abusive before, having slapped my mother a few times and pushing my sisters [13F and 23F] and I around.

I heard him say, "The only reason I'm here is........You could've said to your friends "Hey it's late, I'm gonna head home.' But you didn't....".

She said he was only staying here because he had nowhere left to go.

I've been pleading with my mother for years to do something about him, to confront his constant temper tantrums and blaming and threats, but she brushes me off.

She says that she knows, but she loves him and he'll get over it.

I told her that this was exactly what someone who's being abused would say, but she always just tells me to not worry.

He turned to me and said it was especially my fault that he gets angry, and said he was "done" with me.

He immediately went up to me and said "What did you just say to me? What did you just say? Go up to your room, no one even wants you here."

He then raised his voice and said, "You better get your ass up to your room or I will throw your ass out, I swear to God!"

I don't plan to go up to my father directly and tell him off or anything, since it would pretty much lead to him getting angry again.

She's said in the past that she's not going to throw away 20+ years of marriage and that they've made it through worse.