I'm just so frustrated with this whole situation. Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one who wants to try and fix things rather than just yell at everyone else and hope it gets better.

My parents have always been go-getters. Mom has a really short temper, and that's reflected in her idea of discipline: yelling. She yells at us for everything. Dad doesn’t yell quite as much, but he still keeps on a short leash.

Ted is... troubled. He has absolutely no idea that other people have emotions. He is moody, self-absorbed, arrogant, lazy, contrarian, stubborn, and utterly difficult. Mom’s finally met her match on this one. He fights her, tooth and nail, and nothing seems to ever get done.

Mark and I have always been really close. We were born two years apart, but we’re basically twins. Part of the problem is that we’re so close, we don’t always give Ted room. Ted’s older now, so we can include him in activities and conversations that normally he’d be too immature to join in. But Ted’s still a petulant jerk, and a sore loser/winner to boot.

I’m a pretty complex person; by that I mean I have a superiority complex, an inferiority complex, a Messiah complex, a martyr complex... Basically, all those years of being the best academically has created this idea that I have to be perfect, or I don’t deserve to live. I’m also the one who’s always trying to step in and fix things. This family is the only place where I feel like no one ever listens to me.

I have one year left until I finish college. It’s to the point where I just want to come home for the last time, point to each member of my family in turn, and go, "Screw you, screw you, you were alright but seriously screw you too, and screw you."

Even now, I want so badly for things to get better. I don’t want to hate Ted for the rest of my life. I don’t want to never see my family again.

I’ve considered the idea of therapy, but here’s the rub: my parents have the insurance, and I’d rather stab myself in the chest than doing anything approaching challenging their authority. I have almost 21 years of psychological barriers keeping me from contradicting them. So how do I go straight up to their face and say, "You are wrong. This family is *not* working, and you are partially to blame for that?"