In every other aspect than what's mentioned in the title, everything has been going great: we have crazy good chemistry, we're an incredible match sexually, we're both going into very similar careers so we've been supportive of each other in this, we have nearly identical big life goals, etc.

Biggest problem is her ex. My gf was in a relationship of 3 years with another woman up until about 4 or 5 mos ago, and this other girl is toxic.
She'll keep blowing up my gf's phone, begging to meet up, or alternatively screaming at her telling her how much of a waste of time this previous relationship was to her, etc.
Lately this girl has been known to call my gf like thirty times a day, and texts too.
Recently she showed up at my gf's house at midnight and said she wouldn't leave until she came out to talk.

My gf has brought it up to me multiple times and has said she "doesn't know" what to do.

Two nights ago my gf and I were at a park and she asked how much I trusted her.
She said her ex wants her to spend a night over one last time and she was thinking of doing it to use the opportunity to have a last conversation and end all the drama.

I ask her how she would feel if I told her I was contemplating spending the night at an ex's place that I was sexual with recently and for years.

She broke down a little. Apologized pretty profusely: "I'm so sorry. I'm glad you were honest so I can see your point of view. I thought I was really mature for my age with relationships but I guess not."
She tells me she really thinks she's falling for me and asks if I feel the same way.
I say yes, but that I am not going to accept only half her heart, and that I won't demand it.
I tell her I don't really care much about her words but her actions, and that I need her to show me actions that build trust with me.

Still, I don't want to MAKE her break contact with the ex.
I feel like I'm emotionally retreating from my gf a little each day now since the discussion two nights ago.

So far she hasn't brought up the ex again since the other night, though I think she would tell me right away if she actually had cut ties, to build more trust with me.