We've always had our own lives and our own friends, and I love that about us.

Our agreement from the start had been that if at any point it stopped feeling fun for either of us, we would say something and move on.

He really is my best friend, and being with him has been so much fun and so much more fulfilling than I could have ever imagined a relationship being.

At the end of this semester, we had vague plans to move somewhere new together to live together for the first time and finally enter adulthood together if we both got jobs we wanted in the same place.

I know now that he kissed the other girl, who he had just met that night, when she gave him a ride home.

He didn’t fall for this girl exactly, but it also isn’t like he was drunk and it was a mistake.

At no point last week did he bring up this incident, or even the possibility of that type of situation in our hypothetical talk.

He seems creepily detached from the situation, and like he doesn’t know how I'm going to react to each thing I say.

Throughout the course of our phone call last night, his conclusions ranged from: we should break up, I don't deserve him, we should take a break for the time that we are still apart and then move in together, we should stay together and act like nothing happened, he should date this new girl instead, etc.

I told him I have zero patience for a dude who could lie to me for a week and still doesn't know what he wants after all that time to reflect.

Up until the point that he did this, our relationship had remained a great, fun, loving, caring, affirmative decision, and we wanted to spend our lives together for at least one more year.

We constantly validate and affirm each other, and love each other so deeply.

Now neither of us understand why he could/would just throw that all away so quickly and effortlessly, and then not know what he wants.

**tl;dr: Most trusting, loving, fulfilling relationship of my life was sabotaged despite my best efforts while we were long distance.**