We immediately clicked and had far more in common than just our academic interests, we both feel that we'd really come to love each other and we both saw the relationship as long-term.

I have Borderline Personality Disorder, which I know is the worst illness for a girlfriend to have.

I saw my boyfriend that day and I told him that my friend was advising me to send him nasty texts for not being responsive and telling me to threaten to break up with him.

I was really hoping my boyfriend would stay with me that night and talk through the problems we were obviously having, but he decided he wanted to go see his friends.

I ended up drinking way too much and decided that she was right and that my boyfriend was a dick and that I was being mistreated.

At the end of the night I ended up making out with someone I wasn't even attracted to.

I told my boyfriend the next day, and told him I assumed this meant we were over, to which he more or less agreed.

He started texting me later that day though, saying that I had planned this and more or less threatened to do it before I left his house that day.

He told me it's not a matter of forgiveness but that he could never trust me again.

I asked if I could try to earn that trust back and he told me he didn't know.

I haven't been able to think of anything else but trying to win him back.

I saw him yesterday, he's very unresponsive with texts and calls and he wasn't letting me see him and apologize in person so I just knocked on his door and told him that I'd leave if he wanted me to but that I'd like to talk to him.

He let me in and there was nothing I could say that I hadn't already texted, but it was a relief to actually have a response and to actually be able to see him and hear him.

He let me put my arms around him and weep and tell him how sorry I was, he didn't push me away but he also didn't reciprocate in any way.

It's been 5 days and I don't feel like he's completely rejected me, he continues to say that he doesn't know what he's going to do, and that he really did love me and really did not want to lose me.