I've been going out with my boyfriend for nearly 8 months now, and he is pretty much everything that I could ask for.

However recently (probably in the past 2-3 months) I have noticed he is a lot less affectionate and intimate towards me, and sex has pretty much fallen off the radar.

So about a month or two ago I topped him.
This time he seemed a little distant and went straight to sleep.

For the next two weeks he became kind of distant, where usually he would invite me out for drinks at the pub with his mates, he had a couple of parties on where he didn't ask me.

After not seeing each other for over a week (little weird for us) he said he would pop around my place if he had time after work, to which I replied 'no problem, can crash at mine too'.
He came around for like 40 minutes, and ended up going home.

I started kissing him, things got a little heavier, then he moved from kissing with tongue to closed mouths to just pecks.

I initiated sex, he was rock hard and drooling precum.
He didn't engage any type of anal, I came from a handjob, but he said he couldn't cum.

I asked him if everything is alright.
He replies yeah, everything is fine then puts his arm around me and he goes to sleep.

He said that he really didn't enjoy bottoming, like not at all.
I also mentioned how he had been distant the past couple of weeks (he said he didn't realise) and that it felt like I was always initiating sex.
He said he was just acting weird cause of the whole top/bottom situation.

I figured this might have solved all the affection, being intimate, sex problems on his side.
He kind of went all awkward, shuffling around and said 'ah i've got to cook some wings for your party tomorrow... (long pause)... oh and wash my bike'.

He comes over and mentions how he went to his friends uni recital thing on Friday night in conversation to one of my friends.

Last night we go to the movies, I of course am the one to kiss him hello, he doesn't touch me, hold my hand, or anything the entire night.

It just seems so weird going from having sex like 2-4 times a week, to literally once a month if not longer recently.

With the past couple of weeks and the lack of affection and sex, I have honestly felt like we are nothing more than friends.

The thing that confuses me is that two days before he went all distant, i went to one of his friends parties and he greeted me with open arms, lifted me off the ground and kissed me.
He was basically all over me all night, and at one point I am pretty sure he was about to say those 3 words, 'I love you', but then pulled back.