I, F[20] have been living with four other girls [20/21] since January of this year.

I wasn't really friends with these girls in college, they were friends of friends and all I knew was they were really close with each other.

Due to some unforeseen circumstances my housing plans for the year didn't work out and I was temporarily without a home.

She demanded we help her carry her things into the house, I didn't have a problem with this.. thought her method of "Fuck can you come give us a hand, stop watching you lazy fucks!" was a bit out of line.

By the end of day 1 with this girl I had put all her clothes away, assembled her flat pack desk that her parents had just bought for her.

Day 2: wake up to find her putting her new groceries away, our cupboard had been rearranged so that instead of having half a shelf each, she now had an entire shelf to herself.

The cupboard to this day is the same.. if we put anything on her shelf when ours are full, we find it on the floor.

She has done the dishes about four times in six months, she uses about 5 pans every time she cooks.

I have asked her many times to do her dishes before bed, we had a house meeting and she cracked a spastic at all of us calling us uptight bitches for requesting the kitchen be left clean at night and the bathroom and toilet be cleaned once a week.

Threatened to punch me because I told her she was wrong about a bus route.

She gets government assistance and she's on a $8000 scholarship, her parents pay for her rent anyway, she blows all her money on booze and clothes.

I pay for my own rent, haven't found a job yet and have gone many days without food because I can't afford it.

I had my washing on the line drying, she wanted to hang her clothes out, so she just dropped mine in the dirt and hung up her own.

taken things from all our rooms without permission, broke my external hard drive by dropping it on the ground, used expensive markers of mine and left the caps off so they dried up.

I've spoken MANY times to the other girls about how she acts, and they always just say "Oh that's just Monique.. just let her do what she wants she makes up for it in other ways".

I can't afford to move out, or I would just do that.

So anyway after all that, after many attempts on my part to get Monique to change and help out/ stop being such a bitch, I've concluded that the only way to get through to her is to have her two friends from college talk to her.