My boyfriend (let's call him Mike) and I met in college and immediately hit it off - we have a lot in common, became best friends and the sex is incredible.

We even easily made it through long distance for a year when Mike decided to do a masters degree in a city about three hours drive away whilst I was still finishing undergrad.

I told Mike that if he really wants to work on his writing, I would be happy to pay for most of our rent/food/etc. for him so he didn't have to do a full time job.

Six months ago, I was offered a new job in a different city with a salary that was about ten times what I made in my graduate role.

Mike did, however, tell me he was tired of me having to pay for everything for us, so before joining me in this new city he wanted to move back in with his parents and start applying for full time jobs in new city and be long distance until he found work, then could move over with me.

Six months passed, and suddenly Mike tells me he is very unhappy over Skype one day.
He says he feels like I've abandoned him by coming to the new city and that it seems like I care for him way less than he cares about me and that long distance is impossible for him to do anymore.

Mike tells me he would be happy to move right away, but he doesn't want a "shitty" part time job and will only come over to live with me if I pay for him to move, then continue paying 100% for both of us to live here until he finds a full time job that he enjoys.

My problem with this is in the years since we've graduated he's been very picky about what jobs he likes, in fact I've never once heard him say he liked the idea of any job except for being a writer.

He said he was very disappointed as he thought I was more serious about our relationship aka serious enough to support him financially 100% until he found a good full time job, no matter how long it takes.

He then also tells me "what's the point of me coming all the way to new city if after a few years you'll just leave me again to go somewhere else?"

**tl;dr**: My boyfriend doesn't want to do long distance anymore, but doesn't want to move to the city where I work unless I agree to pay for him to live here indefinitely.