She has always made her opinions about my mum's menu choices known, saying that maybe she shouldn't have a dessert because she had a pasta dish for a main course etc.

Grandmother has always been the sort of person to compare people to one another, and makes her opinions very clear.

She also has made comments about me and my sister Sally's (20F) degree courses; we both do heritage and education based subjects and she doesn't see why anybody would want to do a degree or get a job in in these disciplines as "the money is crap".

She then went on to praise my (male) cousin's results, who had taken the exams at the same time as my sister, saying that her results were not the end of the world "because things like that are more important for boys anyway".

She mercilessly mocks the "younger generation's reliance" on modern technology such as social media and smartphones, and tells her grandchildren that they are "sad" and "pathetic" for using these things.

She has openly said that she thinks the UK government should "bomb the boats bringing them over" and she is absolutely convinced that multiculturalism is leading to the disintegration of "British values".

Grandmother said, without any hint of irony, that I will "have to wake up early to cook your brother his breakfast" and do Isaac's laundry whilst they are away.

She is very critical of my social life, saying that it is "unladylike" to drink alcohol and that I "should know better."

She said that she couldn't believe I had such mean friends and that it was terrible to peer pressure Hannah into drinking alcohol, she thought it was "vile" to exclude Hannah from our night and that it was "disappointing" that I drink.

"I saw that picture of you and your friends on facebook, how lovely! I didn't know you had multicultural friends."

She comments on my eating habits very frequently, in a way that reminds me of the way she speaks to my mum.

**TL;DR- my grandmother is openly sexist and racist, and seems to take pleasure in putting other people down and making them feel bad about themselves.**