Curtis has lived with them for the majority of our relationship, mostly to save money as the area where we currently live is doing very badly economically and we are planning on moving in together in a few months.

Curtis is by nature very passive, he doesn't like confrontation and when people are unfair or uncaring to him he generally just accepts it.

There are a number of things that they have done only since I've met him that have really rubbed me the wrong way and have left him hurt and screwed over.

They have gone on numerous family trips without Curtis, I would say over ten in the past two years at least, including some big holiday like Christmas.

There was one occasion where they left for a week and blocked in Curtis's vehicle so he had no way to get around and walked everywhere when I could not drive him.

In the last year they have given away furniture of his that he was currently using and had paid for.

What has really drawn the line in my opinion is when they sold his truck.

His truck had a few problems in the last few months and he wanted a better vehicle for when we move in anyways, so he bought another better running truck for a really great deal from a friend.

We talked about selling the old truck when it was convenient since it would really help us for the move.

Then, his parents said they would try selling it, they probably have more experience with that kind of thing, why not.

When Curtis asked them about it and if he was going to get the money from the purchase they essentially told him there was no way he was getting a thing.

I was so upset when I heard this, Curtis didn't tell me for a few weeks so he wasn't upset anymore, used to it, but my frustration and upset agitated him.

He didn't want to talk about it with me, he didn't want to talk to them about it again, he wanted it to be over.

I talked to a family friend, Blake, who is a lawyer and they said that this is definitely illegal and Curtis can sue him.

Blake's only other advice was for Curtis to financially distance himself from his parents as much as possible.

It's almost not even about the money, I mean it is, he fucking needed it, but it's just more about how unfair this is.

I love Curtis and I want him to be happy, it seems like he thinks the best approach is to forgive and forget, but I can't do that and I don't want to ruin my relationship with his parents.