The first year was great, no incidences or hints of any type of aggression or violence.

At this time I started working with him on his start-up business.

He starting having violent outbursts (holes punched in doors, broken furniture, yelling) after conversations would escalate - stuff that wouldn't have upset him before.

He couldn't focus or talk about anything.

He started seeing a therapist at this time, due to my urges and his mother's, and I attended a few sessions with him as support - it wasn't couple's therapy and it wasn't focused on me.

He did seem to be getting better, but I could tell he still wasn't himself.

In May 2012 he exploded again and threw a cup of water on me.

I was so hurt because I consider it a physical act done in anger and the potential to damage any of my property nearby (like a cell phone or laptop) was a real danger too.

The rest of 2012, and the beginning of 2013, has again been much better than 2011 was.

These, as well as any violent outbursts he had before, all would stem from conversations with me where a disagreement would lead to a point where he didn't know how to express his frustration anymore and like a child, would lash out physically.

He has frightened neighbors of ours, scared our dogs, and shown great immaturity to this point.

Then yesterday, we woke up and had a wonderful normal morning.

he kicked the table over and broke a glass, then dumped a cup of water on me he had in his hand.

I was so mad, and unafraid, and I wanted so bad for him to know how it felt to have someone you love disrespect you by throwing water on you like that, so I picked up the bowl of dog water and as I went to throw it on him he pushed it away with his hand and kicked me in the thigh with his foot (HARD - he's a practiced martial artist).

I immediately doubled over in pain and started crying hysterically, feeling like I was going to throw up.

He grabbed me and started apologizing immediately, but I screamed at him and hit him until he let me go.

He gives usual excuses about being provoked and things escalating, and it was instinctual for him to block an attack, all bullshit.

So we talked more today and after getting some thoughts together I told him the only way I wanted to proceed was to be apart for an indefinite time while he starts seeing a therapist and interact only on business matters.

I am entirely reliant on him for all my bills, the car I drive is his, he buys all my groceries, etc...

He doesn't show controlling behavior in the form of jealousy around friends or family members, but he does exhibit it around things like the business where he has financial control, or control of the car I drive, etc.

I really believe a healthy mature couple should be able to talk about anything, even if they disagree, without it turning physical.

**TL;DR** My boyfriend of 3 years hit me for the first time yesterday after a battle with depression and a slowly escalating pattern of violent behavior.