We met in Prague teaching English.

We expected it to end devastatingly because we're from different countries with strict immigration policies and we had different teaching/ career goals.

We fell hard for each other and moved in together, and stayed in Prague long past what we both expected until we were sick of the low wages.

We have been here teaching for over a year.

I am "undocumented" in Spain.

It's nice living in a busy modern city with great public transport and no tipping.
It's also nice making friends from all over the world.
I'm also happy to have the chance to live with my boyfriend whom I value and love very much.

Downsides here are the terrible wages and having to live in tiny apartments often sharing with another roommate just to survive.

The plan since this past winter was to get him a fiance visa for the US so we could "easily" and legally stay together somewhere.

He is still desiring some time teaching in Asia to save up and pay off his debt and travel the world more.
We are too young for that serious commitment but there aren't many other options if we want to live in either of our home countries.

At this point he seems to be strictly concerned with making money aka teaching in Asia.
He feels you can't self improve or move forward in life if all you can think about is how to compromise to stay with someone.

We both have flights to the US together for July, but he doesn't see a point in taking his and now I'm not sure about taking mine either.

At this point it seems there aren't many options for the immediate future—either being trapped in my parents' house in the US job searching without a clear career goal and feeling devastated about the break-up OR going to Asia with him even though I have long sworn it off.

I feel a bit like I'm at his mercy because I feel like I'm ready to make sacrifices for him to stay with him, but that I should just let him go if he's truly sick of me.

We've pretty much been crying ourselves to sleep for the past few nights talking about this.