He made out with a girl there a lot of times in a lot of place which he confessed to me last month saying he was sorry that all that happened.

He wanted me to forgive me and take him back.

He had told me he will break it off with that girl when she got back from vacation.

By this time, he had broken off the relationship he had with that girl saying that they will be friends from hence forth and that they will not be making out anymore cos he wanted to be true to the girl who is waiting for him here (me).

He has openly told me he likes her and he does not want to break his friendship with her even if it means losing me.

I was very afraid when all this was happening.

I feel really broken to deal with the pain he puts me through.

I sent her a msg one day in facebook saying that she did her best to ruin my love life for me.

He kept suggesting I take a break from him for a few days.

The original plan was he was supposed to take a 2 week break from me first and then take a 2 week break from her and see which made him happy and then choose one of us and work towards that.

He said he wanted me to wait till he got back . he said this was the time he can enjoy in his life and that when he comes back he will be responsible in his life and will be with me.

I was so upset when he said that to me.

I said he can choose one of us and stick with that person with no regrets and I am fine with that.

I somehow ended up putting a list of do's and don't's for him out of pain.

I mailed him . I told that he should live a free life and I will not control him in any way.

I mailed saying I will move away from him and mailed how much he meant to me all this while.

I kept getting nightmares of him and her and I could hardly sleep a day without crying myself to sleep.

I have been feeling miserable all this long , and I went about harming myself and also want to end life cos of the pain I go through each day.

I want to close my eyes and never wake up.

I know am being over emotional.

I tried to let him be happy with his happy.

I am broken down miserably with a lot of pain.

I end up crying a lot such that my pillows are soaked and my eyes hurt like hell when i wake up.

I take sleeping pills to kill the pain I feel when I am awake.

I am trying to go to a psychiatrist so that I do not do anything else stupid when am weak.

It is driving me insane.