My mother has BPD.

My entire life has been a rollercoaster where one day she absolutely adores me and I am her pride and joy, and the next day she declares I am not her daughter.

Recently her impulsiveness and inability to understand consequences has landed her in huge legal trouble, and she has been working through this the last few months.

I live in a different city with my husband(M28)(we made the decision to move in large part due to the fact that I needed to get away from the toxic environment my family created).

I have recently started therapy and am starting to accept and grieve the fact that I will never have a real relationship with my mom.

In the last two days she has gone off the rails completely, after I drove 6 hours just to spend a few hours with her on mother's day.

She would only keep repeating that no one would help her.

The next day I called her to let her know that I'd shipped the items and the money would arrive in a few days.
She didn't pick up and then called me back, in the middle of some kind of breakdown.
She could only repeat that everyone hated her and she hated everyone, that I was horrible daughter because I am in therapy getting help for my issues, that I don't love her, that she should just die.

I called my grandmother who lives with her to see if she was okay, and she was hiding out at a relative's house.
Apparently the night before my mother had tricked my grandmother into going outside and locked her out of the house in the middle of the night.

I told my grandmother that it sounded like my mother was a danger to herself and others.

Today I called my grandmother to see how things were going, she said "everything is fine, your mom is calm."
I asked when they were taking her to get evaluated and she said that wasn't happening.

Something snapped in me at that moment and I decided I couldn't do this with them any longer.

I feel that I need to not be involved with my family anymore, because I can't take watching my mom self destruct anymore.