We had just had sex one night and were in the middle of a couple hours of pillow talk.

Her exact words were something like this: *"In past relationships ... I had a really, really high sex drive ... I was kind of 'sex machine', actually ... almost to the point where the guy would get sick of me ... There were past relationships where, if I wasn't getting laid 2-3 times per day, I would be in a pissy mood ... I've just noticed my sex drive going down recently ..."*

She never actually used the word "addicted" in this conversation, but it still started to haunt my confidence a little.

*She: The thing is, I equated sex with intimacy ... But you've shown me other ways to be intimate ... Just being in the same room with you is intimate ...*

*Me: Maybe you don't have a 'sex drive' at all, so to speak. Maybe you just have an 'intimacy drive' and now that you've seen other ways, it isn't all about sex.*

*She: Yeah, maybe. That could be.*

She says that the thing she's most ashamed of in her life is the fact that she lost track of the number of guys she's been with.

She said, "I've had plenty of week-long relationships. Guys I had known for years would ask me out. We would have sex because we were going out, and then as soon as I put out they would leave."

She then mentions that she became addicted to sex.

She said, "It's not like I was running out in the street yelling, *"Who wants to have sex?"* ... If I wasn't in a relationship, it's not like I *had* to be having sex ... but if I was in a relationship, I was addicted ..."

She had to attend group therapy sessions to snap out of it and it took quite a while.

This girl loves me and the time we spend together is paradise.

I love this woman; but I don't know what to do here.

I am 21, My girlfriend is 22. She used to be addicted to sex and have a lot of short relationships. It's messing with my confidence because the stupid part of my brain thinks she wanted it more often from those guys because they pleased her better, while the smart part of my brain knows she was just insecure.