We started dating in October, and it was amazing.

I told him early on that I was not interested in a relationship with someone who did drugs.

He assured me that that was all in the past, and that he cared more about me than any of those things.

In March, my dad lost his job, and I was devastated... he pulled out his bong and convinced me to smoke with him... When I wake up I'm half naked and he's passed out next to me.

I tell him that that cannot happen again, and that I don't want to smoke or do any pills any more.

So May rolls around, one day he leaves his facebook up at my place... all of them about him dealing. He was selling drugs through his facebook; shrooms and marijuana and heroin and pills. And if it wasn't bad enough for him to be selling at all, he was selling to my older brother.

A month later I (stupidly) forgave him, and we're back together.

One time we were outside at my Uncle Jean's... he grabs my arm, and starts yelling about why would I do this to him, why was I being such a bitch... there was no way I was getting out of this arm lock.

That happens again at the house we're staying at, only quieter, because it was the middle of the night.

my cousin proceeds to tell me that he had gone to a party, and when he arrived he was warned about a trashed man picking fights... it wasn't hard to see that it was my boyfriend who was trashed and picking fights, bragging about how much money he made selling heroin and weed, talking shit about my personal family issues, and forcing girls to let him take shots of their chests.

I dumped him that afternoon, no questions.

In the middle of the night I'm woken up to one of his hands in my underwear, his other around my hand on his crotch.

About two weeks later, he completely loses it, hacks my email, hacks my facebook, changes my passwords, and calls my mother telling her I'm a drug-addicted whore.

now he's texting me, telling me he wants to apologize for everything.

He says he still loves me, not a day goes by that he doesn't miss me, and he just wants to make amends.