We only knew each other for maybe six months before we started acknowledging each other—we had mutual friends.

He's moved into my place recently because it worked out for both of us financially.

There is one girl friend of his in particular that made me really uncomfortable though, and started this fissure of mistrust I have toward him.

She is one of them.
She is engaged to someone else and lives in another country, but came to visit and stayed at his place.
He let me know that she had offered sex in exchange for letting her stay over.

When I dropped him off the next day, she was there—we had breakfast together and it was one of the most awkward, silent things I've been through.
As I was leaving, through the crack of the closing door I saw her close in on him.

Over the past few months, a few things happened that made me suspicious.
I noticed he still had Tinder on his phone, he claimed he "didn't know what it was for" when he first got it and forgot to delete it.

I also noticed that that girl's little face kept popping up on his phone.

One time we were hanging out and he literally replied to her on messenger instead of answering me when I was talking to him.

One night about a month ago, "somebody" was trying to do a facetime or video chat with him at almost midnight.
I asked who it was, and of course it was her.

I told him he had to stop talking to her completely because it was too much for me.

After he said he 'blocked' her I checked FB and saw they were still friends, so I asked about that and he deleted her.

I'm just concerned, now that he is using Snapchat, that he might still be talking to this girl or other girls.

He has a lot of alone time right now, not working so much.

I've seen him open the app a couple of times while we've been together very recently.

When we were first dating, he said he didn't watch porn.
I asked him a few weeks ago and he admitted that he had starting watching it again a couple times a week.

He deleted the conversation with that girl on messenger before I could see what his 'parting words' were.

He said he wanted a LDR with weekend visits, but I don't know if I trust him enough to commit to that.