I have been dating a guy (M25) for 6-7 months now.

Things go back and forth regarding how happy I am in this relationship and, at this point, I'm not sure how I feel about anything.

BF (I'll call him G) hasn't integrated me into his life but has instead partitioned me off to the side.

We only see each other on Fridays because he's busy, and yet he makes time during the week to hang out with friends or go shopping.

I feel like I'm the lowest on his list of priorities as a result.

I don’t have to do everything with him, but I want to feel like a genuine part of his life and not just an accessory or toy to play with on the same day of every goddamn week like I'm penciled in.

He doesn't blow shit off to hang out with me. Ever.

Because we only see each other on Friday, maaaybe Sat. or Sun., during the 6 days I way from him I become very pessimistic about the relationship.

I'm never happy when Friday rolls around. It's too planned, I feel like an obligation, a chore, or, worse, a fuckbuddy when he assures me I'm none of the above, he's just too busy.

He's crazy about his dog, treats him like a son (this is fine). Shoves him down my throat (not cool).

G wants us to move in together in the future. Wants me to help him pick out the house. But the house **has** to be approved by his dog.

He wants the dog to sleep with us and 'feels bad' throwing him out of the bedroom and has outright refused sex with me every. single. time. at his place for this reason.

He loves to tickle me. I hate being tickled. I have told him repeatedly not to tickle me and yet he keeps doing it, and I can't stand it.

I have anxiety. He's ZERO help when it comes to this and I need support with it.

He dismisses my fears, my concerns, always just says "You'll be fine."

Refuses to perform oral on me but always wants a blow job.

He tried it once (barely pressed his tongue to me) and complained that it was too salty. Wrecked my self esteem.

He tries, but not hard enough.

**I've talked to him about the vast majority of these problems at one point or another. Some things we've talked about have improved (mainly his selfishness in bed), things outlined above have not.**

I'm so desperate for my career of choice it's something I'm honestly considering doing and I know that makes me a very terrible person.

**TL;DR: Never get to spend time with my BF, feel like he might be a jerk that keeps me separated out of his 'main' life.**