I met her around the end of Feb. 2010 through a mutual friend.

I was still living with my mother at the time but I grew extremely depressed from the living conditions there.

I asked her if it would be okay if I could stay with her for awhile while I figure shit out.

She was living with her mother still at the time so I basically had to ask her mother for permission.

I eventually find one at the beginning of September.

Instead had to take care of my GF's dogs.

It gets even worse when they had puppies, so on top of everything else, I have even more dogs to take care up.

She did help somewhat, but I pretty much took care of them 80% of the time.

She brings up that she misses using it and how it will help her lose weight and all that bull shit.

I told her no in the beginning, but eventually gave into her using it because it would "make her happy".

This further progressed into us fighting all the time, her telling me she doesn't want to be with me.

She's broke my laptop, threw my guitar amp and gaming headset.

She wind up pisses so bad that I tell her the truth where I lied about going to work that night and I lied to her so she could just take me home so I would never have to see her again.

We wind up getting into a fight in a parking lot.

she breaks my phone, tears my shirt open scratches my arm and chest, and leaves.

One day she starts messaging me over FB tellling me how sorry she is and how fucked up it was for her to treat me that way, and she stopped using for good for the sake of getting back with me.

We start dating again, but she has to move out because they start remodeling her mothers house.

I suggest getting an apartment so she could at least she could have 1 of her dogs with her.

So we move in to this new place at the beginning of december and she assures me that her dog wont be that much of a problem.

I'm getting pissed off at the fact that I work my ass off to afford living there while her dog just sleeps all day and coming home to the apt reeking of shit and piss.

we get into a fight last night about moving into a rental house so she can have her other dog with her because she misses him.

The whole reason I even moved in with her is so she could be happy and have her dogs with her.