Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

Just because there are thousands of people every year found "guilty of conspiracy" proves nothing. 
Over the past several decades, U.S. district attorneys have used the "piling-on" process to charge the accused with every possible violation.
This is an attempt to water down the plea-bargain process.
Charge someone with three counts, and you're forced [perhaps] to get a conviction on only one. 
Charge them with FIFTEEN counts, and you'll scare them so badly they'll plead to four or five.
These days you almost never see an alleged felon escape at least one conspiracy charge in amongst all the others, so the fact that more people are "guilty" of them is hardly proof that government-led conspiracies are true.

On the other hand, just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they *aren't* out to get you.
Because they are often unfounded.
Whether there are conspiracies or not I wont dscuss here, (even tho I think there are a plethora of them)

All I would say is, from experience, the majority of the public will "turn off" to a subject/idea when it is labelled a "conspiracy theory"

Many journalists have fallen for the conspiracy theory of government. I do assure you that they would produce more accurate work if they adhered to the cock-up theory.
because the majority of conspiracy theories involve insane theories.

You're absolutely right.  The world is more complex. 
I'll tell you what's not very complex and quite frankly ridiculous at this point to even consider being true: 19 men who brought the US air defense system to it's knees with box cutters, all because they hate our freedoms.
The official government version of how 9/11 happened is a conspiracy theory...

A conspiracy is an argeement between members who keep their intentions secret. 
their intentions, by someone's standards, are bad. 

Because the certainty of the believer in a conspiracy theory is almost never correlated with the actual amount of evidence or the actual probability of the theory being true.

Conspiracy theories act almost like the worst parts of religions, providing an incredibly oversimplified explanation for vastly complex real events.
People don't believe in conspiracies because they have a good likelihood of being true, but because the conspiracy theory makes a good story, and some people would rather believe in a good story than face reality.

It's a dirty label because it's usually associated with a theory that is never proven adequately and still wants attention and recognition for its "insights". 
Conspiracies are just a conspiracy to get people to believe in conspiracies.  Divide and conquer, and all that.
Do you even know how the world works? Do you know who controls inflation? Do you know what inflation is? Do you know what inside information is? Do you know what you can accomplish with inside information?

That's all. You read far too much into things.

'Conspiracy theory' means a postulated grouping of people that collude for an ulterior motive or purpose.

Conspiracies, by nature, are secret and the first thing conspirators do is deny there is a conspiracy. 

Secret societies = human nature.