Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

1. Or, it could mean Al-Qaida does not want to let their hottest recruiting instrument to be taken away from them. If the occupation no longer existed, they would not be able to find so many desperate men willing to commit suicide while inflicting damage on the US.
2. As long as there are men with nothing to lose, there will be men unwilling to accept their plight and willing to use their death in order to make a statement.
3. See, folks? *This* is why we gotta invade Iraq.
4. So all you have to do is break something in order to own it?
5. The signs in the stores say: You break it, you buy it!
6. but the US can not even afford to outfit their soldiers properly or take care of the valliant fighting men and women that pay the price of war in lost limbs, trauma and sickness.
7. The US has the largest amount of debt in the entire world and other nations are beginning to wonder if it will default.
8. The price tag on Iraq is more than the treasury can pay.
9. The Iraqis were living under a brutal dictator who had convinced the world that he had weapons of mass destruction and he was not following the UN rules about how to have WMDs.
10. The people of every country are responsible for the leaders that they allow to remain in power.
11. The Iraqi people are responsible for the invasion of their country and if they let another secular or religious asswipe dominate them while pretending to be a badass on the world stage then the same thing will happen again.
12. With that said, the US reputation in the Middle East was wrecked when we walked away after the Soviet Afghanistan war without helping Afghanistan recover.
13. We bailed the minute we got what we wanted.
14. If we leave Iraq without giving them the due diligence that we gave Japan and Germany after WWII then we will forever seal our reputation as crap.
15. Right now we have ended a brutal dictatorship and in many areas of Iraq we are now winning hearts and minds by staying and doing the hard work.
16. i'm sure there's a joke here about a rack, invasion, and who comes after who, but i can't think of one, so just imagine i did.
17. The funny thing is that the WMD is made in USA. The the terrorists is made by the USA.

Let me know if you would like me to summarize or analyze these sentences further!