Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. The Supreme Leader of Iran is the head of the country and is appointed for life by a committee.
2. He is appointed by the Assembly of Experts, and can be dismissed by them at any time.
3. The Assembly of Experts is elected, but only candidates approved by the Assembly itself are allowed to participate.
4. The old "moderate" president (the one we liked) was elected last time.
5. Oh I see, you have to get as far as being a terrorist organisation to be excluded from the Knesset, rather than having just racist policies.
6. Policies you personally don't like and can't comprehend in the local context does not equal racist policies for which you're barred from elections.
7. Israel is a democracy, whether you like it or not.
8. The situation was completely different until they staged a provocation that turned into the intifada.
9. By "they", I assume you mean "Sharon and the Likudniks"?
10. But yes, sure, the Palestinians bring it on themselves.
11. Israel is being simply forced by the Palestinians to engage in the theft of the West Bank and Jerusalem; the belief that all of the land was given to the Jews by God has absolutely nothing to do with it.
12. The UK isn't at all the same. The monarch's a constitutional head and wields no real power - monarchical power is devolved to the Prime Minister as head of the cabinet.
13. There are minor technical differences like the veto, but your original point is that Iran is not democratic because they have a figurehead spiritual leader is still wrong.
14. Italy? But that's more corruption than anything else.
15. The newer European states have issues as well, but I'm not sure if they would be considered "western". Likewise Mexico.
16. Mexico? I know next to nothing about Mexico so I won't pretend.
17. Almost everything in that list has been done in the USA. Democracy, huh?
18. By and at large, Israel is nothing like that.
19. And yes, they are bringing it on themselves. It doesn't sound pretty, but appears to be an accurate description.
20. The only way that Palestinians can ever be said to have brought anything upon themselves - when you get down to the brass tacks - is by being born in the wrong place, and it turns out that they cannot actually be blamed for that.

Let me know if you'd like me to summarize these sentences further!