Here are the selected sentences in order, separated by newlines:

It seems the new requirement for government work is a complete lack of brain activity.

The federal government is grasping at anything to prove to the public that their services are needed. As more citizens wake up to the needlessness of a violent coercive money sucking government the more violent and blood sucking the government gets.

They are digging their own grave and I hope no graves will have to literally be dug when its all said and done.

The TSA seems to fail at everything they set out to do.

Seems to me that they're either a threat and thus shouldn't be given any of the other privileges, or they should just be able to live their lives without being harassed by the government.

I'm not actually speaking towards one particular presidency, but more towards an accepted attitude as a country. Any war results in far too massive civilian casualties.

The people are dumb as bricks

Even if it doesn't show up on the screen, what's the chance that somewhere on the visa / immigration / customs / job application form down the track the wording appears:  "have you ever been determined to pose a security threat by a United States Authority" - and said application will then be duly denied or massively complicated by a truthful answer.

There should be a class action to force this wording to be officially withdrawn.

The TSA is scaring off foreign MIT students, *after* [Bunnie Huang warned about precisely this] some time ago:

People have often asked me, now that I have some perspective on China, what I think will happen to the US. Can we compete? Will we continue to lead?

I just wrote a green card recommendation for a brilliant photonic circuit designer.

He is a core technical contributor in a US electronics company whose work has been critically peer-recognized as innovative and valuable.

The point is, the "War on Terror" gets a lot of airtime, but in practical terms isn't all that serious of a concern.