I've extracted some sentences from the text:

1. "One of my very good friends here, in fact one of my only Chinese friends, is westernized to the point that he could assimilate into American society. But his identity is betrayed when you ask him about Chairman Mao: 'I think he was some sort of genius.'"
2. "And yet just 20 years ago they were protesting against their government."
3. "What we have seen recently, with the anti-China attack of the Western media, has been a legitimate reaction to what the Chinese people, for the most part, feel is a conspiracy of slander."
4. "I'd imagine US citizens would band together should all of Asia begin a similar defamation campaign based upon lies, half-truths, and slanted interpretations."
5. "Your analysis is very shallow, and your conclusion demonstratedly false."
6. "And yet my wife, who speaks great English but is not Westernized at all (hasn't ever left China) thinks very poorly of Mao, the current regime, and their ineffective campaign against corruption."
7. "China has been trending towards more freedom and openness in the last 20 years."
8. "The US, in contrast..."
9. "What is freedom, but the ability to live the life you wish without government restriction and intrusion?"
10. "I see quite a bit of free living in China at the lower levels."
11. "The larger restrictions, such as restrictions on movement of capital, actually have a larger impact on China's rich."
12. "Thats a good thing, and will likely turn the people into a force to further open up China economically and politically."
13. "China is Reddit's favorite pinata.  Everyone gets a whack."
14. "Like in history, good guys are not as good as they are honored; bad guys are not as bad as they are rumored."
15. "Over time though, I think different entities will reach equilibrium."
16. "Fair enough. but based on my personal experiences of interacting with chinese people on a daily basis i am inclined to believe that the majority of people do not feel the same way, and if they do, they will not voice their opinions outside of a private setting."
17. "Otherwise, how can you explain Mao on every single denomination of currency, or the wild success of chairman mao rearview mirror ornaments."
18. "Maybe your chinese forums suffer from the same phenomenon of being 'small, like-minded groups'."
19. "I'm not referring to the rich, I said the top of the food chain
20. "Which is usually the rich and politically connected."
21. "Why not let the Chinese decide for themselves?  Who are you to dictate the priorities of a foreign people?"
22. "The majority of the Chinese people are happy with the direction China's leadership is taking the country, while more than 80% of Americans are now unhappy with America's direction."
23. "Your attention and action is needed closer to home."
24. "Because if the chinese industrialize on a larger scale and emulate capitalist culture also on a larger scale, global resources will be affected ever more...hopefully diminishing tyrannical governments everywhere, not likely but hey if you meant direct action, that is not  going to be discussed here"

These sentences provide insight into various aspects of Chinese society, politics, and culture, as well as the author's opinions and experiences.