Here are the extracted sentences:

1. I think you should all just unite as one nation so I don't have to remember all your names.
2. Then this would be a catalyst to help isolate and identify the different factions within the Muslim community.
3. You say most Muslims are peaceful? Cool, and I'm sorry for grouping them with the rest of them, but the number of violent, oppressive, shithead Muslims is not an insignificant number, and I'm not going to ignore or tip-toe around the issue.
4. Muslims make up just over 19% of the population of the World (according to the Vatican).
5. It's a movie about cruelty caused by islamic extremists and their reasoning. It doesn't pretend to be anything else.
6. But those acts of violence did happen. There were death-threats against those who were hosting the video in the beginning, surely not a good start in proving the maker of the movie wrong.
7. Where are the muslims in outrage over those death-threats? Where are the protestors urging the radicals to stop killing people only because they break "holy law"?
8. Whether it comes from the state or the mob, attempting to stop me from watching or reading something smacks of authoritarianism, however well intentioned it may be.
9. Movies like this are going to inflame people who are already inflamed. They are not going to make a damn bit of difference with anyone else.
10. All the holy books have reprehensible shit in them.
11. Look, nobody is saying that death threats are OK, certainly not those people which I linked to.
12. Fitna is almost identical to the videos that have been released by Al'Qaeda and Iraqi insurgents.
13. I am slightly concerned by phrases like "make love not movies".
14. Weelders is a prick, I'm not arguing with that.
15. However, what we all have to remember is that there is  a serious problem with certain people in society who hold certain beliefs that are completely incompatible with the rest of us.
16. These people _are_ a danger and they need to be dealt with before we see a repeat of Nazism.
17. The EU: America's second evolution.
18. haha
19. So they're statistically insignificant but still a major problem?
20. Yes it does. It is an apeal to stop 'Islamification' and shows the dramatic rise in Muslim numbers in Europe as justification for this.
21. *Der Spiegel*, do you mean?
22. That's not true though, is it? 
23. I'd call it pretty radical to wish to introduce Sharia law to the UK but apparently 40% of British Muslims want it to happen:
24. Yeah, tiny.