Here are the selected sentences:

"Producing "meat" is a massive yet ongoing waste of precious grains on the planet. This is 9th grade high school biology material."

One acre of planted farm land yields much more food than an acre of grazing land.

The only problem with your pet theory is that I AND OTHER PEOPLE LIKE MEAT! That isn't going to change any time soon.

You can pry my filet mignon from my cold, dead hands. Waiting for "raw foodies" and vegan downmod squad in 3... 2... 1...

Fer crying out loud. Yes there are shortages but this sly innuendo about the mysterious and unknown reasons for the shortages is bullshit.

Real estate is in the shitter and stocks are going that way soon so all the big money is flooding into commodities driving up the prices.

There is no peak oil and there is no crop failure from global warming. It's a simple result of decisions that voters in most of the western world have made by intention and of their own free will.

People are starving in third-world countries because of farm subsidies by rich countries that make it difficult for third-world farmers to make a living.

Fix the subsidies, fix the starvation.

I went to my Summit supermarket yesterday here in Tokyo and had no trouble at all buying butter. Didn't have to fight my way through rioting mobs or grab that stick of butter out of the hand of some trampled oba-san either. Just picked it off the shelf. There was lots left too.

I don't know if food is that much more expensive. I assume it is because people are always talking about it but I don't think about the price of things when I go to the supermarket. I just put what I want in the basket and pay what they tell me to pay.

Since the prices seemed a little cheaper than normal at the store yesterday, I was really confused and constantly thinking "wtf?" throughout the article...

So what? Japan's doing just fine.

The reason the US has been paying aggro subsidies to it's farmers for so long is going to turn out to be an extremely prescient policy.

But what to do in the meantime?

I predicted $5 a head for lettuce and 1 second before you ridicule me....file that number away to reference later when that is a reality.