Here is a summary of about 10% of the original text, consisting of selected sentences:

i am from the virgin islands and yeah, i know for a fact that they will disappear if the current environmental trend continues - so much for going back home for a vacation

Global warning is a sad and true fact of life. It would be tragic for many of these 20 places listed, especially the Great Barrier Reef.

The Earth is not threatened at all.

Actually not only humans are threatened. The rise in temperature in oceans has cause massive extinction of temperature-sensitive micro organisms and corrals in recent years.

Yup, debunked by the fucking tooth fairy.

Yeah, our lovely flat planet Earth is in NO way under any danger.

The *Pacific* may be *less warm than it otherwise would*

These natural climate phenomena can sometimes hide global warming caused by human activities. Or they can have the opposite effect of accentuating it.

It's been 11,500 years since the last ice age, and they occur every 10,000-12,000 years, and last for over 80,000 years.

The *Pacific* may be cooling (or at least warming less rapidly), but not the Earth, or *global* temperatures.

Every desert on Earth is most likely the corpse of a forest that once had rich soil, but was assaulted by human "farmers" who churn soil, destroying the porosity, with it the ability to capture water and therefore lower temperature and create rainfall.

Soil is not just dirt, it's filled with life at every scale of size. When rich with life soil can absorb water like a sponge.

We should stop farming, that doesn't mean you stop growing. It's an awful cliche, but "sustainable agriculture" in a few particular forms is an alternative approach to growing food.

The Pacific is going to cool enough to offset the temperature rise caused by global warming. This is expected to cause a decrease in global average temperature.

You can chart a rough path of the rise and fall of civilizations plotting only depletion of topsoil, looking about the rate of depletion and where it was taking place.

Modern food is grown using a lot of fertilizer made from natural gas. The soil is more of a reaction chamber than anything else now.

There's no such thing as "proof" in science, but rather lots of hard evidence favoring the theory.

The science behind CO2 trapping heat from the sun is undeniable. I am sad to see someone failed basic high school chemistry here.

That is pretty funny.  I am a high schooler and I am in Chemistry right now with an A.