Here is the extracted summary:

You can hardly count a military tribunal as a real trial, though.
This story is bullshit, and no 15-year-old should ever be locked up for years without a trial.
How long does it take to get a frickin hearing?
Fuck that, a trial by Americans is no trial at all.
One who has Canadian citizenship yet cares nothing for it beyond their free health care.
&gt;Charging a man with murder in this place is like handing out speeding tickets at the Indy 500.

-Captain Willard
there was a 60 minutes show about this
i think they only count as wartime killings if you are wearing a uniform.
Like, if an American citizen, not a soldier, walked over there and started shooting Iraqi militants he would probably be charged with murder (unless he was with Blackwater, but what can you do?)
Why not?
same way im Irish because it gets me free beer?
Because of all the frolicking kangaroos.
Well, makes sense.
&gt;no *person* should ever be locked up for years without a trial.

Fixed that for you.
About as long as it takes for the man to snap and admit to anything, whether he did it or not.
No one saw him throw the grenade and now it turns out the American soldiers were also throwing grenades so there is doubt as to who threw the grenade originally.
&gt; The logic is that someone who is out of uniform has no right to defend themselves, or bear arms.

No, they do have that right, just that the other side also has the right (not _obligation_, obviously) to shoot them when they capture them.
I am Irish as well... where does the line start for free beer?
The problem with your confused thinking is you have this notion laws should not discriminate between "my" side and "their" side, that in the ideal world one would be treated about the same under all jurisdictions. Now that is too stupid for words - for instance any country's laws will protect the spies she sends abroad from prosecution while the espied upon countries will have laws to punish them severely.
Remove your troops from Afghanistan and say in public that when the US kills your troops they don't get support from you. If they give you any grief, bitch-slap them.