Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

Fuck Mexico.
We'll stem gun flow when you stem illegal alien flow.

Actually you are wrong. The Mexican government has been caught actively distributing pamphlets that instruct individuals HOW to sneak into the U.S.

Isn't Mexico responsible for ensuring that guns aren't crossing the border into their country?

Idiot, the Mexican government does not advocate the crossing of illegals.

Go back under your bridge and rot there.

God no. Don't stem the illegal alien flow... who else is going to mow the liberal elites' lawns?

What is hard to understand about this?

"No, really. They are serious." I know. That's what the article said.

If Mexico had a constitution which ensured the right of the people to cocaine, I'm pretty sure we wouldn't bother trying to stem the flow of drugs from the Mexican side of the border.

US officials have their hands tied to a certain extent, because firearms are perfectly legal all over the US. How can you crack down on people who are doing something which isn't against the law?

Mexico should focus on fixing their corrupt country and worry about us later. No, really.

How about a real solution - full legalization. That'll deflate the organized crime pretty rapidly.

I really wish it were that simple. The problem is that Mexico received a ton of pressure and arm twisting from our government to crack down hard on the drug trafficking.

Ok, i think our government is trying to do that, but guess what? Bad guys have automatic weapons and RPGs launchers. They offer you a bribe, you take it or you are dead, the old "silver or lead" dilemma.

Is throwing people in jail for 20 years just for supplying something for which there is a strong demand justified?

Maybe the US should just concentrate on stemming Mexican flow...

Meth addicts aren't people using meth responsibly. I'm not saying its harmless, all I want is some kind of tangible evidence, not the same bullshit sensationalism that's been driving the drug war for the past decades.

I was thinking "asshole", but whatever works for you...