Here is the summary of approximately 10% of the original text, consisting of sentences copied verbatim:

What the fuck did people think was going to happen? I heard some fucking retard on the radio telling people to send money...yeah right..

The military was probably as happy as a pig in shit when this happened because they knew it would mean a big mess of free shit from all over the world that they could keep for themselves.

We're so afraid of pissing off China that we're going to let another 100,000 people die of starvation or water-borne disease. I'm furious with my entire hemisphere, with the entire world, and I don't know what I can do about it.

Send 'em weapons. Do not invade, you only will make things worse (like in Vietnam or Iraq).

Let us all remember that while we sit on reddit at home, there are disaster and refugree relief workers who are actually out doing everything they can do help those in the most desperate of times.

Citizens of Burma, this may be a good time to kill your leaders. Democracy will never come to you, you have to take it.

Humankind is a fucking virus...

This is par for governments. All governments, whether it is the 'evil' Chinese government, or Mugabe of Zimbabwe or Bush of the US. Government is not the solution.

Concur!

How many foreign aid workers were allowed in to help after that enormous storm in 2005? Did the local government react promptly and without playing politics?

At least some good came of it when the people, realising their leaders had failed them, rose up and killed their leaders and restored democracy, prosperity and peace to their troubled land.

It's a natural disaster, part of the cyle of nature as scientists studying any other species would insist. There should be a news blackout and let the planet heal.

Well done, person who's name is ambiguous in respect to gender, well done.

You're not bringin' any weapons? ...Then you're not gonna change nothin'

Ha, and if I say something he doesn't know he'll actually ask, "Oh did you read that on Reddit?" It's sad actually. 

Ramen

Ramen