Here are the selected sentences:

Brazil stopped exportation too, as brazillian i know this is big. Something is really happening, here in Argentina the government is having big problems with producers of food too.

There are all sorts of things that contribute to this. Drought/poor crops is just one of them. Profit margins maybe. Arable land used for Biofuels will be another (this really pisses me off - I'm all in favour of alternate energy sources, but this biofuel push in America is not about being green, it is to reduce your reliance on foreign fuel sources.

Most Chinese exports of Rice to other countries before the PRC halted such were to neighboring countries in Asia. Only a very small percentage of Rice exports were to the US.

China has its own population to feed. Last year's summer floods, as well as the Snow Emergency of early 2008 resulted in crop losses. To ensure domestic supply, the government halted exports even as demands from its Asian neighbors for rice increased.

But believe the U.S. propaganda if you want. It doesn't make it true.

I agree that it is shortsighted, but isn't jumping on the gravy train shortsighted too?

The rice shortage has very little to do with China and a lot to do with India and Vietnam.

There's no rice shortage in the US. There *is*, however, a bunch of fat people who eat too much.

This doesn't mean that there is not real cause for concern and action though.

Dude you got it totally wrong mostly. You cant trust bbc when talks about Argentina!

We have rational farmers in Canada. They sell their meat and produce for as much money as they can get. Just like any other business people.

"But Argentina has over and over again elected socialist governments" Dude WTF are you talking about?

Peron was a corporatist which is a variation of a socialist.

You seems to think that the farmers should be the servants of the city dwellers providing them with meat and produce at a price city dwellers want to pay...

In 1920, Argentina was a far richer country than Canada was. But Argentina has over and over again elected socialist governments that force wage &amp; price controls on the economy and governments that try to manipulate market forces...