Here are the selected sentences, in order, separated by newlines:

Leverage is not a new concept. People use it every day with mortgages and small business loans. The difference is that most people don't (directly) use leverage to make their living.

If you believe oil is overpriced, why not use this "extreme leverage" to bring oil prices down? Why talk when you can short oil futures, bring oil prices down AND make tons of money for yourself??

The trend is your friend and the trend is upward.
A lot of people who were alive in '29 believed the stock market crash was due to margins being so low. Then when the market started to go down and there were margin calls people couldn't come up with the money and the market fell and fell and fell.

Well, we have a fiat monetary system where the central bankers have the power to print money out of thin air to "loan out". They print it up, loan it out, print it up, loan it out, ... now people act all surprised when there psychotic levels of inflation and debt and extreme speculation everywhere.

It leads to the centralization and concentration of wealth in the hands of those that control and issue new fiat monies away from those that create the real wealth, and it leads to instabilities like this where this "borrowed" fictitious capital has to find a place to go and ends up causing artificial bubbles that pop.

This sounds a lot like what happened during the great crash of 1929.
"The crash followed a speculative boom that had taken hold in the late 1920s, which had led hundreds of thousands of Americans to invest heavily in the stock market, a significant number even borrowing money to buy more stock. By August 1929, brokers were routinely lending small investors more than 2/3 of the face value of the stocks they were buying."

That is not overpricing, that is called margin.

For each futures contract you need a PAIR!: one trader going long - betting that the spot price will rise, and one trader going short - betting that the spot price will go down. Both traders will use margin in order to amplify their profits at the risk of amplifying their loses. Note that this is irrelevant to the price direction. The actual leverage is irrelevant to the price. Leverage just amplifies the profits and loses but it doesn't affect the price level.

Yes, that what it sounds like to me.

What happens if they make people start paying full price of if there are margin calls.
Do you think there is any chance they will be prosecuted?

Stop blaming the price of crude oil on people who trade the market. Price is price, and nothing else. The focus should be on the leaders who influence policy.