Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. Arabs are semites you fucking moron.
2. MOST ISraelis are not jews- they are Khazars- a tribe of retarded quasi-russians with no lineage to abraham whatsoever, and no claim to ISrael whatsoever.
3. There's a big terrorist in the middle east, they have weapons of mass destruction, nuclear weapons, but they refuse inspections or disarmament. They have gone on record that they are willing to use their nukes to destroy the entire world if they think they are going to be destroyed(Ira baby!).
4. The name of that so-called country is Israel.
5. But it is not a country- it is nazi-style occupation and an arab holocaust under way.
6. I also highly suggest you start educating your ignorant self on the christian fascists that are in control of the US armed forces.
7. Please buy a clue at your earliest convenience....
8. How about that algebra and astronomy you ape?
9. Even assuming that they were solely Islamic in nature - which is not true, given that both astronomy and algebra precede Islam - I find it interesting that when talking about the Muslim world scientific knowledge( which is always good, regardless of origin, and the Islamic world had a good period several centuries ago) suddenly is something that can be used in a discussion even if it has **nothing** to do with what is being debated.
10. *WHOOSH*...which is why you need to be armed to the teeth so if someone comes to rape your sister, they get a bullet in their head instead.
11. Ok? Has that helped you, dim person?
12. Etymology isn't semantics, thicko.
13. That's twice now. I don't see why you have such a problem with such a simple word.
14. Right, now you're just being weird. Not just thick but weird.
15. Learn your grammar.
16. First, when put in quotes, it means I am not referring to myself but to a common quote, well referenced, which does not even reflect my own viewpoint.
17. Second, I am neither criticizing nor supporting the US with that statement, I am referring to other historical (non-current-event) situations where that comment loosely applies.
18. So get your facts straight and direct your sophomoric insults elsewhere, you self-gratifying troll.

Please note that these sentences are copied verbatim from the original text and may contain offensive language or views.