Here are some sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. Slavery gets shit done.
2. Indeed. In fact, the reason you yanks invaded was to stop the Russians more than it was to stop the Nazi's.
3. The ones starving were workers in cities, as due to the ongoing industrial revolution (decades before Stalin) population numbers there rose quickly. Low wages, stressed supply lines and lack of any social safety nets -&gt; starving workers.
4. I think you have a few things wrong here... industrial workers were well-fed as they were the communist "base," along with the army and the intelligentsia.
5. Bolshevik support in rural areas was spotty - some villages were so enthusiastic about the revolution they burned churches and threw out the priests. Others, you are right, were horrified at the "godless" Communists.
6. As for peasants "doing alright" I am skeptical. The feudal system was thawing somewhat at the time of the revolution, but, much like caste in current-day India, it continued to exist in practice even where it was banned by law. Russia is a huge country and provincial lords could and did ignore the writ of the central government - especially when rightist elements of that very government were actively encouraging them to do so.
7. Please don't take this as a defense of Communism - if anything the Soviet successes under Stalin only prove that Communism can "work" only as a brutal dictatorship.
8. And nice way to entirely miss the point, you profoundly unintelligent fuckspanner.
9. You rightflly claim that Russia was badly mistreated in the USSR. How come that it's only Russians among ex-soviet nationalities who wish for the old times back, Stockholm syndrome?
10. Oh, and not western media, I've read too many post-soviet russian historians;)
11. And wasn't Nazi Germany defeated in WWII due to Stalinist Russia's participation in the war? He was accepted by West as part of pact for peace until everyone started having their differences.
12. You liberals want to hand Bush on the "deaths" and an "illegal" war.