Here are the extracted sentences:

1. "The army is apologizing because it is trying to dampen the negative propaganda generated by this act."
2. "Our troops are in the middle of a large population engaged in a civil war of our making, and chock full of anti-american nutters whom we can't tell apart form the general population many of which from all sides who have a very real fetish for the Koran."
3. "I didn't really mean 'free' as in 'the law allows it' so much as my own personal belief that people can do what they want even if I disagree with it, provided it doesn't hurt anyone else."
4. "If the law doesn't allow (whatever) then they're free to do (whatever) and risk facing the consequences of the law."
5. "I'm sure there are other countries with equal amount of hard working, educated, well-to-do citizens more or less so, not to mention with their hand bag of xenophobic nutbags *cough* south korea *cough*. I don't see any distinction to be made so why did you bring up that point?"
6. "Iraq was co-operating, the US (and UK) claimed they were not, turns out the US and UK were wrong (the UK government has said as much)."
7. "Now, before the WMD's we were told that Saddam was helping with Islamic terrorism, trying to obtain nuclear material, killing masses of his own people and threatening the security of Europe (the 45 minute claim)."
8. "All of this was has so far been found to be false, what seems to be true is that Saddam was a shit, repressed his own people, (although it's worse there now...) pissed off the US and was sat on a lot of oil."
9. "Oh, and it turns out the sanctions regime didn't work either, the UN and Saddam managed to turn Iraq from a secular, modern (if undemocratic) state into a mild disaster with its sanctions  (There are somewhere in the area of half a million dead children due to this)."
10. "Now Iraq lies in ruins, it may not recover in the next 100 years, its not because of Saddam, or Islam, or WMD's or Terrorism, its because the US and allies destroyed what was left of Iraq on the basis of lies and deceit, there is no justification for this, the deaths and destruction are not the Iraqis fault, they are the US and its allies fault."
11. "Persians claim to be Persian because of their cultural and linguistic heritage. They are an distinct ethnic group wholly separate from Arabs by any measure of such things."