Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. Well as I'm quite a fan of Hitchens and he loathes Pipes I'm more than willing to be so shallow as to believe the worst of Pipes.
2. Now take out the Bosnian numbers, because they are Caucasian and not Semites.
3. There's a long, long history of white men raping black women in this country, and the authorities looking the other way.
4. Many black people in poor communities have learned that the police aren't there to protect them, especially when the offender is white.
5. Black victims of rape/sexual assault: 0% of offenders were white, 100% were black.
6. The response rate was 90.7% of eligible households and 84.3% of eligible individuals.
7. It's still kind of a stunning statistic, but it's not as stunning as zero out of 37k would be.
8. What about the Duke case? It seems that pretty much everybody, of whatever color, was willing to believe that a bunch of drunken frat boys raped a black stripper.
9. Just looked up stormfront...just the fact that you know it exists, makes you more of an idiot than I took you for.
10. You make a very good point.
11. My response is that Islam is an idea without implementation, but it is the culture that chooses how to express it, good or evil.
12. Fundamentalist christians in the south claim to truly read the bible more than catholics (no seriously, my friends were this), but often ignore the parts that don't fit their beliefs.
13. There is no official minimum wage in Denmark. Welfare and taxes sets as a defacto minimum wage though ie. few people want to get less post-tax income by getting a job.
14. uh-huh. typical fat american boy. if you consider that place to be holy water you need more help than i care to give you.
15. We don't have 20% taking a university degree, more like 5%.  The "college" number is likely those studies that require 9+3 years of basic schooling.
16. No, 12 people convicted them.  I am part of society and I had nothing to do with it.
17. "It's when Israel or Muslims hit the frontpage, actually."  
muslim internet megaphone? - sorry, but that doesn't exist.