Here is a summary of the original text, consisting of sentences copied verbatim:

All the money in the world can't buy a decent fresh tamale or chorizo+egg burrito in London.

The English especially enjoy the way Lakshmi Mittal doesn't have to pay any taxes due to being non-domicile. Only working English people have to pay taxes - not the business owners.

Long live capitalism and let's all hope I get some of that wealth before I retire.

The rich get richer in all financial climates.

Especially wars. That's how the Rothschilds got rich. They would start a war and finance both sides.

Awesome

You can't get decent Mexican food in a country with a Mexican population of basically zero?

Um, that's a little bit unfair.

If you have enough diversified investment it is hard to not profit from war.

Well the obvious solution is to tax the fuck out of them. Why reward hard work and risk taking when you can simply have the state take their capital and piss it away by shelling it out to the masses?

In any capitalist system the rich will always get richer. The whole idea of capitalism is invested capital begetting more capital.

Bill Gates doing the world a massive favor? By driving competitors out of business and depriving consumer choice in everything from web browsers to spreadsheets to word processors?

Do you understand the finer details of the broken window fallacy?

The biggest windfall is that of the glazier, secondly companies having the glazier as a customer.

As you go down the chain it becomes an expense to society (shop keeper and his customers).

That's hard to do considering they own more politicians.

Then you support the violent redistribution of wealth. This makes you a corrupt person. What if the hard working prosperous family refuses to give up half of its assets to the government when an inheritance is about to take place. So you support the state throwing the family into a rape room (prison) if they don't adhere to your socialist economic policy. And if said family resists going to prison they will be shot by the state.

This is true, but it leaves out any gray area. It's absolutely true with a 100% capitalist system. It's up to the government to turn back the dial on the capitalistic freedom, when the rich become too powerful.

I take your downvotes as a badge of honor.

In any capitalist system everyone tends to get richer.

What is it about Americans and their lack of tastebuds?

Of course, it ought to be pointed out that this is completely wrong.