Here are the selected sentences, copied verbatim from the original text, separated by newlines:

Well aren't you special.
Oh yeah -- and nuclear power is clean power.

Uh-ohs, people swim in that lake. It's also one of the largest fresh water resources in North America. Well, not so much anymore, I guess.

Cameco: "The one that leads into the lake.."

CNR: "Lake Ontario..... One of the five Great Lakes of North America, Lake Ontario?"

Don't call me buddy, comrade

Yeah, look at all those people swimming!

No, wait...they're all just sitting on the beach. Which is the same thing you'll find on virtually every Lake Ontario beach.

Where in the article does it say it is a negligible amount? I couldn't find any such description of how much was leaked. In fact, I only found mention of a plan to discover the extent. Large amounts of low grade radiation is dangerous too.

And what about the arsenic and fluorides?

I think it kinda has to be negligible compared to the volume of Lake Ontario.

Pardon my ignorance, but how can that be possible?  Lake Erie feeds into Lake Ontario.  So wouldn't all the pollution of Lake Erie pass through Lake Ontario, as well as all pollutants that originate in Lake Ontario directly?

You would think that logic would hold true. However I lived in Buffalo for some time. And it was quite apparent which lake was cleaner.

This is important, and it deserves an article, but it's certainly not much worse than other pollutants that are entering the lake.  Unfortunately people still give radiation its own special place, where it's always extremely bad, rather than considering it a "normal" pollutant that can have various degrees of severity.

It's that kind of thinking that has polluted large lakes and rivers.

http://www.walrusmagazine.com/articles/2008.03-environment-radiation-pollution/

Cooling. Most industrial processes, including nuclear power generation, throw off excess heat. It's difficult to get rid of heat, as a general rule. The solution is to find a big source of cold water (lakes, rivers), and pump the water through a heat exchanger. The slightly warmer water then goes back into the lake/river, which (if it's big enough) will dissipate the heat into the environment.

Note that it has nothing to do with heavy water, like silout posted. Heavy water is used inside the reactor as a moderator, but the heavy water circuit is not connected with the light water circuit (i.e. the one that plugs into the river/lake).

Seems like a design flaw to me.

A lake full of heavy water? Sounds interesting.

You mean like the fine Exxon keeps forgetting to pay?

Lock up the CEO and see how long it takes to get paid :-)