Here are the selected sentences in order, separated by newlines:

Yesterday, I thought they simply ratcheted up the ticket checking when I saw these guys with M4 carbines and German Shepherds. They were handing out fliers announcing the yellow terror level. This whole situation just seems surreal and dystopian.

Sounds *exactly* like France was when I was there a couple years ago. Full-camo wearing, M4 holding soldiers all over the place. It was creepy as hell. People: please don't let our country come to that =/

Before I clicked on the link I just imagined that he would look like one of the Nazi soldiers with an MP44.  Turns out reality is not much different.

The ultimate in 'look like youre doing something'. I dont think a lack of firepower is the problem here.

I wonder just how long it takes before these Uber-troopers get bored and switch to using  drug sniffing hounds in the name of the Fatherland? Maybe New York can resurrect some of those old "Rockerfeller Laws". Twenty years for an ounce should keep the subways sufficiently free of ridership to keep the Tom's of Finland crowd happy.

&gt;Yesterday, I thought they simply ratcheted up the ticket checking when I saw these guys with M4 carbines and German Shepherds. They were handing out fliers announcing the yellow terror level. This whole situation just seems surreal and dystopian.

Well it would give me an excuse to be carrying my full auto guns around.

For the record, M4 Carbine Rifles and MP5 Submachine Guns are not machine guns. They are rifles and submachine guns. There is a big difference.

I'd hate to run into one of these teams near the end of one of their 12-hour shifts.

Right. That's what they did in London. Stormed the tube with machine guns. LOL

It is for other reason that many police forces have the desire to upgrade to something more powerful.

The *only* people I'm scared of in our society are the cops.

Yeah, you try that.

I haven't seen a single tiger on the subway since they started using it.

Cops make people safe? The *only* people I'm scared of in our society are the cops.

In reality, this will make the good people of New York no safer, it will simply project a feeling of safety at best.