Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

The purpose of the suit was to harass and embarrass the kid, and to turn his parents against him. It was probably successful.
*"The purpose of the suit is to harass and discourage rather than win."*

-- LRH
Just to clarify, the Church of Scientology did not have much to do with this.

"With intent to cause a person harassment, alarm or distress, displays any writing, sign or other visible representation which is threatening, abusive or insulting, thereby causing that or another person harassment, alarm or distress"

"Yes.
That is such a fucked up law, even if it wasn't enforceable in this case.

"Section 5 of the Public Order Act (1986), makes it an offense to display a sign which is threatening, insulting or abusive, within the hearing or sight of someone likely to be caused harassment, alarm or distress by it."

He had his liberty deprived for a time, his DNA was probably harvested for the National DNA database, and he no doubt has a permanent record on the PNC Database - which alone will restrict him from certain types of employment.

"Security Jobs in Britain? Nah, he'd be fine. I mean, we're giving airport security jobs to illegal immigrants in Britain...

"The protester referred to a previous High Court ruling that Scientology was a cult, which completely blows away the idea that calling them a cult is in any circumstances illegal."

Several members of the City of London police have accepted gifts from Scientology.

"Security and certain types of ICT employment."

"This is an incredibly bad law.
The LibDem British government.
What? The current government is a Labour government."

Slander and libel laws still apply. You can speak your mind, but if you pass off false information as if it's true with the intent of attacking someone, not even the ACLU can help you.

"It's a pretty awful extension of the crime of harassment to one-off instances.
They didn't make the complaint, they didn't communicate with the guy, or have any say in whether to press charges."

The CPS are the only people at fault here, to make this silly legal decision and then reverse it a few days after it got all the negative media attention.

"My point exactly."