Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

China and India are risking a lot investing in Africa, though they claim to have learned from whites how not to treat the locals.

The US has gigantic subsidies for wind, solar, and biomass. There are 54 cent per gallon subsidies for ethanol and a mandate which requires fuel providers to use billions of gallons of ethanol a year.

Venture capitalists like John Doerr and Vinod Khosla are investing billions looking for alternative energy sources.

Oil is above $100 a barrel. Everyone wants to figure out new, cheap fuel to capture some of the trillions being spent on oil.

Let me just solve the energy crisis for you ok? Electric cars powered by a bigger energy grid, fueled by solar panels and wind generators. Crisis solved.

I lived on a sailboat in the Caribbean for two years - my diesel engine died, I had only two solar panels, a wind generator, and a 4D battery... this was plenty.

When I was 16, some dude in Wyoming built an electric car that could go 120 miles on one charge... this was plenty - that was 30 years ago, I'm not kidding.

It's not a fucking crisis... it's just the spread of common fucking sense. That's all we need - common sense.

The real crisis is stupidity.

Buy some solar panels - you'll be amazed. Cost to brew a pot of coffee? Nothing. Cost to run a fan? Nothing. Cost to run your computer? Nothing. Cost to run your Internet connection? Nothing.

One Solar panel can provide enough electricity for your computer, your router, your coffee pot, and your fan. One.... $300.00, that's all it takes. ONE.

Proof? Exxon - $37 billion profits 4th quarter of 2007. Thirty-Seven Billion Dollars. Fucking Thirty-Seven Billion dollars... $37 billion... do you know how much that is?

I'm searching for alternative energy right now.

We have alternative energy right now. It's called Nuclear Fuckin' Power.

The waste nuclear plants make will remain lethal for thousands of years.

A malfunction/error at one of the plants could result in a worse disaster than a malfunction/error at any other kind of power station.

The fuel and the plants are both prime terrorist targets.

Oh god not that again.