Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

One sometimes wonders whether President Thabo Mbeki is driven by demons or whether he is motivated by a perverse desire to humiliate his most loyal apologists - or both.

Early last week Business Day published a letter by Essop Pahad's special advisor, Tony Heard in which Heard spoke of his "unshakeable belief that mediator Thabo Mbeki has, more than anyone else, pushed Zimbabwe, be it quietly, towards a return from deepening hell."

He suggested that Mbeki was secretly working away to resolve the crisis. "Yes, events in Zimbabwe are awful and unacceptable, but stay tuned. Diplomacy takes time."

This statement flies in the face of the request by MDC leader, Morgan Tsvangirai, for the poll to be supervised by international observers led by the UN.

It also happens to be in almost complete conformity with Zanu-PF's line on the matter.

The government controlled Sunday Mail (Harare) reported yesterday that indications were that the Zanu-PF government would not bow to demands for international supervision of the poll, "and only the AU, SADC, countries from Asia and a few selected European countries would observe and monitor the elections."

The article quoted the permanent secretary in the Ministry of Information and Publicity, George Charamba as saying:

"The Zimbabwe case illustrates perfectly that Africa and the Third World are capable of delivering a clean poll. The British and Americans cannot accept the results of the just-ended harmonised polls and at the same time claim any inadequacies in any African observation and election monitoring. They cannot accept the result and disparage the agency that made that result possible."

On Friday Mbeki travelled to Harare for a meeting with Mugabe.

Once again he was photographed walking hand-in-hand with Mugabe with a rather contented expression on his face.

The Herald (Harare) led its Saturday edition with the equally pleased headline "President meets Mbeki."

The newspaper described Mbeki's itinerary as follows:

"President Mbeki arrived at the Harare International Airport yesterday morning where he was met by President Mugabe, senior Government officials, service chiefs and diplomats before proceeding to State House. The two leaders held closed-door talks for about three hours before President Mbeki visited the South African Ambassador's residence in Highlands... President Mbeki returned to State House for a brief meeting with Cde Mugabe before departing for the airport, where he was seen off by the President, Defence Minister Cde Sydney Sekeramayi, Cde Goche, State Security Minister Cde Didymus Mutasa and service chiefs."