Here are the selected sentences:

Oh really? How is the war in Afghanistan just?
It hasn't been just for years.
if it wasn't just then why would ron paul support it you fucktard
> Please don't: Editorialize in the headlines.

Yeah, that will help our economy and world relations.
Uh, you guys are kind of missing the point. It's being built to make the prisoners' conditions better since there are too many to turn over to the Afghan government quickly, and conditions at the current facility are even worse than at Gitmo.

So rather than prosecute the current inmates or actually press charges, the U.S. wants to build more prisons to house even more inmates?

Nothing like the heavy hand of the law to win the hearts of the Afghanis..

And I am sure some of the strongest Bush campaign supporters are the people who will be getting the contracts to build those prisons.

And you can bet your bottom dollar it will be the new location for CIA black ops against American citizens when they "rendition" them.

Some people need to be in prison till they die.

The U.S. needs to lay down a few laws on its own people though.

American citizens are not allowed to torture.

American citizens are not allowed to let someone be tortured through inaction.

American citizens are not allowed to contract out torture to non-Americans.

Torture is to be classified as something you wouldn't want done to yourself or a loved one. Yes, waterboarding is torture, so is being held without charges for years on end.

1. American citizens are not allowed to torture.
2. American citizens are not allowed to let someone be tortured through inaction.
3. American citizens are not allowed to contract out torture to non-Americans.
4. Torture is to be classified as something you wouldn't want done to yourself or a loved one.

Isn't everything cheaper in Afghanistan? Aren't labor and materials cheaper?

yes- it is in a different part of the world, but we are there for the same reasons-

Good.  I hope we righteous Christians can convert some of those heathens to see the light of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.  Let us pray for them.

NO! The government that was behind 911 was THE US GOVERNMENT!!!! WAKE UP SHEEEPLE!!!!

The Taliban had exactly nothing to do with the WTC incident--it you think so, I'd like to see a cite.