Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

The granting is worth its weight in gold in government propaganda that all arabs and persians are dogs.

I, however know better.
too bad so much of america does not.

the enemy you should be afraid of is the pieces of shit from Israel running your country.

here's some more compelling reasons for asylum from a psychotic country hell bent on your murder-

http://www.plnewsforum.com/index.php/forums/viewthread/33084/P0/

http://www.rockymountainnews.com/news/2008/may/02/no-forewarning-exchange-student-would-seek-asylum/

etc.. etc...

How you doing, you ragheaded camel-jockey?

You'll be pleased to know that I used The Holy Quran for target practice this morning.

After that, I took a dump and used some of the pages to wipe shit from my ass.

PS - Muhammad was a child-molesting pervert.

PPS - We all know that Yasser Arafat was a homo who took it up the ass and died of AIDS. Did you ever do him? What was it like?

I seriously can't gather from your seemingly random stream of consciousness what the hell you are talking about.  I honestly can't even follow it.  I think that if you even had a train of thought, it must have derailed.  Seriously, what the hell is wrong with you?

You're not evil. Backwards and barbaric. "Evil" is a cop-out.

Propaganda doesn't have to be aimed at the already-convinced. It can be aimed at the unconvinced. As would be the case here.

I'm all for civil liberties for gay people, but why are the only gay people our government and the british seem to care about always the gay people in the countries we are about to blow up?  The gay issue and its importance seems to correlate almost perfectly with the likelihood that we will blow up a country killing women and children with cluster bombs, or even nuclear weapons for no good reason.

I shouldn't think about science so much.

They are only evil because they told us that over and over again.  There are cultures doing things ten times worse that we support because they do what we want them to.  It has nothing to do with freedom, or democracy, or liberalism.  It's nothing but cold calculating global strategy.

Thank you Britain for letting in anyone and everyone into the country.

Iran isn't evil

Maybe something to the extent that this is good news?  That the last article frontpaged about this case was terrible (it was about the netherlands denying him asylum, and therefore condemning him to death due to his sexuality)?

Suggestion: the US could improve the human rights situation through domestic policy first, then it wouldn't have to be a hypocrit when criticising other countries.

That is the dumbest comment I will read all week.

I'm not saying individual Americans are ignorant and racist.
I'm not saying individual Iranians are homophobically evil.

Read your constitution.