Original Response:
Hypothetically speaking, what would it be like to travel to another galaxy? Would you essentially be travelling through a huge void?  If traveling to Andromeda, would you be able to see it during most of the journey?  

Essentially, I'm trying to visualize this as well as my human brain will allow it.
Yes, you would be travelling through a huge void.

The sky would get progressively less and less starry over the millions of years, as you slowly leave the disc of our galaxy (all the stars we see with the naked eye are within our galaxy). 

The sky would be fairly uninteresting for the hundreds of millions of years it would take to get there - every light in the sky would be a nearby galaxy, and they will be faint and distant compared to the stars we see at night. 

You'd get a great view of what is hiding behind the galactic centre though :)
For some reason, this is kind of unnerving.
What do you mean "what is hiding behind the galactic centre"? Do we suspect there something there we can't see within our own galaxy?
Well, the area of extragalactic sky behind it is obscured by all the dust. We don't have any reason to suspect that there would be anything behind it, but it's like the dark side of the moon (on a *much* bigger scale) - we just don't really know.
I think that was a joke about the hidden "earth-like" planet behind the Sun that crackpots believe in.
The distance between galaxies is only about 20 times the size of a galaxy, while say the distance between stars in our galaxy is roughly 10^4 times the size of our solar system.  You would still be able to see the galaxy.  You can see the bulge of [Andromeda](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andromeda_Galaxy) (closest spiral galaxy) that is 2.5 M-ltyr away with the naked eye on a clear night, though the entire galaxy would appear 6 times the size of the full moon (but is too dim to see from within our galaxy without a telescope).

Note, due to relativity, even if we could somehow travel interstellar and then intergalactic distances (this is a huge *if*) without inventing some sort of time machine, people on earth would have to wait over 5 million years to hear back from people who travelled to Andromeda.  However, due to relativity "time dilation/length contraction" it would be possible to travel this distance in your life time if you had some way to safely accelerate/decelerate to the necessary speeds.  (There are closer dwarf galaxies though).
&gt; (all the stars we see with the naked eye are within our galaxy)

Wait, you mean *individual* stars, right? I thought we could see galaxies with the naked eye, but with the naked eye, they look pretty much like stars.
The dark matter is fairly continuous between galaxies though.
Never heard that before, and would be interested how that was measured.  Source?  (Was this wmap stuff?)

I know that the distribution of mass within a galaxy stays flat even when we stop seeing visible stars from measured galactic rotation curves, but that dark matter still needs to be gravitationally bound to a galaxy, right?
Basically there's research to suggest that galactic dark matter halos are merging. Here's a paper.

http://adsabs.harvard.edu/full/1993MNRAS.264..201K

I imagine gravitational microlensing is the current observational tool of choice.
Andromeda kinda looks like a fuzzy blob with the naked eye.  Though I also do not have the best eyesight.
Intergalactic travel is impossible to experience for human beings in the flesh. In order to crossover within reasonable (decades) subjective time frame you need to accelerate to very high relativistic speeds in order to experience sufficient time dilation. The result is not your grandfather's universe 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdFJ76frqdk

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQnHTKZBTI4&amp;NR=1

Intergalactic space is not entirely void, so at such high relativistic speeds the interstellar/intergalactic gas is equivalent to standing in a relativistic (mostly) proton beam, which will need serious shielding or you'll absorb lethal amount of radiation in a very short time.

All this would require a lot of mass (at a guess, at least a kiloton) and hence ridiculous amounts of energy to accelerate it, and deccelerate it. It would take a fair fraction of a galaxy's entire output to get that much power.

Solid state based beings have much less mass (a kg goes a very long way, you only need a fraction of a star's output to accelerate), can be encoded and serialized either as a relativistic pellet or signal stream, and either have zero subjective time travel or suitably adjusted time base, repair in transit and redundancy (so if you hit that rare pebble, you don't emulate a nuke).
They look like extended fuzzy blobs, while stars are point sources.
No, I was totally serious. The smiley face may have ruined the effect.

But there is about a 10-20 degree-wide band around the extragalactic sky which is invisible because of dust obscuration from our own Galaxy. One of the reasons we can't see the Great Attractor very well is that it is partially hidden (see the long blue arrow in the bottom right)

http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7d/2MASS_LSS_chart-NEW_Nasa.jpg
The Andromeda galaxy is visible as a faint hazy spot in the sky.  At magnitude 4, it is about as bright as the faintest stars you can see from a typical city.  So you could see your destination for the whole trip.

As you left our galaxy, stars in the direction Andromeda would start to thin out, and concentrate in the direction of Virgo, until you could see the entire galaxy in that direction.  Free of dust lanes, you could see the galactic core, and many of the Milky Way's satellite galaxies.

Andromeda would continue to grow in brightness...at the half way point, you see just a few bright fuzzy patches.  Andromeda and the Milky Way would be at magnitude 2, about as bright as the North Star, and occupy several degrees of your sky.  Nearby Triangulum would was be fairly bright, about how Andromeda appears from earth.

But that would it for most of the trip...2 fuzzy patches slowly growing brighter, and one growing dimmer, and maybe a few other really faint ones.

As you neared Andromeda, it would be the reverse of leaving the Milky Way.  You would have good views of the entire galaxy and its satellites, until it grew to occupy much of the sky.  Then you would enter the galaxy proper and its obscuring dust lanes, and get a view similar to earth.
Except we can send probes to the far (not always dark ;) ) side of the moon. :D
It's a fuzzy blob with good eyesight, binoculars, and small telescopes as well. I'm not sure how much aperture/magnification you would need to see the largest stars in the Andromeda galaxy.

Summary:
You would still be able to see the galaxy.
Would you essentially be travelling through a huge void?
The dark matter is fairly continuous between galaxies though.
I'm not sure how much aperture/magnification you would need to see the largest stars in the Andromeda galaxy.
If traveling to Andromeda, would you be able to see it during most of the journey?
