Original Response:
If we didn't live together in tribes and were true solo animals. If, when a predator surprised us, would my eyebrows raise and eyes get wider? If a lovely hairy birthing-hipped woman approached and touched me, would I smile a bit and close my eyes slightly?
I'm sure someone much more qualified than myself (who is not at all qualified and will therefore be downvoted) will give you a better, more thorough answer eventually, but for now I will say that many facial expressions are mostly natural, although we can consciously change them.

To address one part of your question directly, a widening of the eyes makes perfect sense when threatened by a predator.  Better vision might help you survive, yes?   Observe a cat or a dog for a bit and you will see the same behavior.

You can also personally observe facial reactions in infants.  Even newborns will smile or frown.

Lastly, certain facial expressions are common throughout the world and have the same meaning.   The six classic facial expressions are Joy
Surprise, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness (As defined by Paul Ekman in '72).  The list was later expanded.

Although obviously dated, I recommend reading Darwins "The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals" if you are at all interested in the subject.   You could also look up Paul Ekman's work, some of which was rather controversial in anthropological circles at the time of publishing (mainly his earlier papers).
Not only that, but the fact that we can correctly interpret emotions via facial expression and body language in our sibling Great Apes should tell you what the answer is. :-)
Facial expressions are a mix of natural and learned behavior. But a surprising amount of it is natural. I'm by no means an expert but behavioral biology does touch on it.

A few common ones are fairly subtle. When spotting friends people have a tendency to raise their eyebrows by way of greeting for instance. Irregardless of whether or not further social interaction occurs, that eyebrow raise is nearly universal across all cultures from Western people to African bushmen.

Smiles are also pretty universal. In some cultures it might be common to hide or restrain public shows of emotion but a genuine smile (or scowl for that matter) looks the same the world over.
Scientists previously approached solitary tribes (cut off from civilization) and found that they use the exact same facial expression as ours. 

Furthermore, this also created a feedback effect, ie, the expressions further intensified our emotions. 

Similar facial expressions have also been observed in primates in the wild. 

So these observations highly favor "natural" over "cultural".
http://www.physorg.com/news149750277.html
&gt;San Francisco State University Psychology Professor David Matsumoto compared the facial expressions of sighted and blind judo athletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics and Paralympic Games. More than 4,800 photographs were captured and analyzed, including images of athletes from 23 countries.
"The statistical correlation between the facial expressions of sighted and blind individuals was almost perfect," Matsumoto said. "This suggests something genetically resident within us is the source of facial expressions of emotion."
Isn't it generally accepted that a smile by any other primate is actually a threat display in the natural world? I'm sure many expressions have similar meanings but I wonder if there are any more which have radically different natural interpretations.
True, but for example, raising one's eyebrows as if to say "hey, I know you" is common through the great apes. Try it at a zoo sometime!
They are a little of both. The show Lie to Me is based around the real life fact that [microexpresions](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microexpression) show throughout all humans. If you look at these many more conscious expressions can be seen to be related or based off of them.
They have done multiple studies for this.
The conclusion was that facial expressions are exactly the same.
But then can still be a miscommunication.
&gt;Rather than distributing their fixations evenly across the face as Westerners do, Eastern observers persistently fixate the eye region.

[Interpretation of facial expressions](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0960982209014778)
Due do this small difference there can be a miscommunication even if the face look somewhat the same.
[deleted]
&gt;exact same facial expression 

Define.
&gt; Isn't it generally accepted that a smile by any other primate is actually a threat display in the natural world?

Many animals, actually. (Yeah, those hippos yawning towards you? That's probably not a yawn.)

"See my teeth? Yeah, they're nice and big and sharp, watch yourself and back off."
If a simple Wikipedia summary (with citations) will [suffice](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facial_expression#Universality_debate).

Edit: Essentially, facial expressions which represent basic emotional response.
&gt; Isn't it generally accepted that a smile by any other primate is actually a threat display

I've heard this about showing your teeth (which most humans do with large smiles), but not about smiling in general.
&gt; Eastern observers persistently fixate the eye region.

Side notes: 

* If you watch anime there's often amazing detail devoted to the eyes and you can usually tell a character's emotion based solely on the eyes. The mouths are often much simpler and sometimes express no emotion.
* Same holds true for their emoticons like  O\_o, \^\_\^ or ;_; where happiness or sadness is denoted by the eyes.
I don't have references for this, but I was told by a psychology of emotions and motivation professor that "smiling" showing teeth is generally a threat, but smiling without showing teeth (stretching the lip corners upward) is a sign of submission for primates.
Good question.  If my general understanding of biology and child/brain development is correct, there are a lot of things that are more "instinctual" than learned and a lot of things that are the opposite.  Some people are the way they are (their thoughts and everything) more due to biology than development and vice versa as well.  

On the predator issue, however, if we're raised in a healthy and "normal" way, I'd say that our natural instinct is typically to survive and fear danger.  I reckon large animals fall into the "instinctually scary" category more often than not.
Some expressions are certainly natural. If you're interested, look at some of Steiner's work on the gusto-facial reflex. Basically, he took babies immediately after they had been born (with parental consent, of course) and gave them sall amounts of tastants that were bitter, sour, sweet, etc. He found that children displayed very typical responses to different tastants (ex. lip-smacking after a sweet tastant), and even later went on to show that these same behaviours can be seen in other primate infants.

Summary:
Similar facial expressions have also been observed in primates in the wild.
Isn't it generally accepted that a smile by any other primate is actually a threat display in the natural world?
Facial expressions are a mix of natural and learned behavior.
&gt; Isn't it generally accepted that a smile by any other primate is actually a threat display in the natural world?
&gt;exact same facial expression 

Define.
The conclusion was that facial expressions are exactly the same.
Some expressions are certainly natural.
