Original Response:
Based on my experience people who have lived most their life with limited hearing sound very a like. I assume it has something to do with being unable to hear their voice properly while learning to speak, but is that truly the only reason for such a uniform similarity in sound?
Audiologist here. This is a rather complex issue to explain... It really depends on how bad the hearing loss is and at what frequencies . People with mild hearing losses generally will not sound any different from people with normal hearing. Hearing loss can span many frequencies, however, the most important frequencies for speech perception and clarity are the high frequencies (sounds such as 't', 's', 'f' 'p' etc), low frequencies often consist of vowel sounds. People with significant hearing impairment in the high frequencies (which is the majority of hearing losses) will not hear these high frequency parts of speech. To explain it simply, the development of speech usually involves the correct processing and replication of sounds that we hear from the environment around us. People with significant hearing impairments from birth (who have not had proper hearing re/habilitation) never hear these high frequency parts of speech, and will often only hear the lower frequency components. Because these high frequency sounds are never heard, they are not replicated, and therefore, speech develops abnormally. That is why when you listen to a deaf or significantly hearing impaired person speak, their speech will lack clarity because they are not able to correctly replicate the high frequency components of each word. 

It is important to note however, that thanks to newborn hearing screening and intervention, (not limited to but including cochlear implants), people with significant hearing impairments from birth will nowadays develop speech that is very close or equal to that of normally hearing people (provided that re/habilitation is accepted).
part-time ASL teacher and Deaf community volunteer here.

Question:

As an audiologist do you come into direct medical contact with people who have chosen to have implants either later in life or at birth?

I was wondering if you think that attitudes towards the implants have been changing recently as they have improved dramatically in the last few years.

I've heard a wide range of things from the Deaf community -- many of them with Deaf children, but also hearing parents with Deaf children. It seems like there is still a lot of resistance to them, but mostly because it was in the past been treated much like the Aural method of 'educating' the Deaf was 100 years ago -- as lifting 'disabled' people from their stunted lives and 'freeing' them from what is still largely not understood to be a vibrant culture with it's own completely legitimate language.
I would like to believe that those attitudes are shifting (esp. with Gallaudet University now having a Deaf president and ASL being recognized as a formal language), and along with them the Deaf communities receptiveness to the implants...but i have not been in a position to actually determine this.

What are your thoughts? How is it treated/looked upon by the rehabilitators and the families?
I have actually come into contact both with children who had them implanted at a few months of age, and with people who decided to get them later on in life. Generally, those who get implanted later on are people who are postlingually deaf.

I am also aware of the Deaf community's stance on implants, because I have been lucky enough to have had involvement with people in the Deaf community while I was learning sign language.

in my experience (I'm from Australia), the Deaf community appears to be rather split on the issue, as do Audiologists. Some Deaf people don't care either way and consider the choice to receive an implant as a personal one. Some on the other hand are very against it (for reasons which I am sure you are familiar with). 

In Australia, there are many different schools of thought among the medical community as to the proper form of auditory habilitation. There is a big focus of Auditory Verbal Therapy, which is all about getting the child to utilise whatever hearing they may have, with a de-emphasis on speech reading and sign language. This (I believe) has caused the main upset in the Deaf community because AVT focuses solely on being a hearing person in a hearing world, when in reality the child is still Deaf. There are however a number of Audiologists and Speech Pathologists who prefer a the Total Communication approach (myself included). This therapy includes auditory training as well as sign language and lip reading. So far there is no real evidence that suggests AVT or Total Communication is better than the other.

Generally, Audiologists and Speech Pathologists take the approach that every family is different and what matters is that the child receives some form of language input (whether it be spoken or signed). 

Although, parents are encouraged to implant their child asap. This is, however, not to try and force them into one particular lifestyle, but to ensure that their child has the best opportunity to develop speech. If the auditory nerves do not get stimulated early on, they begin to atrophy, decreasing the child's chances to develop adequate speech and language. If left too late, it will be very unlikely that the implantee will develop useful speech perception. In fact, prelingually deaf adults will most likely be refused implantation because their chances of the implant working for them are so low.

This push to implant when young is often misinterpreted by members of the Deaf community as Audiologists trying to force a particular lifestyle on them.

Despite this, I do feel that there is more acceptance among the Deaf community towards CI's, and Audiologists learn during their university training that the Deaf community has a vibrant culture with legitimate language. So there appears to be greater acceptance among both communities of each other. Hope that my answer helps :)
Thanks a lot -- that was exactly the sort of answer I was looking for. 
I appreciate the response.

Good to hear there are such capable people like yourself doing this :) .
Thanks :) Glad that I was able to provide a good answer for you :)

Summary:
Generally, those who get implanted later on are people who are postlingually deaf.
Good to hear there are such capable people like yourself doing this :) .
Based on my experience people who have lived most their life with limited hearing sound very a like.
People with significant hearing impairment in the high frequencies (which is the majority of hearing losses) will not hear these high frequency parts of speech.
