Original Response:
[deleted]
[deleted]
There is no evolutionary mountain, no up, no goal. I'm not going to get into that though.

Regarding Caucasian skin, yumcheesecake has probably part of it, less sun, less vit. D, so you need to be able to absorb more, which is easier with lighter skin.

I think another aspect is costs. Making that much melanin takes energy. If you don't need that much melanin, someone who produces less has more energy for other things and is thus more fit.
Hmm now you've got me wondering. I never said there's a goal per se but I thought that evolution was a constantly "improving/enhancing" method. Here's the [video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUOpaFVgKPw) I was talking about from Dawkins (whom I guess up until now I thought to be infallible :P). So how *does* it work then (not looking for a psychotically long explanation, more something simple)? I know it's not just completely random but tries to improve. Kind of like in that video i linked to, the eye went from a patch of light sensing cells to developing a cone to focus the light and adding a lens and such. Feel free to completely ridicule my inevitably incorrect sense on how this works :P
Because lighter skin allows you to photosynthesize Vitamin D, though the most important factor is glutathione.

EDIT: Sorry, got that wrong from memory. It's folate. http://www.pnas.org/content/107/suppl.2/8962.full
Evolution basically continually optimizes your body for your current environment by eliminating individuals with genes that make them less suitable.

It is not an idealistic process (e.g. it will not turn us into supermen) but rather opportunistic: it is mostly interested in you staying alive long enough to attract a mate, have kids, and, in some animals like humans, raise them to independence.

**EDIT:** Consider computer games. A lot of them are made. Most are crappy. The few good ones (the ones that make the most money) all get sequels and other new games are made to look and feel like the successful ones (reproduction), but with slight variation (mutation) which might make them more successful or less successful. This process is then repeated.

Occasionally a really innovative game comes along (Portal) and becomes successful. (A new species arrives at our ecosystem and dominates it.) This game will then spawn sequels (Portal 2). Offspring will be had.
No need to ridicule!

I risk downvoting, but Dawkins is a bit militaristic, pounding against creationism etc... and I understand why. Its important to not simplify things too much though. Essentially everything said in that video is good, although 'mount improbable' makes me angry, its a terrible metaphor that really confuses the issue I think.

Natural selection always improving is essentially true, but it is more complex that simply getting 'better', its all relative, depending on so many complex factors that its difficult to be sure you have the right interpretation.

In the eye example: More complex eyes are not always better, and this tragectory is not as simple as projected. Lens eyes have arisen at least twice, but how do you quantify best? Many cave organisms have lost or simplified their light sensing organs. Insects do not have lens eyes, but are one of the most successful groups using many metrics. Are they 'stuck' on a lower peak? NO.
The Nautilus is not stuck on a lower peak either. There are other possibilities for the pinhole eye. 1. The mutations required to change the eye structure have not arisen. 2. A more 'complex' eye requires more interpretation, a larger brain, more energy which is not feasible in their current environment (Deep sea). 3. Nautilus survive just fine with their current eye, and no improvement is necessary.

Natural selectionis survival of the fit enough, not the fittest. As long as you survive and reproduce, you are fit. You don't have to be the best, only good enough. If you are a sickly gazelle, but don't get eaten, your genes are passed on. You are defined as fit despite not actually being fit.

Another big aspect is chance. Natural selection can only act on existing variation, if a 'better' mutation doesn't appear, then the species cannot improve. If the environment is too variable/not variable enough, overall better mutations cannot arise because they are not best in the short term.


Its also about cost and benefit: Larger children survive better, but large children are more likely to damage/kill their mothers - Its a constant battle between mother and child. What is 'best'? Where's the peak?

This doesn't begin to start on a whole other kettle of fish that is epigenetics!

Please ask some questions as I'm not sure I made any sense. 

I just hate that people have to be taught a simplistic view of such an amazing and complex process to fight against some anti-intellectual scaredy-cats. There are things that we do not yet understand about evolution, and we cannot start understanding them if we must hide this uncertainty. Uncertainty is science.
Explain the absence of Half-Life 2: Episode 3.
&gt; Explain the absence of Half-Life 2: Episode 3.

http://img4.imageshack.us/f/2472952840b9d42acbffo.jpg/
I had this crazy idea that skin color became lighter in non-equatorial (Northern) climates because they have light for less of the day and it makes it more difficult to recognize faces.  Lighter skin reflects more light, making it easier to do facial recognition even into dusk and beyond.  Any chance there's a grain of truth to this?
I would take a risky guess and say that is WoW. Is this satisfying or are you still hungerish and craving for more children's soles?
[deleted]
Here's a [good article](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/evolution/library/07/3/text_pop/l_073_04.html) about what yumcheesecake is talking about as well as some good pictures showing skin color throughout the planet with relation to latitudinal lines
UV radiation promotes the fabrication of vitamin D, but can also break down vitamin B9 (folic acid), so skin color is something of a balancing act between the two.  Both light and dark skin are "enhancements", allowing humans to adapt to a wider range of sunlight and nutritional conditions.

I read an interesting [article](http://knol.google.com/k/why-are-europeans-white-e1), that asked why very light skinned people evolved only in northern Europe, while most in areas of similar latitude and sunlight did not.

People in lower latitudes had a surplus of sunlight...there skin could get darker, and they could rely on vitamin D deficient food sources provided by agriculture.

People in higher latitudes typically subsisted on meats and fish, because the climate did not support large scale agriculture.  These foods provide ample vitamin D, so no particular skin adaptation was required.

The one exception was northern Europe.  The Gulf Stream created a rare combination of mild climate and high latitude.  The long summer days were great for agriculture, but the dearth of sunlight in the winter would lead to rickets.

In order to exploit agriculture, Europeans needed to get their vitamin D from their scant sunlight as efficiently as possible.  In this environment, the drawbacks of lighter skin, the cancer, the loss of B9, are outweighed by its capacity to produce vitamin D.  So evolutionary pressure selects for lighter skin, a few convenient mutations prove beneficial, and very light skin evolves.

Or so says the article.  This is a little outside my expertise, but it seems to hold together well.
[deleted]
That's how science works.

You start with bad guesses, you test them, you make them better, you eventually get it right.

If having the audacity to address the unknown offends you, perhaps /r/religion is more your speed.
This is an interesting idea and makes sense, but in terms of selective pressure, I think the whole vit D issue is without a doubt the deciding selective factor. 

Also, unless hunting or warring at night, I'm having trouble thinking of a case (not saying there isn't one) where deciphering non-verbal, facial communication subtelties would be advantageous. And in these cases, it might actually be disadvantageous in giving away location to the prey or enemy?
Agreed.
Yeah you're probably right.  The case I had in mind was basically that the sooner and easier you can be recognized as a friend from afar (the lighter your skin), the less likely you are to be killed by an overeager bow &amp; arrow guy or something like that.  But now that I actually write it out (and read your response) it does seem that it would be not that common a thing to happen.

I was also wondering if there might be a way to test this, like if there are different geographical areas which had similar amounts of sun intensity but different amounts of daily light, and see how skin color changed in those different circumstances, but I have no idea how to look into that.
Nice. And you are a panelist. 

So someone says "Hi i have a question" and your reply is "Thats too hard to try and explain. I dont want to talk about it, its like hearing people blab". 

Why did you even reply? 
Why are you a panelist? 

These are the questions we should be asking. 

I just saw a post about how there are 100 panelists. Maybe there should be 99.
Agreed. A panelist my ass.
[deleted]
Here's the 15 min TED video answer, [Nina Jablonski breaks the illusion of skin colour](http://www.ted.com/talks/nina_jablonski_breaks_the_illusion_of_skin_color.html).
Hmm, that is an interesting scenario. I guess I could see the adaptive advantage and selective pressure from that; the only thing I could think is it could be maladaptive if the person wasn't your friend, though then perhaps it could allow for avoidance by both parties (ie the two unfriendly people meeting in the woods).

Summary:
You don't have to be the best, only good enough.
I think another aspect is costs.
I read an interesting [article](http://knol.google.com/k/why-are-europeans-white-e1), that asked why very light skinned people evolved only in northern Europe, while most in areas of similar latitude and sunlight did not.
D, so you need to be able to absorb more, which is easier with lighter skin.
Please ask some questions as I'm not sure I made any sense.
Its important to not simplify things too much though.
The mutations required to change the eye structure have not arisen.
Making that much melanin takes energy.
Because lighter skin allows you to photosynthesize Vitamin D, though the most important factor is glutathione.
You start with bad guesses, you test them, you make them better, you eventually get it right.
If you don't need that much melanin, someone who produces less has more energy for other things and is thus more fit.
