Original Response:
More generally how do genetic traits that occur after the point of reproduction survive and enter the main population if there is no mechanism (i.e. natural selection) to ensure its survival?  

Also, since this is a trait that benefits others and not the individual, how do such traits that only contribute to the welfare of others not the individual survive?
The worker bees don't mate in general - only the queen does with her male drones. As this would obv benefit the queen via hive defence, it still makes sense under natural selection.
The bees that the dead bee saves are genetically very closely related to the dead bee. Helping your close relations helps your own genes. Hence people are prepared to do a lot for close family.

It's called [Kin Selection](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kin_selection).

The fun thing about that is that it's mathematical, we know the formula that evolutionary psychology is optimising on. People should be prepared to die to save more than two siblings, more than four nephews, or more than 8 cousins. It sounds horrible but that's the calculation we're effectively doing.
It may not affect an individual bee, but if there were two hives of bees, chances are the hive that was warned off by the smell of their dead would have a higher chance of surviving than ones without (assuming everything else was the same).
To add to this, "altruism" like the above is evolutionarily more advantageous as family size increases. As any organism, you'd TECHNICALLY be neutral on saving an identical twin vs two other siblings vs yourself, but when you're a bee the "choice" is usually 10000000000000000000000000 (exaggeration for effect) siblings and a parent vs yourself, and not 1 sibling vs yourself.

Also, as Tont_Voles mentions below, the drones generally do not reproduce, and therefore a drone with the specified gene dying does not reduce the frequency of the specified gene in the gene pool.
This is an example of a process called group evolution, as opposed to individual evolution. Group evolution is a relatively new theory in which any alteration / mutation that helps the group leads to the group being more likely to accept the individual, furthering the individual's mating potential.
The queen carries all genetic information. When she dies, so does the colony.

So all the other bees are her daughters, essentially. When any of them dies, they all share essentially the same genetic code, so a single *colony,* not a single *organism* will carry the trait first.

EDIT: Slightly simplified. Technically there are also drones which mates with the queen.
Evolution in some parts of the insect world works pretty differently than it does with the kinds of sexual reproduction we humans are more familiar with.

The bee reproductive model involves [haploid sex determination](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haplodiploid_sex-determination_system) in which different 'genders' within the colony have different numbers of chromosomes.  The queen has the full set of 32 chromosomes, and is the only one able to lay eggs.  Each egg contains half of her genetic material, and when unfertilized will hatch into a "male" drone (with 16 chromosomes).  The "female" worker bees hatch from fertilized eggs and have a full set of 32 chromosomes (half of the queen's genetic material recombined into 16 chromosomes, plus the full 16 chromosomes from a haploid drone which came from the queen as well), but are unable to lay additional eggs of their own in most species.  Thus every individual bee is some form of a 'partial clone' of the queen.  

In this example I'm going to simplify all of the genetics of the queen into 5 [loci](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Locus_(genetics)) on each of two chromosomes, where the number represents the loci and the upper/lower case letter represents the particular allele occupying that loci (each allele is a possible expression of each gene).  I'm calling these ChromosomeQ and ChromosomeD to represent the fact that one came from the former queen, the other from a drone:

Queen:

ChromosomeQ:  1A, 2B, 3c, 4d, 5e

ChromosomeD:  1A, 2b, 3c, 4D, 5E

When she gives birth to a male drone egg, he will only get one chromosome, which will be a shuffled combination of her two chromosomes.  For example:

Drone:  DChromosomeQ:  1A, 2b, 3c, 4d, 5e

In this example, loci 1 and 3 could have come from either, but we know loci 2 came from ChromosomeD and loci 4 and 5 came from ChromosomeQ.  Since he only has code from the queen, he only has a DChromosomeQ.  On the other hand, when the queen gives birth to a female worker bee, half of it's code will come from her directly (shuffled up the same way it did for the drone) and the other half will be a direct copy of whichever drone fertilized the egg.  Here's an example of a potential female worker bee which came from the queen and the drone above:

Female Worker bee:

FChromosomeQ:  1A, 2B, 3c, 4D, 5e

FChromosomeD:  1A, 2b, 3c, 4d, 5e

(note, FChromosomeD is an exact copy of DChromosomeQ, while FChromosomeQ is one of many possible outcomes of the queens DNA being shuffled)

The point of this exercise is to show that every bee in the hive inevitably shares the queen's genetic code, though it will not be in the same proportions, allowing for multiple allele expressions.  In this way they are all "partial clones" of the queen. (technically not true, as some of the drones fertilizing new eggs will have come from the old queen.  Queens live several years, while workers and drones only live 4-7 months, so as long as no new queens are fertilized during this period the hive's genetic pool will reduce down to only that of the current queen.)

In this model, it is appropriate to say that the hive as a whole operates as a distinct "evolutionary unit", since it collectively shares one set of DNA and reproduces, survives and evolves as a cohesive unit.  With respect to analyzing the pressures of natural selection on bees, it is more appropriate to think of the individual workers and drones as components of a larger organism, the hive.  The genetic code which causes these individual bees to emit dying warning pheromones is something which provides advantage to this "hive organism" as a whole.

The queen is the genetic core of the hive, and new queens are created by selectively raising a tiny fraction of the female worker bee larvae with a special type of food called "royal jelly."  Without this jelly they would hatch as normal female worker bees, but with the jelly they develop into "virgin queens."  Only a small fraction of these virgin queen larvae survive, since as soon as they hatch they kill their potential competition (any other virgin queen larvae they detect).  These virgin queens will then either break off from the hive and take a swarm with them to go create a new hive, or they will supercede the existing queen and take over the existing hive (if the current queen is old and no longer able to carry out her duties, the drones will kill her).

In this way, bee hive reproduction has some characteristics of asexual reproduction (one hive splitting into two, all genetic code of the second hive coming from the first) and some characteristics of sexual reproduction, since the genes are internally "shuffled" through the 16 chromosome haploid drone / 32 chromosome queen process.  This means that the genetic code of the new queen (and thus, the new hive) will descend from the code of the old queen, though in different proportions and potentially with different alleles being expressed.  For instance, the female worker bee we created in the example above could be raised as a virgin queen, and go to create her new hive with slightly different genetics than her mother.  In that example, the female we created was identical to the queen except for the 5th loci, where she had homogeneous expression of 'e', rather than the heterogeneous e/E mix of her mother.  This shuffling is important because it promotes faster bee evolution, both through swarming and splitting a hive, or by replacing queens of a current hive.  If this new e/e expression is more successful then the e/E expression, the new hive will flourish (all male drones coming from the new queen will have the 5e allele.  If this is a good allele, this hive will do better than one where half of the males are 5e and half are 5E).

**TL;DR**:  Explanation of genetics in bee hives.  It's very different than with standard sexual reproduction between individual male/female mates, and it's mechanisms readily encourage these sorts of group selection characteristics.

Summary:
Since he only has code from the queen, he only has a DChromosomeQ.
The worker bees don't mate in general - only the queen does with her male drones.
Technically there are also drones which mates with the queen.
The queen carries all genetic information.
(technically not true, as some of the drones fertilizing new eggs will have come from the old queen.
