Original Response:
I just bought some fruits today because I felt I should. I ate a plum and looked at it's nutritional info: http://www.livestrong.com/thedailyplate/nutrition-calories/food/generic/plum-raw/ (edit: http://www.nutritiondata.com/facts/fruits-and-fruit-juices/2032/2 seems to have better info)

It seems like the plum does not provide much nutrients. Now I know for people who are overweight they are good to help fill you up to reduce your caloric intake. For me, I am an underweight person. I eat cookies and such but I try to balance my meals. I don't need to lose weight, the quantity of vitamins in this fruit is small (I take a multivitamin and try to eat with daily requirements in mind), I consume a lot of water (at least 2L/day) and regardless of the presence of antioxidants, they do not have a significant benefit (assuming I'm getting a healthy amount). 

So why should I keep buying plums (and other fruits) and eating them? 

edit: I know this generalization does not apply to all fruits, each have they're own vitamins. What I'm trying to get at is **if I'm watching my caloric and nutritional intake what benefits do fruits provide?**
One thing I noticed as a side note.  They can not do math on that website.

&gt; Est. Percent of Calories from: Fat 6.0% Carbs 100.0% Protein 6.7%

Wow, 112.7% calories.  Pretty damned dense.  But besides that, using one fruit to judge all fruits I would consider faulty logic.  Any ways, one plum is not a lot of volume of food.  Using other sources it says that plums are 

&gt;The good: This food is very low in Saturated Fat, Cholesterol and Sodium. It is also a good source of Dietary Fiber, Vitamin A and Vitamin K, and a very good source of Vitamin C.

The bad: A large portion of the calories in this food come from sugars.
Basically because they provide nutrients you need.
The reason things like white bread or white sugar are bad, is all they provide are carbs and no other nutrients.
I figured someone would state that I'm generalizing to all fruits but I tried to have the focus mostly on plums. I know each fruit has different benefits (Banana-Potassium) but I want to know what is in fruits that is not mentioned that is the source of their healthiness. The only reason I eat fruit is because I was told it was healthy. If I'm watching my intake already, what benefits do fruits provide?

I also saw that estimated math. I just found it best to calculate the calories in my head. Some resources say that "natural" sugars do not have a limit of intake, some do. Others say eating too much sugar promotes diabetes, others don't. I'm hoping there are some nutritionists on reddit, the information out there is confusing and wrong a lot of the time because of the diet craze.
If I'm watching my intake and getting my nutrients, what benefits do fruits provide?
I am not a nutritionist, but my understanding is you can get an array of minerals and vitamins from them that other sources do not cover as well.  That and many types have a good amount of fiber in them.

It isn't that they are automatically healthy, I would surmise that in conjunction with other foods they are healthy.
So where are you getting your nutrients from? There is some data out there showing that vitamin pills are poorly absorbed.

Edit: Just realized this was /r/askscience, not /r/fitness, so I probably shouldn't have acted like an "expert." Still, I'll leave this up here.
A lot of fruits contain antioxidants, and various other useful compounds.

Also, they taste good.
I heard the natural sugars are better for you because your body is pretty much designed to take care of them, they keep your blood sugar levels in check and helps to avoid insulin spikes and stuff.

Also, antioxidants and stuff.
Fiber. The reason to eat real food and not just pills is because your body requires fiber to function properly.
Fruits also have other benefits, such as their sugars don't cause a sudden spike in blood sugar levels and require less insulin to maintain. I doubt your watching your intake to the extent that you get things like antioxidants and such.

Think of it this way. You can cut things out of your diet, but eating them is easier. For example, one doesn't NEED to eat meat, but there are a lot of vegetarians, who turn to carbs and junk food as an easy source of calories, rather than eat properly. They would be better off having a turkey sandwich, rather than white bread and cheese. There are also vegetarians who are really healthy because they take care to eat well, unfortunately its more work, so some of them don't do it.


Aside from the minor benefits I listed earlier, fruits don't give you anything you can't get anywhere else, but its a lot more work to get those things. I doubt if your taking a generic multivitamin as your only supplement you are. Or you could just eat fruit.

The efficacy of multivitamins is also an issue.
Any value in the idea that there are phytochemcials in fruits and vegetables which aren't very well understood yet, but probably good for us?  (or is this just wheatgrass-promoting pseudo-science?)
Firstly, there's a good amount of evidence that multivitamins are not as bioavailable as natural sources; don't stop taking your multivitamin, but don't assume it provides everything you need.

Secondly, natural compounds within fruit allow for greater vitamin/mineral absorption; eg citrus bioflavanoids.

Thirdly, natural fiber and sugar. They greatly help stabilize blood suger levels; diabetics are recommended to eat fruits as opposed to processed sugars when they have low blood sugar for this reason. Fiber also helps prevent colon and (I think) stomach cancer, and is good for your heart. These natural fiber and sugar forms are also easier on your digestive system and help keep you on the regs.

Fourthly, antioxidants. You seem to be think these are not so important ("regardless of the presence of antioxidants"), but these may be the *biggest* reason to eat fruits. The longest lived and healthiest populations of people on the earth are those that consume large amounts of antioxidants within their diet. These antioxidants do a lot of shit for you, and help you stay generally healthful and energetic. There are a lot of phyto-nutrients we haven't identified and don't know the effects, but it's generally agreed that they're *very* good for you and important to your general well-being. I've heard everything from increasing metabolism (higher energy levels), to preventing cancer (the most common claim), to reducing heart disease, to improving and stabilizing mood.

If you're interested in getting more calories, try consuming healthy plant fats (olive, hemp, flax, grapeseed, coconut oil) and eating seeds and nuts (lots of protein and good fat), not by cutting out fruits.
Antioxidants help against free radicals which are small particles flying through your body and destroying cells by ripping through them. Antioxisants bind these vagabond electrons.

Summary:
If I'm watching my intake and getting my nutrients, what benefits do fruits provide?
So why should I keep buying plums (and other fruits) and eating them?
If I'm watching my intake already, what benefits do fruits provide?
I doubt your watching your intake to the extent that you get things like antioxidants and such.
The only reason I eat fruit is because I was told it was healthy.
edit: I know this generalization does not apply to all fruits, each have they're own vitamins.
So where are you getting your nutrients from?
