Original Response:
In regards specifically to HIV (but one or more of the reasons apply to other disease transmitted by blood but not mosquitoes):

* HIV can't survive inside of mosquitoes, it is digested. Other viruses, that can be transmitted by mosquito bites, have various adaptations that make it possible for them to survive in, and be transmitted by, mosquitoes. 

* Mosquitoes do not ingest enough HIV particles to make a transmission possible. 

* The fact that a mosquito can bite a HIV-infected individual prior to biting a uninfected also plays no role in this, because the blood flow and saliva flow in mosquitoes are separated, so blood flow is always unidirectional and no blood from the prior host is flushed into a new one with saliva upon the bite. 

Source and more detailed info: [Why Mosquitoes Cannot Transmit AIDS](http://www.rci.rutgers.edu/~insects/aids.htm)
&gt; HIV can't survive inside of mosquitoes, it is digested.

Could we use this mechanism (somehow, someday) to prevent infection in humans?  I imagine an enzyme in the mosquito's digestive tract is responsible for this?  If so, wouldn't such an enzyme be fairly easily extracted from mosquitoes for use in humans or perhaps artificially created?
While I'm no expert on the topic, the problem with such an approach would be the fact that HIV rarely (if ever) enters the human body in a place where it would be possible for enzymes to act on it. 

Another issue with HIV is that it enters human T-lymphocytes via their CD4 receptors (extremely important for the interaction between immune cells, HIV just piggybacks on the same receptors), thus making it even harder to combat. Pretty much the only way the body itself can fight HIV is by destroying the already infected lymphocites, which combined with the destruction of lymphocytes brought on by HIV just helps the development of AIDS in the affected individual. 

Edit: corrected spelling of "lymphocyte" to please KeScoBo. :P I mixed the English and Croatian spelling, happens sometimes with such words. Also, thanks for clearing up the whole "lymphocyte destruction" thing, I could have worded it better.
The blood cells are also digested. Bleach kills the HIV virus but you wouldn't put bleach into your body.
The enzyme would not be specific enough to only target the HIV. If we are talking about digestive enzymes built to break down proteins, you can pretty much expect that they're going to be very good at breaking down not just one protein but a hell of a lot of them. You would not want that in your body freely.
My eye twitched every time I read "lymphocite" (it's lymphocyte). Otherwise, good answer :-).

I just wanted to clarify this:

&gt;combined with the destruction of lymphocites brought on by HIV just helps the development of AIDS in the affected individual

Electron_Blue isn't saying that the death of lymphocytes helps the HIV virus (it doesn't), but that AIDS, the collapse of the immune system due to HIV, is hastened because the immune system itself is killing itself off.
If saliva and blood flow are separate, how is malaria transferred?
also, aren't the transmissible diseases mosquitoes spread usually traveling through the same anti-coagulant injection that causes the itching?
Malaria is transferred by a parasite (of the genus *Plasmodium*), which relies on mosquitoes as the primary hosts (humans and other vertebrates are only the secondary hosts). Mosquitoes serve as vectors for the plasmodium, as well as provide an environment in which part of its developmental process takes place. 

Long story short, the plasmodium (or rather, its gametocytes) are taken up with the blood of an infected person, differentiate inside the mosquito, mature, travel to the salivary glands and are injected into the new host with saliva.

[Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malaria#Life_cycle)
It boggles my mind every time i review the life cycle of the malaria parasite. I mean how? Why? How?
[deleted]
They probably could be if someone put the HIV (or Lyme disease spirochete etc) agent on the proboscis. Otherwise, the microbes need to be able to survive and produce the infectious stage of life inside their bodies and then have those microbes able to be released via the mouthparts and proboscis. Mosquitoes carry Lyme disease spirochetes but are not yet found to be able to transmit them to humans. (source for Lyme info is International Lyme and Assoc. Diseases Society = ILADS)
Followup question:  Would it be possible to give someone a complete blood transfusion to wipe out HIV?
So the plasmodium lives in the human blood and in the mosquito's saliva, while HIV does not?
There's a theory that the *Plasmodium* genus (and some others) evolved from an older genus that infects leukocytes and liver and spleen cells, and is transmitted by a genus of flies related to the mosquito. 

This ancestor at some point evolved to infect red blood cells and survive inside mosquitoes. 

Mammals weren't the first vertebrate hosts of *Plasmodium*, but they are the most recent ones. This is explained by a sudden spread of flowering plants (about 130 million years ago), which coincides with the evolution of the *Plasmodium* genus. The larger number of flowering plants led to a growth in mosquito population and increased the contact they had with mammals, thus making both mosquitoes and mammals favorable hosts. 

[Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plasmodium#Evolution)
While both HIV and *Plasmodium* live in blood cells (T-lymphocytes and erythrocytes, respectively), only *Plasmodium* adapted to survive the mosquito's digestive process, since it relies on it as the means of transmission (due to its evolutionary heritage). Such an adaptation would make no sense for the HIV, since it does not rely on another organism as a vector or for its development, instead being transferred directly from human to human. 

The saliva comes into play with malaria due to it being a very efficient and reliable means of transfer into a new host, as opposed to the [orofecal route](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fecal-oral_route) employed by some of the *Plasmodium's* ancestors (see the link in my reply to Reduc for more on this).
o.O for *you* we make an exception.  bleach away.
no.  the virus can also survive in your own cells in the form of a provirus.  the virus comes into cells, reverse transcribes and pops itself into your chromosomal DNA and stays there, popping out every once in a while when the conditions are right.
No, but if you completely wipe out someones immune system and replace it with an immune system that is resistant to HIV then yes you can cure them. This has been done. Google the Berlin patient.

Summary:
The blood cells are also digested.
So the plasmodium lives in the human blood and in the mosquito's saliva, while HIV does not?
&gt; HIV can't survive inside of mosquitoes, it is digested.
If saliva and blood flow are separate, how is malaria transferred?
This ancestor at some point evolved to infect red blood cells and survive inside mosquitoes.
