Original Response:
[deleted]
the universe had a beginning (bang)  and is constantly expanding. 
my theory is once everything is really really far apart, gravity will pull everything back together and another bang will happen.
It's not a deduction, but an assumption that I think you have wrong.

Who said the universe has no start?  We can't observe anything prior to the Big Bang, so we have no way of knowing how long the universe existed prior to that, or whether it did at all.  Whether or not the Big Bang is truly the beginning of our universe, for all practical, scientific, and thermodynamic purposes it is.  We can't observe anything before that, so we can't make any conclusions about it.  As far as any science I know of is concerned, the universe had a start.
This is a legit theory (the "[Big Crunch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Crunch)"), and a really intuitive idea, but recent observations indicate that it's pretty unlikely to happen.  The expansion of the universe is actually accelerating, the opposite of what the Big Crunch would predict (there's a lot more technical information in the Wikipedia article I linked to, if you're interested).
reading it now. thnx!!
I think the OP is referring to [this submission to /r/space about a cosmology without the big bang](http://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/cud46/big_bang_abandoned_in_new_model_of_the_universe/)
The submitter is explicitly making that assumption, and asking about its consequences. 

Saying the assumption is wrong misunderstands the question.
[deleted]
Thanks for the tip.  I'll have to take a look.
I did misunderstand the question.  Gave the OP a lot less credit than he deserved.  It sounded more like "since our universe has obviously been going on forever" than "if this theory without a big bang is correct" to me.  My bad.
Upvoted for integrity.
I'm certainly not qualified to suggest an answer - I was just trying to clarify the question for those who are :)
Very interesting question!

Here comes a long, multi-part answer, stick with it.  To answer your first question: "What does a model of the universe with no start and no end mean for the second law of thermodynamics?" I'd say "Oh, not much," because the second law is itself a model for how we think thermodynamic systems work, and making the universe infinitely old doesn't change of the assumptions that went into deriving it.

My intuition for your second (and different!) question is that yes, an infinitely old universe doesn't make sense because we wouldn't be around to observe it.  The second law of thermodynamics (my favorite thing ever) basically states that we expect big thermodynamic systems to move towards equilibrium if they're not there, and stay there once they get there.  Here's why I think your question is great: I hadn't thought about which [thermodynamic ensemble](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statistical_ensemble_\(mathematical_physics\)#Principal_ensembles_of_statistical_thermodynamics) the universe behaves like, and I realized **I don't know how to**.  I know constant number of particles isn't right, because we know that energy and mass can be converted in our universe (E=mc^2), it doesn't seem like volume is constant (people talk about the universe expanding), etc...

Look at our cosmologist friends: **To the cosmologists, do you use statistical thermodynamics when you're talking about the whole universe?**

Now back to me:  But if we take a step back and *assume* that we can use statistical thermodynamics to talk about the universe (and our friend, the second law), we would expect an infinitely old universe to be as likely as possible.  That is, the atoms that comprise you are more likely to be uniformly spread around the universe than packed together to make you.  But since you're here, observing the universe, an infinitely old universe doesn't mesh with the second law of thermodynamics.  

Phew.  My brain hurts.  Hope that helps.
Not an expert here, but: What if it's an ensemble were both energy and mass are constant (Assuming it's the um.."sum" of them?). Something along these lines.
Hmm... the more I think about it, I'm not sure trying to fit the universe into a statistical mechanical ensemble is the right way to think about it.  First there's the aforementioned choice of ensemble: we have to choose three of our six thermodynamic variables to hold constant: N (number of particles), u (chemical potential), p (pressure), V (volume), T (temperature), and S (entropy).  Further, at least one of them needs to be extensive (V, S, or N).  I'm pretty sure the number of particles in the universe isn't constant, that the volume isn't constant, and that the entropy isn't constant...

Another reason I don't think stat mech is the right way to think about the universe is because "in the thermodynamic limit" the fluctuations of a system should disappear, but our universe is rife with fluctuations.  

Anyway, stat mech and stat thermo are nice for figuring out properties of liquids, gasses, and how nanoparticles might assemble- systems for which we can calculate useful information based upon average properties of the pieces that comprise it- but I don't see what it gets us when talking about the whole universe.  Since we like to think about the energy of our universe dissipating, stars burning out, and eventually everything dying out it's inviting to try and see how well we can make it (the universe) fit into the math that we know how to do (stat mech), but that doesn't mean it's the right description.
What the what?!  Thanks, TheWalruss for pointing that paper out.  

That paper hasn't been published in a peer-reviewed journal (arxiv is a preprint server), and looks to me to be pretty nonsense.  The fact the figures were provided by a buddy in the Biomedical Engineering department is one red flag, that the author has no previous publications and no co-author, there equations look pretty arbitrarily thrown together (missing definitions, inadequate definitions, and the numbering starts with 2.1 for some reason) and that it just has that crazy-guy flavor of language often seen in nonsense papers just screams bullshit.  

But yes, not only is the paper BS for all of those reasons, your BS detector correctly went off when you said "An infinitely old universe should have succumbed to heat death."  Good work.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclic_model

Summary:
I did misunderstand the question.
question is that yes, an infinitely old universe doesn't make sense because we wouldn't be around to observe it.
To answer your first question: "What does a model of the universe with no start and no end mean for the second law of thermodynamics?"
Who said the universe has no start?
It's not a deduction, but an assumption that I think you have wrong.
