Original Response:
It would also have a massive cost.

The entire visual perceptual pathway, from the retina to V1 to MT (where motion detection happens), takes up a large amount of space in our cranium. To add a second set of eyes, facing an entirely different direction, would require the duplication of the existing "forward"-facing visual pathway as well as some cerebral structure to somehow process and meaingfully interpret both.

The initial cost of developing a secondary visual perceptive field is too high, particularly when the cost of developing an auditory system that can do essentially the same job is very low.
Some animals do have nearly 360 degree vision. Prey Animals with flight often have large visual ranges, to see things which might attack them. Raptors have forward facing eyes so they can see distance between themselves and their prey. Similar differences exist in horses, gazelles, many fish, and sheep, animals with long history as prey.
Many "prey animals" have upwards  of 270 degree vision with eyes on the sides of their heads. Deer, rabbets, chickens.

We have binocular vision to prey better. Most predators have binocular vision. Owls, tigers, men.

Many insects have nearly 360, and most are prey to anything bigger.

Size matters more. 

As animals go, humans are pretty big.
Yes, as would flight. An important thing to consider is cost versus benefit. Devoting more energy and brain capacity towards extra eyes would overall decrease the fitness (contribution to the next generation) of a human (i mean really, who wants to fuck something with more than two eyes anyway?).

An excellent example illustrating the cost vs. benefit is that in certain caves, animals which burrowed and colonized completely dark areas over time lost their ability of sight. Although sight wasn't directly detrimental to their fitness, the energy expenditure necessary to have sight because too great.
On top of the cost arguments mentioned here, it's worth remembering that evolution doesn't optimize; if prey animals could hunt sufficiently with two eyes and there was sufficient pressure for 4, they it may just never happened.
Evolution doesn't necessarily result in every possible beneficial trait actually occurring.  This is because evolution isn't "goal" oriented.  It doesn't move towards a specific outcome, instead it just tends to select the most beneficial genetic variant that is present in a population.  So even if 360 degree vision would be a massive benefit, we still may never develop it.  

I think this may be what HARGHHH was saying above, but I wasn't sure.
While it's true that we're predators and that binocular vision helps in predation, we actually have it because our ancestors were arboreal. All primates have binocular vision, even the herbivores.
Also, humans [have](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Field_of_view) an almost 180°-degree field of view. While that's far away from 360°, moving the head from time to time and also being aurally aware makes an increase to 360° unnecessary, survival-wise.
It wouldn't be a benefit as it would come at a great cost.
Don't forget to mention that evolution is path-dependent to a fault. Eg, humans would benefit tremendously from having the eating hole/breathing hole separated, but *that's the way it's always been done* among mammals.
Yes, but most herbivores have binocular overlap to a much lesser extent.
Surely hanging out in groups helps too? We're not lone creatures in general.
I agree that it doesn't make sense in the way the current visual system is built, especially since as you correctly mentioned, it is well aided by the auditory system. The visual system takes up about 1/3 of the cortex, so adding stuff to this would really mess with the current distribution of the load. In hardware-terms the 'processors' simply couldn't handle it. 

But I really like the idea of trying to fundamentally rearrange the cortex to fit a 360 degree visual representation. You'd pretty much have to rearrange everything about visual processing and interpretation beyond that, which is pretty much the entire brain. At least, that's where my mind takes me...

 
However, you can hear sounds from all angles... I know this is going to sound silly to neuroscientists since this is simply a matter of physical location+differences between properties of light/sound, but what if the quality that facilitates the 360 hearing were transferred to 360 sight? (you can btw, there are lenses that facilitate this, but we're talking extra eyes here, so it's not completely applicable). Shouldn't a much more efficient system be possible in an extra visual unit? When I refer to 'quality', I really mean the binocular system, but fitted to include a third or fourth unit that doesn't necessarily partake in the binocular process, facilitating a range similar to that of the auditory system. 
What if for instance, it were like a singular herbivore eye. That would kind of make sense, because technically it would only have to be a single eye, simply there to detect shapes an motions (i.e. no binocular vision for the 180 degrees in the back of your head). In turn, it would require much less pre-processing (only the Magno cells in the LGN) before it would be adopted into V1 and passed on to MT). 


Is that useful? I'm going to go with with 'meh'. 
Although it would probably be a better detector than an ear (in a normal person with two eyes) our hearing as it is, is calibrated to our needs which generally doesn't include too many threats from behind, which is why we don't pay too much attention to it. If there were an incentive for us to attend to our behinds more often, our hearing is able to facilitate the increase required in detection for quite a while before a third eye would become useful.    


Largely speculation. I apologize for nothing!
Wait, most herbivorous primates, or just herbivores in general?

*Most* primates that live in trees need sharp binocular vision in order to gauge distances accurately. There are a few that aren't particularly acrobatic, such as the pygmy marmoset, which is too small to do much leaping and swinging through the trees. It is a hunter though, and has retained a high degree of overlap.

Geladas are one primate I can think of off the top of my head that wouldn't have as great a need for tight binocular overlap, as they are grazers and live primarily on plains. Gorillas might qualify as well, since they're herbivorous and too large for tree climbing. But nonetheless, both species retain highly binocular vision, perhaps because they aren't often predated upon, geladas because they live in large groups, and gorillas because they're just plain large.

Besides, there's something to be said for binocular vision. At least [shit like this doesn't happen as often when you can only see in front of you.](http://i.imgur.com/5KACU.gif)
I stand corrected sir! Indeed, I was only referring to grazers, bunnies, horses, sheep, goat, most fish I suppose. Generally things that need to gtfo at the sight of distant movement due to deliciousness. 


Edit: GTFO without being required to leaping from tree to tree and whatnot..
Indubitably, sirrah! I was responding concerning primates in general, and humans in particular. While humans have been omnivores for millions of years, our binocular vision is far older than our taste for steak. There's evidence that humans have been eating meat for at least 2 million years and probably more. Primates have been around for at least 50 million years. Mammals with binocular vision, grasping hands and arboreal habits is damn near the definition of "primate."

Edit: oh, and fruit. We pretty much all dig fruit, too.
Quite Astute! 'Twas a pleasure to converse.
Generally, increased field of vision comes at the cost of depth perception, color sensing and high detail vision. Our visual system allows us all of these things, which are important for hunting and living in trees as described in more detail below.
Indeed! Shall we meet at the club for a snifter of brandy and competitive monocle-polishing?
This is exactly right. Traits don't develop by planning, they just get passed on from animals that survive. So if you can survive with two eyes, your offspring will have two eyes and so on.
Thanks for the answers chaps. Surely, I can now feel really proud of myself knowing I see the world like a *predator* sees it. Hehehe.


But seriously, thanks.
Because the question posed is 360 degree vision, I would argue humans almost qualify for that. We have about a 180 degree FOV, and you can move your head side to side in about a second, giving you a brief window of near 360 degree functional vision.
Some animals have eyes on both *sides* of their heads, but for others it seems the benefits of depth perception outweighed the benefits of 360 vision.  Maybe use of hands and living in trees made depth important, while communications and society meant that the *group* had 360 vision.
It would require a larger brain (as already stated), or our processing power would be divided amongst the two pairs of eyes. To have two pairs of eyes our body would have to be revamped. Our brain has finite resources and things seem to get through our normal visual perception, having another pair of eyes would make it worse
primates have front facing eyes for better depth perception, for example judging how far away the next branch of a tree is, i reckon as we evolved depth perception stayed important so our eyes stayed where they are.

Summary:
We have binocular vision to prey better.
Most predators have binocular vision.
Some animals do have nearly 360 degree vision.
no binocular vision for the 180 degrees in the back of your head).
It would also have a massive cost.
All primates have binocular vision, even the herbivores.
Many "prey animals" have upwards  of 270 degree vision with eyes on the sides of their heads.
It wouldn't be a benefit as it would come at a great cost.
So even if 360 degree vision would be a massive benefit, we still may never develop it.
Prey Animals with flight often have large visual ranges, to see things which might attack them.
