Original Response:
Pretend after hitting the water rescue is immediate, I'm not worried about how long you could survive in the ocean after getting into it(not asking about hypothermia), I'm curious about the impact survivability.
I'm not sure if I remember correctly, but from 20m it's almost as hitting the concrete. Jumping out of an airplane is 100% death with clothes or without. The best thing you can do is cover up as best as you can and run towards the front(since the explosion would most likely be at the engines). Pray. Anyway troll question imo.
[deleted]
I'll take the loosest clothes I can find (to increase my surface while falling) and put every heavy object  I can on the suitcase.. tie a rope to it and one of my legs and jump, leaving the suitcase break the surface before me..

[Edit] Sorry. I didn't noticed we were on Askscience.. I would attempt to increase resistance to air during the fall, to reduce my terminal velocity as much as possible. The suitcase would serve to break the surface tension of water, so I had the best chance possible.
Troll question?, how does that even work? Considering the world record is nearly three times that 20m figure you're evidently talking out your ass. As well as cliff divers regularly diving above that height. 

I didn't seem to make it clear I don't care what causes it but after 5 minutes if your on that plane your dead. Or if you want to be awkward after 5 minutes the plane vanishes from existence and you are know are in free fall no matter if you jump off it before the 5 minutes is up or after the 5 minutes you are know in free fall, I just was trying to create a feasible situation for it to happen in.

Also you might want to read some instances of people surviving free fall. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_fall#Surviving_falls
Not a bad answer but since baggy clothes give a negligible aerodynamic resistance I'm more concerned with the impact itself. The clothes in the bag are the average clothes anyone would pack(not a wingsuit), a sweater, jacket, 2 jeans, 7 shirts, 7 socks, 7 boxer briefs, scarf, swimming trunks, beanie/hat/visor, gloves, boots, 3 undershirts and sweatpants. Lets assume your already wearing a shirt, boxers, jeans or shorts, shoes and socks.

Should you put all of them on to give a cushioning affect with the negative being greater deceleration when hitting the water due to greater volume or leave them all off with no cushioning affect but lower deceleration.
http://people.math.gatech.edu/~weiss/pub/v2II.pdf
"Consider a 54-kilogram person who jumped feet ﬁrst off the Brooklyn Bridge into the water, a fall of 84.4 m.
The jumper would hit the water moving about 28 m/s, which is about 90% of terminal
velocity. Amazingly, there seems to be precedent for surviving such a fall into water.
According to the newspaper account [7], in 1963 a Marine pilot plunged 15,000 feet
from a crippled jet ﬁghter into the ocean when his parachute failed to open—and survived the fall. Of course, falling into water is different from falling on a hard surface:
the water would absorb much of the impact."

Although this article has few sources, it seems that it may be possible to survive falls into water, through strokes of luck, of course. As per your question about clothes, unless you have a retarded amount of clothes wrapped around you and turn into the Michelin man, or somehow make a decently effective improvised parachute (reminds  me of "Angels &amp; Demons") with the clothes, they really won't have a significant effect on your impact, besides possibly reducing skin injuries/bruising.
Forget about any cushioning effect.. I don't think normal clothes could provide a significant protection. 

I'll focus on body posture and the suitcase itself as a tool to break the surface, and create as much bubbles as I can (sorry, I don't know how this is called in english). 

I think a jump with the briefcase in my hands and legs open, trying to offer all possible resistance to air until the last moment, then throwing the briefcase down, and hitting the water with the heels, arms crossed on the chest and stiff body is the best shot. 

If you've ever seen the technique used by special forces, using their backpacks, you can see what I mean.

[Edit] I'm sorry but it seems I can't find any video demonstrating this technique, all I can find is low altitude insertions without equipmet. I saw it once in an exercise of combat engineers. I can't remember if it was their regular backpack or a expecial one for that kind of insertions. I guess it has some sort of device to prevent the weight from pulling you down to the bottom if something goes wrong, but this is mere speculation.
How about this.

Tie the clothes together to create a long streamer.  The streamer will create drag slowing you slightly and ensuring that you hit the water in a feet first orientation.
As a diver, I would suggest to get some heavy object to hit the water directly before you breaking the surface tension of the water before you try to enter feet first toes pointed.
Didn't mythbusters bust this one?
Not sure about that, but when my team dives we have an air pump which come up from underwater to stir up the surface. This helps with the smacking issues when learning a new dive.
That reminds me of the horror stories my dad would tell me about effluent plant accidents - the stuf froths so much that if you fall into any of the 3-metre deep pools, not only is the water too aerated to swim to the surface (you would walk on the bottom breathing noxious polluted froth), but you are invisible to people on the surface and cant be rescued. Worst death ever.

So, yeah, bubbles make really soft water. And dropping a sufficiently big thing would throw a lot of air into the water beneath you, so the idea of a heavy object breaking the fall makes sense to me.
It's not the surface tension that kills you. It's the actual _mass_ of water that needs to be displaced, thus the resistance that it offers, that generates the force.

So dropping a heavy object is fundamentally different form using an air pump, as you've mentioned below.
The whole surface tension thing is negligible, and it's basically a myth. The suitcase won't do anything.
I'm sorry I can't give you a more scientific explanation, and maybe it isn't surface tension but the bubble cushion formed by the air dragged by the mass entering the water before you.. 

The first time I saw this technique I tought they throw the equipment first, to avoid loosing the backpack or injuring themselves when hitting the water. I was corrected by a member of the squad who explained me that.
I should have also mentioned you don't get the suit case. You get the clothes, the suit case and airplane was just to give it context.
Best answer here, thanks.

Summary:
The suitcase would serve to break the surface tension of water, so I had the best chance possible.
I would attempt to increase resistance to air during the fall, to reduce my terminal velocity as much as possible.
Amazingly, there seems to be precedent for surviving such a fall into water.
I should have also mentioned you don't get the suit case.
It's not the surface tension that kills you.
