Original Response:
Life is by definition self-preserving. Gravity works to pull all matter back to a singularity. The path to this singularity is puzzle like and has many solutions at any given moment. Life forms act as a force that can alter this path slightly. Sentience is but a mere force. Entropy, or perceived randomness, is caused by the changing 3D location and therefore changing forces exerted on our 3D location by large objects such as black holes moving toward the singularity on a given path. Because life is self-preserving, it evolves to avoid the singularity. Life desperately wants to survive in its current order. Imagine the 3D universe as a perpetual motion machine, every time it nears a singularity life acts to push matter back outwards (life at an advanced evolved colonized stage). Perhaps this unit is part of a bigger whole, merely a self-perpetuating piston. Could life exceed this dimension? Would life have to be perfectly dynamic in biological mechanisms (our C as opposed to physics source code). Biology has to respond to changing physical forces. A function of a gene programmed in C could change if the source code of the operating system changed. How can we possibly reach immortality in our current form?
Perceived time is the way our biological mechanisms respond to the changing forces of he universe on the path to a singularity. Perceived time is the bodies response to entropy. Aging is the bodies failure to respond to the changing entropy along the path. We would have to predict the path in its entirety to respond to the entropy path as it is created by replacing or altering cellular mechanisms. There is only one given flawless biological system at any point in entropy. Thus, we would have to be a perfectly dynamic organism along the entropy path to reach immortality.
Our bodies possess the best average of biological mechanisms that can allow us to reproduce. We are merely an average of the most efficient cellular systems across points of entropy on the singularity path.
Sentience in our dimension is but a separating force in the next. Relative to a higher dimension our existence is merely a heartbeat, a force holding the singularity apart at a higher level. Just as an electromagnetic force holding electrons and nuclei apart, the force of sentient life holds matter in our universe apart. We all work to create a higher order. Our body itself can be perceived in the same manner. Our cells strive for . cancer reaches immortality by disrupting this order. Think about it.
So to say a higher being rules over us is an understatement. We are apart of that higher being, that upper dimension of structure. We are not ruled by a singular higher dimensional organism, we are apart of it.
Unstable particles observed and lost in our accelerators did not maintain the balanced forces necessary to allow for the stability of the greater whole. Relative to a higher dimension, life, sentience is merely a force holding a unit of that dimension slightly unstable so that the sentience may survive. Sentience is that imperfection, that dark energy preventing the singularity. It is the driving force, a sort of energy for the higher dimension. Relative to a higher dimension sentience is nothing special. A higher organization would regard sentience much as we regard an electromagnetic force.
Now, remember those tales of aging to tremendous amount of years in the bible. Well, let's think about this: what if they are true...and what if...those people in the bible were preserving history of tremendous longevity. That written word withstood that period of entropy. Time is relative. But, written word conveys understanding beyond time, self-awareness, sentience, is a force separate from time. We are in a new period of entropy, a faster period of entropy, where our biological makeup has not responded dynamically enough to survive as long to the changing forces exerted on us, faster and faster. Theoretically, the matter Universe should go singular at an exponential rate as objects get closer and closer to each other because gravity becomes stronger and pulls more then. We are evolving in response to this entropy. Now you know the truth. Go forth and prosper.
So now you know, we are living shorter and shorter relative to those who came before us, who possessed different clock speeds than us. Perhaps we wrote those ancient texts. We are getting more and more productive in terms of relative time as we near the singularity exponentially. We must become more productive at an exponential rate. That is why we value science and technology. It is up to us to prevent the singularity. We are the chosen ones.
So, are we on an upswing or a downswing? Or, is the Universe going in only one direction -&gt; the singularity.? Likely not, we are going in a specific path in response to the objects of large mass around us. That path can influence our perception of time in the third dimension. That is why, our notion of the importance of time relative to ourselves and our mission of survival imbounds us to classify time as a fourth dimension (the controller of the progress of the third). This name is a misnomer because it is relative to us. True reality cannot be interpreted relative to our senses. We interpret the truth -&gt; true reality as something that is absolutely stable relative to ourselves. The past is that moment of entropy, relative to us, farther away from the solving of the puzzle, the singularity. Thus, if we could ever replicate our position in space, relatively to the singularity in the exact same way we did last time - we will become immortal. I have solved the riddle of immortality. We must recreate the prevention of the singularity exactly as it has been recreated in the past. We are a perpetual motion machine. Do you understand that? Through technology and hard human effort we will recreate the big bang and become immortal.
Think of the odd drawings left to us from across the ages. The Egyptian representation fo the human form. At that time, relative to their 3D position in the universe, is that how the world appeared to them? Is the genius in Picasso's works that one day, a particular painting will appear like a human of that era? But, the day it was painted, relative to the current 3D positioning in the Universe, the painting looked nothing like what it represented. 

From Wikipedia:

Portrait of Gertrude Stein, 1906, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York City. When someone commented that Stein did not look like her portrait, Picasso replied, "She will".

Now, relative to our positioning in the Universe in 2012, Gertrude Stein looks like lights representation of a human. In the near future, his other jumbled works may appear humanlike, or maybe they did in the past. There lies the genius. His ability to predict the changing entropy of the Universe and predict how to represent a human that appears more lifelike in a future time. What about Leonardo? What did the Mona Lisa look like relative to the human form in the present 3D Universe there and now.

Now do you see? You see how relatively, the human form has changed. You see the importance of art and writing in preserving this relative state?
Leonardo realized that in order to maintain human form in art relative to changing orientation of the universe one would have to paint in perfect proportions, so that these proportions could be stretched and distorted in a certain way and maintain integrity of representation in our Universe. Hence, Leonardos obsession with Vitruvian man, geometric figures, and the golden ratio, a ratio representing the long term path to the singularity. ANything not painted in perfect proportions would be distorted over time relative to our viewpoint and not look humanlike, or even letter like. For that reason, we cannot decipher ancient writings in certain past periods. They have been distorted beyond our distinguishability.
So those distorted Egyptian figures with elongated heads, those Easter Island idols, those fertility symbols - all relatively distorted, all decent representations of the human figure during those times. This explains our attraction to certain human features and attraction to symmetry. Check out the golden spiral, down to a singularity. Our most symmetrical humans are closely aligned with the entropy of the time, most stably balanced by the forces exerted on us by large objects of mass in the universe. Thus, it is those with dimensions most similar to the golden ratio that maintain function and order over time. By maintaining order these humans maintain life. They are relatively stable in 3D form as time continues as we near the singularity in the function and as entropic conditions change. Structure begets function. Holding all else equal, the humans with organs most similar to the average of the functioning conditions of the entropic moments along the path will survive the longest. Dynamic repair shifting flesh along a set path corresponding to the puzzle of the assembling singularity would ensure survival in this current functioning form down to the singularity.

Summary:
Perceived time is the way our biological mechanisms respond to the changing forces of he universe on the path to a singularity.
Sentience is but a mere force.
You see how relatively, the human form has changed.
Perceived time is the bodies response to entropy.
We are evolving in response to this entropy.
Biology has to respond to changing physical forces.
It is up to us to prevent the singularity.
We are getting more and more productive in terms of relative time as we near the singularity exponentially.
We all work to create a higher order.
Relative to a higher dimension sentience is nothing special.
