Original Response:
So for some background, I was watching How the Universe Works on Netflix, and it was about how stars make all the naturally occurring elements, but it just didn't go into enough detail to slate my curiosity.  It explained that the energy from a fusion reaction is when the two atoms slam together a tiny amount of the mass is turned into energy, ala E=MC^2.  But where does that tiny mass come from? Does that mean that two hydrogen atoms weigh slightly more than a single helium atom (minus the helium atom's neutrons).  Which brings on another question, where does a helium atom's neutrons come from?  From what I recall a hydrogen atom is a single electron and a single proton, but a helium atom is two electrons, two protons, and two neutrons.  My final question, the show says that once a star starts producing iron it means it's going to die soon, and says it's because fusing (is that the correct term?) iron atoms takes more energy than it gives off, and so it stops the giant chain reaction.  Why are progressively larger atoms harder to fuse together, if an atom loses mass to produce energy, than wouldn't the force that repels the atoms from each other weaken when the size of the atom is increased?

Thanks for helping me find this stuff out!
You actually start with 4 protons.  When two protons fuse, one of them almost immediately undergoes beta+ decay, which converts a proton to a neutron.

If you compare the mass of 4 protons to the mass of a helium nucleus, you will find that the 4 protons weigh more.

The full reaction that powers the sun is shown here - [p-p chain](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proton%E2%80%93proton_chain_reaction)
Fusion releases the binding energy of atoms, what that means is that helium is actually more stable than hydrogen.  In fact all the particles as they increase in mass are more stable.  That is until you reach iron, elements the weight of iron and higher actually lose energy as they fuse.  This is how the star remains powered, it releases the energy that is no longer needed to hold the atom together as photons.  Once iron begins fusing it becomes a run away process, massive and energetic atoms continue fusing creating heavy elements until you reach the point of electron degeneracy (all the protons absorb electrons and become neutrons) this forms a neutron star which is much smaller in size than the original star.  The corona (outer layers of the star) collapses into the neutron star which causes a massive ejection, this is what we observe as a supernova.
A lot of the information you provided is contrary to what was said in the show, and what has already been linked in a different response.

1.  I don't see anything about about helium being more stable than hydrogen, in fact it seems that you have to have a vast amount of heat and pressure to get hydrogen to fuse at all, if something were unstable wouldn't it fuse without much interaction?  Maybe I'm not clear on what is considered stable and/or unstable.

2.  The energy released from fusion comes from the conversion of small amount of proton mass to energy not from energy that no longer needs to hold the atom together.

3.  Stars cannot fuse elements heavier than Iron.  Elements heavier than iron are created after a very large star hyper-novas and the explosion fusses all of the other heavier elements.

4.  Electron degeneracy is when electrons are forced into a higher state of energy and exert a outward pressure, this is the thing that keeps neutron stars from collapsing, but has nothing to do with protons absorbing electrons from what I understand.

Please let me know if any of my points are off.
I'm not an expert in atomic chemistry, but I can see how Helium would be at least in some ways more "stable" than Hydrogen. The biggest reason is that Hydrogen is a very reactive element -- it's actually our most efficient rocket fuel. Helium on the other hand is a noble gas -- it hardly reacts with anything at all. In fact, we use Helium to pressure fuel and oxidizer tanks *precisely because it wont react with them*.

I was under the impression that stars *can* fuse elements heavier than iron but that's the turning point in a stars "life." When a star begins fusing iron, it is now losing energy and feeding on the energy it still retains from other reactions. As this happens the star is "dying" and can expand, explode, etc... per lots of physics others understand better than I do.
1). the nuclei of atoms have to be smashed together with a large amount of energy, ie in a high temperature and pressure environment, because the are both positively charged and without a sufficient amount of energy the will not actually collide. If it was so easy for atoms to fuse almost everything would be iron by now. 

if a nucleus is unstable it will more likely do fission instead of fusion. 

[nuclear binding graph](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Binding_energy_curve_-_common_isotopes.svg) this shows that iron is the most energetically stable because the binding energy is the highest.

2). yes, that is binding energy

3). when stars start to fuse iron energy is absorbed instead of released causing the supernova, because the engergy produced from fusion was used to conteract gravity
I understand that helium is chemically stable, that's because it has 2 electrons in it's outer ring, and the first ring only wants 2 electrons, so it doesn't easily react.  I was under the impression that had nothing to do with fission or fusion.

EDIT: changed "it's" to "helium" so it was easier to understand what I was referencing.
the stability of a nucleus has nothing to do with the stability of a atom in bonding, ie radioactive carbon 14 versus carbon 12
Right. I figured there would be more to it in terms of fusion reactions. I'm just as confused as the OP in regard to Hydrogen being "less stable" than Helium as there are isotopes of both. I suppose is it just based on their comparative half-lives?
stable nuclei don't decay ever. You can kind of compare the nucleus to different types of molecules, some are stable and some aren't, and even if they are stable some can be more stable as they are more tightly bound. 

[Here's the Wikipedia article on stable isotopes, and it goes into it more indepth than i can](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stable_isotope)

Summary:
Fusion releases the binding energy of atoms, what that means is that helium is actually more stable than hydrogen.
Stars cannot fuse elements heavier than Iron.
From what I recall a hydrogen atom is a single electron and a single proton, but a helium atom is two electrons, two protons, and two neutrons.
I was under the impression that had nothing to do with fission or fusion.
You actually start with 4 protons.
