Original Response:
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;cooked food has more calories that humans can use than uncooked food because cooked food is a lot easier to digest.

Do you ever stop and read what you've said, and think to yourself "maybe I should just admit I don't have a clue what it is that I'm talking about"?
True, and another factor is that our modern food system often has quite a delay between slaughter and consumption which gives more time for bacteria to breed. 

And to add, there are actually quite a few raw meats available. Sushi/raw fish can be had almost anywhere. Raw oysters are also quite common. I've had beef carpaccio (raw beef filet sliced thin) at several restaurants, and a rare steak is essentially uncooked in the middle (truly rare does not heat the middle enough to kill bacteria). I've never heard of raw poultry though...
Torisashi is a Japanese dish with raw chicken.
it's [true](http://jn.nutrition.org/content/128/10/1716.full) for some foods, though.
[deleted]
The answers so far are not correct.
Most carnivores to not have a greatly more acidic stomach than humans, and indeed, carnivore duodenum tends to be closer to neutral. See:
http://deepblue.lib.umich.edu/bitstream/2027.42/41512/1/11095_2004_Article_306447.pdf
For a peer reviewed review of Dog vs Human.

Also, saying that "oh but the bactaria is a modern invention" doesn't answer the question because usually carnivore can eat the same meat without getting noticeably sick.

The most general answer is because of intestinal transit times. Food spends over twice as long in your small intestines as it does in your average carnivore. Carnivores have short intestines. Herbivores in have long ones. Omnivores, in the middle. Bactaria grow exponentially, thus, spending twice as long in the intestines could mean a huge (10, 100, 1000x) increase in the bactarial load.
[deleted]
Is the premise of the this question even right?

Seems to me like many *do* get sick, as evidenced by the fact that many have parasites making them dangerous for us to eat raw.
You were on to a winner... and then... no. Yes, you're right, the fear of undercooked meats is hugely over played. As people have said, you can happily eat raw chicken, pork, beef, fish. So long as it is properly raised, slaightered, butchered and prepared. But food poisoning caused by errors in the process it isn't just a western problem..

http://www.nationmultimedia.com/2011/09/04/national/Woman-dies-42-sick-from-food-poisoning-30164461.html

http://www.mmtimes.com/2011/news/599/news59915.html

http://thainews.prd.go.th/en/news.php?id=255403200010

Just a quick sample.

And your second to last sentence. Double No. I doubt you'll find many western chefs who think you can eat chicken raw, or where the bacteria come from that make chicken "unsafe"...
[deleted]
[deleted]
I will point out that I never mentioned chicken as it has a number of other issues associated with it. 

*you can happily eat raw chicken, pork, beef, fish. So long as it is properly raised, slaightered, butchered and prepared.* Agreed. 

I was referring to people being bitches about how the need for everything to being thoroughly cooked as the strictly western issue. 

You and I are on the same page you are just showing a higher attention to detail. Where as I am just throwing random thoughts out on the internet in the hopes that people see all the awesome foods they are missing out on because of unfounded fears.
[deleted]
Mmmm.... ground raw beef, mixed with raw egg, mustard, ketchup, onions, garlic, some spices... served on toast. Best. Food. Ever.

Nobody ever wants to try it though. :(

Pussies.
Change that to finely chopped steak (fillet please), and I'm super on board with you. Ground beef from the supermarket? The kind that when you rip the block open, it's bright red in the center, but it's all dull colored on the outside? Deal me out. I've seen the state of some super market mincing machines. I don't want to put anything that has come through one of those into my mouth raw.
Ideally, we would ground it ourselves. Which reminds me, raw moose steaks, cut into small strips with salt an cayenne pepper. Served as a sort of appetizer, before the rest of the steaks are cooked up. :D
greatest analogy ever. im going to steal that one
Agreed. Many scavengers eat meat that has been sitting out in the environment for substantial periods of time. This food would tend to contain more infectious organisms than any raw meat from the grocery store, and yet this is a suitable evolutionary strategy for the scavengers.
First off, they tend to avoid eating the intestines. We get sick from meat not because the meat itself is unsafe to eat raw, but because the cutting of meat accidentally opens a lot of bowels that occasionally seep onto the meat. However, your question is slightly flawed because animals in nature get sick from the food they eat more often than we do.
This question was asked a while back on AskScience. This will give you more insight to your question.
[Link](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/kegec/why_dont_animals_get_sick_when_they_eat_raw_meat/)
people do eat raw meat in other cultures
In point of fact, we as a species are perfectly capable of eating raw, uncooked foods, including meat. And animals are just as capable of being made sick by eating tainted foods as we are.

First, it's important to note that the primary survival advantage conferred by cooking food is not to disinfect it. That is really only secondary. Cooking food is primarily beneficial because it makes it easier to digest, so less energy is needed to extract nutrition from it. That it also has the benefit of killing many harmful bacteria is a happy side effect that our germ-conscious culture has elevated to priority. By applying heat to our food we begin the process of breaking down structural proteins--in effect, cooking is the first step in digestion.

That we get sick from uncooked foods is most often--but not always--an effect of our industrialized food chain. By making the processing of meat an industrial affair we tend to introduce microorganisms such as E. Coli and salmonella to flesh that would otherwise be free of such bacteria. Because the butchering of meat is handled on an assembly line, a piece of infected meat transfers bacteria to a blade, or hook, or other tool, which then transfers the bacteria to every other piece of meat on the line. Were you to go out and hunt a wild stag and butcher it carefully, you would most likely be safe in eating many parts of its flesh without much danger.

The emphasis placed on thoroughly cooking store-bought meat, and washing your hands when handling raw foods, is more a matter of liability than anything else. The fact that many traditional cultures still eat raw meats either ceremonially (as in the case of Inuit), or routinely (as in the case of Japanese sushi) bears witness to the fact that raw flesh =/= death by bacteria.
The Japanese military flag if you're especially unlucky.
Did you mean 'bacteria'? Sorry but you made the mistake three times so I had to point it out!
Besides the silly bacon comment there was no reason to downvote this.
Cooking obviously doesn't add calories to food but it does make more calories available to use by making digestion easier. Think about eating a kg of carrots raw vs cooked. It's going to be a lot more effort and more time consuming to eat them raw (there was a BBC programme that mentioned this actually, that's where I get the example)

Unfortunately this poster didn't word it well, and only went downhill from there.
There is no evidence that our digestive system became 'less efficient' after we started cooking. If you think about it, it makes no sense because we'd then lose the advantage of cooking.

You focus on cooked meat but it is not true that humans rely on it for sustenance. In hunter gatherer society meat is hard to come by, hunting is hard work requiring a lot of skill. Most calories come from the gathered food - fruits, nuts and cooked root vegetables. It is cooking things like root vegetables that makes them edible and makes more calories available.
The colour doesn't mean a hell of a lot. It's just a reaction to gases in air if it's been sitting around. Typically it's packaged in gases that stop the change from red-dull red but I'm fairly certain it doesn't say much about the state of it.
This is /r/askscience, so randomly throwing out thoughts isn't really warranted here. Fine detail is what people are after.

&gt;I was referring to people being bitches about how the need for everything to being thoroughly cooked as the strictly western issue.

 Just because people in other places might be less fastidious about it doesn't make good food hygiene and preparation practices unnecessary to avoid sickness. That's a really silly and flawed argument to make.
&gt;but because the cutting of meat accidentally opens a lot of bowels that occasionally seep onto the meat.

You really expect me to believe that?
No I meant bactaria.... OF COURSE I MEANT BACTERIA. Everyone else in this thread was smart enough to figure that out. How come you weren't?
Yes, but it means that the mince has been sitting around open to gas diffusion for long enough that an inch or so has been completely oxidized (or probably reduced, but you get me). During that time, the previously, largely sterile bits of meat have had plenty of time to grow a nice coating of bacteria.
Just to add two more examples:

* Arab raw kibbeh is made from minced raw red meat. 

* Steak tartare is minced raw red meat and a uncooked egg.
I don't think "losing the advantage of cooking" is why it would not make sense.

Prior to cooking, our digestive system had evolved to be adequate to the task. If cooking made it twice as efficient, then the advantages that selected for that efficient-on-uncooked foods digestive system might not be as strong, and may not outweigh disadvantages over a system which is less efficient on uncooked foods.
[deleted]
I just tested this out, for science. Chicken tasted really bad. I have cramps. Horrible cramps. Please help.
[deleted]

Summary:
people do eat raw meat in other cultures.
*you can happily eat raw chicken, pork, beef, fish.
I don't think "losing the advantage of cooking" is why it would not make sense.
* Steak tartare is minced raw red meat and a uncooked egg.
And to add, there are actually quite a few raw meats available.
Think about eating a kg of carrots raw vs cooked.
First off, they tend to avoid eating the intestines.
And animals are just as capable of being made sick by eating tainted foods as we are.
As people have said, you can happily eat raw chicken, pork, beef, fish.
In point of fact, we as a species are perfectly capable of eating raw, uncooked foods, including meat.
I was referring to people being bitches about how the need for everything to being thoroughly cooked as the strictly western issue.
it's [true](http://jn.nutrition.org/content/128/10/1716.full) for some foods, though.
