Original Response:
I've been with this girl for almost a year, we ended up moving in together a couple months ago because we were together all the time anyway.  We knew each other in high school, and almost dated then but never did...and hadn't spoke much since then until we reconnected on Facebook(I'm 29 and shes 28, so it had been about 13 years since we really spoke).  I had just got out of an emotionally abusive 8 year marriage about 6 months before, and she just got out of an emotionally abusive year long relationship about a month before we started talking.  Neither of us had the intention of dating when we agreed to hang out due to the fact that we hadn't been single for that long but we just hit it off so well.  I had dated a few people before her and wasn't too interested in any of them.  But she just captured me.  Things have always been good between us, we don't fight very often, but when we do it's normally about the same things which is why I'm posting because I'm fairly certain that the problem I have rests on me and I want to fix it...I hate feeling this way.

I have issues with not feeling like I'm that important to her.  It started after a couple months of us being together, she ended up having a drug related relapse (she was a recovering addict)...and it broke my heart.  I felt lied to, betrayed, tossed aside.  She had vanished for a weekend and only contacted me minimally to tell me she was ok and apologizing, but wouldn't tell me where she was.  She eventually did tell me and I went into this hell hole of a place, got her car back(she had loaned it to the dealer for the dope)and brought her home.   After that, things gradually returned to normal.  She's clean now and has been ever since. 

But after that time, I have such anxiety about where I stand with her.  Every little thing makes me question my place.  We are both busy, working full time jobs.  We used to text a lot but she got a new job where she can't use her phone at work and is super busy.  So I was able to accept that, though it seems that she could text me more than she does.  And most of the time if i text "I love you" or "I miss you" while she's working, I won't get a response to it.  She would just a while later she would text me about something else.  That hurts me.  Because anytime she texts "i love you" or "I miss you" and see it, I respond to it..because it wouldn't feel right not to.  I talked to her about it and she says she can't respond to those while she's working, and when she finally gets a chance to sit down and use her phone and text me she doesn't think about that I had sent that earlier.

She has guy friends and I'm ok with that, I honestly don't mind her having guy friends and talking to them.  And we both give each other access to each others phones without question because we are open.  But something will happen that will make me suspicious, like I'll look at her phone and she will have deleted all of her texts, or I'll read a text that I think falls into the lines of flirtatious.  I'll bring those things up and normally at first shes calm and tries to reassure me that I am overreacting and that she loves me and only me and she wouldn't do anything behind my back, but if I don't let it go after a bit of talking, she just gets pissed and wants nothing to do with me for the rest of the night.

I also feel like I don't mean as much to her as her ex did.  I have read some of the conversations they've had in the past.  And he used to look at porn behind her back all the time (she has a serious hatred for the stuff, it makes her feel inadequate and because of that I have agreed not to look at it, and it hasn't been a problem because I find her unbelievably sexy so I don't need to look at it).  And he would belittle her and talk down to her alot...and she would say things to him like "What can I do to make you happy?  What do I need to do to make you only interested in me and not other girls?"  And she also complained a few times to him that they only have sex a couple times a week.  I don't know why I take offense to this because it was in the past.  But I can't help to feel like he got more from her than I do.  We have sex only a couple times a week, and when I try to have it more than that, she complies but it always seems like shes just doing it because I want to, like she's not that in to it.  I make her happy, I am honest,  caring, compassionate, funny, and loving...I never go behind her back or belittle her, yet she seemed way more concerned with his happiness then than she does about mine now.  I talked to her about it and she said she was mentally ill at the time, and that she was trying to convince herself that there was something there that simply wasn't, and the relationship was nothing but toxic. (She actually  started back on drugs towards the end of their relationship due to how unhappy she was).  I try to convince myself that she doesn't say things like that to me or try to gain my affection because I already give it to her, and I do make her happy so she doesn't need to feel anxious and inadequate, she can be comfortable.  I still think it would be nice to get more reassurance from her, and more affection.

I have voiced it to her that I don't think she's affectionate enough with me.  And often when I do she gets frustrated at me.  Things have been a lot better lately, but there was a period of time for a couple months when I really felt like I wasn't important to her.  We talked and since then she has been a lot more cuddly and we talk all the time when we are together and are never bored.  Sometimes I when I want to have sex though and try and get rejected, it hurts.  We don't kiss or make out like I would like to, only before and during sex and thats only when she initializes the kissing.  When I try to kiss her, we do for a few seconds and then she finishes the kissing with a couple quick smooches.  Kinda makes me feel like I'm being dismissed.

Recently I discovered that she snoops on me often, checks my email, web history, facebook...I've never done anything to make her feel like i was being sneaky...when I confronted her she at first denied it, but then eventually confessed that shes just so used to getting hurt and lied to by men in her life that she has a hard time trusting and letting her guard down.  I said if it helps you realize that I'm worth trusting then you can check anything you want...I have nothing to hide.

I find her unbelievably attractive, in every way...and she says she feels the same about me.  And our day to day life is fine, we talk and get along.  I guess I just can't shake the feeling that something is missing, I am missing a feeling of security and genuine desire towards me from her, and I don't know why...I look at the situation and I can see it's nothing she is doing wrong, it's got to be me...why can't I just be satisfied?

Summary:
I have issues with not feeling like I'm that important to her.
And often when I do she gets frustrated at me.
But I can't help to feel like he got more from her than I do.
What do I need to do to make you only interested in me and not other girls?"
Kinda makes me feel like I'm being dismissed.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
