Original Response:
Let me start off by saying I'm a college freshman, who's almost entering her sophomore year. I'm pretty close/friendly with a group of about 6 people, that I met in the beginning of the year. I bonded with them pretty quickly and didn't feel the need to branch out or meet new people since I already had a decent group. We do almost everything together--hanging out on the weekends, going to parties, studying, eating dinner, attending classes, etc.




James, is one of the people in our group, and he's a pretty decent person. Sometimes he can be annoying, which I tolerate because he's in the group and gets along with everyone else, and occasionally says problematic things. But overall, he's a fine person to hang out around.


Since being in college, I've only been extremely drunk around them once, in the beginning of last semester. Our group, and about 5 other people, drank and went around our campus. I don't remember most of the night, but I did make out with a girl (not anyone in the group). But usually, I either don't drink or get somewhat tipsy but refrain from getting absolutely plastered.


Almost every weekend, our group goes into James' suite to drink and just hang out. James shares the suite with 3 other people, and their common room is pretty spacious compared to everyone else's in the group. Last weekend wasn't any different, and our group started off the night with some cool tunes and drinks. James' suite mate bought a really expensive bottle of vodka, and of course, I had to test it out. I took half shots and mixed it with juice, so I wasn't really keeping track of how much I was drinking. 

James also drank a lot, and started off the night with back to back shots. About two hours into the night, one friend left to hang out with other people. At this point, I knocked over a shot or two, by accident, but still continued to keep drinking. I knew it was a sign that I somewhat had to stop, but I really felt fine. Maybe an hour later, another friend decided to leave, and James' suitemate joined her to her room.


James and I were alone, and at this point, we got on the topic of attraction. Let me also note that the group has known, since the beginning of the semester, that I identify as gay, and that I used to identify as bisexual. 

James asked if I ever done anything with a guy, and I mentioned kissing one guy in high school. He then asked if I ever done anything with a girl, and I brought up the makeout session I had with the girl, the first time I got drunk. But other than that, I mentioned that I haven't done anything else with girls. James then asks if I would ever do anything with a guy now, and I say yes. I make it clear that I would just do it for experience, but I'd rather have my first sexual experience be with a girl. At the time, I just thought his questions were out of curiosity, but I now know the true intention behind them.


We start talking about something else, and James' suitemate comes back. The 3 of us talk for a while, but James' suitemate says he's going to bed. It's probably early in the morning now, and James' suitemates and roommate are in their room, sleeping, or at least in bed. At this point, I was sitting in a chair, and move to sit closer to James.


I stretch out beside him, and our faces are at least a foot, probably less away from each other. I'm honestly not sure who made the first move, but all of a sudden we're making out..hard. Everything happened so quickly, but James grabs me, and I'm on top of him. I think he mentions something about not wanting this to be awkward, but I say it won't be. 

After making out, and then frenching, for a while, he zips down his pants and pulls out his dick. I perform oral on him for all about 10 seconds, but stop, since he was pushing my head down and I was choking. I start jerking him off, and he's moaning. We think we hear a noise coming from his suitemates room, so he recommends that we go into the bathroom in their suite.


We make our way into the bathroom, and James turns on the light. He mentions something about us being really drunk, and if we really wanted to do this. I think I nodded my head, and James tells me to take off my pants, and he tried to have sex with me. I asked if he has a condom, but he obviously didn't have one on him and didn't get one. He didn't really get inside me, but he tried a few times, before giving up and fingering me instead. I'm not sure what happened in between that, but all of a sudden, James says he can't do this anymore, and how he's in love with a girl in our group, Rachel. I didn’t know what else to say, other than “okay”, and I put my pants back on. James hugs me and I hug him back, and he keeps on repeating how he’s sorry and that he’s in love with Rachel. We leave the bathroom, and I make my way to the door. He asks if I’m going to stay, and I say that I’m going to go back to my room.


I leave the room in a trance, and still confused about what just occurred, and text my friend about what happened. After texting her for a while, I head back to my room to sleep everything off. I wake up a few hours later, with a bad hangover, even though I stayed hydrated. I message James to text me when he wakes up, and I drink some water and take a shower and brush my teeth.


A few hours later, James texts me and tells me that he’s up, and I go to his room. Everything in his common room is the same as the night/morning before, so I know what happened was real. His suitemate opens the door, and I say hi to him and go into James room. James’ roommate isn’t there, but we still talk in whispers because James’ suitemate is outside. 


James mentions how he’s never done anything like this with his friends, and how we were both super drunk yesterday, and how he’s really sorry. We both agree not to tell anyone about this, ever, and I make him promise. I tell James how I won’t tell Rachel that he likes her, either. Because I was low on cash, I ask for money for Plan B, and even though James says I don’t need it, I didn’t want to take any chances. I ask if he’s going to come with me, and he says he’s really hungover, but that he’d give me the money anyway.


There was a game planned, by Rachel, and I already agreed to be a part of it, earlier on in the week. Our group, except for James, participated, and so do I, to get a sense of normalcy back. After the game was over, which took about an hour, I went back to James room and asked again if he still wasn't coming with me. James says he’s still extremely hungover, and if I really want him to go. I told him it would be nice for him to come, but that I’d just go by myself.


I’m still recovering from my hangover later in the day, and spend most of my time in bed, after going to the pharmacy to get the Plan B. I finally eat dinner with the group, but it’s extremely awkward around James. He makes a point to sit the farthest away from me at the table, and engages in conversation with a few people.


Now, in present time, a week and a half has passed from the whole situation. The first few days, I was really anxious, and ate dinner at an earlier time, without the group, just to avoid James. I don’t know how to mend our relationship, or if it would even get back to where it was ever again. Ever since that weekend, I’ve been in my room more than usual. I don’t feel comfortable hanging out in James’ common room, which means weekend hangouts are nonexistent for me, and plus, I don’t trust myself to drink anymore. I’ve eaten dinner with the group, but I always feel weird around James. I’m honestly trying to get over it, and I have somewhat, but James is still making it awkward, which makes me feel awkward.


I know I can’t control other people’s feelings, but I’m not sure what to say to him about the whole situation, or if I should even confront him at all. I enjoy hanging out with my group of friends, but I feel like the tension between me and James is definitely preventing that. It’s not like I can even hang out with one person in the group, because we all find a way to be around each other in the end. 


I have a feeling that James’ suitemate might know what happened, but I’m not sure how to ask either of them, without raising suspicion. I have a month and a half left of school, so I honestly decided to just ride it out, but I don’t think I’d be able to do it. I still feel anxious and isolated, and I even though I’m an introvert, I don’t like being alone all the time, and I need to be around people. Any advice?

TL;DR- Had a drunken hookup with a friend, relationship is beyond awkward, and have no idea how to mend relationship, if even possible

Summary:
James says he’s still extremely hungover, and if I really want him to go.
He asks if I’m going to stay, and I say that I’m going to go back to my room.
James, is one of the people in our group, and he's a pretty decent person.
A few hours later, James texts me and tells me that he’s up, and I go to his room.
We start talking about something else, and James' suitemate comes back.
After the game was over, which took about an hour, I went back to James room and asked again if he still wasn't coming with me.
I don’t know how to mend our relationship, or if it would even get back to where it was ever again.
After texting her for a while, I head back to my room to sleep everything off.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
