Original Response:
We had been dating for about 4.5 years, were both 19 (M&amp;F) when we met at the beginning of college, now we are both 23. She was in two bad relationships at the beginning of college that I helped her through and out of, and we had been dating ever since until 3 months ago. I had never been in a relationship before her. We lived separate dorms our first two years and then moved off-campus in a house together after that. There had never been any truly rough spots between us during that whole time. Sure, we had arguments. Sure, there were trying personal moments in each of our lives during that time. But we stuck together brilliantly the whole time. In the past year, school had been getting really stressful and difficult for her and she was on edge more and more. I didn't think anything was bad between us though. Anyway, three months ago she said she wanted to take a break, she didn't know what she wanted in life, she was afraid that we were already acting like an old married couple, she was worried that she didn't know herself defined outside of a relationship, and if she didn't do this she was worried that she was going to look back on life and regret not doing this but never have another chance.

Naturally, this upset me and I let her know this, but I applauded her desire to go out and grow as an individual and let her know that she had my full support and that I would be there if she needed me. I knew that she had entered the bad relationships earlier because she felt like she needed to be in a relationship and I was proud she was making an effort to grow as a person, so I 'let her go' with my blessing. She said that she doubted this was 'the end' between us, but she didn't want to promise anything.

Across the next three months, we didn't really keep in touch (I was trying to give her space), save for snippets over email every week or so ("How are you doing? Hows the new place? etc.) and she occasionally show up for a minute of two to take a bit more of her stuff. There was also one longer conversation in person when I asked to meet her to soothe my paranoia that she had left me because of some personal failings of mine that she didn't want to tell me about at the time. She assured me this wasn't the case.

Anyways, I've recently found out she's involved in another relationship. I don't know how serious it is or how long it's been going on and I got a little offended/jealous. I called her up to ask to talk in person. She asked if we could just talk on the phone. I asked her if she had anything to say about this new guy and she declined to comment. I asked her how she could consider this as living on her own and she declined to comment. (Looking back on it, I was too aggressive. She's completely and utterly non-confrontational.) I asked her what has changed between us and she said 'nothing'. Feeling threatened by this other guy, I told her that I still loved her and that I wanted to try and win back her heart. She asked me not to. I asked if she intended our separation to be permanent and she said she didn't know and that 'forever is a long time'. The conversation didn't end with any remarks akin to 'don't call back', but it certainly didn't end on an upbeat note.

I'm not sure what to do. Part of me is worried that she's in a rebound relationship again; that's she confused and just jumped into something to be in a relationship. I'm worried that it really isn't helping her in the long run to be in another relationship right now. I just don't want her running away from me into something else that's worse because she's scared of the future and she's scared of making a mistake she can't go back on. The other part of me tells myself that I'm a jealous possessive bastard who doesn't want to let her go for my own self-gratification and I'm too blind to see any problems that existed between us.

I know I wasn't the perfect boyfriend and housemate. I know I didn't take care of my fair share of the cooking and chores and got used to her taking care of those things and got complacent and forgot to be truly appreciative of all the little things she did. I know I didn't show her how much I cared often enough. I blame it all on a very short supply of leftover money, time, and energy but I maybe I just didn't try hard enough. I'm terrified that I'm not going to get a second chance here. I know for sure that I wasn't perfect. But she's the first to recognize that she isn't a perfect person either.

Anyway, the point is that I don't know what to do with her. I don't know if I should still try and contact her to work things out, or if that will just make it worse. I don't know if I should sit around and wait for her to decide what she wants in life; I'm scared that she's going to make a choice for the wrong reasons. She tried going to therapy a while ago, but said she didn't think it was necessary; Myself, I've never quite been convinced it wouldn't help her out. Personally, I'm going to start seeing a therapist to work out my feelings towards all of this because it's getting pretty unhealthy. (In hindsight, I could've got us in some couple's therapy when she turned down individual therapy. But I don't think that option is on the plate right now) I've tried to talk to my/our friends about the situation, and they've offered advice that I've considered but in the end I don't want to put them in a tough spot; they're mutual friends of ours. I don't want them to feel like they're taking a side.

Any suggestions on what I should be looking at doing next or any similar situations to share?

TLDR; Girlfriend of 5 years left me to 'take a break from relationships' but is currently dating? another guy. I'm worried about her reasoning and mental health but don't want to push the issue for fear of making things worse and am not entirely convinced I'm not motivated by self-interest.

Summary:
She asked me not to.
I had never been in a relationship before her.
I called her up to ask to talk in person.
Anyway, the point is that I don't know what to do with her.
I'm not sure what to do.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
