Original Response:
Will try to summarize as concise as possible.  Began dating my friend's sister after meeting her on fire island.  She was real into me after I initially flirted with her and chased me pretty hard and we ended up hanging out after the vacation was over (I am 28, she is 25).  I took things relatively seriously given she was my friend's sister.  We made out our first date and had already been texting about every 30 minutes to an hour everyday.  This rate of texting continued, and we began to say real cute things like goodnight, sleep well, etc.  The texting was always interesting and funny, nothing dull or bland.  This is where I felt we really connected.  The second date went well too.  The third date was also at my apartment.  She came over and was real happy to see me, and immediately we were cuddling on the couch and making out.  She said to me "I know we have been texting everyday but I want to take things slow, they always work out badly for me when it's too fast". 

So I said "I'm down to hang out and have fun, I like you, and I'm not seeing anyone else".  The rest of the night went awesome ( we still had not had sex or anything, it was more emotional making out, cuddling, holding hands stuff).  Now comes the critical juncture point.  It had been a month, and she invited me to the bar that Friday to celebrate her friend's graduation. She introduced me to 5 or 6 of her friends and one was even like "oh, that's brendan!!". Later that night, when she was a little drunk, she was all over me.  I literally couldn't separate her (not that I wanted to). She said "I wanna go hang out". I said "me too".  She said "what do you wanna do", I said "go cuddle on the couch", and something about "not tonight".  (we were both with a friend, but logistically I think it would actually have worked out if we left together) This statement changed the vibe a little and she really hugged me tightly.  In retrospect I realize she wanted to leave to go hang out at my apartment which almost certainly would have led to sex, given she couldn't take her hands off me.  For the next hour to hour or two we were hitting it off amazingly.  My friend said we looked like we were meant to be together.  She would go from hugging me to telling me she liked me, to saying I was cool, to briefly mentioning maybe I should go to California with her in 2 months.   I also overheard her saying to her friend "fuck relationships!!" .

Now comes one critical piece of information I was not aware of at the time.  She was on a breakup at the time from her on again/off again ex fiance/boyfriend of SEVEN YEARS, who I went to high school with and was facebook friends with.  I was facebook friends with both of them, but I never talk to him, we are at best an acquaintance. So her "fuck relationships" remark was either meaning in general or specifically towards him. 

My wingman bails into a cab soon after and I suddenly have to go.  I gave her a long, romantic kiss goodbye and all she said was "text me tomorrow".  I woke up the next day and already had a text from her, and everything seemed great.  She was busy that day and sunday (which she said previously and I know the girl who she was with who was leaving for spain sunday so this time they were legit excuses), but we kept texting and Sunday night for the first time she asked me to stay up late texting her.  (on a side note, I think we texted instead of talking on the phone b/c we were both shy). So I stayed up a little late, but my phone's reception went out and I didn't get her response to one of them and I ended up going to bed, though I could have stayed up all night talking to her.  Wednesday that week I sensed a change in her attitude and that is when her excuses started rolling in for not being able to hang out.  I made the epic mistake of asking her if she wanted to be my girlfriend when I sensed the change, and she said "I'm not quite ready for that just yet, I hope you understand.  But that doesn't mean I don't want to hang out and talk with you".  I said I was fine with that and thought maybe that's what she wanted.  My gut tells me they got back together before I asked her this.  This is because Tuesday she said we'd hang out Wed or Thurs and Wed for the first time she didn't text me once all day.  I finally texted her that night and she said she was feeling sick all day which I truly believe was an excuse, and that was when I asked her to be my GF (in my defense the convo steered in that direction I didnt just cold stone say it.  I still believe that was a mistake tho)

To make a longer story short I found out a month later from her brother that she and her ex boyfriend had gotten back together at some point between the weekend at the bar with me and the next weekend.  She never told me this, in fact she strung me a long and made no indication anything was wrong.  She was just always "busy".  Even when I straight up asked her if she was really still interested in hanging out.

After her brother told me this info, I stopped talking to her and told her off.  I made the mistake of backtracking, apologized, and asked what happened.  She basically said she guessed her heart is with the ex fiance b/c they have been on and off for so long, that she likes me and likes hanging out with me, but it's not fair to string me along while she also has feelings for someone else, and she apologized.  I made the mistake of trying to win her over for 2 months, which ultimately failed, and we no longer talk.  I am now strictly no contact.

My main question is could I have changed anything by sleeping with her that night?  The sex would have been amazing b/c of the chemistry between us, she would have slept over, and we would have cuddled... the whole 9 yards. Our first date I tried to make things a little sexual and she stopped me, so it's not like she was just out for the sex.  Could she still have gone back to the guy 5 days after sleeping with me?  

Based on all of this the best conclusion I can make is that he came back into the scene and wanted to get back and she didn't seem to hesitate. Based on their facebook posts in the past it definitely seemed like she was the one dumped, ie. one which read "you're only free to do anything once you've lost everything".  I also think he may have caught on to our facebook interactions and got jealous and/or highly suspicious. They were also going to a wedding together 2 weeks after our night at the bar, which kinda makes me believe this was all inevitable if they both still deep down loved each other. 

Girls - would sleeping together have changed anything?  For arguments sake let's assume the sex was amazing b/c we had a lot of chemistry.  Is this something that the guy would even have found out about?  Would you still be able to go back to an ex a few days after doing that? Does this even stand in comparison to seven years of history with an ex fiance who you still have feelings for?

Guys - if you have been in a similar situation as the ex fiance, would you take a girl back like this if you found out she slept with someone you vaguely knew?  Would that subject even be brought up if you were getting back together and were on a break?  Would it matter? Technically they were not together so I don't know how upset one can get.

I am basically looking for opinions on what happened and for some sense of closure.  I can't reach out to her at this point.  I feel like I missed my opportunity that night.  No doubt I could have slept with her, but the harder part is thinking I lost out on something more with her because of it.  

Would appreciate any advice.  I really fell for this girl and I have been so confused by what happened.  When we first met I walked away from her at the bar and she ran back to the house on fire island upset.  I dont understand how I can have that much of an effect on her and lose it all...tho I guess nothing trumps 7 years of history with an ex fiance.

Thank you, from a broken heart.

Summary:
She said "I wanna go hang out".
Would you still be able to go back to an ex a few days after doing that?
Girls - would sleeping together have changed anything?
Even when I straight up asked her if she was really still interested in hanging out.
My friend said we looked like we were meant to be together.
My gut tells me they got back together before I asked her this.
Technically they were not together so I don't know how upset one can get.
She was just always "busy".

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
