Original Response:
Hello reddit, this is my first post ever on reddit. I've been lurking about trying to find some advice based on other posts similar to my own relationship troubles. I feel like this is going to look like a wall of text but I just need some advice from an outsider's point of view. I just got off the phone with a 24 hr councilor and got a couple of numbers for support groups around my area, I just feel like I hit rock bottom and am completely alone. If anyone can help, i'd really appreciate it.


I've been with my boyfriend for 2 years and he truly is a great friend and a good boyfriend, I care for him very much and I love him immensely. He's been around all my life, although from afar, he was in my kindergarden class as well as my high school English class, so I knew of him but I never spoke to him. He got in contact with me over facebook (of course) and we got to know each other for several months before officially getting together. Everything was great, as it always is during the honeymoon phase, about 10 months in he took me on vacation to the pocconos for the second time, along with his best friend and his best friend's girlfriend.  


While over there, I saw that he had a video of himself talking to one of his friends. He was basically calling me a loser and saying that I don't have any friends and that they should go and "get some hoes" because his friend was so horny, his friend also has a girlfriend. Needless to say, I was deeply heart and confronted him about it and his response was that he  didn't mean it and was just saying that because he was around his friend and was high. I told him I didn't want to be with someone who didn't respect me and would think impressing his friends were more important than my feelings. He apologized sincerely, we talked about it for a long time and I ultimately forgave him. Ever since then I've had a problem trusting him completely but our communication with one another was really good and whatever arguments we had, we always solved. 


There was an incident where a co-worker at the time was texting me inapporpitately and he went through my texts and saw it, he also saw that I never talked back with this guy in a inappropitate way, I didn't know how to assert myself and tell the guy in a harsh way that I wanted him to stop, I tried nicely and honestly I'm very conscious of other people's feelings and I didn't want to create an enemy but instead of not hurting anyone, I hurt my boyfriend and I pleaded with him and tried to show him that I had no interest in anyone else but him, I gave him his space and he agreed to  try again with me.

 
Fast forward to a little after my birthday and our 2 year anniversary, I looked through his texts to find out that he was telling his best friend about how he had gotten a girls number and that he was going to hook his best friend up with this girl's friend. Keep in mind, his best friend has a girlfriend and I talk with her frequently.

 
I immediately woke him up from his slumber in my room and told him to get out and that I didn't want to be with him. I was really hurt obviously, but I wasn't screaming or reacting crazy, (I have a tendency to overreact.) He tried to ask me why, but I couldn't stand the sight of his face. So he left and while he was driving home, I sent him a text saying "I hope it was worth it and now I have to get checked for stds and everything", he replied that I have nothing to worry about because he didn't have sex with anyone, to which I replied that you can get stds or HIV from oral sex, again he said I didn't have anything to worry about. Now due to catching an std from an ex bf, I am always very serious when it comes to protection even though I don't have the std anymore and I get regular check ups from my gyn. When he got home he called me and was angry that I went through his phone, I explained that it was a seperate issue than the one at hand. 


I asked him about the texts and he said it was just a test to see if I was going through his phone, to which I called bullshit and demanded the truth because it's my health that he's putting at risk by cheating. He explained to me that he did get this girl's number but through Facebook and that she lived in the apartment building he use to live at all his life, he said that he never saw her and he wasn't trying to have sex with her or anything and that he was just trying to show off for his best friend, and that he's deeply sorry and he knows it's childish. He said I could call the girl to find out and call his bestfriend also, of course I said no to both because it's between him and me. I mention Facebook because on the texts, he tells his friend that he bumped into her, this girl lives only a couple of blocks away from me and she went to my high school so I know who she is and we have mutual friends. I asked him if he was looking for sex or anything from her and he responded that he wasn't that he was just having a normal conversation with her and they traded numbers but they never texted or had any phone conversations. I have many male friends that I hang out with and I don't believe in a double standard and see nothing wrong with him having female friends. 


So I told him that we were still young and I understand that we may want to experience other relationships and if that was the case with him and why he was talking to other girls (I still didn't believe him) then I completely understand.  He denied it and said he doesn't want anyone else and that he wants to stay with me. I told him that my trust in him is gone, why would I want to be with someone I don't trust? He brings up how he gave me a second chance and how he would prove to me that he wants this relationship to work if I would just let him, I gave him a second chance the first time and I don't really believe in people changing.

 
I really want our relationship to work and I had repaired our relationship from the tatters it was because of my mistake, so after a day of just thinking, I said okay. Now, I'm the type of person who wouldn't hold something against the person I love or anyone really, so when I forgive someone I never rub their mistake in their faces, he's the exact opposite. I'm still having trouble completely moving on from this mistake and not feeling insecure about our relationship and myself. I'm a pretty confident person, what other people think about me doesn't matter, but he said that his best friend knew about my run in with the co-worker and was telling my bf, basically, to cheat on me, and that's why my bf felt so pressured to impress his best friend and lie about wanting to hook up with this girl. 



I just don't understand it, I feel so stupid and insecure about myself and this relationship. I don't know if I made a huge mistake by allowing him another chance. I feel like I may have a codependent relationship because I'm always going the full 100% and always apologizing, even when it may not be my fault. I'm a caring person by nature, i'm a lifeguard and I'm attending school to become an RN. I love helping people just for their smiles. 
I need help, I don't know what to do. Is he taking advantage of my kindness? Should I just allow him to prove himself to me? I feel like I haven't fully given him time since its only been a couple of days. I'm tired of empty promises, I repeatly tell him, actions speak louder than words. 



Tl;dr: boyfriend was texting best friend about getting another girls number and trying to make moves to hook up with her. I find out and ask him about it and he says he was lying to his best friend to impress him because his best friend wanted him to "get even" and that he was never trying to hook up with the girl but he did get her number off Facebook although he says he wasn't flirting with her to get it because they were friends from high school, along with pictures from her album to send to his best friend.  I took him back but am lost as to what I should do. Please help.

Summary:
I need help, I don't know what to do.
Tl;dr: boyfriend was texting best friend about getting another girls number and trying to make moves to hook up with her.
I love helping people just for their smiles.
While over there, I saw that he had a video of himself talking to one of his friends.
I'm still having trouble completely moving on from this mistake and not feeling insecure about our relationship and myself.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
