Original Response:
My boyfriend and I have been dating for two years now. I am 24, he is 22. Before we dated I was a little crazy, I went to bars and drank, had a lot of boyfriends, had a couple one night stands, and hung out with some people who weren't that great. In all honesty it wasn't that awful of things to do but some people are really good at making you feel bad. At one point I realized that I didn't like my life and I started to date my current boyfriend, knowing that he wasn't like that. I felt like it was a ticket to a better life. I should have waited a little while to sort myself out, but who does that when they think they are in love? I told him the basic details about my past. In all honesty I did leave out some names and small details because I was really ashamed. Our relationship was great, I thought he was the one.

 Looking back now there were a few warning signs. He was very insecure about my love for him, and if I didn't say exactly what he wanted to hear he would get very upset. He was also not respectful or kind to his mother, something that always bothered me. 

We had a two month long road trip across the country planned with one of my best friends. The night before he and she had gotten in a fight and we ended up going without her.(at this point we had been dating about 4 months) When we left all he could talk about was how awful of a person she was and how I shouldn't be friends with her. 

About a week into the trip he started to get very inquisitive about my past. He kept pushing it and pushing it, particularly asking the name of one guy that I had a one night stand with (the one thing that made me decide to change my life for the better). I was extremely ashamed of it and didn't want to talk about it but eventually I gave in and told him. He knew the guy, and in the past had talked about how big of a douchebag he was. After I told him he immediately flipped out. Calling me a whore and many other vile names I don't care to repeat. At this point we were about a two days drive from home. I thought this might have been a one time freak out and we would work it out and get better, so we continued on the trip. 

Things only got worse from there. He continually berated me every day. I was stuck with him yelling at me in my tiny little car days away from home. At first I tried to defend myself and be logical and hold onto myself as much as possible, however it got so bad that I ended up being as quiet as possible and agreeing with him just to get through. This entire trip took a huge toll on my self confidence. 

Near the end of the trip we stayed the night at my other best friend's house in Chicago. He wanted to leave early and at this point I was doing whatever he said just to keep the peace. We asked if she would drive us to his aunts house, which was probably about a 2 hour drive. I have picked her up at the train station two hours away from our hometown countless times, however she wasn't interested in losing 4 hours of her night to help us out. We ended up using the very last of our money to catch a train out to his aunts house. I agree this was a little bit of an inconsiderate thing to do, but everyone has flaws. To my boyfriend though, she was pretty much the most awful person on the planet and I shouldn't be friends with her either. That was a little too much for me to handle and I refused. I still saw her, although every time I did I got yelled at by my boyfriend. We don't talk anymore. I don't talk with my other best friend anymore either, the one we left behind.

 I have no idea why I didn't leave him at some point on the trip, or break up with him when we got back. I wanted to more than anything else in the world. I was just stuck. I had no voice left. He is not as bad as he was on the trip anymore. He still puts me down a lot and tries to tell me what to do. Every night when we go to bed I HAVE to scratch his back to head until he falls asleep. If I don't he will whine and bitch and yell.

 I have tried to tell him that he is wrong in how he treats me, but any time we have an argument everything is always my fault. Everything always comes back to how I am a whore. I have no one to talk to anymore. I feel so trapped. I have immense guilt from not talking to my best friends anymore. And I agree with him that there are things about them that aren't that great. I have no idea if I really don't want to be friends with them, or if that is my boyfriend in my head. 

I'm not scared of being alone. I guess it is just the breaking up part that I can't go through with. I can't handle what he will say to me if I try. Sometimes I'm afraid that I will try and he won't let it happen and then things will be worse. I'm not really expecting anyone to read this. It just feels very good to get it off my chest. There is so much more to say as well I just can't think of it at the moment. Advice and questions are welcome. Thanks.

Tl;dr: My boyfriend is controlling and emotionally abusive. I can't figure out how to leave him.

Summary:
I have no one to talk to anymore.
He is not as bad as he was on the trip anymore.
I don't talk with my other best friend anymore either, the one we left behind.
I can't figure out how to leave him.
My boyfriend and I have been dating for two years now.
I have immense guilt from not talking to my best friends anymore.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
