Original Response:
Hey r/relationships. I usually try to stay off of here because I am a drama llama, and I blather on way too much, but I just can't figure this one out on my own.

Last year, in February, I went to a scholarship competition at what would become my college. I briefly met this really cool gal Heidi and came away with a huge crush and a feeling that she was wayyyyyy out of my league.

Fast forward to late August. We both start at the college and hang out a bit at first, but she takes up with a Russian exchange student and I write it off as a lost cause by October. We only saw each other at meal times for the most part, but I do remember a few notable comments from her during this time anyway:

1. After eating kunch together: “I better go talk to Regina, she gets really upset when I talk to pretty girls”
2. She compliments me frequently - once on my eyes, several times on my lips, my clothes almost every time she sees me, sometimes my jewelry or hair
3. She laughed at me for calling myself unattractive
4. "Do you have my number? I want you to have my number."

Sometime in November a mutual friend started telling me I should “text Heidi more” and Heidi simultaneously started to talk to me more frequently. I tried to avoid her anyway because Heidi had developed a reputation as a player since breaking up with Regina-the-Russian, and I didn't want to get played.

So, after like three weeks of this, Heidi texts me and asks if we can “talk”. This is notable because it's the first time we ever saw each other outside of goddamn cafeteria. We had a long, weird conversation, mostly her asking me questions about why I've acted one way or another and me trying to explain myself. I ended up telling her a lot of personal history, stuff I don't share with just anyone, and feeling all warm and fuzzy.

I thought for sure that we were growing closer, but it was fast approaching finals week and we were both really busy. We went on a date, got super intoxicated, and went back to her dorm afterwards. It was the awkwardest thing. She's much more butch than I, so as a switch/androgynous sort, I was playing femme for her. or rather, trying to.

We were in her car in the oarking lot outside and I kept waiting for her to invite me inside, making smalltalk. She didn't, and I was getting fucking cold, so I said “I'm going to go back to my room then” and she responded with a totally desolate sounding “please don't go”, so I took my hand off the door latch and stayed. I tried to get her to talk about what she was feeling since it seemed like something was wrong, but she was evasive. I eventually pointed out that I was freezing and she let me into the building, but when we were outside her door, she acted all strange and said “so what are you going to do now?”

I was like.... Wtf bitch. I said “I guess I'm going to go back to my room” and she got all flustered and backpedaled said "you're not really going to leave, are you?" I said "no, but you haven't given me any other options..." and she suggested we watch a movie. 

So, we laid down and started up a movie. I know the movie trick all too well, but fifteen minutes in, she had pulled no moves and I was in serious danger of falling asleep. So I turned and kissed her, and heavy making out soon ensued. It was pretty hot. She interrupted three times. The first was to say "I'm not a gentle woman, Cait!" to which I assured her that I knew, and I was not one, either. The second was to say "I like fingernails" to which I responded with light scratching on her neck, which she seemed to love. Then she was on top of me and trying to get up my skirt, and right before I interrupted her, she did it for me and said "I'm sorry, you're so beautiful, I just don't want to take advantage of you!"

I had had enough WTF for the night and went to sleep promptly thereafter.

The next week was absurd. She complained that I never responded to her texts, so I started being more friendly and SHE stopped responding to ME. I finally cornered her into a long talk about a week after the date because every time I did talk with her, she led me to believe she really wanted to see me, but we never saw each other.

She said she had been interested in me since she first met me, thought I was out of her league, and that she “didn't just want to sleep with” me. She also shared that she, too, is polyamorous, and said she's have to end things with a lot of other people before starting things with me. At the end of the conversation, we were laughing and agreed that we had “fucked things up before there was even anything to fuck up”. I asked her if she wanted there to be something to fuck up in the future and she went deer-in-headlights and said she didn't understand. I didn't know how to explain myself because I was embarrassed and the conversation ended on a very sour note, though I don't understand why that question upset her so much.

The next day I saw hung out with her for a little over an hour, helping her with a painting for her final and stuff. She kept saying she was bored and lonely and wanted to lay down for a nap, but kept saying no when I tried to leave, so eventually I was just like “well, can I lay down with you then? It seems to me that you're sad, and I'm sad, and we could cheer each other up". She responded “I don't think that's a good idea, Cait" and shook her head when I asked “why?” so I laughed and shook my head and walked out, too frustrated and confused to say anything else.

She hasn't spoken to me since (that was Dec 12th). I've sent two totally normal “what's up?” texts and tried saying “hello” on Facebook IM twice as well, but not since the fourteenth. I'm not going to be a desperate creep stalker.

I don't understanddddd Reddit. I really like her, and supposedly she really likes me, so what the hell happened?

And regardless, how am I supposed to act when I see her again in a few days?

tl;dr: two crazy people try to start a relationship

Summary:
I want you to have my number."
I tried to get her to talk about what she was feeling since it seemed like something was wrong, but she was evasive.
I asked her if she wanted there to be something to fuck up in the future and she went deer-in-headlights and said she didn't understand.
So, after like three weeks of this, Heidi texts me and asks if we can “talk”.
I really like her, and supposedly she really likes me, so what the hell happened?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
