Original Response:
Hi everyone and thanks in advance for reading. Like a lot of others I'm a long time lurker, first time poster and I'm doing this on mobile so please forgive any errors and I'm sorry if this gets long - I feel the need to vent and I also realize that my position on this might be unpopular and want to make sure I give enough details to get informed advice. 

An important note:
I am not a huge family person. I love my family, but we don't have a whole lot in common (mostly we just live in different worlds) so my mom and grandparents and I chat a few times a month and that's about it. I haven't been back home in quite a few years as I've been quite busy and content with my life. My family knows and understands that this is just the way I am, apparently I'm just like my uncle so they're used to it.

Background: 
I am an only child and my parents divorced when I was very young - I mean, I don't ever remember them ever being together young. My mother received primary custody and my dad had the ability to schedule visits and I was also supposed to visit him for a certain amount of weeks during the year, usually in the summer time. 

For as log as I can remember (and yes, I could be misremembering some as I was young at the time), I would spend all year with my mom in one state and would have to fly to my dad in another, far away state for a few weeks in the summer. This worked fine while I was younger (think 6th grade and younger) but around middle school, I began to really dread having to go and visit him. I can go into details further in the comments as to why, but partly it was because it was beginning to be really boring, I didn't know my family (him, grandparents, aunts/uncles and cousins) there well enough to really have fun with/be excited about. 

Mostly, though, I didn't want to leave my life down in my home state. I had friends there, I had weekly activities that I loved doing, I had my other set of grandparents that I enjoyed visiting every other weekend and, most of all, I had a sport that I was beginning to do for competition that I didn't want to miss practice or meets during the summer. 

I distinctly remember calling him, sometime around age 13 or 14, a week or two before I was supposed to visit to tell him I didn't want to visit, I had too much going on and that I was sick (I legitimately was - I remember having a terrible stomach ache). I never visited him again. I don't remember why exactly but I don't remember him ever bringing up me visiting again after that (again, I could be misremembering). For a while there were still the monthly and holiday phone calls and Christmas/birthday gift givings...but eventually all that died off and I really only started to talk to him once or twice a year on the phone and eventually those ended as well. I should note that I feel this happened due to lack of effort on both ends, mine and his.

By the time I was graduating high school I hadn't spoken to him in a couple years and this contained on through the next 10 years. 

Now: 
I am now a grown woman, with an amazing husband, a large furry family and a relatively successful and very busy career. I have moved well beyond any thoughts or concerns I previously had regarding my dad and, quite honestly, did not really think much about him anymore. Suffice it to say, I don't really care if I ever see or speak to my dad again - he is just not part of my life and that's ok with me. 

My dad found me on Facebook a few years ago and added me as a friend. I figured "sure? Why not add him? This way he can see what I'm up to, if he wants and, ya know, maybe we'll exchange a few how are yous and that will be that." This is how it worked for a while until he realized I had moved very close to where he currently lives with his brand new wife and insta-family. 

Now, every. single. holiday. he messages me practically begging me to come to the family dinner he has and if I say no or just don't respond he always ends up making this (to me) extremely manipulative and passive aggressive public Facebook post and tags me in it (e.g. "It's a wonderful holiday but my heart is heavy because I miss my daughter *tags me*. Why won't you talk to me?"). Now this all just pisses me off. I don't like being manipulated and I'm a very private person so I don't like my life being aired to a bunch of people that I don't know. I let it go the first four or five times it happened, just quietly ignored or untagged myself in it but it got to be too much and I ultimately, quietly, unfriended him for it. 

It's been a few weeks and now he's realized I unfriended him and he wants to know why and why I won't come hang out or really talk to him and "like it or not [he's my] father". 

Honestly, (whether or not this makes me a bitch or ungrateful daughter) there's no real good answer other than - I don't want to. I didn't want to before the Facebook annoyance and now I really don't after. I have a very busy life that's full of other kinds of family, I'm in and out of town a lot, I work long hours and I couldn't care less about meeting with him. I don't want to "rekindle" (hell, I only talk to my mom once every couple of weeks on the phone), I don't want to meet his new family and I already have one big, happy family - I don't need or want anymore. 

My question(s):
I guess my question is - how do I respond? Do I tell him I just don't want/care to? Do I actually tell him that? Do I just ignore it all or do I give polite excuses/half-truths? 

TL;DR - Somewhat estranged bio-dad wishes to "rekindle" and I do not. Friended on Facebook but he continued to passive aggressively tag me in "why won't you talk to me" public posts, quietly unfriended and he just now discovered and is asking why I unfriended and why I won't talk to him like a daughter should. 

How do I respond? Should I respond?

Summary:
I never visited him again.
I didn't want to before the Facebook annoyance and now I really don't after.
Do I actually tell him that?
My question(s):
I guess my question is - how do I respond?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
