Original Response:
Both 26 (I'm female, he's male), in a 3 year relationship but I've known and loved him for a decade.  We both suffer from major depression, but I'm doing something about it (therapy/antidepressants/supportive treatments/lifestyle change) and he is not.

I got him his first job almost 6 years ago, it's retail and full of abuse and misery, and he's still there.  I got out just recently after finally graduating college (he dropped out, same school) and JUST got a great new career job.  He is trying to tell me he is happy for me, but he's been skulking around, not able to celebrate or show any kind of happiness/support.  He broke down and told me that now there is a ton of pressure on him to start his career but he doesn't want to live and can't find any reason to go on and put in the hard work needed to get out of his current job.

I think it's important to note that I'm a survivor of childhood abuse and have major depression and suicidal thoughts myself.  Major suicidal thoughts... I struggle with my affliction every day of my life and I am not happy.  I am TRYING though.  I go to therapy every week, I'm the most positive person people around me know, and it's because I don't want to bring down anyone around me.  I completely understand not being able to be positive though...  In a relationship, it's hard to hide the misery.  I open up to my boyfriend about my struggles when I assess he's able to handle hearing it and I try to do it in a way that may help him feel like he's not alone, so he knows how hard we both have it and I think that's why we have been so close all these years, because we share the same kind of issues and life struggle.  

He's motivated by attention---he loves attention from outsiders.  He is an artist like I am and he doesn't like doing his art because it's fun, he likes doing it for the attention he receives.  This is normal.  I do my art more for myself and actually try to avoid knowing what others think of it.  But he's been opening up to me that he doesn't enjoy anything, even his art, and isn't happy about anything in his life.  He wants to be famous and he thinks that will bring him happiness (I doubt it will).  He's happy he's with me, but being with me does not lift him at all out of his depression, not even for a moment.  This is what he tells me.  He receives pleasure from being in a relationship with me, and a companionship he feels lucky to have, but it does not help him at all with what he struggles with because it is so severe.

I've fought for so long to make him somewhat more content or calm or at least in some state of deep comfort, but to no avail.  I make him dinner every day, I give him massages and any kind of pleasure I'm able to give him.  I really sacrifice a lot to try to make him feel better on a daily basis.  A LOT.  I'm starting to get a little angry that HE isn't trying to change his life, habits, or outlook at all.  He embraces his depression because it inspires his art.  I get it.  But his depression hurts me, it hurts his family, and it's killing him.  Of course you are NOT supposed to tell a depressed person this, but he knows this because he's a smart guy...which brings him down further.  He wishes he had none of us so that he can suffer alone and not effect anyone.  I get it, I feel the same way about myself... but because of this, over the past few years I've been trying to make myself less of a burden on others (financially, emotionally, health-wise) and it has been paying off.  Not being a burden on others has helped me focus on my issues rather than hating myself for bringing other people down.

I really want him to go to therapy, but he hates therapists because when he was a kid his therapist used to fall asleep during sessions.  Definitely a BAD therapist.  He won't listen to me though, he thinks therapy is BS no matter how hard I try to convince him.  He is very stubborn about it and says it is not for him, even if it is helping me change my own life for the better.  He hates talking about his issues and can't picture having to talk to someone about them frequently.

What the heck do I do?  I don't know how much longer I can keep watching him self-destruct by staying frozen like this.  I know all the kinds of things a therapist would help him through in this kind of situation, but it's unhealthy coming from his girlfriend.  He feels that I mother him sometimes about his moods and talking to him about this kind of stuff makes him feel like I am superior to him in some way, which makes him feel even shittier.  So it NEEDS to come from someone else.  I really think therapy would help encourage him and focus his efforts.

I DON'T want to break up with him.  I don't think I could handle it, honestly.  I'm a bit emotionally dependent.  I try not to let it effect him.  He feels that I'm independent and strong and able to do life better than him, but that's not something I believe.  It's something I've had to force myself to do.  I am a survivor but it doesn't make me able to live life better than him...I have the same exact struggles, we've just had a different path because of chance, luck, and reality as well as my efforts.  He won't understand this.  He just needs to put SOME effort into looking for another job, but he WON'T.  He keeps thinking friends are going to come through with something so he lets his friends take advantage of his talents all the time and not pay him etc.  It makes him hate his friends/connections.  He's all about networking, but I think it's purely because he likes the social attention.  Networking may someday benefit him, but it hasn't yet and I wish he wouldn't solely depend on that.  He has not opened craigslist up once or looked at any of my links I sent him.

I've put my foot down before, I've shown him sadness about this before, despite trying these tactics I have been extremely supportive.  Putting my foot down or making him feel like his shit is effecting me emotionally is damaging, and I shouldn't have done it.  He understands I'm only human though and I don't ever show these emotions to him anymore, just pure support and love now.  Love does NOT help though, it's making him feel like he's just my living toy because he has no will to live for himself or for anything else.  

I am beyond frustrated.  I'm trying not to show him.  It's just that my life is finally changing for the better because of this new job, and while it is going to be the hardest thing I've ever done in my life (lots of responsibility and I have health issues that I'm going to try to cover up so that it won't effect my job...going to be hard) it's something that I want my boyfriend to share some kind of positive emotion with me about.  I wanted to celebrate and create some hope together, because I need it.  I need him to be supportive.  I need his help because this is scary and yet great at the same time and I need to keep the positive perspective because on the inside I'm not positive at all.  He's been a zombie though.  I think he's unhappy that I've left him behind in a way.  I think he thinks this make him look bad, since now his father is thinking he is going to follow suit and get a new better job too.  

Don't know what to do...he's definitely bringing me down in every way.  He inspires me though because of his talent and he is very loving and affectionate.  We are so similar with exactly the same tastes.  I don't want to lose him.  I've searched for someone like him for so long and I don't want to miss out on his life.  He's so unique, and we've got a lot of chemistry and compatibility.  Our similarities do suck sometimes (depression feeding off of each other) but I also think they bring us closer.  

I don't want to give up on him, but is he giving me no choice?  What the hell am I supposed to think about this situation.  I understand depression so I have to be so delicate with him, but it doesn't help him at all and I'm tired of waiting for him to finally decide to change something about his life instead just coping with it all the time.  I was stuck coping for a long time too, and that doesn't get me anywhere, it just helps me survive and not kill myself.  Coping is awesome, but it's temporary.  How can I help him progress?  I've tried so much already.

My therapist tells me that he may not be ABLE to give as much as a healthy relationship needs.  It's my choice whether or not to keep trying to cultivate a healthy relationship with him.  I'm having trouble accepting this because this means that later on down the line when he's older or changed something in his life finally, he may be able to be the perfect boyfriend for me.  But I might not be around then, so that really upsets me. I wish he could do it now, while I'm here with him.  I don't know if I can wait forever for him to decide this himself...



Summary:  BF is suicidal/depressed, against therapy, stuck just coping and being down all the time.  I'm the same way but go to therapy once a week and have started really changing my life around me in hopes of improving my depression.  This is making my boyfriend more depressed because now he feels expected to do the same but he doesn't have the motivation/reason to.  I didn't either but it's hard to get him to understand how treatments and therapy helps you push past that.  Don't know what to do because I don't want to lose him and any kind of "help" coming from me tends to bring him down further because it makes him feel pathetic.

Summary:
I don't want to lose him.
I need him to be supportive.
I'm trying not to show him.
I try not to let it effect him.
I DON'T want to break up with him.
I wish he could do it now, while I'm here with him.
He wants to be famous and he thinks that will bring him happiness (I doubt it will).
I don't want to give up on him, but is he giving me no choice?
I completely understand not being able to be positive though...

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
