Original Response:
Hey reddit. I’ve been a lurker here for awhile, and have gleaned so much insightful advice from the posts.. now I’m seeking some. I’m not sure if my dissatisfaction in this situation is justified and some objective perspective would be appreciated. I'll try to keep this concise, feel free to AMA. Onto the novel...

 Background story: my man (27M) and I (24F) have been dating for 7 months, living together for 2, and it’s been pretty full on great since day one: spending nearly  every day together, great emotional and sexual chemistry, etc. This is my first serious relationship of this magnitude, as it is his in terms of consistency and length. It’s been wonderful- we love each other a lot, have a shit ton of fun, and are learning a lot about communication from one another. There is one thorn, though (in my side, at least)… his ex.

 My BF is the quiet, serious type... he cares a lot for his family but they live in Texas (we’re in WA), and has few friends he keeps in contact with. I am his social life in the town we live in. He has no one here he hangs out with independently from me and my crew. This has never been a problem for us, as he gets space when I attend to my social life/work and has always been a huge introvert. But the connections he forms with people, when he does, run deep.

 It took a long time to learn about his ex, and the presence she still holds in his life. He first mentioned her when we were having a talk about our relationship and its’ boundaries 4 months in. Exclusivity was something he had more reservations about than I in the beginning. I’m familiar with casual sex, but not love, he is the opposite. I'm in the state of mind to experience a committed relationship with no second thoughts. He, however, has had few partners and was a late bloomer. The experience of being with other people is something I know he desires, but he loves me enough that it’s worth it to him to forgo dating other people to be with me. We’ve been monogamous since we met, and when we met he wasn’t seeking a relationship in particular... but it ended up that way. During our discussion, it came to light that when he first moved here a couple years ago (he only lived here for a few months when he first came here, before he had to return home to take care of sick family for a year or so before he returned last spring) he had moved here with a girl he was involved with in Montana, where he spent a couple of years in the army. Now I knew he ended up here accidentally on a roadtrip with a friend, but I never knew the nature of the ‘friendship’. I didn’t press for details, but he mentioned that he had fallen for her hard (only other girl he’s really loved), chased her hard, and she had ended up going on a trip abroad and deciding not to return to our town to be with him. It sounded like a thing of the past, though he mentioned they were still friends and still kept in contact. He told me her name. I didn’t think too much of it.

 Fast forward to about 6 weeks ago. I had noticed that his ex and him had been in pretty frequent contact (his phone says the name of the caller when it rings, his homepage on the computer we share is his inbox, emails from her had been popping up, etc). A couple of times when he was replying to her emails I would walk by or casually glance over and he would not-so-subtly hide the screen. My curiosity and imagination got the better of my will power and integrity, and one night while he was at the gym, I read the last email he had sent her. What I read upset me. They had shared intimate details about their romantic lives... he expressed to her his desire to be with other girls that apparently hadn’t diminished (that topic hadn’t come up between up for months and he knows it’s a painful one for me), a desire that she apparently shares in regards to men, and he shared some explicit details of our sex life with her (i.e. we were planning on making a video, having a 3some, etc). It became obvious that their contact was more frequent than I realized. They ended the majority of their emails with "i looove yooou"s (he says this to me, but not often).

When he got back I felt guilty and ashamed about invading his privacy, but was too upset not to be honest right away about my discovery.  I told him that it upset me because:

-I felt left out- sh knows a LOT about me and our relationship, yet I know next to nothing about her or theirs.
-The fact that he shared so much about our sex life with his ex girlfriend (he adamantly refers to her as a friend, though I can’t help but see her in the ex context) straight up made me feel uncomfortable and betrayed.
-I was concerned that he still had feelings for her, which he might be fostering through frequent contact.

I don't mind him sharing these things with his friends, but it's the nature of their relationship in particular that makes me uncomfortable. The thing is... he doesn't really have any other friends to talk to.

He told me he wasn’t angry about my snooping, he felt he didn’t have anything to hide, and that he understood why I was upset. We had a talk, where more details of their relationship came to light. He was devastated when she didn’t return to WA, but he assured me that he had closure on the relationship. He’s visited her a couple times over the last couple years, the last visit being a few months before he met me, and I know they slept together. I wondered why he would want to have anything to do with someone that broke his heart, and he told me he's not the kind to respond to pain with hate, and that she's important to him because there are very few people in the world that have really "seen" him. He reiterated that they are 'just friends'. She is currently in a relationship as well. I asked directly if he still had feelings for her, and all he really said was that they would always have 'a dynamic'. Over the last couple months he's been making somewhat of an effort to be more transparent about their communication, though over the lat couple weeks two hand written letters have arrived from her, which he quickly shuffled away.

 A few days ago I mentioned that my best friend wants me to go to Coachella music festival. He casually mentioned that he was planning on going to some "crazy, drugged out" festival in the NW mountains this summer called "esthetic evolution". I asked how he learned about it and he said that his ex had invited him. Cue immediate discontent on my part.

 The fact that he brought up the festival so casually, as if he had no expectation of discussion about it, when he knows that this girl is kind of a sore spot for me, bothers me. The fact that he didn't invite me bothers me (not that I would want to go anyways per se, but I'd like to feel welcome if I did.. the only reason I didn't invite him to Coachella outright was because I knew he couldn't afford it). I know this girl is in a relationship, but she seems very free spirited and I don't know what her particular relationship boundaries are, also, she doesn't know me at all so she owes me nothing and is not accountable to me or my relationship with my BF. She may not be in that relationship come this Summer. Who knows, maybe I won't be in this one either, but the fact that he's making plans with her so far out, when we have no plans of the sort, also bothers me a little. I know what the atmosphere of these "consciously" themed music festivals is like (I've been to a few), and the presence of drugs tends to stretch normal boundaries. I have been suspicious that he still has feelings for her since I learned about her, and it seems they certainly have a connection that him and I do not. I worry about these variables combining over a weekend. That night ended with him (somewhat exasperatedly) saying that maybe he just wouldn't go if it would hurt my feelings so much (I didn't deliver any ultimatums). I just can't help but feel threatened by this girl. 

 Now... this boy has never given me a reason not to trust him, and I want to so bad. I know that the basis of good relationships is trust. He is very sincere, deep feeling and well-intentioned. We both believe that we have a lot of potential to grow together. He doesn't want to hurt me. But now I'm struggling with some confusing feelings. I want him to be happy, but I have to attend to my happiness first and don't want to sacrifice mine for his. I want him to have other friends and sources of support in his life, and I know one person can't provide everything another needs, I just wish he'd move on from his past and make some friends that he has no damn romantic history with. I don't want to tell him what to do or be controlling, but I want him to respect my feelings as well. I know that folks are more complicated than their love for one other person, but I can't help but feel that their friendship is somewhat innappropriate in the context of our relationship. Maybe I'm just making too big of a deal of the whole thing, and need to chill out and cut him some slack. But my anxiety about this girl and this situation are starting to erode my ability to give what I want to this relationship. And now I feel like the countdown is on until a few months from now, when I'll be the bad guy that either asks her BF not to go visit his 'friend' at a festival or inadvertently makes him feel bad for going. Ugh.

 So... thank you for reading,. What do you think?  Would you give your blessing for him to go to that festival? Would you ask for a compromise? Are my jealousy and uncertainty in this situation reasonable?

**TL;DR: BF of 7 months remains good friends with an ex that broke his heart (and lives far away), who invited him to a hippie music festival in a few months. I'm feeling threatened by their relationship and a little angry about how my BF is handling my feelings towards it. Am I being unreasonable?**

Summary:
I just can't help but feel threatened by this girl.
I didn’t think too much of it.
He doesn't want to hurt me.
What I read upset me.
I asked how he learned about it and he said that his ex had invited him.
I am his social life in the town we live in.
I don't mind him sharing these things with his friends, but it's the nature of their relationship in particular that makes me uncomfortable.
He reiterated that they are 'just friends'.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
