Original Response:
17 year marriage, I'm [m] 39, she's [f] 48. We have a teenage daughter. I know we're a bit older than most people on here, but I just needed some help and everyone on here gives such straight answers. Sorry for the long story but I'm also typing to feel a bit better.

I feel we've had a good relationship with the same problems as every couple… money, kids, etc. I'd say it's typical.

Around six years ago my wife had what I consider to be an emotional affair that would have gone further. There was a person she worked with who she saw every day and I think it started out typical, just friends with like interests, and then an emotional connection occurred. He wasn't getting the attention from his wife, she wasn't getting the attention from her husband (me).

She would get on the computer, I would watch tv, and that was our nights. I'd go to work in the morning, she'd go to work in the morning. What she was doing on the PC was IMing her friend at work. I suspected it and even asked her what she was doing, but she would minimize it and sing 'nothing!' Eventually the curiosity got the best of me and I had the chat client save logs. Of course what I found just rocked me.

They were chatting like they were planning for the first time to meet up in his *garage* because she was on her period so she could perform oral sex. She told him that she would tell me she was going out with friends. He asked intimate details about her body, asking if she was shaved, stuff like that. I was devastated. Just devastated. I saved the log, printed it out, went downstairs and asked her what she was doing, and again she said nothing. I then presented her with the papers and she said 'Oh that's just bullshit.' kind of denying that any of it was true, that it was al a game.

Eventually I i got out of her that they had accidentally kissed a couple times at her work and that was it and the rest of it was just '99% bullshit.' I asked her "how do you accidentally kiss someone, you fall into his face twice?"

I had to leave, I went for a drive, I was shaking and weeping. I went to my office at work and called my boss to tell him that I might be off for a few days and he understood why. After the call I had the most awful physical feeling of love. My heard hurt. It felt PHYSICALLY like a vacuum had pulled it into itself. Just empty. It made me cower to the ground it hurt so much.

I came back that night and kissed my daughter on the head and laid down in the same bed as my wife, she was already asleep. Eventually as it turned out she said I hasn't fulfilling her emotionally and giving her the attention she needed so she had replaced me with him. She said the chat log was bullshit and nothing was going to happen. I cannot believe that to this day. I still dwell on what could have happened. I called the other guy and told him if he didn't stay away from my wife there would be consequences to pay. I had chat and text logs, he had a family. Don't be stupid.

I then wrote her letter a that I shared with her over lunch. It was an ultimatum. She was to cut off all relationships with this person, friendly or not, and if anything like this happened again it would be no questions asked, I'm gone and forgotten. I had already accepted the fact I was going to stay with her because of many reasons, I still loved her, and I thought I would eventually be able to trust her again. 

Problem is I've never gotten there. She has never admitted it was an affair. When I suggested it was an emotional affair, she's dismissive of it. She feels it was a mistake, but she feels like I was so emotionally distant she didn't have anyone to go to. And I will admit that at the time I was. It was work, video games, eating, Ambien, and sleep. 

Oh, and lets add to that I'm impotent and need a plethora of drugs to get going, so sexually, I am not a dynamo in bed. We tend to have sex once a month. I sometimes think if she gets the sex of her life from me she'd be much happier, but that's just movie-plot thinking. And before you think she's sneaking out and getting it on with other people, she's not. Let's just leave it at that. We live in a very small town, everyone knows everyone. Her sex drive diminished greatly after the baby, and sure I'd love to have it pick up dramatically. But first things first.

Anyway here it is six years later and I'm going to hit 40, and it comes back. I generally get stuck on it every once in a while, I see the words from the chat burning in my eyes and my heart shrivels a bit. But now 40 makes you look back, and hard. I don't know what to say. I've suggested counseling but the local councilors are a little too... churchy? All I think I want her to do is to really apologize to me and admit that she had an affair. Is that selfish? Greedy? Is that blackmail? Will that be enough for me? 

To this day she says to stop worrying about it. She's not going anywhere. I'm never getting rid of her. She wouldn't let me go. She loves me. She texts me that she loves me when she's at work and it's such a great pick me up. I want to forgive her and move beyond, I really do, but it's so hard.


TL;DR: Wife had emotional and near physical affair six years ago, I still cannot get over it because I don't think she feels remorse.

Summary:
I'd go to work in the morning, she'd go to work in the morning.
I don't know what to say.
She has never admitted it was an affair.
She said the chat log was bullshit and nothing was going to happen.
She told him that she would tell me she was going out with friends.
She wouldn't let me go.
When I suggested it was an emotional affair, she's dismissive of it.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
