Original Response:
Hi reddit, long time reader, first time poster in /r/relationships. This might be kind of long, but I am going to try to keep it as short as possible. Thank you for reading!


I [f22] have worked with both Jenny[F21] and Kourtney[F22] for the past few summers. We work with children in a daycare type setting. The first couple of years we worked together, we got along great, hung out outside of work, kept in touch while we were back at school etc. I should probably mention that when we hung out together, the girls seemed a lot closer, and while I noticed it, it didn't really bother me.


Fast forward to last summer. Things changed because there was a shift in management, and therefore we all decided to apply for the manager positions. We all had interviews, and they were awarded the position as managers. I was incredibly happy for them and we later went out and celebrated. 


Once work began I noticed a shift in their behaviours, not just toward me but towards their other employees. I understand that they needed to establish boundaries between them and me when it came to work, but I felt like the power was going to their heads. For example, we would go out to dinner, and they would sit together on one side of the table and me on the other. It made me feel uncomfortable and it bothered me that  this change had almost caused them to become closer and us to drift apart. They would expect me to help them when it was convenient for them, but when I wanted to suggest something they would brush it off, or ignore me. 


At work Jenny was not easy to deal with. I called off work one day for being sick and returned the next day. Jenny was in charge of us that day and was upset that she had to take over some of our duties because I was still not feeling well, another staff was sick, and the other two staff were new. I was called into the office and told that if I were to come to work that I was to fake it, and act as though I was feeling fine. The reason I had not called in sick again was because the day before had been the first time in all the summers that I worked there that I called in sick, and I was feeling guilty. Not only that but I was working with three other new staff. After that I took Kourtney aside and explained that I did not feel comfortable dealing with Jenny and that from now on I would approach her if I had a problem.


During staff meetings they would talk down to us. They were never around when we needed them, and when they were around they micromanaged and tried to control everything. They wanted everything to be there way or no way, and as the only returning staff, who had worked with them and with different management this was very frustrating. For example, we had a lot of behavioural problems with the children and when asked for their help they seemed annoyed (Jenny more so than Kourney).


They took the fun out of my summer job. It got so bad that after going to Kourtney with my feelings, and having nothing done I finally went to their boss, who is also my boss all year round, and told him what was going on. He had gotten a few other complaints from other staff and finally called them in for a meeting.


They were in the meeting for at least a couple hours, and when they were finished they had a meeting with us and explained that they wanted to understand what they had been doing, and try to make it better. That day I was hopeful that things would be better and I was glad that I could see some change. The next day they both completely stopped talking to me. They were clearly pissed off at me, and decided to pretty much ignore me during a trip we were on. It was terrible, I felt awful and wanted to cry.


The next day I woke up and had no voice and a fever. I was actually uncomfortable calling in sick, so I got my mom to do it for me. When I returned to work It was just awkward and the rest of the summer was terrible. I was literally counting down to the summers end. After my summer job ended I did not stay in contact with either Jenny or Kourtney.


Fast Forward to this year. All three of us are back, but this year I have been offered a management position for a different age group than them. We are all going to be starting to work full time in June and we will be sharing an office with each other and our boss. Kourtney sent me a facebook message asking me if I would like to sit down and chat. 
i agreed and a few days later I received a message from Kourtney explaining that Jenny would also like to speak with me. 


Last week I sat down and spoke to both of them separately. My conversation with Kourtney went very well, and I felt a lot better. We both apologized for how we acted last summer, and explained that both of us had our feelings hurt, and agreed that we would discuss it more at a later date. My conversation with Jenny was awful. She basically explained that she wanted to have a professional relationship, and that all she cared about was the reference that she would get from our boss at the end of the summer. I apologized to Jenny and explained that after some reflection over the past year I recognize that I could have handled myself better. Jenny gave me a bitchy look, thanked me for my apology, and made a snide comment about how she was on the receiving end of everything. 


Reddit, I feel like I am being bullied by Jenny and I don't know what to do. She as sweet as pie to me when others are around but when we are alone she is a complete bitch to me. Reddit, how do I deal with her for another summer?


TL;DR: [22F] Returning to a summer job with ex friends and co-workers. I don't know how to deal with one of them due to bullying. What do i do?

Summary:
Reddit, how do I deal with her for another summer?
i agreed and a few days later I received a message from Kourtney explaining that Jenny would also like to speak with me.
Not only that but I was working with three other new staff.
I called off work one day for being sick and returned the next day.
I was literally counting down to the summers end.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
