Original Response:
**TL;DR: Super weird friendship, not sure if I should push for more or just cut off contact.**

This is not so much an update as a continuation to [this thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/comments/mfllu/guys_do_you_seriously_not_want_to_ruin_the/) from three months ago. I wrote it, but deleted it from my history. Oh, I'm F 22, he's M 23. 

So I started this new job. At the time I was in a weird friendship with benefits with a guy I was infatuated with. Name: Erik. I got to the new job, settled in. Couple weeks later the boss tells me a new guy is coming in from across the state. Says he has worked with them on and off for years. I think crap, he’s gonna be all superior and shit. Call me a noob. So the fateful day rolls around. I work several hours without meeting him. Then boss says to switch positions with him. I walk over, trepidation abounds. Bosses wife catches me on the way and tells me I should call the new guy if I wanna good time. Weird. He comes into view. From the back, initial impressions: Short, hoodie and baseball cap (not too original), still short. Meh. Walk around the table and look up to intro myself. He looks up too. Eyes meet. Shiiiiit. Firecracker up the ass, instant exploding butterflies in the stomach. Dunno what is it about his eyes, they can do this to me to this day. 

“Hi, I’m Devon.” 

“Hey, I’m Kat. Caitlin says I should call you for a good time.” *What??? Why did I just say that??!*

“Sure thing.” *wink*

 *Shit shit shit I’m gonna fall so hard for this guy, and it is not going to go well.*

We only work together for a month or so. Devon moves back across the state, I get a new job. However, we do the texting thing. First it’s just every once in awhile, how’s life, etc. At some point it changes. Gets way more intense. I think it’s when we started playing truth or dare. Also maybe when I start getting in huge fights with Erik and pour my heart out to Devon. He’s very understanding, says Erik is a dick, etc. About 3 months after I met Devon, I cut all ties and contact with Erik. Not long after that tell Devon I have feelings for him. He says I’m just emotional about Erik. I don’t push. 

We talk about literally everything. Problems. Hopes. Fears. Experiences. I have told him more than I have ever told anyone in my life, and I’m a pretty open person. He’s a very private person, so I don’t know how much he’s told me. I realized how bad I have it about two months ago. One of my coworkers told me to propose to him as a joke. When he said yes….. I was way too happy. Especially as he was just going along with the joke, and I thought I was anti marriage. 

He’s not big on affection. Occasionally I’ll piss him off and he’ll angrily admit that I’m sort of important to him. But the rest of the time he doesn’t say anything to that effect. Maybe I’m just supposed to know it? He writes me poetry. He talks to me constantly. If we don’t talk for 24 hours it’s a big fucking deal. But he refuses to say that I mean anything to him. 

Background on our baggage:

He’s from a lower socioeconomic background than me. I have a BA, he has a GED. This bothers him. 
He likes exotic, tattooed girls. I’m very white and devoid of ink. I’m also overweight. He lives 5 or 6 hours away. He has previously been in a very serious 5 year relationship which ended badly. He doesn’t know what he wants to do with his life, and is currently unemployed. Says he won’t date while unemployed. He also has a history of anger problems and thinks that I don’t comprehend how messed up his psyche is.

He smokes weed and cigs, has tattoos, and is about an inch shorter than me. I like clean cut, preppy types who are at least 6 in taller than me. The looks are unimportant in my mind, the smoking is a little important. I have never legit dated before, and am a virgin. I have zero self esteem. I have a history of falling for assholes who like to string me along. For all I know Devon is doing the same, just putting way more effort into it than the others. I don’t think he is as messed up as he considers himself – he also doesn’t realize how ‘messed up’ I am. 

Basically, he has problems with the fact that he is unemployed and from a poor background. I have problems with the fact that I’m not a commodity in the looks department. 

He’s moving back here to work in a month or so. I haven’t seen him in….. about a year. When he moved away we were barely friends. I don’t know if I should try to push to be more than friends, or if I should let it be. I don’t know how anything is going to go. I guess my questions are:

Guys: Do you ever talk to a girl this much (200-300 texts a day, every day for at least 7 months) and are  not at all interested in her romantically?

I have been friendzoned hard core I think. Does reddit think there’s more there? He has sent some really… um, weird texts. Stuff like “If I could only see one person in the world right now it would be you.” “I want a girlfriend, but no one could ever replace you.” (When I was telling him about a dream where we weren’t friends) “Ignore that dream, that’s a terrible dream.” He also calls me pet names all the time (dollface, darlin’, buttercup, etc.)

Has this kind of thing ever happened to you guys? I tend to be in infatuation type scenarios that burn out quickly. I haven’t seen this guy in a year, we don’t work together, we don’t go to school together, and we *still* find things to talk about. I don’t normally talk, like at all. He’s kind of anti social too. This makes me hope that it's not just infatuation. 

I care way too much about him, I won't be able to handle him dating someone else. But if I try the goddamm ultimatum thing, he will flip his shit. Once or twice we've had really big fights and I've said I don't want to talk anymore and he takes it really hard. 

Of course, I always wonder if anything he's saying is true. I've got insane trust issues.... Basically I just never know why anyone would care about me and find any statement to the contrary to be very suspicious. Yea I know, no need to get into that.

Summary:
I don’t know how anything is going to go.
Why did I just say that??!
I don’t normally talk, like at all.
Says he has worked with them on and off for years.
He says I’m just emotional about Erik.
I was way too happy.
So I started this new job.
He’s moving back here to work in a month or so.
He talks to me constantly.
Devon moves back across the state, I get a new job.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
