Original Response:
It's a long story but essentially my relationship with my group of friends from the last 10+ years (since first year uni), feels unsustainable.

Someone who was my best friend (best man at my wedding), took it upon himself to try and convince my wife to leave me for him. I believe a very large part of his determination on this was due to the nature of our relationship over the past 10 years - him being very insecure meant that he was always being really competitive. Generally if there was a 3rd party present, anything I said would be punctuated by him, with some comment aimed at subtly deriding anything I had to say. Foolishly, I would politely ignore it and pretend I didn't notice.

There had been a long running effort by this friend of mine to convince first my girlfriend, who eventually became my wife, that she should leave me for him. I was aware of it, but I knew my relationship with my wife was solid and that he posed no threat. Over time however this technique of subtle derision seemed to have worked as she did eventually feel he had value. He plays music as she does and so, like so many impressionable girls before her, she got suckered into thinking he was special. To be fair, so did I. I looked past many of his shortcomings and really cared about our bromance. I was willing to be the bigger man again and again, and I mistakenly felt there was an unspoken but still evident expectation that he would get over it in his own way. My wife and I shared dreams of the four of us living in a village-like community (she and I, with him and his parter - with whom he had a comfortable and thoroughly unromantic relationship, but with whom he had also had a 2 year old child and so was stuck. Funnily enough, she was my first girlfriend when he and I first met.). We believed he shared this idea of a community but instead he was simply determined to prove to himself (and anyone else watching), that he was capable of making my wife leave me for him. It had become a matter of pride. I believe her killing herself over the emotional torment he could have caused her would have also been satisfactory.

Initially I said I would be patient but ultimately his harassment reached ridiculous levels. I saw he wasn't going to stop, so in an epic argument with my wife, I put an end to their contact, and told him to fuck off. That was about a year ago from now. My wife and I still lived together over that year but she spent most of the week at her mother's. We effectively lived separate lives and we ultimately sorted through most of our problems - although she effectively fell apart and spent the year battling alcoholism and bullimia. I smoked a lot of pot.

Anyway, my wife and I have sorted through a lot of the issues this whole experience highlighted and I've learned a great deal about people as a result. That wasn't what I really wanted to talk about, but I feel it's relevant to mention.

Obviously this former friend of mine is no longer someone I have contact with... 

But the issue is that he was a fairly large presence in what had become a close group of friends over the past 10 years. They all rather tactfully stayed right out, not taking sides and not bringing it up - although I believe there was a general consensus that my wife was the bad-guy and I was a stupid sucker. Whatever. This was really galling for me for a long time, as when I first got together with my wife, she had recently broken up with another musician who, after emailing me that he was going to make all my friends hate me, promptly did so. Eventually, that too became water under the bridge...

The problem I have now, however, is that I am noticing this similar pattern in my rapport with some of my current friends. Many of them seem to use me, primarily as a means to express their intellectual superiority to whoever else is in the room. I believe it's a pattern that has been established over time, living around my former friend, and hanging out as a group. Over time this dialogue where he'd hint that I was something to be laughed at, became a common pattern amongst me and my closest friends. I would notice it, but ignore it, on some levelling fulfilling a personal delusion to maintain harmony and take responsibility for the emotional tone of whatever social group I was currently a part of.

Now, with the 2 remaining friends of the past 10 years (and so, they are also friends with my best man), with whom I still have contact, still often share a dialogue that has me painted as inferior on some or almost all levels. Only now, it boils my blood. I have stopped making any contribution to social media. I don't go out. I don't call or email them. It has become apparent, as it did with my best man, that these people aren't really friends and instead have only really used me to feel better about themselves. I'll grant that on most levels this is likely a subconscious habit, but I don't really believe it's one that can be broken.

I certainly am not willing to try and explain this to them. I know that it will be denied and snorted at and they will instead try and make me feel foolish for thinking it. I feel my only real choice is to move on... but they now do activities ALL THE TIME involving pretty much everyone else I have known over the years. So I don't see anyone.

I need fresh blood. I miss friendship. I love my wife and we're having a baby... but I'd like to have some close friends along for the ride of life. How the hell does one meet anyone this late in the game? What does reddit think I should do? SHOULD I call these people on their habits?

TL'DR
Friends have learned to treat me like I'm stupid. Used to ignore it but now I can't stand it. Feel my only option is to start over but not sure how.

Summary:
I don't call or email them.
I believe it's a pattern that has been established over time, living around my former friend, and hanging out as a group.
My wife and I still lived together over that year but she spent most of the week at her mother's.
SHOULD I call these people on their habits?
So I don't see anyone.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
