Original Response:
My boyfriend and I have been seeing each other for about two months. He's been, well, WONDERFUL to me. I can't imagine him being a better or more respectful boyfriend. I am incredibly happy (and he has been telling me he is too) with the way things have been going and where they seem to be heading.

To dive into the LONG story:
We met freshman year of college (5 years ago) through mutual friends. We were both in relationships with other people at the time, but were always friendly to each other and got along well. Objectively, I found him attractive but no feelings other than that and friendship towards him.

Senior year, we both broke up with our SO's at the time. I broke up with mine primarily because I didn't see a future with him, among other smaller reasons. He broke up with his SO because she cheated on him.

We became FWB (we are both very high libido people) a few months after we broke up with our SO's (about 2 years ago) and I had some of the best sex of my life. Really, just wonderful, fulfilling, sex, which I never had with the recent ex.

I began to develop feelings for him, which only became more intense as we started making love (for lack of a better term) instead of fucking part of the time. During some of the nights together when it was really late, he would open up to me about his parents' divorce and his ex, and how the experiences had really made him distrustful of people.

As so many FWB situations end, I told him I liked him, he said he didn't, it was over. Every once in a while, we'd run into each other and just not be able to resist (at least for me) and have sex again.

Then after graduation, it turned out we would both be living in the same major city. He started to take more interest in me, took me to a holiday party at his dad's house, came to my birthday dinner, and generally started treating me like a girlfriend (although he had NEVER been disrespectful or anything like that while we were FWB) and I thought we were going to be together.

He just suddenly stopped responding to my texts and calls about a week after meeting his dad. I felt like I knew what was going on, I thought he wasn't ready to be close to someone and was pushing me away. I didn't understand; I didn't ask him to meet my parents, he came to my birthday dinner, but as I said before we were in the same social circles so he had a lot of friends there as well. I didn't feel like I was pressuring him, I just wanted him to be around.

I grew up with loving parents who are still blissfully happy over 30 years into their marriage. All I wanted to do was just be nice to him and show him that not all women are mean, cheating, lying people who will only break his heart. All he wanted to do was ignore his feelings and push me away.

We grew apart, and one weekend several months later we ran into each other and had sex again. I just realized that I couldn't do it anymore, I was tired of the guessing game and confronted him once again. I could just LOOK at him and see the way he looked at me, the way he treated me, the way he opened up to me. I was sure he felt the same way.

According to him, he didn't. I was incredibly disappointed and just wanted to hate him at that point. As time progressed, I moved on.

Two months ago, I ran into him again. I was just sick at the sight of him, just wanted him to go away, just wanted him to be anywhere else than in front of me. He tried the old moves that used to get me into bed with him, and I pushed him away.

I couldn't get him out of my head. It drove me crazy. I wanted so badly to stop thinking about him, romantically and sexually. I think I thought about him every night that week, both while I was... ahem *alone* at night and in the romantic sense.

I called him to meet me for drinks and he did, but something was different. I showed up to the bar wanting to sleep with him and kick him out of my apartment. I wanted that power. I just needed to get him out of my head and have some sense of dignity about the last time we had sex.

He showed up with a completely different idea. He was sweet, apologetic, nice, and generally pleasant to be around. We went back to my place, had sex, and I kicked him out. But it didn't make the thought of him go away.

Suddenly, when he was the person I wanted to forget, he wouldn't let me. Every day after that was a constant sting of texts and phone calls and facebook messages from him wanting to know when we could hang out again. Reluctantly, I agreed to see him again.

When he went to hold my hand that night, I exploded. I mean, I really just couldn't stand it anymore. I didn't want him to torture me and act like he had feelings for me and then pull the rug out from under me again. When I asked, he just broke down. 

He had been hurt so much in his life that he didn't trust his own feelings anymore, his own judgement, anything about relationships and he just didn't want to put himself out there anymore. So I said if he would just be nice to me and not say otherwise, I would understand what he meant. 

And so much for *that* talk, because since that night he has been a storm of affection and sweet attitude towards me. I know some guys use the "I got scared" line, but his actions are *really* showing that he means what he says.

I know trust issues are not something I can fix, but something he has to work out on his own, but does anyone have any advice for something I can do to at least put ice on the wound?

**Tl;Dr: My boyfriend has some trust issues, from past relationships and his parents' rough divorce. I know that's something he has to work out on his own, but I'd love some advice from people who have been cheated on (or something similar) on how to help.**

**EDIT: I didn't make it clear before, but we have talked about the status of the relationship, we are exclusive, not seeing anyone else, and as much as it makes a weird statement on today's society that this is significant, we are official on facebook.**

Summary:
I couldn't get him out of my head.
He broke up with his SO because she cheated on him.
When I asked, he just broke down.
My boyfriend and I have been seeing each other for about two months.
Two months ago, I ran into him again.
But it didn't make the thought of him go away.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
