Original Response:
Throw away account for really obvious reasons. 

EDIT: Forgot my Tl;dr. Rookie mistake. 

About 3 months ago I met a new friend via the place we work. We'll call her "B" for the sake of the post. Very cool girl, very fun to hang out with. We became good friends very quickly. A couple of weeks into our friendship she tells me that she has feelings for my good friend who we also work with. We'll call him "C" for the sake of the post. 

This is all fine and dandy with me. Problem is that "C" isn't into her at all. Doesn't stop her from trying but she doesn't get much of anywhere with it. This goes on for a couple of weeks. The entire time, I'm getting text messages from B asking advice on what to do since he is "my friend." I normally don't get involved in matchmaking, but told her I could at least talk to him and gauge his interest. Well C of course is not interested. I tell B and she is upset, but that's that. 

Over the next couple of weeks or so, B and myself become extremely close. She texts me as soon as she wakes up, and we hold conversations over text/phone for most of the day. This trend continues all the way to present. During this time frame, B and myself hang out on a regular basis in person. She's really flirty with me, but I think nothing of it because she continues to tell me she is into C despite his non interest. Fine by me. 

About a month ago, B finally gets what she wants and C decides to go out with her. I'm happy for both of them obviously because they're both really good friends of mine. The three of us start spending a lot of time together, maybe between 3 and 5 nights a week. They do a really good job not making me feel like a 3rd wheel, which is nice.

Unfortunately this is where the issues begin. I still text with B every day, for most of the day. All innocent conversation. Her asking me what kind of things C likes that she can surprise him with. School, work, family. Typical conversation topics. But I start to notice that every once in a while the tone of the conversation gets really flirty. Of course, as soon as this happens I'll "have to go do something" or just change the subject. But it's been happening more and more often. I ask her about it and find out that her and C almost never text or talk on the phone. They mostly hang talk in person. On top of that, she continues to openly flirt with me in front of C. He laughs it off when it happens, but I've known the guy for a while and its easy to tell that it bothers him. I make it a point not to flirt with her, even innocently (something I do with most girls). 

Two weeks ago, a couple of my old high school friends threw a party which I was supposed to bring a date to. They didn't bother to mention the bringing a date portion of the party to me until very short notice. I was drinking with B and C at the time and mentioned that I needed to find a date to the party. I asked C which of our other co-workers (close-knit work community) he thought would be fun to take. At this point B chimes in and just says "Don't worry about it, I'll go with you." Not exactly what I was expecting, or C judging from the look on his face. He said he thought it would be fun and that we should go. Later on in the night I pull him aside and tell him I know it makes him uncomfortable and that I could just as easily find a different date to the party. He insists that he's not the type of SO to tell B that he doesn't mind her doing something and then going back on his word. She can hang out with and talk to whomever she wants, etc. B and I go to the party, have a good time, and I drop her off at C's on my way home. I go back to the party later because a few of my really old friends are in from out of town. 

While back at the party one of my friends, we'll call her "L" asks me if I wanted to date B. I told her no, because although I had a brief crush on B when we first met, her and my friend C were dating and I was happy to be just her friend. L then tells me that B had admitted to having feelings for me earlier in the day to her, but that they were in the past. L told me this was "B-speak" for "I still like him but don't want to admit it." I'm not sure about that but its not relevant to me seeing as how I'm not interested in breaking my friends up. However, we've been frequently mistaken as a couple. And this is by people who know both of us. I don't want to think she's into me, but evidence is certainly mounting. 

So fast forward to present. Last night, B, C, a couple of other friends, and myself all meet at a friends apartment for drinks. B greets me with her normal a little bit to long hug and proceeds with the night as normal. Openly flirting with me, but sitting next to C the whole time. She makes it a point to try and hit me playfully a couple of times over the course of the night for no real reason. However, its in the moments after these interactions occur and she runs back over to C, that I realize something about myself. *Fuck. I like B. More than I want to.* We ended the night because B and C are going on a trip for a few days with some of our co-workers. B hugs me bye, tells me she'll miss me, says bye to the other friends, tells me bye again, and then somehow finds a way to tell me goodbye a third time. She's continued to contact me this morning while on the road.

Now I have no intention of acting on how I feel. I wouldn't want to screw my relationship with either of these people up. B and C are practically my best friends at this point. Problem is, I don't know how to handle this situation. I'm not sure if B is into me, but it certainly seems like it to me. People keep telling me that she is. C certainly seems reluctant when B and I hang out on our own despite the fact that I wouldn't let anything happen. 

So reddit - What exactly am I supposed to do? I've never been in this sort of dilemma before. I'm not sure what my best course of action is. Wish my question was more specific than "What do I do" but I'm really at a loss. Help?

**Tl;Dr: I think my friend likes me. I also like her, but she's dating my friend. What the hell do I do about this?**

Summary:
I also like her, but she's dating my friend.
**Tl;Dr: I think my friend likes me.
Well C of course is not interested.
B and C are practically my best friends at this point.
More than I want to.
I go back to the party later because a few of my really old friends are in from out of town.
I'm not sure if B is into me, but it certainly seems like it to me.
I tell B and she is upset, but that's that.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
