Original Response:
Hello,

Both my partner and I are seeking some help regarding our relationship. Sorry for the long post. There's a lot of arguments/incident that we would like to mention and we needed to give the relevant context as well. 

We've been living together for three years now. We both met in University, through Facebook and have been living together pretty much ever since we started dating. Last summer, we got engaged as well. However, recently, we've been having more frequent arguments, and the intensity of the arguments have been getting more serious. We are going to have to live apart from this September onwards as he has one more year of university left, whereas I graduate this summer - I am an international student while he is a native to the country i'm studying in.

I (F, 21) think my problems with my partner are mostly to do with his careless personality. He can be quite laid-back, whereas I am the opposite. When living together, I've raised various little instances that I dislike and wish he would do different. I also feel like, since I've met my partner, he's learned and grown a lot as a person whereas I'm not sure if I could say the same. 

When I met him, he was a chain-smoker, semi-alcoholic, didn't care about school, etc. Whereas now, he's quit smoking altogether, only drinks occasionally (birthdays, social,etc), and is very passionate and dedicated about school. I sat down with him once and expressed my displeasure on this topic. I frankly asked him how he felt, and whether he felt that any of my personality traits evolved for the better since meeting him. He thought for a bit and thinks that he's made me a bit more relaxed since when he first met me. To give a little bit of context, I am currently in law school and undergo quite a bit of stress. I've made him aware of this several times. We also clash due to our subject areas at times.

One argument in particular really got escalated. The origin of this fight occurred when I found him playing video games with his friend, but saw that he was quite defensive over the laptop and would shut it every time I got close to him. I did a little bit of snooping and found him flirting with another girl via FB. I waited for his game to finish, and I approached him about it. He denied it, claiming that this was just how the girl's personality was (whereas I found him initiating most of the 'flirtatious' messages). I also asked him why he kept deleting them messages if they weren't important. 

I asked if we could break up. At this point, he grabbed keys close by and started cutting himself on his arm. I tried to get up in time but the damage was quite extensive. He said that if I was no longer in his life, there was no point in going on. At this point, he proceeded to go to the kitchen to grab a knife. I grabbed my phone, had 911 dialed and headed downstairs to stop him. Thankfully, nothing happened and I calmed him down by saying that I was willing to talk things though. He was honest with me, and admitted to the flirting but couldn't answer why he did it. I tended to his injuries and that was that. However, I tried googling similar situations days after and found that it was quite problematic and most answers were not positive. I wanted to ask how this community felt about this.

To give his side of things - he does suffer from three mental illness and has been off medication for a while. His behaviour was very much out of character and I believe that not being on medication might have something to do with the increased aggression / problematic behaviour recently. I know that he would never hurt me in the future; and I know that he loves me a lot. 

He believes that I'm too serious and need to relax more often. He also thinks I'm stubborn and demanding. I often ask him to make me breakfast every morning, and he believes that when he says no - I get angry at him over something else in order to guilt him into making breakfast. I can somewhat agree to this, but sometimes it depends on other factors as well. I also admit that sometimes he pretty much does most of the chores himself because I'm either busy with school or lazy. 

He also feels like I sometimes use my education as an excuse to get away with household responsibilities. Neither of us are naturally "clean" people (not that we're messy, but some individuals gain a certain pleasure from cleaning etc, while neither of us do) and he feels that i'm trying to force him to become more "clean" in his personality in order to make up for the lack of that trait in the both of us, which he considers unfair as it should be a burden that should be shared equally (as he considers all other things, like chores, finances etc). 

Although I believe that, as he has gained so many positive aspects from me, he could improve this factor, which I am lacking in. This would allow me to grow as an individual and finally have something that I learned from him. Another factor is that we are both extremely stressed right now (I have a 12,000 word thesis due and exams, he has a 6,000 word project, other essays due, and exams due too). I would definitely say that this, coupled with our expectancy of spending a year apart, has not helped things.

He also feels like i'm sometimes a bit "cold" emotionally, and has recently been asking for more intimacy (not necessarily sex, but just an intimate setting) as he's somewhat more emotional and emotionally driven than I am. He has also been asking for more sex recently (aside from intimacy, he is well aware that these two things can be both together or apart) and I have noticed a definite increase in his sex drive, which is a lot more than what I think it used to be.

In regards to how I feel about his careless personality, he has changed a lot already from his previous self and I don't think its fair to ask him to change more of his personality because of me. However, I am not sure if I could commit to a careless individual in the long run.

Is there any advice anyone can provide us with? Are there any books I could consult that would help us? We are both posting this together, as we both are still very much in love and would like to fix our relationship. However, I am not sure if we are approaching it the right way as after a week or so - another big argument breaks out in between us. Are there any strategies that could potentially help us? I would like to not break up with him as I've realized that he's very important to me and I'm afraid I won't find any one else with the same companionship/ compatibility that we share. Any advice to repair our relationship instead of dissolve it would be greatly appreciated.
Thank you.

TLDR: Our relationship has been having problems lately. Both our personality traits might have something to do with it, but one big incident in particular really threw both of us off. We both really love each other and neither of us can imagine life without each other. How do we get back to being in a loving relationship with less frequent arguments?

Summary:
I asked if we could break up.
He can be quite laid-back, whereas I am the opposite.
Are there any books I could consult that would help us?
He also thinks I'm stubborn and demanding.
I tried to get up in time but the damage was quite extensive.
He believes that I'm too serious and need to relax more often.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
