Original Response:
My boyfriend and I have been together for 2 and a half years. We've been having some problems lately but I really love him with all of my heart and I used to think he did also. I've been having a nad feeling lately so I googled his username he uses for everything(I know that was bad of me) and I found an airsoft forum he used to go on. I saw that he had post since we had been together and I found something. About 2 years ago he had gone to santa cruz without even telling me first with his family. I was alot less mature back then so I got upset he said I broke up with him(I might have again I was young and stupid) and in that time that he asked the forum what his relation would be to his stepmom's brother's daughter. They all told him that he was in the clear and he said cool and that he was going to get her number and hang out with her. Here's the thing: we have Never been broken up for more than a day or two so that means if we were broken up(for the life of me I do not remember it that way because I remember I had asked him about his trip while he was there) he Right away wanted to get with this other girl. I also remember asking about her because he was talking about this non-cousin so much and he called me sick for thinking he'd be interested in a family member.

I confronted him and he got defensive saying he was single so what did I expect him to do(again single for maybe 2 days). He also said that he ended up feeling bad and ditching his plans with her to call me and get back together with me. Im at a loss for what to do, I feel like even if he was single for a day or two he should have been still in love with me like I was with him,I mean I would Never want to be with somebody else that fast and Im afraid we might have even been together at the time. He says nothing at all happend with her but he has a history of lying(he lied about his cat having to go to the vet to get out of seeing me) and he lied about her in the first place. 

Also a while ago he wrote on reddit about another girl that I had been insecure about stating "This happened to me on my 17th birthday.Just came back to town and the girl i had the biggest crush on was the only one to show up.. I cried and fell in love. I still love her.. We havent spoken since, nor have i had a happy day" and this was just 2 months ago. He excuse for this was that he was upset and didnt mean it. 

After talking last night I told him that I needed a few days to think but honestly I dont know what to do. Im hurt by him so much but I really do love him and he says he does also but his actions and words to other people seem to show differently. Please help I dont know what to do. 

Tl;dr Found out boyfriend wanted to be with another girl a few years ago while we were broken up for a day or two,he has a history of lying and talking about other girls,need advice on what to do.  
  
 
Edit:Ok so ive been thinking through everything and thank you everyone for your advice. Im going to wait the few days to talk to him but I think I know what im going to say to him I even wrote it all down so I wont forget:    
  
"I babysitted my cousins 3 days a week and we broke up and got back together while I was there I remember that very clearly so that means it all happend in that span of 3 days. If we broke up on the first day and got back together on the last,thats still only two days you were single. So within the two days you say you tried calling me all day,that drops it down to one day. One day and you were writing to a forum for advice on your relation to another girl and got her number to hang out with her. I remember that I was angry all of ONE day and then that night we got back together because I was not upset and ignoring you for 2 days,thats not who I am I dont like not hearing from you or going to sleep angry especially if we broke up because I was insecure youd find somebody else in santa cruz,like you said I am obsessive so I sure as hell wouldnt be able to ignore you for 2 days if I was afraid youd get with someone else. And you even had the nerve to call me sick for thinking youd want to get with a "family member" when you actually really did.Lying about another girl shows guilt and I cant believe you when you say that nothing happend because you lied about one thing why not lie about another?   
That means that either you asked the forum about her within hours of us breaking up or we were still together. If it was hours then you truely didnt care for me or love me as much as you say you do because you were wanting to get with another girl and ASKING A FORUM ABOUT your relation to her within Hours of losing me. If we were together then youre just a cheater and scum and there is nothing more to say.   
  
Now heres whats going to happen,one of the situations I mentioned IS true. If you got her number while with me then we are over,plain as that. If you got her number within those few hours you need to tell me why I should believe you love me and care about me when you wanted to be with another girl so fast without any regard or thoughts of me and the love you apparently had for me.You werent thinking of me in the time it took to write that post,get her number and apparently ditch her to talk to me so why should I believe you care about me or even love me at all?"  
  
Whatever he says whether its defending himself with cries of "But I was single!" or he admits it was one of those situations mentioned,I dont know what to think of him or myself anymore. I built up my trust with him after having been lied to and cheated on by exes before and after all the times he has betrayed that trust that I tried so hard to give him(I was still insecure when the santa cruz thing happend thays why I was so fast to think he was going to cheat) I dont think I could ever trust him again and you cant have a relationship without trust and respect. Thank you all so much for your advice, they are helping me stay strong and try to do what I have to.

Summary:
One day and you were writing to a forum for advice on your relation to another girl and got her number to hang out with her.
Please help I dont know what to do.
I cried and fell in love.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
