Original Response:
Throw away since he's also a redditor. Sorry for the hideously long post, but it's very complicated.


So me and BF were together for over a year or so and it was a very unhappy relationship. He was very controlling and insecure and we had many, many fights til four in the morning over pretty minor things. I has been trying to break up with him since before winter break, but he basically convince me to remain with him until fairly recently and I agreed to give him a shot to work more on the relationship.


However, by the time Spring Break rolled around, things had not gotten better and I was still feeling frustrated and extremely unhappy. We had originally planned to have a nice vacation together, but I didn't want to stay in the relationship, so I ended up trying to break things off with him again right before hand (he hadn't spent any money on vaction-y things yet, thank God). Well, when it came down to the talk, and I was trying to break up with him, he told me he would kill himself if I went through with it. No details, but he had access to weapons and other things to hurt himself if he needed to.


Prior to this, I did know he had been very depressed (since at least September) and not mentally healthy (and revealed he had some suicidal ideations for a few weeks before the break up). He had a pretty rough year and was struggling with crappy grades in his classes, as well as significant student loan debt, and was facing losing quite a bit of financial aid, on top of family issues. However, I had been trying to be supportive of him and I'd been encouraging him to go get counseling, which he never pursued. 


During this time, our relationship was very rocky. We spent a a 50/50 summer trying to stay together long distance, but the fights we had took a significant toll on whether or not I wanted to stay in the relationship. He was very insecure- he wouldn't let me go to dances or raves without him (even if it was just with female friends) and spent an evening accusing me of trying to cheat on him and trying to "put myself in a position where I'd get hurt". I don't drink, or do drugs, and I never really party. He pulled the, "it's not that I don't trust you- I don't trust your friends card" despite the fact that I'd known these people for many, many years longer than I'd known him. 


He also kind of isolated me from friends and family and wanted me to spend upwards of 5+ hours on skype with him at night, during the summer. He was suspicious and jealous of male friends I had and we got into huge fights if I ever hung out one on one with them. By the time the school year rolled around, my feelings were starting to cool off, but I loved him and I tried to work on the relationship. 


After he threatened to kill himself right before Spring Break, I (stupidly) decided to remain in the relationship, but pushed strongly for him to go into counseling. He would make up excuses every time and would often sleep through the day to avoid making a call. I offered to be there with him, hold his hand as he called, or even go into group counseling with him. He came up with excuses every time or blamed me for not motivating him enough to call. 


Well, things, unsurprisingly, didn't get better. We still stayed up arguing til four, he still was very insecure and controlling. One of the big turning points was when he called my best friend a slut for partying, despite the fact that she'd had all of two partners (and had been in multi-year monogamous relationships with both), after I told him before that I didn't want to hear about it. This was right before my birthday and kicked off a really nasty fight. At that point, I was just sick of the situation.


I broke up with him last week and tried to be gentle about it, but he flipped out. In an effort to convince me to stay, he told me he had set up a counseling appointment, and I challenged him about that, since he had said before he hadn't. Turned out he had been lying and had instead called a suicide hotline the night before. I sat down and tried to talk with him about it. Well, turns out he had planned to kill himself the following Tuesday, when I was in class. He had planned to be coupley and romantic with me during the day, but would send me a text saying "I love you, I'm sorry," and then would just disappear during one of my classes, leaving behind a love letter/ suicide note. Well, I panicked and tried to talk him out of it and we went back and forth arguing for a few hours, until I tried to run for the front desk of our res hall to get help (since he kept trying to take my phone off me). He intimidated me back into the room and told me if I had gone to the desk, he would just have walked off to the river and drowned himself. I was freaking out again, but I coaxed him up to my floor lounge, and managed to get a hold of my RA who talked him down. 


He lied to the RA though and told her he didn't have the means to kill himself (he had an AR-15 in his car, knives, and kevlar rope he had said before he might kill himself with). I didn't find out he had lied til the next day, so the RA had put off dealing with it until I informed her. The counseling service and the police got involved and he was taken to a hospital and given medication and counseling.


His family ended up coming out to see him. I only called him once, and found out a no contact order had been put in place (I hadn't been informed) for both our protection, and cut off contact with him. His sister got into contact with me to get both sides of the story and told me he had said that I had threatened to stab him with a knife. I obviously had never said that.


Today he got out and he's sent me a few texts, despite the not contact order. I sent two- which were along the lines of "sorry this happened, hope you're doing better' and that 'we shouldn't contact each other'. He insists that I promised to talk to him (I didn't), and after the whole saying I threatened to stab him, I don't want to at all.


Reddit, what do I do? I feel guilty about having to get the police involved, but it was a really horrible situation and I don't know how to respond to his attempts to contact me. I've ignored him since, but it's eating at me. 

**Tl;Dr. I broke up with bf, bf threatened to kill himself. Bf gets hauled off by police to hospital, get medication and therapy. Now, a week later, he's out and trying to contact me and wants to 'have a talk'. What do I do?**

Summary:
I sat down and tried to talk with him about it.
Reddit, what do I do?
Now, a week later, he's out and trying to contact me and wants to 'have a talk'.
Well, things, unsurprisingly, didn't get better.
I obviously had never said that.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
