Original Response:
Background: I [M22] met her [F20] in September and we have been dating ever since. Our first few dates were amazing and we really made a connection. It was established that both of us were looking for a long term relationship, hopefully leading to marriage and a family one day. I quickly found out that she had a daughter who was almost 2 years old when we started dating. We had our cultural differences, where I am Canadian and she is from El Salvador and has been living in Canada ever since she was about 5 months pregnant. The father of the child was supposed to come with her to Canada, but he cut off all communication and ditched her a week before she was supposed to leave. She has no communication with him at all and is a single mom. I was starting my fourth year of Software Engineering at a respected university when we met in September. 

The last 8 months of my life have been amazing, she makes me so happy and I really want to be with her for the rest of my life. We have our little bits of miscommunication some times and this leads to some small fights here and there. After giving her a little bit of space, we are able to communicate and settle the disagreement. I have made quite a connection with her daughter and I really want to be a father to her one day; at the moment I have taken the role of a friend to her daughter. I love playing with her daughter and she loves playing with me. I have finished up my undergraduate in Software Engineering and I have just started my Masters in the same field this month. She is starting a two year program in college starting in September and we will both finish at the same time (April 2015.) We have discussed in the past that we would like to finish our studies and get married after we are done school. 

Problem: Lately she has been hinting at engagement rings and marriage and such, but I thought it was all in a joking manner. Tonight she did it again, she was taking about getting married (as in now) and I told her I would like to get married, but that I don't think we are ready for marriage right now. She was visibly sad and later she came and told me that we want different things and maybe we should just end this relationship. This has really come out of no where, because we have talked about getting married in the past and have agreed to waiting until after we both finish school. She now tells me that she was just saying that to agree with me and that is not what she wants. 

One of the main issues that I have with her is that I feel like she doesn't fully think over things. I asked her about what would be the plan for financials and such and she just dodged it like it doesn't matter. We need to be able to talk about financials and serious issues like this, if we are going to get married. We are two students (I am making 12,000 a year from stipend and maybe a few more thousands from teaching assistantships) and she is getting student loans for the next two years of her life. Us getting married would probably affect her student loans as well. We don't have full time jobs, we are in school and we haven't even lived together yet and there is a child in the scenario, what makes her think we are ready to be married? I don't have the funds to provide for myself, her and the child. My parents love each other, but their marriage has become rather rocky at times, because of financial problems. I don't want the same thing for my marriage and my family. It just seems to make sense to wait until we are done school and have full time jobs to get married. She keeps saying that I just want to get married some time and some where; she must want some date set in stone or she wants it now. I want the three of us to have a comfortable and financially stable life when we get married and I can't offer that at the moment. I am also not fully ready to be a father yet to her daughter. 

Another issue I have with this whole scenario is that I feel this is all a bit rushed. Why is she so rushed to get married? We have only been dating for 8 months and have been officially together for about 5.5 months. Lately we have been spending most of our time together (Everyday together for the past 2 weeks), but we have not lived together yet. We have had a few moments where our relationship has been on the ropes, but we have bounced back from it. I just feel we need to improve our communication and need to get to know each other even more before we take such a giant leap into marriage. There could be huge problems that could come up and we might not have the communication to really handle the problems. The last thing I want is to be 25 years old, divorcing and having to pay child support for a child that is not even mine. 

I feel that she needs to have some sort of commitment from me so that I won't leave her. Perhaps she wants some sort of engagement and commitment to be together? She has been ditched before and she is probably fearful of it happening again. Is this why she is rushing to get engaged and married? There have been a few moments in our relationship where she has shown the fear of me leaving her, even though I have shown no signs of leaving her. I have no intention of leaving her. I want to be with her for the rest of my life and I do want to get married, but now is just not the time. My heart is saying yes to marrying her before I believe we are ready, but my brain is screaming NO and I feel like I should be listening to my brain. We want the same thing, just at different times. Is there any hope or is this over? She is really the exact woman that I have always dreamed of being with and spending the rest of my life, but we just aren't ready yet.

**tl;dr: Girlfriend wants to get married now and I want to wait, because I feel like we are not ready to be legally married. From my perspective, we are not ready to be married for a variety of reasons (Financial, Stability, Communication and Familiarity.) She says we want different things and we should end our relationship. Is there hope or are we done?**

Summary:
I want to be with her for the rest of my life and I do want to get married, but now is just not the time.
We want the same thing, just at different times.
I don't want the same thing for my marriage and my family.
Is this why she is rushing to get engaged and married?
She says we want different things and we should end our relationship.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
