Original Response:
Hey Reddit,

I'm  23M, my SO is 21F (we'll call her MB).  She and I have been together for a little over two years and are in college in Connecticut together.  A little under a year ago, her family had to move from Connecticut to North Carolina for her father's job, and we'd mutually decided to do the long distance thing during semester breaks.  

Last summer was the first summer she would be away for the entire break.  I tried my best to be supportive of her through the entire time leading up to it, but it never seemed to be enough.  She was always upset a) about having to leave and b) that I wasn't 'upset enough' about it.  I kept trying to get her to realize that it sucked she'd have to move, but thats the way it was and that it was pointless to spend the last weeks we'd have together until the next semester moping about it.  Despite my trying to be supportive, she eventually started talking with my best friend's brother a lot (call him BJ), who always seemed to have the right things to say to her.  She'd talk to him about her problems, he'd be there to comfort her, sing to her, etc.  I read all about it after the fact when I stumbled upon her tumblr blog (I wasn't snooping for it, I had stumbled upon her public rp and personal blogs).  

Before she left for the summer she'd gone to hang out with him a few times without telling me.  I dont mean to say I expect to know when and who she's with.  One of the times she went to hang out with BJ, however, she'd previously told me she was going straight home.  In short, she was lying to me about it.  It caused a fight between us before she left, but we got over it and moved on.

I took a week off work after the semester ended to drive down to her new place in NC with her and took a train back, since she was nervous about making the drive by herself.  Right after I got back to ct we were pretty okay.  I made a point to talk with her often, and things were alright until about july.  I caught wind that my friends brother was taking a trip to myrtle beach SC, one state over from where my gf lives.  As soon as BJ was down in south carolina, MB suddenly was going on a trip to some resort with her mother.  I found out after the fact that, of course, she had driven an entire state over to see BJ at Myrtle Beach.  What got me especially angry this time is that she could have just gotten away with it, not told me a thing, but instead went to the trouble to make up a story to feed me.  Needless to say, it wound up in another fight.  We got over it again, and moved on again, my patience strained.  

Eventually, the summer was ending and I took another week off to take a train down to NC and drive back up to CT with her.  When we got back, shortly before the semester was to start, we got in a huge fight over BJ and I asked her why she was talking to him so much.  Her response was 'because he makes me happy, like you used to'.  Needless to say, that pissed me off pretty bad.  My response was along the lines of 'well, you can go be happy with him.  peace.'  I didnt talk to her for a while after that.

After a while, she began calling and texting, and I finally gave in.  She was sobbing to me about how it was stupid what she'd said, how she didnt mean it, how she was sorry.  I asked her what had happened beyond their emotional involvement and she insists nothing.  I told her that everything suggested otherwise, and she swore up and down that nothing else happened.  

I have trouble believing her.  First she lied to me about hanging out with him, but insisted he'd been a perfect gentleman and that she hadnt seen him all summer.  Then, i found out that she had gone to see him at myrtle beach.  Then, it turned into 'he was trying to get in my pants the whole time i talked to him.  And even after all that, she still wanted to keep talking to him.  I finally had it and told her that it was him or me, and she chose me.  She tells me she hasnt been talking to BJ at all since i made her choose, which i take her word for since i dont go through her phone or anything.  

I just dot know what to do now.  She has been talking marriage (she is rather clingy and dependent, expects long term commitment, one of the types of girls who cant be without a boyfriend.  I started going out with her about a month after she broke off a 7 year abusive relationship).  I plan on joining the military after college, and dont know how staying with her through that would work.  All I can think about is being deployed, and she just meets another guy (or even the same guy) who can say all the right things.  She insists that that would never happen, but she'd told me at the beginning of our relationship that she'd never be unfaithful in any way, too.  I dont know whether or not I really want to break it off either, though.  She's been trying to turn herself around since i made her choose between me and him, that much i can tell.  Part of me says its perfectly sensible to dump her and move on, while another part says that she and i can get through this, and that we can repair the broken trust.  I dont know which part to listen to.  Any advice?  Thank you for your time.

TL;DR:  GF was emotionally unfaithful, not sure if I trust that it wasnt more than emotional, not sure that she wont do it again, but also unsure of whether i want to break things off.

Summary:
I didnt talk to her for a while after that.
I just dot know what to do now.
I dont know which part to listen to.
I finally had it and told her that it was him or me, and she chose me.
I dont mean to say I expect to know when and who she's with.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
