Original Response:
Throwaway account:
Male, 31 &amp; American fwiw
Sorry for the textwall, but I'll condense it as best I can.  

I'm an absolute novice at relationships.  What I'm in right now, whatever it is, is the only thing that I've ever had.  I've been diagnosed aspergers, albeit high functioning.  Until the past summer I was forever alone.  

My first kiss and first sex happened with this woman last September.  She is a co-worker, and she's married with a child on spectrum.  It's complicated to say the least.  

She currently is living with her husband who is the perpetrator of domestic violence toward her and toward her child.  To the best of my knowledge it has not been physical abuse, however there is conclusive evidence of emotional and financial abuse according to the few people who know what's going on.

Having been a victim of domestic violence myself and watching my mother survive rape and eventually get away from the DV, I understand a lot about why she doesn't just leave.  I want her to.  For her, for her child, and of course I have an interest in her leaving as well, because I love her. (scary word used there, I know)

We started out as friends both of us miserable in our own ways and we did a lot of chatting online.  Eventually she "confessed" to me.  I wasn't interested in her at all.  But as I understood her more and got to know her my feelings changed.  She was looking for a "white knight" to be there for her and help her get away from the awful marriage.  The romantic feelings complicated that a lot.

She planned to leave in the beginning of July, but was caught off guard by her family inviting him to 4th of July to try and patch things up between them.  When she did a 180 and cut off communication with me, it sent me back into depression and major anxiety.  I left for a trip at the end of July and came back in August ready to leave her.

When we had a conversation when I came back she convinced me to not walk away and give up on her.  So the planning of the great escape started again.  I told her no kissing, etc. until she filed divorce papers.  So we enjoyed a physical but not sexual relationship for awhile.  Eventually she told me the papers were in and in September we started a real relationship.

She moved out into a place with her daughter and another co-worker.  I came over a couple nights a week and slept with her, only to get up in the early hours of the morning and walk back home.  We agreed that it wasn't time yet to get her daughter involved in things.

She spent October free and although we had some ups and downs, they were minor.  Then she injured her knee at work.  She got scared and had to call her husband to help her with their daughter... the aspergers etc makes her daughter difficult to manage.  A week later she gave me a call telling me she needed some time to think.  The next thing I knew she had moved back in with her husband.

Yes, her husband, because although she told me she had submitted the divorce papers, what she apparently did was give them to him, not file them with the court.  She lied to me.  And now she had left me and cut off all communication.

Except for at work.  There she'd ask for hugs, flirt with me, etc.  She was under orders from her husband to have no contact with me.  He'd installed a key-logger on her computer and would go into her gmail account and record conversations we had.  He threatened her with leaving if she ever contacted me again.

There's only one thing I've ever wanted in return for my friendship, and that's someone to talk to.  My one stipulation is communication.  And she consistently violates this expectation.  And when she does, it sends me back into anxiety and depression. (yes I am in counseling with a professional)

So I had no communication through November.  Come December I was tired of the mixed signals.  The refusal to communicate with me because of guilt played on her about marriage, but yet flirting constantly at work.  Around mid-December I imploded and called her out.  I told her goodbye.  She dropped the bombshell that her husband was forcing her to quit her job.  Not what I wished to happen.  But we cried and hugged each other for almost an hour then said goodbye.

The next day I received a call from her.  She wanted to talk.  Her husband made her call me to apologize.  She wasn't allowed to quit her job at the moment because he, as a contractor, didn't have any work and they needed her income.  I agreed that she could "use" me as a friend, and romantic "goal" if you will to try and get stable and eventually free once more.  I gave her until March.

She asked for a bit more time until the 15th so that she could get a copy of the husband's business tax.  I agreed that I'd hold out until the 15th.  So she continued to "sneak" and talk with me during work lunch breaks etc.  

And now we're here.  I'm finished.  I told her at the beginning of march that come the 15th I'm either her friend or not.  I'm going to communicate openly with her regardless of her husband's wishes.  She can take it or leave it.  Friday I sent her a text.  Her husband looked through her phone in the middle of the night and found the text.  He had a fit and put on the "I'm leaving" act.  Apparently she asked him to stay.  

And now we're here.  What do I do?  She says that she can't handle me communicating with her openly.  She wants more time.  I refuse.  She told me that then we're finished.  I asked her if she is sure, because I will walk away if she tells me to.  And she won't answer.

I've from my point of view given enough.  I don't want to leave her.  I love her and I like her daughter very much, despite their zoo of complications.  I ask myself how I can abandon them, especially the child to a relationship that is domestic violence.  But it's eating me up inside not knowing if she's okay, only seeing her every couple days at work.  But I love her enough to walk away.  Do I force the issue?  Do I continue to call her and create conflict between her and the husband?  Do I give in and hope she eventually gets out, and wait for the hope of the romantic relationship again?

I'm confused and I'd like some analysis.  I'll talk with my counselor and my mother asap before making a decision.  Thanks reddit.

TL:DR Got involved with a married woman/ mother in an abusive marriage, am I an idiot for hanging onto hope that she'll leave him even after setting clear boundaries?

edit: removed a personal detail

Summary:
I told her no kissing, etc.
She told me that then we're finished.
I don't want to leave her.
I wasn't interested in her at all.
She can take it or leave it.
But I love her enough to walk away.
I gave her until March.
The next thing I knew she had moved back in with her husband.
She was under orders from her husband to have no contact with me.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
