Original Response:
Hi Reddit,


A little background: I’ve been dating a man for about 16 months now.  I’m 24, and he’s 25.  We live in the same area, about a half hour apart from each other.  He works a very demanding job that requires him to be at the office 9-10 hours a day.  Furthermore, because of security issues, he can’t have his cellphone or be on Gchat.  I’m basically the opposite, I have a typical 9-5 where I can be on my cell and Gmail and don’t work much overtime.  He has some major commitment and baggage issues with women he’s previously dated: One left in the morning and had left a note in his briefcase, another was crazy clingy and wanted to get married in early college, and a few other crazies.  He’s never been the type (I learned through our friendship) to stick around when things weren’t right in the relationship.


We were friends for a couple months (knew each other a bit in college as well) before we started dating, and he had said he thought he was going to be single for a while.  Then he fell for me, and I for him, and despite some reservations on my part, we got together.   The first several months were easy and great until winter, when we started having some issues.  He was pulling back how much time we spent together, saying his job was draining him, and he needed more time to himself during the week.  I argued that I didn’t think I was asking for much, to see him 3 times a week, but we finally settled on spending Friday and Saturday nights together (with friends or without).  The months passed, I was in a bit of depression for the winter, and then spring came.  Things were better.


His parents came to visit in June or July, and he didn’t let me meet them (he had met mine in February).  He told me his parents didn’t even meet his sister’s boyfriend until they got engaged and that was how his family was.  I let it go, and told him that when they came the following year, I wanted to meet them.  He agreed.
We had our one-year anniversary in mid-September.  Things have not improved much in terms of communication (he’s distant on the phone), and I still only see him on weekends.  It’s like I’m in a long-distance relationship, even though we live close.
With all that being said, why I came here was, we’ve had some pretty major fights over the past 3-4 weeks, and I almost broke up with him the week before Christmas because I was tired of the poor communication, and I wanted more.  He made up for it by being really great while we were in our respective states for Christmas, and I was happy when we returned.  However, last Friday evening, we had another major fight, he was complaining about some stuff, and I said, “Why are you even with me if I do so much that upsets you?”  He said, “I don’t know.”  At that point, I was like, “ok, I think I’m going to go home.  We can talk tomorrow.”  He begged me not to, that he wanted to fall asleep and wake up next to me, and we’d talk in the morning.  I gave in.  The next day,  I said, “Are we going to talk about last night?” and he said he was sorry and asked if we could forget the rest.  Again, I let it go because it was New Year’s Eve, and I just wanted to have a good night. 


On Monday, I was talking to him on the phone, and I forget the context, but I said, “I want you to be happy!”  He told me that was “loaded statement” and wouldn’t tell me why.  Eventually, we got off the phone, and I was frustrated that he made me feel bad for saying that.  I called him back and said, “You can’t do that.  You can’t make me feel bad about something when I’ve done nothing wrong.”  He eventually apologized and said he thought I meant that I was the only one trying in the relationship.  We talked Tuesday and Wednesday, he said he was still not feeling well from the previous weekend (he has a nasty cold or the flu, and it kept him in bed all day on Monday).  Wednesday, he said he had spent some time on the phone with his sister, talking about some issue he was having, and when I asked him if he wanted to talk about it, he gave me a firm “nope.”  Last night, he texts me and says he’s super busy and couldn’t talk, but he’d see me today at our friend group’s happy hour.  This morning, he texts and says that he feels worse than ever, might only stay a few minutes for happy hour, and would be “staying in tonight (Friday) + prob tomorrow.” 


My gut is telling me something is wrong.  We’ve been fighting a lot, and I’m not sure if he’s really as sick as he says or if he is avoiding me.  I would understand if he wanted to stay in tonight and rest up, but I find it odd that he’s already calling off tomorrow, when the only time we see each other is weekends.  I am really tired of being on his schedule all the time, and if he’s trying to get space or step back, I don’t want to wait around for it.  If he truly is sick, well, then I am a total bitch.  Like I said though, in my gut, things feel wrong, and I don’t know if I should wait around for his “finding himself” time or jump ship.  I love him, but I also want a relationship that, after 16 months , is going along on its own path, and there is not so much struggle to communicate.


What do you think, Reddit?  Do I wait around for someone that hasn’t made me number 1?  As referenced way back, I feel like he wouldn’t be with me if he didn’t want to be, but I’m not sure it’s enough for me.  Anybody been through anything similar?  Any and all advice is appreciated.


**TL;DR: Been fighting with introverted and stressed boyfriend of 16 months for the past month.  Not sure my needs are being met.  Should I jump ship?**

Summary:
I called him back and said, “You can’t do that.
Eventually, we got off the phone, and I was frustrated that he made me feel bad for saying that.
Things have not improved much in terms of communication (he’s distant on the phone), and I still only see him on weekends.
As referenced way back, I feel like he wouldn’t be with me if he didn’t want to be, but I’m not sure it’s enough for me.
We’ve been fighting a lot, and I’m not sure if he’s really as sick as he says or if he is avoiding me.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
