Original Response:
This is long. Skimming the first 4 paragraphs should give you an OK idea of it, though.

I have been in a long-distance gay relationship for a little over 18 months now. We're both 17. We met online through a friend, and hit it off quickly. In the beginning of the relationship, he was worried that we were too similar. We seemed to both like all the same things. We eventually settled down, and noticed our differences, and concluded we had a happy balance.

We made plans for me to move in together in an apartment when we both got out of high school. I was going to move to where he was, and we were going to share an apartment between us and a friend of his. This was a plan we'd agreed on totally, and was my plan after high school. It was my biggest motivation to get through high school and the one thing I really had to look forward to. We were only 5 months away.

For the past few months, I've been experiencing a textbook case of "the fade". He's been talking and IM'ing less, sounding distant and sad on the phone, being less affectionate. Last night, he told me all the things that he's been upset about with me. The 4 main things he mentioned was how I treat my family, that I wasn't a good source of artistic/general motivation, that we were too different in likes and dislikes to be compatible, and how easily my opinions change. I managed to talk him into taking a "break" instead of just dropping me outright, but I haven't heard of this working well much. He wanted time to think about it.

He's voiced some of these concerns before, but never with such urgency or all at once like this. I didn't think he was this upset, although the fade was starting to worry me greatly.

For the first issue, my family, I am on his side. I don't talk kindly to my family. Right when we met, they spied on me and outed me. It was a painful, horrible experience. They were mean, condescending, and indifferent. He helped me through that, making our relationship all the stronger, but it put a lot of hate in it towards my family that wouldn't be there otherwise. I was stubborn and held a grudge far too strong and far too long, though. I really hurt my family by treating them that way. He heard me yelling at them over the phone a couple days ago, and it shook him. But this is something I can change, is it not? Throughout my childhood, my father yelled at most anything. It's where I got it from. But in the end, its my fault I yell, and it's something I can change. I have wanted to for a while, but didn't realize the extent of how nasty I was to them up until his shocked reaction on the mic a few days ago.

The second issue, lack of motivation, is a harder issue to tackle. He's a very passionate person. He likes to write a lot, and has for years. He says that I lack motivation, which is true. I tend to flit from thing to thing, never finding something I can stick with, whether it be drawing, poetry, writing, violin, programming... he helps with motivation, and is the reason I had enough self-confidence and effort to do many of those things in the first place, but in the end I still falter. He has faltered on other things, though, like the mandolin and cello and model-making and drawing, to name a few. We seem to be in a somewhat similar position, but he doesn't acknowledge that he drops things as well, and I haven't mentioned it or felt I should mention it. It seems like it'd make him more upset. But even as I write this, I consider it.

The third issue is confusing to a degree. As we've dated, we've come to realize we have a few major differences, but we still like a majority of the same things. There are lots of little differences we have, but few are major and ever fewer will affect our day to day life.He used to think we were too similar. I don't know if we changed, or if we learned, but I think it was both. And I think I can fix this.

The final issue is a tricky one. My opinions change because he becomes frustrated during debates and arguments about things. The biggest and best example is about alcohol. I don't want to touch the stuff, he does. He hates all other drugs, and refuses to touch them, but he says that alcohol isn't a drug and drinking it is completely different than getting high. I disagree, and have told him so. He gets upset and I back down. I don't mind if he drinks on occasion at the apartment, but I still worry about him. His family has a history of addiction problems. After our initial discussion, I convinced myself for a time that he was right. This faded after a while, and when it was brought up again, my opinion was back. This cycle has happened several times on several topics, and it seems like something we can fix instantly with a bit more understanding between the both of us.

I know that some of these issues seem large, but on a grand scale, they are all climbable. I'm willing to put forth the effort to fix our relationship, but he's only hanging onto the idea of us by a thread at this point.

This relationship is the best thing to ever happen to me, and the most important thing in my life right now. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.

TL;DR My boyfriend has been growing distant over the past few months, came close to dumping me last night. After examining his reasons why, I thought it was possible to fix them and listed them here, asking for advice.

EDIT: Added age and TL;DR

Summary:
We seemed to both like all the same things.
But this is something I can change, is it not?
He gets upset and I back down.
It's where I got it from.
He wanted time to think about it.
I don't talk kindly to my family.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
