Original Response:
This is my second real relationship and my first after about 5 years of not dating, so I'm admittedly insecure about my familiarity with the whole topic of growing a healthy and wonderful relationship. I've tried reading and therapy and want to do it right but I was hoping for some feedback/experiences on the nature of insecurity in a relationship. When does insecurity mean there's foundational problems with the relationship -- that it just won't work out -- and when is it just natural, just a part of getting close to someone and realizing they aren't everything you wish they were?

Our history: She was dumped for the first time ever and I was kind of a rebound or a surrogate that stepped in afterwards. That was 7 months ago (see [here](http://redd.it/19d2w2) for previous post). We were "dating" for the first 5 months, with her always hesitant to analyze or talk about us and me always wanting more commitment. Eventually she agreed that we pretty much approximated a relationship and she wanted to be my girlfriend (knowing that it was what I wanted). So we made the title switch and have since been hanging out almost constantly, sleeping together all the time, eating, cooking. Last weekend I went home with her and met her mom and sister for the first time. So it seems like we're getting serious. However she is headed off to grad school to live in another state at the end of the year, and has said that she wants to not be in a long-distance relationship and instead just focus on herself at that time. We've mentioned the idea of me moving there with her but we don't currently live together and she feels that me moving would be too premature (we arent at that point yet, the reasons arent right -- it would be out of necessity instead of us both wanting it), so we both expect that the relationship (if it still exists) will be ended by her hand when she leaves. I wouldn't mind moving, but partially just for the change of scenery and the excitement of knowing i was getting more serious with her.

The problem: The problem we're having is slippery and I'm trying to understand what it means. Despite us "growing close" in the sense of spending a lot of time together and having lots of shared experiences and opening up emotionally and intellectually, we both feel like something is just "off" in the relationship -- like there is some element missing. But neither of us feels that it is enough to warrant ending the relationship. I worry that the missing element is something like "love", but i hate to use that word. There is this sense that even when we are with each other we aren't close or in tune. It just feels off. I wonder if it's something that grows with time or maybe something that needs to be there from the start -- instrinsic to the relationship. She has said to me that she felt closer to her exes than she does with me, but that she sees this as potentially related to how dependent she was on them -- that those relationships felt unhealthy, like her identity was entirely wrapped up in them -- she uses words like obsessive, immature, unhealthy to describe the nature of that love. With me she feels differently and doesn't know what to make of it. Her friends tell her it sounds like she's in a more healthy place, and that she always was slow to warm, slow to open up.

I on the other hand feel distant from her because I feel like we don't connect on some wavelength. Like she isn't empathetic enough for me -- that i'm sensitive and empathetic she is callous and self-centered. In that respect we have different energies about us. She doesnt seem to know or understand how or why I'm feeling if I'm feeling sad or anxious, but I'm painfully aware of how stressed/anxious/sad she is. part of it is because she is so vocal all the time and I am more of a listener. But it ends up feelings almost like she sees me as an object that she is attracted to in various ways and cares about taking care of, but not like a human that she loves. We discusses how when i went home with her, she felt like I was there, but I wasn't there WITH her. I didn't feel close to her, i felt weird and alienated. Almost voyeuristic, like i was there to see and watch but not there to just be with her. It felt off, like we were playing at being in a relationship. She wouldn't sit by me, didn't cuddle me. We would talk about her history there but never about us. I kind of hate the feeling. 
I want things to work out with her but I don't want things the way they are now. That makes me worry that I'm expecting her to change. But she is so attractive to me (not just physically) that I don't want to let her go -- there's no one else who excites me as much as she does.

We talked about it tonight and she expressed the same doubts, like there is just something missing. Additionally, neither of us is able to picture what it would be like being with the other person long term. It's the weirdest thing, like I can't see myself with her in 10 years. I can't picture it, and that scares me. But i'm not sure if I can't picture it because I just dont know where i'll be, or because she doesn't measure up to some unrealistic standard in my head, or because we just aren't meant for each other and subconsciously i know it somehow.

**TL;DR: my girlfriend and i feel like something is missing but neither of us knows what. Is this a deal-breaker? We're talking about it, it's on the table, our plan is to see what happens. Can anyone offer insight? Is amorphous insecurity about a relationship grounds for ending it? How do you deal with it and move forward if not?**

Summary:
I kind of hate the feeling.
I want things to work out with her but I don't want things the way they are now.
**TL;DR: my girlfriend and i feel like something is missing but neither of us knows what.
It felt off, like we were playing at being in a relationship.
But neither of us feels that it is enough to warrant ending the relationship.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
