Original Response:
First, thank you for all of your insight and brutally honest advice about my OG post [here](http://redd.it/o954q).

This is PT.2, and it's wayy too long.

So I had planned on having that conversation (he needs to respect my concerns and share more of his life &lt;ahem, friends included&gt; with me)yesterday with him in person. However, he was applying for a loan that day and then buying a motorcycle. I was hesitant about ruining his big day, but I figured that these issues should take a GINORMOUS priority over a new bike.

Then...he got denied the loan (he's 23, unemployed for the last few months, and with little credit to his name. not the ideal candidate for a loan), and I received a text saying 'Don't bother coming down tonight.' I knew he was upset and disappointed about this but I wanted to be there for him and have my planned-on convo. I called him and offered to make him dinner and then talk. He said, "Do what you want I could care less. If you want to come over, come over. I don't care." He then said I was being overly critical of him because I told him it was unfair how he was taking his nerves out on me. Not ok, I wasn't being bitchy just telling him how his actions made me feel. So I got a coffee with a friend, did an hour of yoga and planned on not talking to him til the AM and give him some alone time to de-stress.

Cut to 10:30 last night...he calls me. He asks how I'm doing and if we could talk about today. I replied, "Sure, today was a tough day. Are you OK?" He goes silent and asks if I had anything to say for myself? Um, what? He goes off. Apparently, I should let him be mad and not get upset when he takes his anger out on me (raising his voice at me, being incredibly short, cursing), and that I am more jealous than I let on. Ridiculous. Then he started to say that my biggest problem is that I care too much about him and put too much pressure on our 2-year relationship- I'm too serious and he just wants to 'hangout.' WHAT? He's the one that's always taken it to the next level (HE wanted us to be official bf/gf, ask me to move in with him, has told me he sees his future with me, wants to marry me/have kids), how am I too serious?!  Then he started saying how incredibly unhappy he is but wants to be with me still. He said that he hates everything in his life and that he is a total asshole and loser, he hates where he lives, his family, his band, EVERYTHING. 

Then he said the craziest thing, he said that I have not done a single thing wrong and that our relationship is really good -but- since everything else in his life is shit it's easier for him if our relationship goes down the toliet as well. WHAT? You have someone who cares for you and supports you but that's too much work?? Next he explained his emotions as 'I don't want to die, but I don't want to live anymore. I want to work 9-5 and then die. I want to shut everyone out and be alone, that's what I've been doing and that's what works for me. I'm never changing for anyone.' He was completely serious, that's not an ok way to go through your life! I brought up this amazing and free counseling program he should try in order to sort out these feelings (even volunteering to go with him if he wanted), but he flat out refused saying they wouldn't give a shit and would just prescribe him pills.

He then said he felt alone. I asked him about this giant group of friends (females) he's always talking about/texting/facebook-ing, aren't they his friends? Don't they care about him? He said that he always initiates contact with his friends and if he didn't text anyone he would never receive a text from anyone (besides me). I told him that maybe he needs to re-evaluate his friendships, maybe they're not as close as he thinks! He then brought up how he could care less about his friends and that he is content shutting everyone out, regardless of how much it may hurt his friends(or me!). After an hour on the phone he said 'I don't know what we're accomplishing by being on the phone.' I then replied that I need the money he borrowed from me by the end of the month, and bye. That was it, and it's been 24 hours with no contact since.

What else could I even do to reconcile this? Nothing. He has some serious emotional issues that are beyond either of us handling/figuring out. I'm not worried that he is suicidal/will hurt himself, but I really hope he finds peace with himself and gets some professional help. His actions toward me the past 2 years have been unacceptable and have drained the life outta me, I have never felt more exhausted or insecure about myself then I have these past few months.

So, to me it's over. I can't put myself in that situation again, I feel almost relieved. I got a faboosh haircut today, had lunch with my girlfriends (who are overjoyed that I got myself out, they were so upset that my BF was that abusive and immature, and that I deserve much better than this 'sketchy douchebag'), and scored an auditon with a prestigious ballet company next month. Oh, and I'm taking 8 upper-division Business Management classes this semester aaaand going to Europe for 4 weeks this summer! I have a lot going on, I feel like I have a lot going for me and he was a terrible anchor. I feel like he took advantage of me and used me, I can't believe I was his doormat. But I have this feeling that I'll find a man (hopefully one with a beard/long hair and an obsession with 80s metal) that really loves me, wants to show me off to the world and doesn't take me for granted (and holds doors open for me and appreciates the small things I do for him, something my ex would never do).

However, we never said the official "It's over, we're broken up." Do we need to have that talk, or is my NC sufficient? I have a feeling he will call me tomorrow AM and I'm not sure what to say. I feel he might apologize, and I really don't want to cave in and go against everything I've decided and felt today. I feel that if I were to see him I could easily fall for whatever BS he has to say. Shit, any support would be greatly appreciated.

Thank you reddit.

TL;DR: Tried talking to my emotional rollercoaster BF about our issues, things got way crazier than I imagined. I'm done, but its not 'official.' What to do if he calls today...?

Summary:
He said, "Do what you want I could care less.
He asks how I'm doing and if we could talk about today.
Don't they care about him?
He then said he felt alone.
What to do if he calls today...?
I have a feeling he will call me tomorrow AM and I'm not sure what to say.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
