Original Response:
Sorry in advance for wall of text. 


This past week marked our anniversary of 3 years. Normally, we celebrate each other and go out to eat, but instead we had chick-fil-a. I told him happy anniversary, and he didn't say the same to me. He tells me he's just frustrated from work and that's why he's so snappy and short with me. I don't understand how he could be so angry for so long. It's been over a month since he last woke up without being aggressive. We hardly sleep together anymore since he stays up all night playing the division till he passes out on the couch. Sex is infrequent and impersonal; he does his thing then goes back to the tv. He says I'm the one who's changed, but I believe he's changed more. 


A little background info, this man was the only one there for me during one of the worst times of my life. I had just left my abusive ex husband, lost my job and had to move back to my hometown from the beach. My grandfather who practically raised me had a stroke and I was taking care of him full time along with working. My father and I had a falling out after the grandad died because he decided to keep everything in the will for himself. I was evicted by my father from my childhood home, and lived like a beggar out of a 'friend's' basement (she screwed us over and kicked us out too). But despite all the shit we went through together, we were still close. 


That is until about 6 months ago. 


That's when I lost my shit. I had a boss that called me in CONSTANTLY. Like, I was the only reliable person in the dietary kitchen of this nursing home. My boss drove me mad.  The last straw was a call at 4 am to come in to cook breakfast, lunch and dinner (16 hour shift) for the whole weekend because my manager didn't want to since she was going to a fashion show. I said no. She called me back flipping out and I went into a panic attack and quit. 


I was unemployed for 6 months after that. Not for lack of trying, but I live in a very small hometown so opportunities don't last. I had an interview 2 months in, but couldn't clean up in time for a piss test (I smoke pot). And so, unemployed I stayed for several more months. We discussed the very real possibility of me going back to minimum wage despite my certifications just to have the money to make ends meet. I agreed it may have to be a necessary stepping block to becoming more stable. 


Fast forward to Feb 25. I get a call from a restaurant that I applied to that I can come in for an interview. It's a little slightly more upscale for an Asian joint, but not fine dining, by far. A little Korean place opened up and run by the same old Korean man for 15 years. Ironically, it's where we USED to have our anniversary dinner every year. I negotiated my wages with the owner and agreed $9/hr was reasonable for line cooking. (Remember, I used to be in dietary; that, in my option, is with more pay because of the heavier workload and my expertise in geriatric special meals.) I come home and tell him the great news that I have a job, 30hrs a week at $9/hr, and that's not good enough. I should have asked for more money from the old man. No fucking way. He's 72, it's damn surprising he still runs his own kitchen. 


Now, my current issue. He's trying to control every aspect of my life as if I am unable to do so myself. He wouldn't let me spend my tax refund on a new bed we desperately need. He wants a new tv instead (he broke the last one and our other tv is perfectly fine). He says if he didn't keep track of the bills, they'd never get paid, but my archive of spreadsheets from when I lived without him says otherwise. He says he does everything in the house, but I'm washing and folding his clothes, feeding him, doing all the dishes, grocery shopping, going to PAY BILLS, oh, and I work full time too. But I'm lazy if I come home and not want to immediately start cooking him dinner because he is hungry and didn't even attempt to find his own food all day while I'm away. 


Shortly after getting this job, my starter in my car went out and I couldn't drive it anywhere till it was fixed. I borrowed my roommate's truck and had to rely on either him or my bf to come get me. Wouldn't you know, I was forgotten at work 4 times and one of those times I walked home in the dark, crying. When my car was fixed, my father muscled his way into "borrowing" it, and my bf flipped out. He technically was the one who saved to have ur fixed, so he was the most upset that my father got the benefit of using it. When I came home and told him that my dad took it, my bf went on a tirade. He flipped out so bad it sent me into a panic attack and even after I insisted for him to stop, he continued until I couldn't breathe through the tears and hyperventilating. It didn't stop there. He called my dad and have him death threats. He took one of our shotgun shells and wrote my dad's name on it and then declared that he was mentally unstable enough to kill my dad for borrowing my car and not regret it at all. 


And now that I'm sitting here taking the time to type this all up, I'm realizing how little he supports my hobbies and passions. I sew, but my machines need some minor repairs. Since I haven't had the extra cash to fix them, they are being "a waste of space". Same with my yarn for crochet. "You have to much yarn, and you never use it all". "What about the guitar you don't play anymore?" Ugh, I can't take the criticism. 


My main issue now is, how to go about ending this without some cataclysmic reaction from him with his short fuse. The one thing he's always told me when we argue is, "if you want me to go, I will" but I don't think it well be that easy. I'm getting the feeling that as of late, he's trying to control me more and manipulate things to his favor. I don't want to live stressed out anymore. 


Tl;dr; f24 wants to break up with manipulative m24 after an eventful 3 year relationship.




Edit: I'm currently at work, so I can't respond to all comments on this post just yet. Basically, the point of this post was to find a way to break the news to him without ending in extreme conflict. He has aggressive tendencies that I am wary of not I'm the way that will hurt me, but damage things around him. 

Edit 2: I have arranged for my roommate to be present for the talk tonight so as to have a warm body in case of incident. Wish me luck..

Summary:
I was unemployed for 6 months after that.
I don't want to live stressed out anymore.
That's when I lost my shit.
I told him happy anniversary, and he didn't say the same to me.
I had a boss that called me in CONSTANTLY.
He says I'm the one who's changed, but I believe he's changed more.
And so, unemployed I stayed for several more months.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
