Original Response:
This is quite a long story(I'm not gonna include every detail, if you have questions ask) so bear with me. 

A few years ago I dated this girl and after a few weeks I fell in love with her(or at least that's what it seemed like as I hadn't felt like that before or since.) She had just moved to my town when we met. We dated for about a month and a half or so before she had to move back to where she was from(we were both still pretty young at the time and she was bouncing back and forth between her mom and dad.) We continued to date for about 3 months and eventually she came back. When she came back we stayed together for another 3 months or so and then she broke up with me. At the time she told me I was too clingy(which I now totally agree with.) Well, I tried to move on but never really got over her. We would occasionally see each other and she started dating some asshole after me that I got in fights with on more than one occasion. Eventually she moved back with her mom and I didn't see or hear from her for a few months. Then out of the blue she called me and told me she missed me. We got back together for awhile but the distance was an issue and eventually it ended. This continued to happen every couple months for about 3 years.

On one of these occasions, I was becoming annoyed with her because I thought she was cheating on me(she continues to deny it to this day so I have no idea if she was) because she would always post pictures of herself and another guy on he myspace(lol,) and in a lot of them they were kissing. Well, one day I got sick of it and she was drunk and we got in a big fight and we didn't talk for 4 months. I never really said we were broken up but I thought she assumed it.

Around the 3 month mark of us not talking I met another girl that I started dating. About a month into me and her dating I got a call from my ex again. She told me her friend told her that I was cheating on her. So she found out about my girlfriend(not that it was a secret) and I was kind of annoyed because we hadn't even spoken in 4 months. So my girlfriend broke up with me over it and my ex continued to not talk to me for months after that. I didn't hear from her at all for a long time.

So after awhile, and a few relationships, I missed her. I called her and told her that and we talked about getting back together. But neither of us wanted to do it with the distance so we decided to wait until we thought it was a good idea and then we would move in with each other. Well, a couple months after we decided this she stopped talking to me. I didn't hear from her for another month. I figured it was over. I met another girl(my current girlfriend) and we started dating.

Of course like the week after that she calls me again and tells me she's moving back to my town and that we should find an apartment. I tell her about my girlfriend and she was pissed obviously. She didn't talk to me for about a month then I hear she moved here with so guy. So she ends up calling me and tells me she wants to hang out so we could talk. We did and we kept talking after that trying to be friends. She eventually left the guy she was living with and moved back in with her dad. I started to think I might have a chance with her again and me and my girlfriend weren't really getting along so I broke up with her and I tried to get my ex back. It didn't work out. She turned me down multiple times and went out with other guys as well as just having sex with them(that hurt.)

So I was still talking to the girl I had been dating and we were getting along really well. I ended up getting back together with her because I thought things would never happen with my ex again. Things were a lot better. We didn't fight very often. We would go out and do things. She even made me a surprise dinner the other day just to be nice(my favorite meal.) It's been going great but I've never really fallen in love with her and I'm not sure I will. We're very different people and we don't agree on a lot of things.

During me and this girl dating my ex had to move back to her home town after getting kicked out of her dad's house. I didn't talk to her for about a month and then suddenly about a week ago she called and told me she still loved me. She said she always had but she thought that things between me and her would never work out and that the only way she could move on was to try and push me away. We talked about it and she was going to move back here and get back together with me.

As you can see(if you took the time to read that) I'm in quite a bad situation. I don't really want to leave my girlfriend. She's been good to me and she's really nice. But I don't love her. I know that if I leave her she won't talk to me ever again. She's even told me herself. I'm not sure if I still love my ex but even when we fought about her and other guys and me and my girlfriend, just being around her made me happy.

So the big problem is this: My ex just gave me an ultimatum. Tell my girlfriend what's going on and leave her or stay with her and never hear from my ex again. I'm not sure what to do and any advice would be awesome...

EDIT: Before I get someone saying I'm being an ass and screwing over my current girlfriend let me explain that relationship a little better. She doesn't love me(as far as I know at least) and I don't love her. We originally got together only because we were a good match sexually. We just happened to really get along and it was better than being alone. She knows that all of this is going on.

Summary:
She didn't talk to me for about a month then I hear she moved here with so guy.
I called her and told her that and we talked about getting back together.
I didn't hear from her for another month.
Well, I tried to move on but never really got over her.
So my girlfriend broke up with me over it and my ex continued to not talk to me for months after that.
About a month into me and her dating I got a call from my ex again.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
