Original Response:
**tl;dr drunkenly had a jealous emotional over reaction and broke up with my amazing gf of 1 month and then continued to be self centered while she offered many chances to move on. i ruined the evening then weekend and now i guess the whole relationship. fml**

She stopped messaging me Thursday night abruptly and I had the passing suspicion it was because she was out with her ex or friends or something but I was tired from work and we hung out so much and I figured she had been sick earlier in the week so maybe she was just doing her own thing plus we weren't officially dating so I tried not to care but I had confessed I loved about 2 weeks ago (she's really accepting of me for who I am and it was the first time I'd felt this way in 3 years). 

I had flaked on our first date originally and she hooked up with her ex that night (she was pissed I flaked twice), that was about a month and a half ago. 2 weeks after I messaged her again and we started dating and were monogamous since (about 4 weekends), I fell for her hard she met my parents I met her sister and roomies, I painted her place  (she paid me) we went out a lot and made plans so much so fast.

On Friday she messaged me good morning as usual and that night we went for a bike date I got drunk I pried into her ex and her life (I had been doing this before comparing myself to him trying to learn and also being overly selfless sometimes trying to tell her to give him another chance empathizing with him etc) and got jealous and I guess obnoxious and I pried more and more.... she eventually snapped and said she had gone out on Thursday night with him and broken up with him permanently saying she couldn't see him anymore but let him stay overnight with her and her roomies he on her bed and she on the couch because his construction renovation is literally up the street and he lives a decent distance away.

Over the course of the night as my jealousy really shut me down and I was drunk and confused I asked many stupid questions and badgered her and definitely was overly emotional she slept on the couch a bit and I on the bed we watched tv a bit she told me she wanted to be platonic friends with her ex to go out for food etc enjoy new restaurants and this made me very jealous and feel inferior to her ex. I wanted to do those things and I felt real possessive and betrayed for her wanting to do them with him still even after their relationship didn't work out. It just seemed suspect. But I also think she said this stuff out of anger. Why else would she break off their platonic friendship without even telling me. Unless she lied about that for more victim sympathy?

She also told me she had told her roomies (sister + friend) that we were dating like I had asked her if we were (was news to me when she said this), so not only did I get jealous before we were even in a relationship but it was when she was disconnecting permanently from her ex (he cried) and she had told her roomies we were probably going to go steady.

I fucking froze up and went robotic and decided to break up with her thinking she still had feelings for her ex and over the course of the night I must have messed with her head deciding back and forth and flip flopping and questioning and being depressed and emo. After sobering up the next morning I spoke to some ex gfs and decided for some reason she could be still hung up on her ex and that she didnt want me could be using me etc so I left in the morning.

Shortly after she texted me that I was cruel. We had a days worth of back and forth argumentative texting her asking for me back quickly and me feeling too awkward and proud to swallow it up and go back and being in a weird place around her roomies I couldn't handle the shame and awkwardness and was thinking it was better to end it right then and there for her and for me. She seemed to make it seem like admitting my mistakes and my jealousy and showing I can learn from it at this early in the relationship was salvageable. It should have never happened but she gave me the chance to come back and even apologized for things she said too. 

But I kept questioning it and not accepting. I continued this to today constantly rationalizing the situation differently and asking questions and not settling to just move on with her.

Finally I accepted one of her many invitations to get together but this had been going on since Friday night all Saturday (when I left in the morning and then a bit on Sunday morning. 2 Hours into Sunday I asked if she wanted to hang after she had asked me twice in that two hours already and she had already made plans with someone "that doesn't jerk her around"

I'm not sure who that is and it really hurt me but I get how bad I've fucked up. I'm sure it's someone like her ex some new guy or a friend.

I've been cheated on in the past and had some bad rumors started about me by women I have huge trust and inadequacy issues it seems.
I think this is all my fault but some people have told me I had a right to be jealous and she could have been using me to get back with her ex.

I've messaged her saying I'd love another chance but I get that I've been permanently red flagged here.

Have I blown this permanently and if so how should I attempt to salvage the summer. She reawakened many interests in me that are now mutual and definitely we would bump into each other if I explore them.

I want her to be happy and I want to be happy too I hadn't felt loved in love like this in a long long time.

I am utterly destroyed right now and dreading the 9-5 grind after this alone while she being extremely good looking and well put together has tonnes of options and quickly and discretely moves on from me to enjoy the rest of the summer.

Any advice on how to salvage? Right now I'm lying low and hoping she gives me another chance.

Am I being played? 

Why did I blow this am I mentally ill how the fuck did I ruin something so fun and amazing and short term with jealousy :(

FUCK

Summary:
But I kept questioning it and not accepting.
I want her to be happy and I want to be happy too I hadn't felt loved in love like this in a long long time.
But I also think she said this stuff out of anger.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.02
