Original Response:
I (34/m) met my girlfriend (24/f) on New Years Eve in the city that she lives in.  The night I met her I didn't pay too much attention to her, we didn't get to spend that much time together.  But over the new few days before I went back to where I live we did spend a little more time together and I actually noticed that I could "see" who she was.  I can read most people very easily and some rare people I can completely "get" right off.  She was one of those people I realized and knew I wanted to get to know her better.

I got her contact info and we both started talking a lot during work over IM.  We became pretty good friends and started skyping at night watching TV shows or just talking for hours.  It was an amazing time as we realized how much we had in common, it was an insane amount of things.  We continued communications via chat/text/phone calls/skype almost all day long and for some reason to both of us none of it ever got old or annoying.

Even though not in a relationship I would do boyfriendish type things.  I would read to her on skype until she fell asleep and then I would sign off.  I would have loving texts waiting for her when she woke up to help make her day a little better.  We would both give each other "songs for the day" which eventually turned more and more romantic with each day.

After about a month, her and a friend decided to visit me and a friend of mine for a holiday where I live and that's where we kissed for the first time.  It was amazing and felt perfect.  We did other things that weekend, but did not have sex.

Another visit to where she lived and at that point we had already decided we were in love with each other.  We have been exclusively boyfriend and girlfriend since then.  We are both on the exact same page with how much we love each other and its an unexplainable amount which I think is somewhat rare.

THE PROBLEM:

I've never ever felt emotions this high before.  I love this girl more than anything in my life and she feels exactly the same.  But with this I feel very very vulnerable... she knows how much I love her and I feel almost like it can't even be real, so I look for things that show that it might not be.  I always look for reasons that she may not love me as much as she claims to.  Rationally, there is NO reason for me to believe she loves me any less than I love her, but again, it just seems too good to be true so I look for things.  Here are some examples (2 real and 1 potential), what I did, and what I feel I should have done:

situation:  She tells me that she thinks we should talk less because she is worried I may not be getting enough sleep.

How I handled it:  I freaked out thinking that I don't get to see her/talk to her as much (and if she can talk to me less she doesnt love me as much), propose an extreme option (no more skyping before bed or skyping in the morning so that I can sleep longer) that I will get a response that she doesnt want to do that to prove that she still likes me just as much.

How I should have handled it:  Let her know that I'm perfectly ok with the amount of sleep I'm getting and it's fine.  But if she needs more we can try to work better at getting her to sleep sooner and be respectful of the fact that she needs more sleep than me to operate.  Focus on not getting into "deep" conversations or trying to drag out talking more at night.


Situation:  She calls another friend instead of me when we only have a little bit of time to talk before she gets on a plane

How I handled it:  I freaked out because I couldn't believe she would call someone else instead of me when we have so little time left before she is on a plane for multiple hours

How I should have handled it:  Respect the fact that she has other friends she needs to keep in touch with, especially her best friend, and be happy knowing that she will be contacting me next and that she loves me more than anything

Potential Situation:  She decides that instead of going home to watch a show with me as she had planned she will go out with guys from work to have a drink.

How I would normally handle this:  Get really really upset and hurt.  Text her mean things, call her repeatedly, make her feel as bad as possible until she is having a terrible time and wants to go home.

How I SHOULD handle this:  Respectfully let her know that you were looking forward to her going home and spending time with you.  Make sure she understands how important that was to you and then respect the fact that she changed her mind and there will be plenty more nights to skype her and also that you will be skyping her later when she goes to bed.  Be grateful for the fact that she is choosing to spend that time with you instead of upset about the time you have lost

Being in an LDR makes this harder because things get misunderstood over chat and you can't hug each other after you make up.  As well as all the other things that go into LDR's.


THE QUESTION:

How do I take small things that are not meant to hurt me and not let my feelings get hurt or feel as if I am being rejected in some way.  How do I not get hung up on the little things and drag them out and also not let things like that hurt me.

I'm still having trouble letting the little things go (her suggesting that I get more sleep and maybe not talk as much is not a big thing, she is just thinking out loud).  That was something very small to her and she was just thinking out loud and I over reacted big time.  I need to understand the situation and realize exactly whats going on before I pounce on anything.

How to recognize the situation before letting hurt emotions get involved.


TLDR:   Little things that are no big deal to her can sometimes make me feel rejected, hurt my feelings big time since I love her so much and cause me to react negatively towards her until we are fighting over silly things.

Summary:
How I SHOULD handle this:  Respectfully let her know that you were looking forward to her going home and spending time with you.
I always look for reasons that she may not love me as much as she claims to.
How to recognize the situation before letting hurt emotions get involved.
I love this girl more than anything in my life and she feels exactly the same.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
