Original Response:
This is going to be very long.

I live next to my dorm floor's RA room. Slightly over a month ago, a new (female) RA moved in. I found her cute and gregarious, but decided to stay strictly as friends. I'd help her out with her translation job and we'd talk into the night, and I'd do silly things like pester her for breakfast on the day we start school at the same time, and perhaps from these I started falling for her, but I wasn't going to ask her out since there was the triple whammy of 1) her living next-door, 2) her being an RA, and 3) me leaving in three months.

Last week, I was on a dorm-organized study trip to her hometown. She had gone back earlier to do her own fieldwork and research for her studies, join the dorm trip as a local guide, and then remain in her hometown til Sunday, a couple of days after the dorm trip was over, to continue her research. I had planned to extend my trip slightly to Sunday to check out tourist attractions that the study trip did not cover, and we would be taking the same flight back.

During the trip it seemed like we got closer: little stuff like me standing so unnecessarily close we'd touch to see if she pulled away (she didn't); on her part she allowed me to sleep in the girls' room one night while I was feeling sick and the guys' room had a party going on, then subsequently woke me up at 6am hours before everyone was awake to help her with her work but ended up going out on a long walk instead.

I'd never thought of asking her to bring me around the city because I thought she'd be busy with her work, but she offered to take me out in between her appointments and after her work was done, which I accepted. We basically spent the whole of Saturday together, with her bringing me around and showing where she grew up, where she frequented etc., held hands, and we ended up in a park with a great night view. There we sat, heads resting against each other's, and I confessed.

She kind of pulls back, sits in shock for several long minutes, and then breaks out... "Sorry, I'm a lesbian", and tells me she's actually seeing another girl. I was expecting something to go wrong when she took so long to respond, but definitely not that. Still, that's who she is and I can't change it, so I tell her it's okay and thank her for trusting me enough to tell me the truth instead of one of the many other reasons she could have given. She keeps apologizing profusely.

She sits in closer, and we remain like that for a quite a while, before I did what I know is an extremely asshole move. I moved in for the kiss, very, very slowly, and she did not pull back. She says this'll be the first and the last time, but she doesn't want to leave me and that moment, tells me to hold her tighter. I was thinking, this is the first and the last time, and I really desired her, so I obliged. We embrace and make out for like three hours and walk back to the car holding hands, and I was feeling slightly bittersweet that it'd be over and we'd return to being just friends when the sun came up. On the way back I asked her if I should forget what happened that night, she told me to treat it such that I won't be sad, and I said I'd like to remember that night. She says she doesn't want to hurt me, or the girl she's seeing, so I say we should return to being friends, just like before that Saturday, and she agrees. She dropped me off at my hotel, and that was it.

The next day she brought me around again - I acted like nothing happened. However, she would move in close to me even when I tried to pull away, give me those bedroom eyes, and use that tone of voice you'd never use on a normal friend. The flight back she had her legs pushed up against mine the entire time. On Monday evening we were basically flirting with our legs under the table with other dormmates around. Later that night, she says I have beautiful eyes, like a girl's, we basically look into each other's eyes for so long and she keeps looking back even. I got really confused, told her we need to talk, and we took a walk.

I basically asked her what our relationship actually was, and that she was touching me and reciprocating in a way normal friends wouldn't. She pauses, and then apologizes. I tell her I don't want to ruin anything if she's already seeing someone, and we should keep an appropriate physical distance. She apologizes again, and says that she's sorry she's so indecisive, and that she doesn't know what to do herself. We sit like that for a bit, me collecting my thoughts. She asks me what I'm thinking, and I reply that I'm trying to get over her. On the way back she's walking really slowly. I ask her what's up and she says she needs time to think, so we head back to the park, where we sit there in silence for a while more. After a while, she suggests we go back and on the way back I hear a very clear "I'm trying to get over you too" in the softest of voices.

Now I'm extremely, extremely confused as to what I should do. It hasn't even been a week, so my feelings for her are still extremely strong. She says she's a lesbian and seeing a girl and yet she's not rejecting me and giving me all these signals and saying all these things that make me really reluctant to just shut her out. Any advice, /r/relationships?

**tl;dr: Got very close with dorm neighbor, we hold hands, I confess, she tells me she's a lesbian and seeing a girl, we embrace and make out for hours, she keeps giving me signals, flirting and reciprocating despite agreeing we should go back to being normal friends, then when I call her out for that she tells me she too is trying to get over me. Wat do.**

Summary:
On the way back she's walking really slowly.
I moved in for the kiss, very, very slowly, and she did not pull back.
She pauses, and then apologizes.
I got really confused, told her we need to talk, and we took a walk.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
