Original Response:
This fucking blows. I have no relationship with my brother and no one to talk to it about. He’s 23, I’m 20 (younger bro) and we don’t talk at all. We live under the same roof, never say shit to each other unless we have to. We see each other in the morning, we don’t say hi. Only if we need to know where our parents are, or if we are visiting a mutual group of friends (once a month?), that’s when we talk.

The fucking problem is that we are complete opposites. He likes reading, computers, and videogames. I like working out, hanging out with people, and exposing myself to craziness like a typical 20 year old. The past year we really drifted apart, especially when I got admitted into the same university. I have to admit, over the past few months I have had somewhat a negative attitude towards my family because of our relationship and it showed.

Just this past 3 weeks ago, my family had a huge discussion with me, telling me I need to stop acting so isolated from the family and be more respectful with my brother by developing a better relationship with him. Fine, I have been at fault. And I have been trying to work on it by initiating conversation with him. I’m fucking trying, but it doesn’t seem to be going anywhere. I’ve been cautious with my “isolation” habits, and actually have been less social in school and coming home earlier to be with my family. 

So, I actually tried to play the same online game he does last weekend just to make us closer. We played one game, I quit after an hour because I got so frustrated at the level of intensity/seriousness he plays at. I tried to share some gym stories with him too, so we can have a conversation going. I actually thought everything was going well this week until tonight. For the past week, me and 3 of my friends have been planning to go this popular steak house where they serve unlimited steaks. So finally tonight, we gathered up and headed out to have some steaks and what seemed to be a great night until I got home. I was super excited to tell my brother about the steaks I had, and wanted to share my experiences and the ridiculous pricing. I was literally walking up to his room, with a huge smile on my face, completely eager to tell him that we should definitely go together soon. 

Before I went to his room, I had posted a facebook status with me and friends at the steakhouse and I guess he had seen it before I had gotten home. I go into his room, and was like “Dude! Guess where I came from!?” and he was like “Yeah, I saw, you’re such a faggot”. I was confused, and he said “You’re such a fucking asshole for not inviting me, you know I wanted to go there for the longest time.” And then he went on and started saying how I’m a douchebag. He was shouting at me, I was shouting back, like WTF, why are you pissed off at me. I told him I went with my friends, it would be awkward if you came.  He was like, “Yeah, I know them.”…..Yeah he does, he’s seen them once but has never talked to them for more than 5 minutes. 1 of the 3 friends, we were both really good mutual friends with. But seriously, this is my group of college friends including the mutual friend. He then went on saying, on how I did this on purpose and that I’m a fucking liar, and said how I have no respect for this family. And then he said “Get the fuck out of here, I’m done dealing with you, and never want to ever. I’m done with this bullshit.” And by that time, I got the fuck out of the room, shocked.

It never crossed my motherfucking mind to not invite him with ill intentions. Seriously, I’m hanging out with MY friends. I’m not trying to cause any trouble, nor am I trying to fucking pester him. All I wanted to do was tell him that we should go together like next week for lunch with our cousins. I don’t know why he thinks I did this act on purpose, or out of hate. I don’t know why the hell he reacted like this but it is certainly bothering me. I know for a fact that if I try to talk to him tomorrow, or anyone in my family, they are going to say that I lack respect for him because I didn’t invite him. This respect bullshit never crossed my mind. I freaking had pure intentions and did not intend anyone to get fucking offended because I went out to dinner with my buddies.

Honestly, for these past 2 weeks, I’ve felt like I’ve been fucking up my household environment. I’ve honestly tried being on my best behavior and acting respectful, but I guess I’m not. There’s no one to freaking talk to this about, because when I bring it up to my parents, somehow they don’t see my pureness and think I’m lying probably because I’m the younger brother. I’ve genuinely tried to make us get closer, but after tonight I don’t think its going to happen. I honestly cannot believe how despicable he acted towards me and am truly disturbed by my own status in this family. 

I don’t know if I can take this shit longer. I just need someone to offer me advice, or tell me something. I’ve been constantly criticized for the past month and am extremely frustrated at my efforts. I thought tonight would have been a great night, but clearly its ended in the most fucked up way I could have never imagined. 

tl;dr: Unstable relationship is becoming worse. I'm trying to fix it, but he acted in such a vile way tonight against me because I didn't invite him to dinner with MY friends. I need advice.

Summary:
I have no relationship with my brother and no one to talk to it about.
I go into his room, and was like “Dude!
Guess where I came from!
I’ve honestly tried being on my best behavior and acting respectful, but I guess I’m not.
I’m fucking trying, but it doesn’t seem to be going anywhere.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
