Original Response:
Reddit? I’m going to tell this story long and hard, because I’m itching to do it and this is My Throwaway Account and it’s the only way I know how.  Skip to the tl;dr if you like. I need a game plan.

I ran into Bob a couple times early in the year.  I'm in town only for a few months, so I don't know a lot of people in the building. Generally, the ones I do know are 21 year olds who party 5 nights a week.  I’ve been out for drinks a couple times with some of them, but the party scene is not my thing pushing 30.  Mostly I just chill and kill time before heading home for work and life etc… Oh, also, this is a platonic story.  I’m a straight guy and Bob at least claims to have a girlfriend.

Anyway, Bob.  Bob lives in my apartment complex, and I borrowed him my monitor for a couple weeks (I use a laptop for work, so not having a dual display didn’t kill me).  I don’t ask for anything back, but Bob brought me some food returning the monitor and we talk for a bit.  He’s been working on some projects, and thinks he has some potential to make money.  He seems like a smart guy.  A couple weeks later we bump into each other at a supermarket, and I ask him if he wants to grab a beer later. 

I knock on his door at about 10, and things start pretty normally.  His roommate and I exchange pleasantries before he takes off for the night. Now it’s just me and bob.  Bob chats with me while changing clothes, which is a little weird given the culture here, but there was nothing overtly creepy about it, so I let it go.  Then he suddenly starts jumping around from topic to topic, talking about how he hates some people we both know.  I agree a little bit, but deep down it sounds a bit pathological. He also starts talking about finalizing his plans to start showing his work publicly, and how some very important people think that he can make a ton of money.  When I ask him who, he becomes a little agitated and starts talking about how someone who is truly great doesn’t need to do things just to prove them etc… He returns to his initial complaints about our mutual acquaintances, at the end, he casually mentions that they should be afraid of him.  It seemed out of place, but I let it slide. 

We go out and the night gets stranger and stranger.  He is sure he’s going to be a millionaire (I’m  buying the drinks I guess).  He compares himself to a number of geniuses. He’s a recovering pain killer addict.  He tells me I can learn a lot from him, because he is an expert at pretty much everything.  I’m just smiling and nodding at the point where he holds out his arm and has me check his pulse while he slowed down his heartbeat.  He actually could do it, convincingly.  While this is a rare ability to me, it is a sign to him. He honestly believes he controls the energy around him and can manifest reality.  We have just lost cabin pressure (sorry).

He gets a couple more drinks out of me, alternately giving me the impression that he thinks he’s tricking me, or that he will be generous when he comes into his power.  He needs constant affirmations from me verifying that he is right, or that I’m impressed etc...  At this point I’m just coasting and morbidly curious. 

As the blood alcohol rises, he starts trying to perform feats, failing, but making sure I’m impressed. Think Uncle Rico from Napoleon Dynamite.  He challenges people on the street about their jobs, claiming that he will out earn them soon.  He talks to everyone.  He’s actually quite smooth for all the oddness he’s showing me.  Unless someone corrects him, unless someone doesn’t give him the respect a man of his stature deserves.  Then he flies off the handle, tells them they are lucky he’s a good guy.

The night ends with him collecting things from a dumpster outside behind our complex that he claims to be able to fix.  I say goodnight and slip away. That was a few days ago.

He starts knocking, convinces me once to watch him “create” something.  Again, Uncle Rico.  He is constantly giving me random tips on how I should do pretty much everything, making sure I’m impressed.  I’m sure my body language is giving my annoyance away, but he doesn’t seem to notice unless I vocalize a bit of skepticism or resistance, at which point he corrects me, or seems annoyed.

He won’t stop knocking, and he wants me around all the time,  wants to meet my girlfriend when she comes to visit, tells me he’s going to make me rich and I should quit my job.

At this point this guy is a 100% ringer or a Narcissistic Personality Disorder by DSM V, or whatever other criterion you want to pick. Yeah, I know there is some duration related criterion and I’m no professional--just a former psych minor, but this is just a dead ringer for NPD.  I’ve mused about people with various psychological issues, but it’s just conjecture and I know it, I fit facts to theories etc…  This is different: Constant delusions of grandeur, expert at everything, convinced that I am gaining from just being around him, using me as a vehicle for praise, no long term friendships or relationships, terrible boundaries, low empathy, manipulative, unable to take criticism, hates people for not acknowledging his greatness.  Just perusing the Wikipedia page, I can’t find a single theory or inventory that he misses a mark on.

So here’s the problem.  I have 3 months left.  Not breaking this lease (I don’t feel endangered in any legal sense, and up until this point, a morbid curiosity has overtaken me), he likes to make life hell for people he hates; He yells at them in hallways, insults them, etc...  I’m pretty sure he will be a general nuance as much as possible.  I’d prefer to be direct, and promise I am not a socially awkward penguin, but he is going to explode, and I will go from best friend to public enemy #1.  Detecting subtlety is not his strong point, but he is judgmental and dismissive.  I see an avenue.

I would rather make him decide I’m boring, and just be as generally ambivalent to me as he is to 99% of the population.  I want to fall off the radar.  I want to be boring, disappointing, and not worthy of his company.  I want the measure of his vengeance to be denying me his presence.  Crystal?

So how do I do that Reddit?  I’m thinking of shutting down any praise, turning down requests to hangout regardless of persistence, and citing boring activities like calling the GF, not feeling like going out, playing ps3 with my friends from home etc…  If you read the whole damn thing. I hope it didn’t kill you.

tl;dr  I need to make my delusional narcissist attention seeking  neighbor decide that I’m not worth trying to hang out with all the damn time.  This is platonic. We are both of the dude gender.  I’m living here for three more months on business.  I’m not in danger.  But I’m super annoyed.  If I’m direct with him, he’s gonna splode all over and be generally annoying.  So I need him to decide to leave me alone. Game Plan?

tl;dr tl;dr  How do I subtly make a narcissist lose interest?

Summary:
So how do I do that Reddit?
I need a game plan.
He is sure he’s going to be a millionaire (I’m  buying the drinks I guess).
He is constantly giving me random tips on how I should do pretty much everything, making sure I’m impressed.
He tells me I can learn a lot from him, because he is an expert at pretty much everything.
He seems like a smart guy.
I ran into Bob a couple times early in the year.
I hope it didn’t kill you.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
