Original Response:
This is kind of a long story. I (20M) met this girl (23) while at work (I drive commuter buses for a university) in August of 2011. The route went to her apartment so she and her friends would ride occasionally. Things went from just saying hi to small talk during the drive. I quickly developed a crush on her, she is really sweet and outgoing, almost a flirty personality which is partly why I'm confused now. I was invited to a party at her apartment, she wasn’t there and I found out she had a boyfriend, I was really disappointed. But I still maintained the crush on her and always looked forward to seeing her when she rode the bus.  I would joke with my friends I knew it was a bad day when she didn’t ride. Even though we never hung out outside of me working we became friends. 
      I’ll talk about her boyfriend for a minute. I have never met the guy so I have no idea what he is actually like of course I’ve facebooked him and would like to think of him as a douchebag but at the same time I just can’t see her dating a dick, I also noticed his relationship status is “single” (hers isn’t visible). Well the reason I haven’t met him is because he is currently at boot camp for the Marines, I myself am in the Marine Corps Reserves. So when I found this out I immediately labeled her as untouchable. Having been cheated on myself while on duty and knowing how much it plagues the armed services I could never bring myself to try and steal a girl already seeing a service member.  Anyways, they also have only been dating maybe 6 months, and that’s including boot camp which is 3 months long. He gets back the first week of February.
      So now it starts to get complicated. In December, there was an event at the university we both had talked about wanting to go to so I decided to ask if she wanted to go with me. She said she definitely wanted to go but told me straight up that it wasn’t a date, that she had a boyfriend, she’s not the kind of girl to cheat, she doesn’t want to lead me on. And I said I know, I’m asking as a friend, and I honestly was. I also said how Im not the kind of guy that looks to steal other people’s girlfriends and especially not service members and especially especially not fellow Marines (soon to be in his case). So we went and had fun. That opened up to us chatting on facebook we would write what my friends called essays to each other. They were about all kinds of things, stuff that happened to us that day, interests, random ideas. This talking felt like two friends but all the while my crush just kept getting bigger as we found more and more things in common.  
     On my birthday (in mid December) her apartment was throwing an end of semester party and she invited me.  I told her I wasn’t sure I was thinking about just having a chill night with my close friends and she was like okay, but the invitation is still open! She later messaged me saying she really thinks I should come, so I said fuck it I’ll go, I really like this girl even though I can’t do anything about it it’ll still be great to see her. I went, it was fun, she baked me a cake (I am aware that girls bake cakes for their friend’s birthdays all the time so I didn’t take this as any sort of sign). But as a result of the night I had ended up with her phone number. Because of this our messages on facebook moved to texts and it would go all day essay texts in length. To give an idea of what I mean the message takes up a majority of an iPhone screen if not the full length.  One day she asked me to go jogging with her so of course I did. And that turned into a regular thing, we would go jogging almost every day, or occasionally we substituted it with swimming laps. This is when I started to question the just friends part. We would always hang out for hours after working out. One night we actually got food afterwards and went bowling then got smoothies all just her and I. I seemed to notice a lot more of a flirting attitude from her. One weird situation was we would watch movies in her apartment and one day one of her roommates and that girl’s boyfriend came back with two movies. One of them being Friends With Benefits, which my crush had already seen but she insisted on us all watching that one. Another weird thing was I had told her my favorite color was purple which happened to be hers too, but then I added camouflage was a close second (I know it’s technically not a color). She needed a new swimsuit so the next day when we went swimming she had bought a purple camo one and asked if I liked it. Just another thing I found weird that I don’t really do with friends is the whole texting thing, Ive never texted anybody as much as I do her including my very best friends. We’ll also text each other goodnight which is another thing I don’t do with my friends.  She’ll also message me her favorite links from Reddit during the day while Im at work or away from a computer. 
     So that went on for a couple of weeks then in the first week of January she had to get surgery so she wasn’t able to work out for a while (still isn’t). But we continue to hang out; it’s almost gotten more ridiculous. We’ll usually get something to eat and hangout watching movies or tv at her apartment. On this past Sunday we made game snacks together and watched football and then hung out for close to 13hrs. Then this past Tuesday and Thursday we made dinner together and watched movies. Today we have plans to make game snacks and watch football and movies again.
     I feel like I would’ve been able to be fine with it being just friends if it really stayed like that. Before, when she would mention her boyfriend I would be fine with it, I would talk to her about him and everything. But now if she even mentions him I get incredibly jealous and hurt and just try to avoid talking about him, not that she brings him up that often.  Although the other day she mentioned how she was excited for him to come home and that she thinks he and I would get along (idk if she just thinks that because we’re both Marines). The day after that text we cooked dinner together and hung out for hours. WTF What is happening? Does this girl like me as much as I do her, in terms of more than friends? All my friends say yes but I just don’t know, am I just a replacement till her boyfriend gets back? One of her roommates even messaged me saying it’s obvious we like each other but I should prepare myself for her boyfriend coming home so I don’t get hurt. I just want to hear everybody on here’s thoughts on this situation.

Summary:
One day she asked me to go jogging with her so of course I did.
We’ll also text each other goodnight which is another thing I don’t do with my friends.
Does this girl like me as much as I do her, in terms of more than friends?
So we went and had fun.
The route went to her apartment so she and her friends would ride occasionally.
This is when I started to question the just friends part.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
