Original Response:
I dont know where else to turn so help me out Reddit.

We've been together for nearly 10 years and married for almost 3. Its my second marriage and her first. I have 4 kids from my first marriage and she has a child from a previous relationship. 

I left my first wife, that had become a loveless marriage, to be with her and I've never been in love with anyone like this before. Even after 10 years I'm still in love with her. Not just 'I love you' but 'I'm in love with you, head over heels'. She feels the same way as far as I'm aware.

Theres a 13 year age difference between us but that hasnt ever really been an issue to us, just other people. We've had some pretty tough times with mixed family, ex-wife interfering and bad mouthing her to my kids. Her mum, understandably, was never happy about her daughter being with an older man with kids. No matter what I did, including letting her move in with us for 18 months, she never liked me. Add in financial issues, especially when I left my job to take a risk at a new career, and my own kids never truly accepting my new wife. So yeah, it hasn't been smooth sailing from day one but we had each other and we loved each other no matter what happened.

My parent and siblings never accepted her (they're in another state which didnt help) and I ceased contact with them because of this. My friends at the time became her friends but she didnt really have any friends of her own. Then, over time, I lost contact with most of my friends too as I wanted to spend time with her more than them. So we ended up with just each other, my kids, her kid and her mother as our 'circle of friends'. My kids live with their mother but we saw them most weekends and, on and off, the older ones lived with us at times. We only had her mother to babysit so we had little opportunity to go out on our own. On weekends, we'd go out as a family with her kid and my youngest but rarely on our own.

When we got married, money was pretty tight so we couldnt afford a big wedding. I got us lost on the way to the wedding, in a local botanical garden with a celebrant, and I lost the plot and asked her if she wanted to call it off. She was in tears when we arrived at our own wedding. The only other people we knew to invite were two of my old friends who I didnt see much anyway. Mainly because we needed witnesses, otherwise we would have done it on our own. At the time, I thought she didnt care as long as we got married. It turned out that I was very wrong. We didnt get any photos of the day and the 'reception' was lunch at a local steak restaurant. She told her mother that night and all hell broke loose.

She had an online friend (male) that things got a bit too serious with but he was overseas and nothing physical ever came of it. Nothing really more than sexy conversations and some topless pics but it shattered my, already low, self confidence. She was lonely at the time, her mother was living with us and I was being distant and not paying her as much attention as I should have. She wanted a friend and it got out of hand and she regretted it and ended it before I found out (I was snooping and found some messages that hadnt been deleted). I still think that my jealousy led to it happening because she didnt have any 'real life' friends for fear of me being jealous. She just gets on better with guys than she does with girls. 

A few months ago, things came to a head, we both felt as though we were stuck in a rut and I moved out to give us both time to re-ignite our lives and hopefully find some new interests outside of the marriage. We were still faithful to each other and the intention was to find some hobbies and some new friends of our own so that we had something more than each other. We missed each other so much that we just ended up travelling to each other's places more and having a few nights apart a week but mainly still living together at her place. Most weekends were spent together and, by this stage, her mother and I couldnt be in the same room together. My wife kind of had to 'time share' with her mother and me. This erupted recently when a conflict happened at mothers day and she wanted to spend the day with her mother.

We have some shared interests and our sex life is still incredible after 10 years. I dont want to be with anyone else and I'm pretty sure that she isnt interested in anyone else either, more than being friends. I'm jealous of her hanging out with male friends and I'm not very good at hiding it. I've had a lot of trust issues over the years and I've never really felt as though I was good enough for her. I was always worried that she would find a guy her own age and fall in love with him if I didnt devote all my time to her.

We were due to meet today to discuss what we were going to do about our relationship. Instead, she emailed me and explained, among other things that she was having fun meeting new people but couldnt tell me because of my jealousy and because I would react badly. Based on my previous jealousy, it was reasonable to assume this. I'm not sure how to get over my trust issues and let her have friends and outside interests, whether they be with guys, girls or whatever. As sad is it makes her, she's decided to split up and go our own separate ways. 

The end result is both of us balling our eyes out, alone at our own places. I still love her more than anything and I really do understand that there are some key issues that she cant just forgive and forget - such as the wedding day fight, my kids hating her no matter how hard she tried and me being disrespectful to her mother (her mother has been horrible to me over the years too but your mum is your mum so I understand that). I've done some dumb things over the years which have hurt her deeply but never with the intention of doing so. Sometimes I say things without thinking and dont realise the impact my words have on people until it's too late.

I've started trying to reconnect with my family and friends recently in the hope that it could temper my single-mindedness with her if I had some of my old life back. Hoping that if we dont spend all of our time doing things together it could help with the time that we do share. I've realised that I can't make her responsible for being my friend, my collegue, my lover, my wife, my family, my mother and everything else all at the same time. And I've also realised that I need my parents and siblings no matter how much they piss me off. If they dont like my wife, thats their problem but I dont have to chose one or the other. I wish I'd realised this a lot sooner but that's what I've done so theres no going back. I can only try to make the right choices from now on.

How can two people who love each other, so much that it hurts to be apart, lose each other? I want to make things better and I think my wife is on the right track to making new friends and bonding with her family. I just fear that it's gone too far and that we can never get over the things that have happened in the past. The only thing I can think is to give her some real space and let her find some of her own interests and friends without me interfering or having to be involved with every aspect of her life. I want her back but, more than anything I want her to be happy. I dont want to sacrifice my own happiness for that end but I keep hoping that we can both be happy and together for ever.

TL;DR My wife and I love each other but we're breaking up because of my jealousy and dumb mistakes

Summary:
I want her back but, more than anything I want her to be happy.
My wife kind of had to 'time share' with her mother and me.
Even after 10 years I'm still in love with her.
I still think that my jealousy led to it happening because she didnt have any 'real life' friends for fear of me being jealous.
Then, over time, I lost contact with most of my friends too as I wanted to spend time with her more than them.
I left my first wife, that had become a loveless marriage, to be with her and I've never been in love with anyone like this before.
I just fear that it's gone too far and that we can never get over the things that have happened in the past.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
