Original Response:
First off, I'm sorry if this is really long. There's a TL;DR but I would really appreciate if you could read the whole thing.

My girlfriend (20, F) and I (20, M) have been dating for about 1.5 years, since the very beginning of my sophomore year of college. She's a great girl and I really enjoy her company, but I have a nagging worry that comes and goes that I'm not really getting what I want out of my time at college, or this stage of my youth in general. 

This is the first relationship I've ever been in. I was not very sociable at my all-male high school and it took me some time to figure out how to interact with girls once I got to college, so aside from a couple drunken make-outs with one girl back in freshman year, I've never had any sexual or romantic relationships with anyone but my current girlfriend. Most of the time it doesn't really affect me - my girlfriend and I have a good sex life and I generally enjoy spending time with her - but I'm starting to get worried about how long this will last. We have fun with each other, have similar interests, and rarely fight, plus I am really looking forward to the summer, as we're planning on taking some fun day trips together to the beach. However, it seriously worries me that I'm going to just keep up the relationship in our steady way until we're out of college and it's time to move in and view our relationship as a semi-permanent thing. Don't get me wrong, I love her and a life with her would certainly not be the worst thing in the world, but it's not really what I have in mind for myself. I've always thought I would be more of a bachelor-type, at the very least for all of my 20's - I do not want children and I'm not really interested in marriage, either.

When I see old pictures of my friends and the girls I used to have crushes on in freshman year, I get so nostalgic for that freedom and feeling of uninhibited desire. I want to be able to call up that one girl I used to think was really cute and see what happens. Remembering having a crush on someone, flirting - even if I didn't experience much of it for myself, the experience (or maybe just the idea of it) makes me feel excited, young, and attractive. I certainly don't feel excited or young in my current relationship; I feel like one half of a boring married couple. My girlfriend and I rarely go out drinking with our friends and roommates, both because she's often tired from working and because she doesn't like to drink much because of an eating disorder (more on that below). When I first got to college, I used to go out to the student bars two or three nights a week and have a blast socializing with a wide range of people. Aside from my girlfriend, though, I don't have very many friends at school (certainly none that I'm very close with) besides my roommates, and the social scene that I miss from freshman year doesn't really exist any more - when I do go out with my roommates, it's usually just to a small party with the same group of people every time. I often want to go out and feel badly that I don't, but I end up just staying in and watching Netflix with my girlfriend because she doesn't want to go out, I don't want to go out without her, and the only friends I have to go out with usually go to clique-y parties that don't interest me.

In addition to all this, my girlfriend has a very serious case of bulimia nervosa that she's been battling for most of her life. It's a constant struggle, and she entered a treatment program in December to begin recovery, but it's been far from easy. Her mood can turn on a dime and she's often sullen, tired, and non-communicative. She has been making very good progress in treatment, though she's admitted that her only motivation for recovery is to not be a burden on me; she doesn't want the recovery for her own sake. We've talked about how that shouldn't be the case and she shouldn't be dependent on me as her sole source of motivation and happiness, and she says that she understands and is trying to change her mindset, though it's not easy. The recovery process is also hugely stressful for me, as I have to constantly make sure that she's following her meal plan and not relapsing to old habits without being overbearing. I know that I'm doing an excellent job with my support and that it's really helping her, but it seems like it's also just reinforcing her dependence on and love for me. For example, right now I'm home for spring break and she's still at school for the week. Her day treatment program just ended and she's been moved to a less intensive program because of insurance reasons, and she's extremely nervous about whether she'll be able to fight her eating disorder while I'm away. Not only do I worry about her health at times like this, but it makes me realize just how much importance I have to her, which makes me uneasy.

I love her and I have told her that, but she really loves me. She always wants to snuggle and be held and it's extremely clear that she's madly in love with me. The other night she started weeping after sex because of how happy she was, she said. This really worries me. It makes me nervous to be this girls' one and only perfect boyfriend. I worry that I'm missing out on dating around, meeting new people, and generally having a more exciting social and romantic life. That said, I do really enjoy my time with my girlfriend, and I'm not inherently very social or flirtatious. It's great to hang out and browse reddit all day with her and talk about mutual interests, and it's so comfortable knowing that we'll hang out every day after class. She's a wonderful girl and I really have nothing negative to say about her, other than her eating disorder requires a ton of attention and makes her unintentionally needy. I don't have any close friends aside from her, and while I do remember old crushes every now and then with an intense nostalgia and desire, I also don't want to go back to spending all my time by myself in a dorm room. If I stay with her throughout the next year, though, will I be missing out on my last chance at a real college social experience, to say nothing of the pressures of whether or not to move in together after graduating?

TL;DR - Girlfriend has an eating disorder and is extremely emotionally dependent on me. I love her but worry that I'm missing out on a more exciting social and romantic life for my tail end of college.

Summary:
I love her and I have told her that, but she really loves me.
I love her but worry that I'm missing out on a more exciting social and romantic life for my tail end of college.
That said, I do really enjoy my time with my girlfriend, and I'm not inherently very social or flirtatious.
First off, I'm sorry if this is really long.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
