Original Response:
I'm starting to get these feelings that my SO doesn't care if I exist or not.

It all started last semester when my LDR bf (m/21) started grad school in bio. He just stopped making time for me (f/21), and when I spoke to him he always acted grumpy, like I was a nuisance and he didn't want to talk to me (he played videogames instead). I mean, yeah, it was his way of relieving the immense amount of stress from being a grad student. But whenever I got mad at me him for not being a real boyfriend, he got mad at me for being too demanding and for adding to his already stressful life by making these demands that we speak every so often, and that when we speak he actually gives me his undivided attention (i.e. doesn't play videogames at the same time).

We decided to have skype dates every saturday. First he was good about them, and then gradually, he started skipping them without even notifying me in advance! Sometimes it was even to go grab a beer with his friends even though he also had a beer on friday night. Sometimes he had good excuses, like having to collect samples in a salt marsh for his studies - okay, great, but he could have shown even some respect for me by notifying me beforehand that he was going to do this! I'm glad I mean so much to you - NOT! I hated being the lowest priority, and I gave him a lot of crap for this, but he apologized profusely every time (but still ditched our skype dates without notifying me in advance). We almost broke up because I got so mad at him and became a total bitch about it because I wasn't used to us not talking every day, or even every few days, and I felt like he just didn't give a crap about me anymore since he wasn't pulling his weight at all.

When I lived with him over the winter break, things went back to the way they were before. We grew stronger as a couple, and realized that we were in fact good for each other. We had an awesome time and there was no evidence that he loved me any less. We decided to ditch the Saturday skype dates in favour of pre-planning them when it's convenient (usually for him since his schedule is more insane).

Now we're back in our respective lives, me completing undergrad, him still in grad school. He is again ignoring me and pretending I don't exist, putting what seems like everything else on the planet before me (except his parents, which is actually kind of sad since he never bothers with them even though they were close growing up). I feel discarded into the "taken for granted" pile, maybe exacerbated by the fact that I live with his family now since I go to school in their hometown (it's very common in asian cultures for women to live with their in-laws). I felt like he never initiated contact and never planned any skype dates on the weekend - it was always me asking him or catching him randomly when he happened to be on skype.

I decided I was going to just ignore him for a week - As in, not initiate any contact. I told him that, that I was giving him the space he evidently needed during the week, but that it would mean a lot to me if you actually made an effort from time to time to let me know you are still thinking of me, however small, as it would mean a lot. I was certain that in that case he wouldn't even bother, but surprisingly, it made him want me more. (Although to me it seemed more pre-emptive, to prevent me from going all postal on him). Although we never had any "real" conversations, he did, from time to time, send me sweet skype-texts telling me he loves me or talking dirty to me like he used to way back when. This is heartening.... until the weekend rolled around and I decided to see if he gave a crap by waiting for HIM to arrange a skype date. He never did, and now I'm furious because I KNOW he has weekends off his lab, cousework, and TA duties and does minimal work on the weekends, especially on Saturdays. He's nowhere near the thesis stage yet, fyi, so that can't be a reason. I feel like screaming - if he actually cared about me or loved me at all he'd make a little more of an effort! And if he couldn't, I don't see why he couldn't have emailed me why!

Advice? Talking to him doesn't work because he just gets mad at me for reprimanding him (probably to save face)... I'm tired of being a chore. I'm young and pretty sought-after and part of me wishes I could cheat on him to make a statement even though I never actually would since it's against my morals, it's a horrible thing to do, and nothing justifies it ever. I want a guy who actually is excited about the idea of being with me.... which seems to be every OTHER guy but him!

Note that all else aside, he's a really nice guy, caring (when we're in person together), can cook, brilliant, good with kids, fun, family-oriented when it comes down to it - the whole package - and despite everything my gut tells me he's not cheating. When we're together, we OOZE chemistry. I just don't know if he's really that interested anymore, and I'm far too young to be wasting precious time.

**tl;dr: Ever since starting grad school, my SO doesn't seem to ever want skype videochats, which we used to have all the time. I'm afraid this means he's not into me. He used to always consider me in his decisions and cared about how I felt, and thus kept me included/informed about his life and now he doesn't unless I ask him (in the rare event I actually catch him on skype). I tried talking to him and he gets mad at me for adding more to his already full plate of stress with my "demands". I resent that he sees simple relationship maintenance as a chore. What shall I do?**

Summary:
We decided to have skype dates every saturday.
I'm starting to get these feelings that my SO doesn't care if I exist or not.
I'm afraid this means he's not into me.
doesn't play videogames at the same time).

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
