Original Response:
**Tl;dr of previous [post](http://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/1f5vk1/found_out_that_my_26f_boyfriend_29m_was_about_to/)**: found out boyfriend was going to propose but changed his mind at the very last minute. Said it "didn't feel right", don't know what to do.

Hello everyone. I apologize for not updating sooner, but A LOT has happened. I'd like to say thank you to everyone who posted comments and to those who tried to reassure me.

So John came home last night around 11:30 as I was watching t.v. in our bedroom. He came in and looked like absolute shit, his eyes looked tired and baggy and he smelled like beer. 

He apologized to me for the way he had been acting recently, and told me he knew that I knew about the 'almost proposal' as he had talked to his friend 'Mike' and he told John than his girlfriend 'Tara' had told me everything. He basically said to me that he had the whole thing planned out. He was going to propose and Tara and Mike would take pictures, then we would go back to a romantic, more expensive room in our hotel (which Mike and Tara had to end up staying in that night so as to make sure I wasn't aware of the fact that John was supposed to propose; they switched key cards while I was walking back).

He then told me what I was afraid of: "it just didn't feel right, I was looking at you...and it just wasn't what I wanted." Ouch. He told me that he had been nervous ever since he bought the ring, but that he'd thought it would go away once he actually proposed. In the moment, he said he knew that it was not what he wanted, and thought it would be better to not ask me to marry him because he knew it wasn't what he'd want in the long run. 

So at this point I'm in hysterics, as I pretty much know that this is the end of the relationship. I tried to be calm and rational about it, but there was one point where I was crying so hard that I literally got down on my knees, put my head in his lap while he sat on the couch, and just kept incoherently saying "please" in between sobs. Not my proudest moment. But, at that moment, this man was my best friend, the future father of my children. I just never, ever in a million years, pictured our relationship coming to this point. He ended it with me last night because it didn't feel right, and that's all he could say to me, over and over "It just doesn't feel right anymore. I can't see myself with you."

At that point I could barely breath, feels like I'm having a panic attack, so I call my mom and she comes to pick me up from our place. My poor mom, she just looked so helpless while I sat there in the car crying so hard I eventually got a nose bleed.

So, I wish I could say this is the end of the story, but more has happened since last night. This morning, I'm on Facebook, looking through a bunch of old picture of John and me, sobbing uncontrollably and sending him text after text with reasons why we should be together, and I eventually stumble onto Mike's page through a tagged photo. He updated his status from a few hours ago to something along the lines of "California was amazing, wish work would send me for more than five days." My stomach started doing flips...because John kept telling me he was spending the days he was practically ignoring me with Mike. But Mike was in California for several days...and we're in Canada, so not very close.

I freaked. I called Mike from my house phone and when he answered, I said "Hey, it's acetacylicacid" and all he could say after a few seconds of silence was "Fuck."

Basically, Mike's been covering for John's ass while John is spending time with the girl he's been apparently fucking for the past six months. I know this girl, John works with her and she's always been really sweet to me whenever I've seen her at John's work-related events. Mike told me that John had told him he was falling in love with her...he said this after the incident in Vegas. He's been spending almost all of the past two weeks with her. Mike then told me he had promised not to say a word to anyone, not even Tara, but he felt guilty and was glad I called him. He apologized and said if I had to tell John that he told me, I could. 

That's all I know for now. I haven't bothered contacting John yet, and i don't know if Mike told him that I know. I don't know what I'm going to do. I've been throwing up all day. I took one of my mom's Ativans and am feeling a bit calmer right now, but whenever I think about it, which is practically all that consumes my thoughts, I feel disgusted, humiliated and devastated. It actually feels like my heart is breaking in two and I have no control. 

I need to get my stuff from our place, I need to FIND a new place. We have a dog...who gets the dog? I love my dog. It all feels so surreal. Ugh.

tl;dr: boyfriend told me he didn't see a future with me, so he decided not to propose. We broke up. I found out later through his friend that he's been cheating on me for months with one of his coworkers. 

**Edit Update: John called me a bunch of times while I was in an rx-induced/depression coma. I woke up as he was calling me again and kind of just answered the phone without thinking about it. He was crying and apologizing (I guess Mike told him that I knew), and saying he was confused. He asked me where I was and I lied and said I was with my sister an hour away from here at her place. I asked him if he was with "her", he said yes, but that he'd be home tomorrow, so could I please meet him to talk about things at our house? I said sure. I asked my mom to drive me to our place a little while ago and I kidnapped my dog, brought her back and I'm feeling much, much better. I'm also NOT meeting with him tomorrow.**

You guys, I didn't think it would help this much to ask you guys for advice. But I've read each and every one of your comments and dear God, I feel 1000x better than I did a few hours ago. Thank you, thank you. Like, I feel so SO different...it's weird.

Summary:
That's all I know for now.
I don't know what I'm going to do.
Said it "didn't feel right", don't know what to do.
He apologized and said if I had to tell John that he told me, I could.
Like, I feel so SO different...it's weird.
So at this point I'm in hysterics, as I pretty much know that this is the end of the relationship.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
