Original Response:
[M]21 (that's me), [F]20

So our 2-year anniversary came and passed a few days ago, and its passing has caused me to do a lot of thinking. I think that the reason I'm still in this relationship is because it's familiar and not that bad. We have sex a couple of times a week and we can coexist in the same room. But that's one of the points that makes me not feel in love with her. She just feels like a roommate I have sex with now more than an actual girlfriend, and that's not what I want. But that may be due to the longevity of the relationship? I dunno. Moving on.

She has low self-esteem because of her mom (in my eyes), who belittles her and makes her feel like a piece of shit. I've tried to be understanding and helpful and make her feel like the million dollars that she is and this works for a while, but every couple of weeks it seems like she falls off the cliff and hits rock bottom again. Like rock bottom, telling me all of her bodily flaws, saying how she hates herself, how she would change everything about herself if she could, etc etc. Having dealt with this for probably a year and a half now, it's starting to get through my almost unlimited amount of patience knowing that in a few weeks I'll have to work from the ground up again. I don't want to have to continue this vicious cycle over and over.

She has almost zero motivation to do anything. She would be perfectly content sitting around on the couch all day every day watching dumb dramatic shows on TV. I am an athletic person who loves to be outdoors or doing something, anything, and can only sit through so many days of being on the couch with her.

I feel manipulated a lot of the time. There are a lot of times that I've been guilted into doing something that I really don't want to do because otherwise she'll be sad and maybe even cry (which she does frequently at random times) and then take any self-esteem that she had and throw it off a cliff. It could even be something as minute as being in the same room as her.

"I'm going to sleep, want to join me?"
"I'm not tired so I'm going to stay out here [in the living room] for a bit. But I'll be in to cuddle with you soon."
"Oh... okay..." and saunters off acting sad.

"I'm gonna go on a [motorcycle] ride."
"Oh you are? Well, okay... why?"
"Because I want to."
"But then you'll be leaving me. I don't want you to leave." 

And then I'll feel bad for doing something. I used to try and tell her I was sick of sitting around doing nothing and needed to get out, and she was more than welcome to come with me, but she takes this as a personal attack on her and starts crying and lashes out.

Etc. etc.

I get cagey if I don't do anything and sometimes her cluelessness gets to me, which results in me snapping at her a little bit. This wouldn't be so bad except she literally can't take a single word of criticism (and neither can her mom... seeing a pattern here?) and will play the victim, crying and asking why I'm yelling her or what she did wrong.

One of my biggest gripes is how she uses "I love you" as an emotional feeler. If I'm sitting there focused on something other than her, she'll say it and if I don't turn and face her and say it back while enunciating every fucking word, she automatically assumes something is up and asks what's wrong. For fucks sake. This aggravates me just typing it out.

When I try to talk to her about anything deep or intellectual, she changes the topic to some stupid fucking TV show (I rarely watch TV). I've tried talking about things that we both like (cars, music, dogs, whatever) and I'm met with the same thing. Debates are out of the question, and only end with her either yelling at me 5 minutes later telling me how retarded I am, or her crying and verbally lashing out at me because I'm "yelling" at her when I'm just calmly stating my opinion and poking holes in her argument. Her mom is the same way. Imagine that.

Having just gotten back from dinner this evening with her mom, I am 99% sure that my girlfriend will turn out just like her (although she says she hates the way her mom has parented her) by having 20 years of her parenting and this scares me. If, by some infinitesimally small chance, we do stay together and have kids, I would absolutely never want her mom anywhere near them because of how fucked up she's raised her daughter.

You might ask - what is it about her that you do like? Well, I thought I knew, but now that I'm thinking about it, I have no clue. I mean, she's sometimes nice and not conceited, but that's starting to become a rarity. She lets me do things that I like to do- wait, there's another problem in itself.

I have tried talking to her and addressing almost all of these issues in the nicest way possible (not attacking her using "you are this", but rather "this makes me feel like..." "when this happens I..." etc.) but I'm only met with defensiveness, hostility, anger, and crying. I'm sick of it.

I'm sitting here tonight thinking that I should pack my stuff up and leave tomorrow and be a happier man for the rest of my days. She has told me over and over that she wants to spend the rest of her life with me.

Help.

TL;DR: Many aggravations (one major one being her mom and her messed up ways) add up to me not wanting to be in this relationship any more. Looking for advice on whether or not I'm crazy to consider getting out now.

Summary:
I don't want you to leave."
I feel manipulated a lot of the time.
But that's one of the points that makes me not feel in love with her.
And then I'll feel bad for doing something.
"I'm going to sleep, want to join me?"
I am an athletic person who loves to be outdoors or doing something, anything, and can only sit through so many days of being on the couch with her.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
