Original Response:
Sorry in advance for this being so long. I'm not sure how much/which info would be helpful so I included a lot of stuff... 

My partner (32M) and I (29F) have been together for about 3 years. We officially moved in together a few months ago but had been essentially living together for almost a year. We have a cozy little home and two adorable cats. 

We have had our ups and downs. After some abusive relationships I was afraid to express my opinion sometimes, and he called me out on it and encouraged me to start telling him how I feel. I even went to a therapist to learn more about myself and get more confident about the fact that my feelings and opinions matter and should be shared. This has been a big period of growth for me and I love how he challenged me to improve myself, but now that I'm communicating better, I see that he isn't. At all. 

We have a very loving relationship usually. We cuddle every night. We eat dinner together. We play video games together. We play on a sports team together in the summer and have a big circle of friends. We do spend time socializing separately, though he's done more of that than I have lately as I have felt a little homebody-ish. 

In the last little while he's been really stressed about money and his career. He had to take a job that he loves, but doesn't really pay the bills enough to allow him the budget space for socializing much. As this inches up more and more, he pulls back more and more. He's less affectionate in almost every way. He's uninterested in sex. He's uncommunicative. He will stay up late with what he says is insomnia. He drinks more than he did. 

I figured it was the money stress. I love him and while I don't make a shit ton of money, I make more than him, so I try to put gas in the car and buy groceries and pay for things as much as possible, and I'm mindful of not emasculating him (eg I will offer to pick up groceries on my way home so that it makes sense for me to pay for them, rather than paying when we're together just in case he feels inadequate). That hasn't helped. 

I tried bringing it up, mentioning the spiraling frequency of sex, the lack of intimate touching and flirting, the fact that our date nights often end up being him on the other couch browsing reddit on his phone and mostly ignoring my attempts to talk. His response has been to go completely silent, sometimes even refusing to answer my direct questions or requests that he put his phone away. 

I've tried to bring up the sex/intimacy thing in a way that isn't accusatory and makes it a "we should work on showing each other we love each other physically more" because I don't want to put pressure on him, making sex a chore or a burden. That said, the lack of affection and connection and intimacy lately is making me feel inadequate and lonely and unwanted. As recently as last summer we were having sex 5-7 days a week and constantly exchanging sexy texts and occasionally locking ourselves in our room for a marathon of touching and snuggling. Now I have to push for once a week, and no touching at all on my period. 

He isn't normally like this. I still genuinely feel like this is worth saving because when he isn't crushed by financial stress, he's an attentive, charming, thoughtful partner and lover. His last major relationship was a train wreck where he baby sat her through depression and was afraid sometimes that if he said the wrong thing or left her alone, she'd hurt herself. I don't think that taught him very good habits. 

What I am interested in are ways I can help him learn to communicate in the face of confrontation. Ways to argue. Ways to discuss uncomfortable topics. I'm not great at it myself, as I mentioned before, so it's sort of the blind leading the blind. 

Last night he said he was stressed about money after leaving bed to lie on the couch, and then clammed up. He did put his phone down when I asked. I asked if he still cared about how I felt, and he said yes. I asked if he realised that we couldn't ignore problems forever because they would just get worse, and he said he was going to ignore them right now because he wanted to try to sleep (it was already quite late). 

At that point I was so frustrated that I said I was going back to bed and likely wouldnt get any sleep, but I hoped he did, and that we were going to talk about it tomorrow after work whether he liked it or not because I can't keep living like this. 

I did kiss him on the cheek to say goodbye when I left this morning, though I was tempted to storm out to show how frustrated I still was. He pulled me close to him and gave me a hug that was definitely a quiet apology. I feel confident that he'll be more communicative tonight now that it's gotten so bad. I now have a few hours to figure out the best way to approach this. 

tl;dr - So long story short, after weeks and weeks of our relationship deteriorating, I don't want to let my guy continue to bury his head in the sand and ignore the intimacy and communication issues that have grown from his financial stress. We both have our baggage, but I want to fix this. What's the best way to get a stubborn, uncommunicative ostrich man to take some ownership in working on this with me, and realize the way he is handling his financial stress is eating our relationship alive?

Summary:
He did put his phone down when I asked.
I figured it was the money stress.
We have a very loving relationship usually.
We both have our baggage, but I want to fix this.
He isn't normally like this.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
