Original Response:
EDIT: Fuck, that's long. Sorry for that. I guess the last three paragraphs are the important ones if you want the executive version. Thanks all!

A bit of background: me and GF are both foreigners (from different countries) studying abroad. As you might imagine, this has its own issues and we tend to hang around mostly with others in the same position, so that's how we met almost 3 years ago, living in the same dorm. Some flirting happened, but nothing really came of it, we just kept in touch. Then last winter (2011/2012) we kinda started dating, but broke up about a month later (mostly because of me, but I think we were both just a bit confused on what we wanted). So, fast forward to about October 2012, I invite her for coffee to catch up, somehow we end up in my room, making out, and we even progressed sexually (as nothing really happened the first time). So we kinda start dating, this and that, it's all quite fun really... although we live in the same dorm, we only see each other maybe 2-3 times a week, mostly sitting around the dorm, occasionally going out for walks and stuff. Looking back, I feel that there was a lot of sexual tension back then... I mean, we both found each other very sexy, even if the resulting sex was "awkward college missionary sex" (as I read somewhere on reddit). 


So, thing is, start of January she's going on ERASMUS (study abroad) for the semester. We knew this before starting, so it's not really a shock, but it's still strange; I also noted that we've dated for only 2 months and she was leaving for 4. So yeah, at the start we Skype everyday, talk often, but about a month or two in, we kinda taper of in communication, reaching a level of a call every week (but always for at least an hour or two) and maybe occasional texts. I'm slightly upset at this, but after a time I get used to it and it's alright. Towards the end of it, sometimes I even didn't feel like talking to her. =\ The other major thing that happened, is I had planned to visit her for a week or so sometime in the middle of this period, and she thought it a good idea. Still, about a month or so in, she kinda avoided talking about it and it ended up with "I couldn't imagine you being here"... so yeah, I didn't come. This was very upsetting to me - I knew I'd want her to visit if the situation was reversed. At this point I felt communicating that was important, so I tried to have a serious talk about it but nothing really concrete came out of it (as I don't seem to remember it now). I know that I finished with "So, are we still together then?" to which the answer was "Yes, of course, why not?". So yeah, that cooled me off a bit too, but as I said, we kept in touch and talked once a week at least.


So, last Sunday, she came back. As agreed, I picked her up at the airport, and I really felt that was the "make it or break it moment" - how the meeting would go. And it went well, first thing we did was kiss each other for some minutes, talk, ride back... But she was quite tired, so we just went to sleep (separately) soon after. The next day we met up, dinner, sex again (and boy, was I looking forward to it), but nothing special. We keep making plans, when we are going to see each other and stuff, and, somewhat strangely she's the one arranging it and offering to meet and stuff, while it was usually me before hand. Yet, when we do meet up... it seems like the sexual tension is gone. We start up kissing and stuff, and then instead of progressing further we just sorta end up cuddling/hugging in bed, talking about our day, short term plans and stuff. Another difference is that she keeps mentioning me in future events (like, some months from now), which is again not something that happened before.. generally, I was the clingier one who wanted to always meet up. 


So now I'm slightly confused. On one hand, she wants to meet and everything. On the other, I'm honestly not feeling much sexual chemistry anymore. It's strange... I imagine this is what couples who've been dating for years do most of the time, not two college kids who didn't see each other for months. It's just very very different from what I expected, and it's obviously hard for me to really get into it if she's not interested at all. Last night we watched a movie and then just sort of.. awkwardly remained lying in bed, I actually felt a bit uncomfortable which is definitely bad. (its also when I decided to write here)


So, my question is: what should I do now? Should I give it some more time maybe -- she's here less than a week? Should I be trying to do something special? Or should I confront her about it and try to speak it out. My instinct is to talk about it, which probably means its not a good idea. I thought I'd go back to how we were initially dating and just "start" again, but... I actually don't know how I did it the first time! We just hit it off naturally, hanging around, having fun... I didn't really do any faux romantic, it was all very natural and mutual, and its just gone now. I recognize that this is due to both of, but I still kinda feel I'm trying more than she is (or her constantly wanting to do things together is her way of trying). And of course, the more doubtful part of me says she is trying to salvage it out of some sense of obligation to me, but she doesn't actually want it anymore. Maybe she changed abroad (though hey, I didn't expect that to happen, as we basically live like that for years now). Maybe she met someone there and realized I'm not what she wants (any more?). I don't know. (I DO know that she very definitely did not cheat on me). If this is the case, I'd rather stop it off than continue beating a dead horse. I actually care a great deal about her and I value what we had a lot, so if she is not happy with me I'd rather she be happy with someone else. In the end, maybe we both drifted apart, not just her (though I don't feel like I've changed all that much in the last few months). So yeah....


tl;dr dated for 2 months, she went abroad for 4, came back and things are not the same; no more sexual chemistry and mutual attraction. Not sure what to do - give it time or talk to her about it?

Summary:
I thought I'd go back to how we were initially dating and just "start" again, but...
Towards the end of it, sometimes I even didn't feel like talking to her.
Should I give it some more time maybe -- she's here less than a week?
So, last Sunday, she came back.
I actually don't know how I did it the first time!
Should I be trying to do something special?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
