Original Response:
Okay! So I'll explain myself a little bit first. I am bipolar and I have also been diagnosed with BPD. Before you get out your pitchforks, I take care of myself. I go to therapy weekly, take my meds as directed, read self-help and inspiring books, meditate, eat well, etc. I am doing the best I can with this illness. Sometimes I can be a handful but at this point in my life I am doing very well and have been stable. 


My husband (let's call him Liam) has had problems with depression/anxiety, I suspect more things as well, so he can empathize with my struggle.


Lately, my problem has been the way Liam talks to me. He constantly point out the negative sides of what I do or criticizes me. I used to be very sensitive to criticism but now I just roll with it and try to do better. There's an underlying feeling that since I am bipolar, he always tries to pin our arguments or problems on me. That brings me to today...


Our two kids [Anna 3F and Callum 4 month M] are sick. I was taking care of our youngest when Liam reminded me to feed our puppy. Okay, no problem! Let me just finish up a couple things I was doing. The kids are all taken care of, I sat down to send a text to my MIL and was in the process of reading a site about a daycare we are considering for our daughter. Liam was sitting next to me, basically just repeating, "Feed the dog." over and over. I tried to say something, but he raised his voice to talk over me. He got angry at me and began to go on about how I am starving our puppy, I never do anything when I am asked to, I procrastinate horribly... I don't even remember all that he was saying. Liam was sitting there doing nothing so I'm unsure why he didn't go do it himself. As I was heading into the kitchen to fed the puppy, Liam went past me, angrily telling me how HE will do it instead. This entire time I have been calm and non-confrontational. So I sat back down and continued my daycare search. Liam comes back out and begins to criticize every little thing I do/don't do. I said it was silly to be telling me I procrastinate, considering how it takes him nearly a week to get anything I ask of him done. Such as, I asked him to move a heavy box of computer parts 3 feet into a closet. It sat out for nearly two weeks until I asked him more aggressively to do it. That was a fight all in its own, about how I have all these high expectations of him and it's ridiculous. Anyway. After mentioning that, Liam said I was bringing up the past and how dare I do that. I told Liam that I refused to fight with him before he goes to work. But the ranting continued. I finally started to get upset and irritated since I felt like I was being backed into a corner. I told him, "I agree, I should have fed the puppy sooner and I apologize for that. I'm sorry." That wasn't good enough. He continued to pick apart my words,  brought up how when I am depressed I never get anything done. I said I was doing my best and yeah, when I get depressed, it isn't always easy to get things done at home, but I push myself to do my best. Maybe my best isn't good enough for him. This whole argument felt like it was going in a circle. So I finally broke it by calling him a narcissist (low blow, I'm not proud of that) and asking how he can stand there literally lecturing me for something so petty
that I already agreed was wrong and apologized for. He tried to blame my bad mood on something, whether it be Adderall (I am prescribed this), caffeine, nicotine. I said, "You blame all of these things but never once consider it's the way you talk to me?" Liam reluctantly gave up, sat down in silence and refused to even look at me. He left for work while I was outside with Anna and the puppy, walked right past us and ignored Anna when she asked for a hug. Usually Liam calls me from work to check in but I haven't heard from him at all tonight. 


A mutual friend of ours who has known Liam for years has been helping me through this. She has a bipolar husband so she knows what things can be like. After an argument Liam and I had, she came over to talk to me. She said the most beautiful words ever to me. "Honey, it's not always your fault." That hit me hard. She told me before that if Liam wants something done immediately, he should do it himself. Especially if he currently isn't doing something and I am busy with the kids. I realized that any time I try to defend myself against Liam, it never goes well. It feels like he considers me to always be in the wrong because of my mental illness. There was a time where I asked him why every argument we have is always him in the right and me in the wrong but he insists it isn't like that. But that's honestly how it feels since he will stand there and tell me everything I have done wrong.


I want to talk to Liam about this but I don't want to seem accusing. Unless maybe I am the problem? I just feel lost at this point. It feels like any time something goes wrong, my husband tries to pin the blame on me. He won't back off until I'm either crying or depressed and apologizing. Then if I'm not in a better mood right after he "forgives" me, I am still the asshole.


   
tl;dr My husband always tries to pin the blame on me for everything. I am worried he is using my mental illness as an excuse to make me responsible for all of our problems.

Summary:
I am doing the best I can with this illness.
After an argument Liam and I had, she came over to talk to me.
It feels like any time something goes wrong, my husband tries to pin the blame on me.
I just feel lost at this point.
I said, "You blame all of these things but never once consider it's the way you talk to me?"
It feels like he considers me to always be in the wrong because of my mental illness.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
