Original Response:
Edit: this post is needlessly long and detailed. I suggest if you want a concise account of my grievances and a clearer way to offer advice to view my other submission. Thank you and I'm sorry /relationships for my poor post. 

I apologize for the throwaway - my girlfriend knows my main. 

Disclaimer: I do not think anyone is in the right or the wrong. I need help in addressing this, and I know it's a massive post for what seems like a small problem. If anybody could stick through this to help me, it would be greatly appreciated. 

As I suggest in the title, my girlfriend and I have had 'disagreements' about minor things. I wouldn't call them disagreements, but perhaps a lack of sensitivity on both our parts. She has taken these shortcomings on my part and used them as an excuse to hide things from me. Namely, her relationship with a past lover, her breaking of commitments we made to get body modifications together, and a crisis of faith in me. She told me she doubted our relationship and our future. I will do my best to pose these problems we have for you in as unbiased a way I can, because I am desperately in need of honest second opinions. 

These last four or so days we have hardly talked. We are massively codependent in regards to our emotions, and it is easy for things like this to pull me down. I made a clear and definite effort to talk to her, but I was mostly getting short responses and emotional distance. This in itself is typically reason for me to be upset; intentionally ignoring a partner for any length of time is emotionally abusive in my book. However, she justified this by using depression as an excuse. She said she was too sad to put considerable effort into talking to me, and I decided to give her some space while she works through whatever it is that's causing this. 

Yesterday she broke the silence. She decided to text me about these problems, (fuck juvenility, we are typically more mature than this) and it absolutely tore me apart. After an hour of beating around bushes, she eventually sent me a massive paragraph telling me all the reasons she has distanced herself. With no sugar coating, she told me that she had been talking to an ex-sexual lover that had become a sincere friend of hers, that she no longer wanted to wait to get our first tattoos and piercings together, (She could get them now, she was holding off because we agreed it would be nice to go together when it was an option for me) and she told me that I was unsupportive of her future education. I will explain these. 

Starting with the first and obvious red flag is her ex who is now supposedly her wholesome friend. She always told me when they would talk, and I have reason to believe it's never been anything but innocent since we started dating. She has been friends with this guy for a couple years, and at one point they had a sexual relationship. I have always been apprehensive about their friendship, but I was careful to not express it in such a way that could possibly be perceived as controlling. I will not flaunt around accusations of cheating and I will not force her to cut communication with her friends.

 We had a very brief conversation over a month ago, where she offered to introduce me to him. I very neutrally said that I am not in denial of her past, but that  I have no interest in associating with somebody who she has this past with. That was that, and I simply trusted her to know where I stand on infidelity. To my knowledge, she has not broken this hard line of mine. I have never required her to tell me when they talk, (she says it's about work and life, their relationships etc.) but I appreciate when she did. She came out to me and, in /her/ words, had been hiding from me that they have been talking. She said it was because I expressed a distaste for him and she didn't want me to overreact to the situation, so she hid it. I told her that while I never expected her to tell me every time they talked, hiding any relationship is cause for me to assume it's inappropriate and that I will not participate in a relationship that is based on hiding things to avoid conflict. The problem is that there had never been a conflict about these things, she /assumed/ that I would be upset and chose to hide these things, bottling up these preconceived disagreements until she couldn't hold them in any longer. 

The other two problems were body modifications and schooling. She has completely fubared high school, and has no chance in graduating. I am the sterling scholar type, I have exceptional grades and I push myself. I have never looked down on her for this in any way. I firmly believe in respecting others' choices in education and I absolutely consider her my intellectual equal. She /assumed/ that I disapproved of her schooling and, as a result, held a significant resentment towards me and my supposed outlook on education. Without getting into detail, she has made some definitively poor decisions, and is in favor of fixing them later in college (expensively), than getting the credits she still can. 

These two problem points for us have been brought up very nonchalantly, and I had no reason to think they were breeding resentment in our relationship. I take the blame for this one, I can see a lack of sensitivity on my part. Her way of coping is where I lose a lot of my sympathy.

The last problem is body mods. We both have a desire to get our septums (septi?:) pierced and get a few personal tattoos. She could get them done now, but she expressed a desire to wait for me and have that experience together. I was very careful to not force her into this, as I believe body modifications are a personal thing and if she wanted them done now I would have not opposed it. We simply thought it would be special to do them together, and we promised to go on my 18th and get the piercings done together. In this bombshell message, she revealed she wants to get them done as soon as possible, and that we would no longer be getting tattoos related to our relationship (her original desires, she was the one who suggested both of these things in the first place). I felt this was massively disrespectful to me, as she didn't consult me in this. She made the decision and insensitively told me her willingness to break this promise. 

My disappointment in her stems from her brooding on these problems I didn't know existed, and her absolutely horrifying way of breaking them to me. It seems to me that she had a blatant disregard for my emotional health this entire encounter by limiting contact with me and letting these preconceived disagreements (the straw-man fallacy TIL) get to her, and doubting our relationship because of them. 

Am I wrong to want her to cut contact with this man? I will never tell her what to do, but am I wrong in wanting her to lose a friend? I am uncomfortable with their relationship now that she has made an effort to hide it. I worry so much about being controlling, but I can't help but feel she is putting their relationship before my peace-of-mind. I want to clarify again that this wasn't a problem until she consciously hid the relationship from me for, what I consider, an illegitimate reason. I have never been negative towards him, I simply didn't care to know him. Am I wrong in feeling this relationship is inappropriate, regardless of my belief that she could never cheat on me? 

She truly is a loving person, and she has been entirely apologetic since this happened. She recognizes the role she played in escalating this situation and has promised to do better. She isnt standing by the way she acted. How do I address this and how do I not let this change our relationship? And by God, how do I help her find a better way of expressing concerns?

TL;Dr Girlfriend of 5 months and I had a very seriously damaging disagreement, and she has preconceptions of how I feel about topics of dispute. Instead of approach me, she has let her perception of me harm us, and I don't know how to deal with it.

Edit: I know it's impossible to truly be neutral to this as I've given you only my side, and I am evidently poor at being unbiased. I feel wronged, but I am absolutely open to criticism, and I will appreciate any piece of input, no matter who its directed towards. Thank you for your time and as a long time lurker, I really hope this sub helps me find the clarity I see it bring so many people.

Summary:
but I appreciate when she did.
I have never looked down on her for this in any way.
I am uncomfortable with their relationship now that she has made an effort to hide it.
She told me she doubted our relationship and our future.
:) pierced and get a few personal tattoos.
I will never tell her what to do, but am I wrong in wanting her to lose a friend?
She could get them done now, but she expressed a desire to wait for me and have that experience together.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
