Original Response:
Longtime lurker, first time poster. Sorry for any formatting issues. I'll be changing names as my boyfriend browses Reddit.

Back story: I've been with my boyfriend, Jay, for the past year and a half. We have a great relationship, and I am so thankful he's a part of my life. While I had been in two relationships before him, he was my first and the only person I've had penetrative sex with. He on the other  hand, has had two long-term relationships before me and has slept with upwards of 20 women. None of this bothers me, his experience has helped make our sex life fantastic. When discussing our fantasies early on in our relationship, he voiced that he is very interested in having FFM threeways. I have always been open to the idea, and we have set boundaries in place in case it were to ever happen for us. Well, 1.5 years later and it just hasn't happened. Neither of us have any mutual friends we'd be comfortable entering into that kind of situation with, and seeking a consensual partner online was an entire failure. While Jay has expressed disappointment and frustration over this, he has never pressured me or made me feel inadequate.

Now onto the dilemma..

In February, I celebrated my 22nd birthday. Jay and I went out to a bar with a dance floor and we were joined by my best friend, her fiancée, and Jay's friend/ex girlfriend Rae. Jay and Rae dated for about two years in high school (~7 years ago), broke up because she was unfaithful, and later became friends. I have hung out with her and Jay on many occasions and really enjoy her as a person and do NOT feel threatened by her presence. 

Anyway, we spent the evening drinking and dancing. I felt Rae's eyes on me for a good portion of the time. She began dancing closer to me, mentioning frequently how sexy I was. And then she told me she wanted to fuck me. I'll admit, I was pretty turned on by this point. I politely declined, as one of the boundaries Jay and I established is that we would not sleep with any of his ex lovers. Later, our group was playing a game of pool, and Rae kissed me. Jay and our friends could see what was going on, so our situation was pretty obvious. Rae asked me to please consider having a threeway with her and Jay. She promised that it was because of her attraction to me, and that she and Jay wouldn't touch each other and instead both focus their attentions on me. I told her I would think about it but made it clear I didn't think I could follow through with it that night. Upon talking to Jay, he was amused by her forwardness with me. He said he was open to it, but figured my boundary of no ex lovers would still stand and did not push me to go for it. 

Later that evening, all of us came back to my and my best friend's apartment to continue celebrating. Rae became ill and had someone pick her up. So my dilemma ended there, or so I thought.

Over the next month or so, I thought about the situation and few times. I am very flattered by her advances and still find myself very attracted to her. Frankly, I desire her. And if she hadn't slept with my boyfriend hundreds of times over the course of their relationship I would have absolutely said yes.

Yesterday, my boyfriend and I were looking at some pictures of Rae. She recently modeled for an advertisement in just a thong and high heels. We both agreed the advertisements were very sexy and told her so over text message. 

Later that evening, Jay and I were getting it on. I was going down on him, and he said something along the lines of "I'd just love to see you get fucked while you do this to me". I paused and said "Oh yeah?", thinking he meant by another guy. But instead, he said yes, wouldn't it be great if I had Rae behind me using a strap-on to pleasure me? I said in theory, that does sound great. But we set boundaries. He just smiled and said their relationship was almost ten years ago and it ended in disaster so I shouldn't be insecure about her. He told me I could have her whenever I wanted, that she still wanted me. But then he realized his attempt at dirty talk was quickly becoming a discussion and he said we should drop the topic until another time. 

This has got me thinking. 

Half of me wants to just say yes. I have no doubt that it would be an amazing sexual experience. And I do not feel as though she is attempting to use me to get back with Jay. I would be able to help Jay fulfill his ultimate fantasy. And I would get to fulfill a fantasy of my own. It could potentially strengthen our relationships with each other.

The other half of me is still hesitant. While I don't feel as though there would be issues during the act, I worry about the aftermath. I worry that my insecurities will flare up and it will ruin a good relationship. And I worry that making an exception on the boundaries I put in place will cause Jay to be tempted to push more boundaries.

So Reddit. Get all up in my sex life and give me your opinions. Thanks ahead of time.

TL;DR: My boyfriend and I have been desiring a FFM threesome, boyfriend's ex wants to be our third. I want her but don't want issues to arise is my relationship with my boyfriend.

Edit: Based on the comments it seems the idea that Jay put Rae up to the idea is a common idea. Because he's so good to me, I have to stick up for him. I may be wrong, but I really really don't think this is the case. He didn't pressure me about it at all that night, and in fact told my best friend he knew it wasn't going to happen because he knew my boundaries. I think its more of a matter of ease of access than it is desire to sleep with an ex, since she is still interested in me. Jay and I have been trying to find a third almost the entire length of our relationship, and we've been frustratingly unsuccessful. We have a willing participant finally. But its her. And that is the issue.

Summary:
Later that evening, Jay and I were getting it on.
And I would get to fulfill a fantasy of my own.
And that is the issue.
And I do not feel as though she is attempting to use me to get back with Jay.
He told me I could have her whenever I wanted, that she still wanted me.
And then she told me she wanted to fuck me.
We have a great relationship, and I am so thankful he's a part of my life.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.15
