Original Response:
Throwaway-self explanatory
I'm a female and he is male and we are in our early 20s. We have been in a serious relationship for almost 4 years.

   The relationship has been kind of a roller coaster. It's had it's good and bad and awful times. When we first started dating this were beyond amazing but then things got terrible and now things are pretty good again. I should begin from the start with what led to him cheating. A couple months into the relationship i went to visit some family in another country and met a girl there. I though she was cool and we decided to keep in contact after I left. I was only there 1 week but we got very close, I ONLY had friend like feelings for her. Later she revealed she was lesbian and had a little crush on me. When I came back home I told my BF about her and he didn't think much of it, we kept in contact through letters and as time went on she began admitting feelings for me. I was afraid of what he would think if he found out so I decided to keep it a secret, bad move I came to find out. He began thinking that I was into her too and I was planning to move with my family down there and all this crazy stuff that was so far from what was going on. Ultimately I decided to stop writing her back and forget about her. But the damage was done.

   He became so distant and unloving and I blamed myself for it. This went on for about 6 months and I kept aplogizing all that time. now it was 2 years into the relationship and this is where things got so much worse. Through his friends he met a girl and they began talking. I was a little wary and uncomfortable but I didn't want to say anything because of what happened in the past. They would talk on the phone and text non-stop. Seriously. This went on about a month until I finally could not take it anymore and asked if I could look at his phone (since from the start we agreed we could ask for that from each other). He dodged the question and that's when I knew something was up. It was eating me up inside and a couple of days later when he was busy I looked at his phone, NOT COOL I KNOW. I found put that she had been sending him naked pictures (completely naked) and in all the texts they had been flirting very heavily and expressing their feelings for one another. I was devastated. I confronted him and he said he didn't ask for the pictures that she had sent them on her own and didn't know why, that she had a boyfriend and they were just joking in the texts. At first It all sounded like Bull to me. But when the realization of breaking up hit me I mustered up my courage and forgave him but asked him to delete everything and stop talking to her. Things got a bit better but about 3 months before our 3rd anniversary I noticed him acting shady again. We did not have facebooks but one of my friends told me to get one and I did and in the "people you may know" low and behold there he is! I went to look at his profile and he was friends with that girl. Basically they had been keeping in contact through there, I even found out that he had been going over to her house to "kick back" one on one (there was pictures of those times). I demanded his phone the next time we met up and yea, more pictures and texts.
      
     I could not believe it. Then he had the audacity to turn things around on me "why did you get a facebook? Why did you look through my stuff" and that's when he said he didn't know if he wanted to be in a relationship where his gf was always on his ass. We were kind of in a limbo for 2 months, all that time he treated me horribly and I just kept blaming myself for what happened, I turned to drugs and partying because he wanted nothing to do with me. One day I realized that it wasn't me, it was HIM who did it and I sent him a text basically saying that I still loved him but I loved and respected myself more and that if he wanted to walk then to do it. He texted back but I was too determined and angry to move on that I changed my number and packed my stuff up and move to a new apartment. Basically new beginning. I missed the shxt out of him and cried every night for a month with no contact from him until one day he got a hold if me on FB and said he wanted to meet up and I agreed.

    We talked and he apologized for everything, he told me he had stopped talking to the girl for good and even showed me evidence of it. He geniuanly seemed honest and I took him back immediately. It's been 10 months since we got back together and things have been going pretty good, there's been a few bumps here and there but no more girl drama from either one of us. He has been so wonderful but all this time I can't get out of my head what happened. I think about what he did and how he fooled me and I get so depressed that I let him treat me like that and do that to me. Don't get me wrong! I don't get that angry rage and scold him when I think about it or bring it up every chance I can. So getting to the point

-people who have been cheated on and forgiven their SO's: will there be a point when i will be at peace if I happen to think about it? Or if I can't completely (COMPLETLY being the key word!) get over it should I end it? I don't want that dark cloud to be looming over us forever. Neither one of us brings it up anymore and it seems like we have moved on but I'm not sure if i have or if that scar will be there always. 
I never got complete closure because he never came clean about what happened. And I feel like it's too late to ask.

Summary:
get over it should I end it?
I went to look at his profile and he was friends with that girl.
He has been so wonderful but all this time I can't get out of my head what happened.
This went on for about 6 months and I kept aplogizing all that time.
And I feel like it's too late to ask.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
