Original Response:
I should pretense this by saying divorce isn't an option for me. At least not at this point in our marriage. I believe trust can be rebuilt, blahblahblah. Point is, if your suggestion is divorce, I'm not going to consider it. 

Anyways, this is a long one.

I've been with Britt for 5 years. We've handled a lot of dumb shit in our relationship, made a lot of mistakes, grown up with each other, and matured vastly. I made a lot of mistakes early in our relationship, I was childish, and I could be really stubborn and seflfsh. I've grown by a huge margin but I recognize that I still have a long way to go until I'm a completely mature young man, and Britt recognizes that she has her own issues to overcome.

I'm active duty, currently deployed, and this deployment has been hell for us. We've fought a lot, and had our struggles. It happens to most couples of deployments. Several people around me are getting divorces, or are just cheating on their spouses.

Anyways, to the nitty gritty. I have had trust issues with Britt for some time, because I often catch her lying about small things. She'll say she paid a bill, and then in 2 weeks when it still hasn't been paid I'll ask and she'll admit she just said that because she didn't want to talk about it. Little white lies like that which have given me some doubts.

Anyways, about 2 months ago she went out one night and I didn't believe she was being completely honest about what she was doing. So I got on her facebook to look at her messages. While looking at them, I..

1) Confirmed she was where she said she was *phew*
2) Found out she had been fostering a friendship that was wildly inappropriate, and essentially using this guy as an emotional stand-in for me because she felt I wasn't available (I was trying to be available, but doing a poor job, I recognize this), we'll call this guy Jack. 
3) Found out she had been blowing me off to take care of another friend of hers, even which I was having a real hard time and needed some support, we'll call this guy Tony.

I was rightfully upset. But recognized that my actions where in part what lead to the situation. I owned up to my failing to be emotionally available at times, and poor communication, which lead her to feel I wasn't available for her. But, Britt was mad at me for snooping. She had really invasive parents growing up, and felt me snooping was an invasion of her privacy. Which is was..but I argue that, if she hadn't been lying to me, the need to snoop wouldn't exist.

The friendship with Jack had already come to a close because of some other events, but I told her I was never going to be comfortable with that friendship that was clearly on the verge of being more and if she cared about our marriage she would never talk to him again. She agreed that made sense, that she was wrong, and deleted him off facebook and, presumably, hasn't talk to him since.

Tony was a little more complicated. She told me they were "Best friends" and that Tony was suicidal and had a lot of emotional baggage that she helped him with, and he was available to her to just chill with. I have mutual friends with Tony, and he's a good guy, and by all accounts he's extremely respectful of relationships. I don't believe in telling SOs who you can be friends with except in obvious circumstances (see above), and this didn't seem like one, so I told her I didn't mind if she was friends with him, but I wasn't comfortable with her being alone with him, simply to give me peace of mind. She agreed to that, but within 4 days had already lied to me once about being with him and other people, when she was actually alone with him. 

We coped, we managed, I was moving on.

Until last night. 

Britt was paying bills and made a flat payment of 100.00 on our phonebill, which stood out to me as weird, so I just signed on to see why it was like that. When looking at your bill, you can see things like data usage/text messages/phone calls. Normally it's whatever, but it stood out to me because Britt isn't much of a texter, but had something like 400~ texts in the current, very short, billing cycle. So I took a look at it and Britt had text messages going to a specific number literally every day, some days from morning to night. 

I did not go into the bill to snoop in her business, but I ended up doing so because my curiousity got the best  of me, and my trust issues would have driven me up a wall had I not looked into it.

so I called Britt and asked her who's number it was, and she took a moment to look it up and then goes "Its Tony [. . .] you don't want me to be friends with anyone [. . .]I can't believe you were looking at my message history" and got mad at me for being invasive again. She needed time to think, so I backed down and went to bed. She spent all day furious at me, and then when I woke up, we talked. 

I explained to her how I was frustrated because I felt neglected, and she was prioritizing her friendships over me, and with me being deployed, makes me feel very lonely. She told me she was going to try, and I thought things were improved. HOWEVER, I didn't think something added up still. So I typed the number into Facebook, and the person it pulled up was not Tony, but someone else, we'll call James.

I was livid. I called Britt and this was the conversation

Me:Are you 100% sure that number is Tony

Britt: Yes

Me: You're not lying to me?

Britt: No

Me: There isn't anyone else you have a friendship with that I should be uncomfortable with?

Britt: No

Me: Because I know for a fact that number isn't Tony's

Britt: How do you know that?

Me: What does it matter? Who is James?

Britt: My other bestfriend. Why are you looking up this stuff??

Then she proceeded to get mad at me again for "invading her privacy"

I shut her down real quick. As it turns out, James is also her "best friend" and that most of the time when she says she's with or talking to Tony, she's actually talking to James. They text literally every day, sometimes late at night.

 I let me anger subside and spoke out of honesty about her lying to me, how unacceptable it was, and how I don't have any reason to trust her. I told her I needed to do a serious evaluation of our relationship, and that this was her last chance to be honest with me. She doesn't work Tuesday, so I told her I'm not going to talk to her for 2 days. In those two days, I'm going to come to peace with the lies she's told me, and my trust issues, so that we can proceed in this relationship without me holding her past against her. And I told her that she had 2 days to figure out what she's been lying to me about, and to be honest with me, that I would be understanding because many of my mistakes have lead up to this rift in our relationship. Basically, she's getting amnesty, anything she's honest about, I'll forgive, but if I find out anything down the road, it's going ot become an enormous point of contention.

NOW! To the point of it all.

Britt is mad at me for "invading her privacy" which, I feel, is entirely justifiable by the fact that she was willfully and intentionally lying to me, and I was just getting the truth.  So I'm asking you, people of /r/relationships, if its justifiable to breach that privacy in a spouse if you have a reasonable belief that they're being deceptive. Basically, was I wrong for snooping? 

Yes, I know trust is hard to rebuild. But I honestly believe that my mistakes in the past, and my failings as a husband, have been what have lead us up to this point. Britt claims she wants us to stay together because things will be easier when I get home (I agree). And I don't want to end a relationship that my mistakes have lead to this problems. She deserves the chance to rebuild my trust in her, because my mistakes lead to her being deceptive.

TL;DR: Wife was hiding secrets and lying. I snooped and caught her in her lies. She claims I'm wrong for snooping. Was I?

Summary:
I snooped and caught her in her lies.
But, Britt was mad at me for snooping.
Basically, was I wrong for snooping?
So I got on her facebook to look at her messages.
She claims I'm wrong for snooping.
She doesn't work Tuesday, so I told her I'm not going to talk to her for 2 days.
She told me she was going to try, and I thought things were improved.
And I don't want to end a relationship that my mistakes have lead to this problems.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
