Original Response:
First, some background: We met in college. I'm 25(F), He's also 25(M). We've been together for almost 6 years. We have had our ups and downs, but all in all, we have managed to stay together through some really hard issues, including my depression/anxiety that I went through during college. 

He is not without his own issues, either. He was raised in a really strict Christian family. He's agnostic, but none of his family knows this. He's convinced that if they discovered his lack of faith, his family life would crumble and fall apart. His parents regularly phone in each week and check if he went to church that week (He never actually goes, but lies and says he does). I might as well add that his parents require anyone he dates to also be Christian. Early on in the relationship, he made it clear that we absolutely must keep up this appearance for his parents in order for everything to be 'okay'. I'm agnostic, leaning towards atheist, so this all seems like a ridiculous charade to me, but I care about him enough to go along with it, for the sake of his happiness.

At least partially due to all of this, plus the fact that he has always been a computer/gamer nerd, I'm the first and only girl he has ever had sex with. According to him, I am also the first and only girl he has ever been in love with. I have gotten anxiety over this in the past and tried to get him to leave me and date other girls for a while so that he wouldn't eventually resent me for depriving him of that experience, but he has refused. 

I brought up the subject of marriage a couple years back. I know that for a girl, it's a no-no to bring up marriage to a guy, gonna scare him off yadda yadda, but I sensed that our relationship was reaching that point of commitment where it made a lot of sense to discuss marriage. He was uncomfortable discussing it at first, but now we have both decided that we definitely love each other enough to want to be married to one another. He has talked numerous times about how many kids we want, and how we want to raise them, etc.

At this point, it seems as though the only thing keeping us from getting engaged is the fact that his parents would disapprove. He has told me that if we got married right now, his parents would look down on that because his current job barely makes enough to support himself, let alone a family. Right now, he's broke and I'm working from home trying to build a startup, so I'm pretty broke as well. I don't care that he isn't making money; if I only cared about money I would be dating some old dude. I only want us to live together so that I can be there for him and support him physically and emotionally, and vice versa. I would pick up a second job in addition to my startup just to pay the bills, and I'm optimistic that we would be able to get by on each others' support. My mother is in the same boat with his parents, only difference with my mother is that I know that she will bend and concede eventually because she knows I am an adult and can make my own decisions for my happiness. But he also uses my mother as an excuse as to why he hasn't proposed yet. "Do you really want me to do something that will make your mom that unhappy with me", etc.

He *insists* that if not for his parents (and mine), he would 'slap a ring on me in a heartbeat' and let me live with him at his tiny apartment, where we would be poor but at least we would be together. If he asked me to do this, I would say yes without hesitation. According to him, we are just waiting for things to get better (his job)  so that he can propose to me at a time when his parents will approve of our decision. I'm in agony over this, and frustrated trying to understand why we can't simply be together, instead of having to bow to the expectations of our parents. We're both adults, but I don't feel as though he is asserting this fact enough. 

This is also causing me a lot of anxiety because I am really dependent on physical affection (hugging, kissing, holding hands, etc), and since we don't live together, or sleep together, I'm missing out on a lot of chances I would have to just be with him and be next to him. I have wanted to move in together, but he has never allowed that to happen because we would need to hide this fact from his parents (no living together unless married rule), and he is too afraid of his parents paying him a 'surprise visit' and finding out that we live together.

He is really sweet and caring for the most part, and I know that he wants to be with me. He always invites me to come by and hang out with him, and plans 'date nights' for us and gives me 1 on 1 time when I tell him I need it. He tells me 'I love you' several times a day. But I'm so afraid that we will always be living by his parents' rules. What if he never finds a better job? What happens then? I need to feel like I'm a priority in his life and I know he tries to make me feel this way, but he just won't budge on this one issue. He tells me that I need to be patient as he tries to get a better job so that he can comfortably ask me to get married. I'm hopeful whenever he tells me this, but he has been working at the same job for 2 and a half years. I may be a shy and sometimes quiet person, but I am normally really cheerful and fun-loving in my personal life...however, this whole thing has turned me into a depressed and anxious mess. I feel as though I'm going insane. Not sure what I should do next.

**TL;DR: Dated guy for ~6 years, I want to marry, he's committed and says he wants to get married as well but can't because of his extremely controlling parents who are crippling his freedom.**

Summary:
He is really sweet and caring for the most part, and I know that he wants to be with me.
According to him, I am also the first and only girl he has ever been in love with.
But I'm so afraid that we will always be living by his parents' rules.
I feel as though I'm going insane.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
