Original Response:
I [21F] have been dating "David" [29M] for almost six months now. It is a long distance relationship, we have been together four times in total so far, around 5 nights per meet. This is my first relationship, it is not his first relationship.


In person we get along great and everything goes fine (apart from one unrelated issue that I think is resolved), however we have been having a few problems recently when we are apart. I am currently doing my third and final year exams at University, and months ago I warned David that I will not be able to talk to him as much as I did prior (we used to speak practically all day every day). We had one minor argument about this approximately 6 weeks ago, during which David apologised for taking the frustration due to lack of contact out on me despite my warning about my exams.


However, it appears to have worsened over the past few days. I am still doing my exams so I have not had a lot of time to talk to him. We speak daily via text based chat, but we only speak every few days or so via voice. We usually spoke while gaming (we met in a game), but I have stopped playing the game in which we met because it is too time-consuming to keep going during my exams, and I am a bit burnt out of it. I made an attempt to keep the contact going by buying him a game we could play together, and we have both recently bought a new game (more on this in a moment).


David has told me that he is upset over the lack of contact we have been having. I reminded him that I am in the middle of very important exams, but he seems to be acting rather stubborn about it and I can't seem to persuade him that my lack of contact doesn't mean anything bad regarding our relationship. I know I am also in the wrong, I am quite introverted and I prefer to spend time alone, so prolonged amounts of time without human contact doesn't really bother me as much (something I have told David). I told him a few days ago that I would try and make time to talk to him more, but I told him that it isn't something that will change overnight.


Recently, my sister bought me WoW to play with her. Upon hearing this, David overreacted (in my opinion) in saying that he would never hear from me again. I think he's being silly because it's not like I am playing all day every day. I use it to reconnect with my sister who I have had little time to communicate with because of university, and her working. I have told this to David and he still gets grumpy when I tell him I am playing WoW (which I only do for a portion of the day, during the evening).


This brings us to tonight, where things kicked off. I am not good at arguing/debating, but I felt I had to say something to David following his complaint after I told him I was having a break from studying to play WoW with my sister. I told him that I was stressed and tired (long term sleep/anxiety/depression issues that he already knew about) and I wanted to be able to do what I wanted during any spare time I get during my exam period without having to feel that I have been guilted into playing a game with David that I don't want to play at the time. I fear that this comes across as selfish, however I am unable to voice chat with David while studying (obviously) and when I am playing WoW with my sister, I am talking to her. Following this exchange, David said that he will no longer speak of the subject because he's angry (like I'm all sunshine and daisies about the whole thing). I tried to get him to communicate with me, but he wouldn't budge, he said he would make it worse if he spoke about it now (perhaps a subtle threat of verbal abuse if I pressed him? Not sure if I'm reading too into this).


It seems that the issue is that I do not initiate a voice conversation with David as often as I should. I very rarely talk to people on the phone as is, so making myself do this more with David is something that I guess will take time (which I told him). When we used to speak (before my exams) it was always while we were playing a game, but like I said the main game we play is off-limits to me at the moment. I reluctantly bought another game to play with him recently (mentioned earlier), which I offered to play with him after my next exam (something I said to him before our most recent argument). It seems that I am having trouble with dissociating talking to him from playing games with him. It looks like both David and I are in the wrong, him for taking the lack of contact out on me and trying to guilt me into playing games (a petty issue I understand) and mine for not talking to him enough.


In addition, it's just a personality thing of mine that I would rather play a game or watch Netflix than talk to another person. I just don't really like prolonged social contact. I don't know how to work through this and talk to him more.


This whole debacle is making me have second thoughts about everything. He is coming across as very immature in my eyes (maybe I am too, I don't know), and I am trying my best to talk things through with him, but it feels like I am talking to a brick wall. As I have said, this is my first relationship so I have no idea how to go about this in a mature manner and try and get things sorted civilly. I was thinking of setting at least one hour a day aside so I can talk to him, but it seems like a rather "mechanical" compromise to such an issue, and I don't know how he'd react to it. I'd half expect him to say that I'm forcing myself to speak to him instead of spontaneously talking to him just because I can.


I'm very sorry for the wall of text and I apologise if this is a stupidly petty issue, but it's affecting me quite badly and I can't really handle relationship stress on top of exam stress. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.


**tl;dr: LDR boyfriend is acting immature (in my opinion) and is taking his frustrations out on me because of a lack of voice contact during my busy exam period, something which he was forewarned of. He thinks that I have no desire to speak with him. Not sure how to carry on this argument of sorts tomorrow.**

Summary:
I don't know how to work through this and talk to him more.
This is my first relationship, it is not his first relationship.
David has told me that he is upset over the lack of contact we have been having.
Recently, my sister bought me WoW to play with her.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
