Original Response:
I really just need to type this out so that I can stop my brain from over-analyzing the situation. It's driving me to drink!

My boyfriend (23) and I (22) have been in a relationship for two years. In all honesty, we got off to a bit of a 'rocky' start' for a few reasons that I will touch on a little bit while I vent. Things have gotten much better over time, except for a few recurring incidents that keep causing problems...

Anyway, the other day was really warm and beautiful, so we decided to go for a walk when we both got home from work. It started out alright - we moseyed around near a park for a bit until my boyfriend decided we should get some ice cream. Great! I love ice cream.

So we're walking down some sunny back streets and he suddenly takes my hand, which is a weird thing for him. Here's the deal: my boyfriend feels that hand-holding in public is awkward. He's afraid of what people might think. He's extremely self-conscious, and the act of holding hands makes him feel as though he's putting on a show that draws unnecessary attention to us which makes him anxious. Okay, I get that.

I used to get a little upset about it in the beginning, because he would only hold my hand if we were walking at night alone, or if we weren't in danger of running into other people during the day. As soon as someone approached, he would drop my hand like it was on fire and laugh awkwardly. This hurt my feelings, a lot. (If you're going to act like you're 5 years old about it, just don't do it at all!)

In each of my previous relationships hand-holding was never an issue - in fact, I never really gave it a second thought! It was just something pleasant that happened from time to time. It was nice, I enjoyed it, and that was that. Now however, because it has been made into a big deal, I get a little bit emotional about it. I find myself wishing we could do it. I have somewhat low self-esteem, and whenever he talks about how he doesn't want other people to see us holding hands it starts some negative self-talk: "he doesn't want to be seen with you." This was re-inforced by his brother recently, who mentioned that when my boyfriend was dating girls in high school, they were always attached at the hands while walking through the halls!!! This is so ridiculous to be upset about, I know, but I confronted him and asked why it was once okay to do the very thing he has huge hang-ups about now. His response was that he was a dumb teenager who just wanted people to know he had a girlfriend and he has since grown up.

Ouch.

Now I feel stupid, not only because I've gone and made a big deal out of something that I thought was just a small, but normal part of dating but also because he thinks it's juvenile that I wouldn't mind doing it every once in a while. Hell, I'm proud to be with him and wouldn't mind if people on the street knew that we were together - it would make me happy. I don't think that's weird. I don't want to be a show-off or anything, ugh. Pretty sure a lot of other people also feel this way and it's not a big deal at all. (I especially like seeing older couples holding hands. It's sweet and always makes my day. Such a simple little gesture showing that you care without having to say a thing.)

But back to our 'fight'. This is pretty much how it went down:
He grabs my hand and I immediately start to feel a little awkward. He has made mock-attempts to hold my hand before but pulls away saying "ew!" as a joke. I've told him to stop doing this because it's nothing more than him being a jerk and teasing me. I haven't brought up hand-holding for a long time, because I want to respect his issue with it (however strange it seems to me) so I was caught off guard when he tried it this time. After walking for a bit, this conversation happened:

Me - "Ooooh, look! We're holding hands. Aren't you going to say ew?" (This was not very nice of me, but I honestly didn't know if he was going to pull away so I made a desperate attempt to let myself down before he was able to.)

Him - "No, I thought it would be nice... at least until we get to the busy street."

Me - "Maybe one day when you stop being 15, this kind of thing won't be so awkward." (Yep, again I wasn't very kind. I admit it.)

Him - "No, if I was 15 I'd fucking love it!"

Me - "Whatever, look. I don't want to do this if you're just doing it to please me. It's really awkward because I know how uncomfortable it makes you." *wiggles hand out of his*

Him - "Oh wow, you just ruined it. I really wanted to but now you're pulling this. You always do this."

Me - "I'm sorry, but I just don't understand. I don't understand why it has to be such a big deal. I never know if you're serious about it or not! I don't understand why it bothers you so much. We're both adults, nobody around you cares about it."

Him - "Oh so you're gas-lighting *me* now! (A new word he likes to use sarcastically ever since I tried having a serious conversation with him about respecting my feelings and I dropped the term.)

Me - "No..."

Him - "Yeah. I'm not allowed to be uncomfortable with hand-holding and it's weird and strange now, just because YOU like to do it. Double standard!"

Me - "I'm sorry. You are allowed to feel that way, I'm sorry. If you are truly interested in walking together hand-in-hand, we can do that. I was rude about it, I know."

Him - "No, I don't want to *now*."

He tucked his hands into his pockets and made himself very unavailable for the rest of our walk. I was pretty sad, because I was pretty sarcastic to him. In the past, whenever he would take my hand I would just smile and go with it, hoping that would act as positive reinforcement and he would be able to see that it was no big deal. However, after having him joke about it so many times... I just got fed up. I didn't believe that he was sincere this time and I was rude. The rest of our outing was weird and I pretty much shut down for the rest of the day.

What's going to happen when we face bigger life issues? Am I the one that just needs to drop it? Why am I always so nervous that he's just going to make jokes at my expense to make himself feel better about having weird anxieties? Ugh. Brain = fried.

[EDIT] I would like to mention that a lot of my frustration stems from the fact that he has smacked my ass in public on a few occasions while MANY people were in view, and it really hurt me. I couldn't believe that he was afraid of being perceived as "someone with a girlfriend walking casually" vs. "some jerk who clearly doesn't respect the lady he's with." Can anybody lend any insight? He's not usually someone who cares about being macho or anything like that... but this... this just boggles my mind. I told him how it makes me feel degraded, and he continues to joke about it.

[EDIT 2] Yeah, I'm a little embarrassed by this post. I'm not sure what I expected the reaction to be, but thanks to those who offered their opinions. I really do appreciate it.

Summary:
Him - "No, I don't want to *now*."
I really wanted to but now you're pulling this.
I don't understand why it has to be such a big deal.
Me - "I'm sorry, but I just don't understand.
It's really awkward because I know how uncomfortable it makes you."
I was rude about it, I know."
I don't want to do this if you're just doing it to please me.
I really do appreciate it.
I never know if you're serious about it or not!

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
