Original Response:
I am a long time lurker, and I am saddened that this is my first substantial post.


My girlfriend and I have been dating for almost 4 years.  We moved in together about 6 months ago, and this may have contributed to us breaking up.  


For the sake of this story, I'll call her Sasha.  Sasha is everything I every wanted in a girlfriend.  She is the most beautiful girl I've ever been with, she is kind, understanding, and considerate.  Most importantly, I feel like she is always willing to put the extra time and energy with me to make our relationship work.  I apologize in advance if you think this is long winded and drab (especially the petty fight that led to our break up), but I need to get this off my chest because I feel like I'm dying inside.


Sasha and I fight over dumb things just like any other couple.  Last night we got into a fight over a misunderstanding that pushed her over the edge in deciding to break up with me.


On Friday afternoon, Sasha got called in to work on Saturday.  We were on our way to go pick up take-out dinner, when I told her that our mutual friend, Aaron wanted to hang out on Saturday. I was texting him (while Sasha and I were talking) to see when and where he wanted to meet up.  Sasha got mad at me for because I was being slow/non-responsive to her conversation with me, while I was texting Aaron.  


I sometimes get sucked into texting, and I do hear Sasha talking to me, but do not immediately respond, as my mind is elsewhere and I am not a great multi-tasker.  This led to her accusing me of ignoring her.


I apologized and let her know that I was just trying to make plans, and not trying to ignore her.  She was mad because I have had a habit of doing this.  I told her again that I did mean to ignore her and put my hand on her hand to comfort her.  She pushed my hand away and proceeded to give me the silent treatment.

When we got home, I did not want to eat with her as I felt she was being unreasonable.  I let her eat her dinner alone, and I ate mine a little later.  Sasha began to warm up to me, and gave me a hug, but I pushed her away.  This is where I fucked up.  I should have just let things go and made up, but instead I stood my ground.  I told her that I was not in the mood to cuddle.  She asked if I want to make some warm chocolate together as an after dinner snack.  I say yes, but later.  I proceed to do some chores, then go to shower.


I get out of the shower, and get dressed.  Sasha is in the kitchen washing dishes.  I walk outside to grab my laptop and head back into the bedroom.  When she comes back to the bedroom, she is holding a mug of hot chocolate.  I noticed this and asked her why she made hot chocolate without me.  Sasha said it sounded like it didn't seem like I wanted hot chocolate since I walked out of the bedroom when she was in the kitchen, and did not join her to make hot chocolate.  I responded by saying I didn't know she was making hot chocolate as I was just getting out of the shower.  We then proceed to argue about being cold to each other earlier in the day, and why me not eating dinner with her led to her not wanting to make hot chocolate with me.  This is why we ended up fighting.  Over a stupid cup of hot chocolate.


Fast forward to Saturday evening.  Everything seems to be fine.  We are back to our normal cheery selves, except that Sasha met up with a friend after work to talk.  We eat dinner and watch some Netflix, everything is peachy.  I turn off the TV once we're done and Sasha begins to talk about when we first started dating, and how different it was.  She then begins to break down and cry.  I ask her what's wrong, and if this was about yesterday's fight.  Sasha tells me that who I was when we started dating is not who I am now, and she now knows what she wants out of relationship (it isn't me).  When we fight, we seem to fight about the same stupid things.  She tells me that when we fight, instead of listening to her I argue back.  I ask why she has never told me about this before.  Why hasn't she ever expressed how unhappy she is?  She said she wasn't sure that she was unhappy, but recently figured out that she was definitely no longer happy.  She said she had been contemplating breaking up with me for a while.


I can't believe what's happening.  I knew she was unhappy with what happened on Friday, but I had no idea that she was at the point of breaking up with me.  Sasha says that she no longer feels happy being around me, and that she wants to see other people.  I break down and plead with her to reconsider.  I tell her that I know I haven't always been the best boyfriend, but I am capable of change.  Sasha says that since we have been dating for over three years, she knows who I am as a person, and that by giving me another chance, I am just prolonging the inevitable.  She has already made arrangements to move in with one of her friends, once her friend's lease is over.  I don't know what to say, except to beg with all my soul for her to not to break up with me.


I ask her that it can't be because of the fight last night, there has to be more.  She says there are times where she doesn't feel like I listen to her when she wants to tell me something is wrong.  Let me pre-face this by saying, I have never hit her, or verbally abused her in our relationship.  Sasha also tells me she is afraid to tell me when something is bothering her because she is afraid of upsetting me and causing me to argue back.  She says anytime she brings up a problem with me, I become defensive and argumentative.  I feel very hurt by this, because I am always open with her.  I keep pleading with her, but Sasha says she has made up her mind, and wants to see other people.  She says she has nothing left in the tank for our relationship.  I tell her that I am  aware that I am stubborn and am prone to argue, but do not want to be like my father who is famously stubborn.  I believe I can change for her.  She says that this isn't about my father, and that she doesn't want me to change for her.  I am at a loss for words.


All of my experiences her being to flash through my mind, and I don't want to lose her.  I love her so much, and to be truthful she is an amazing girlfriend.  She is kind, funny, loving and supportive, everything I could ask for.  I analyze everything that has happened between us since we started dating as I plead for her not to break up with me.  I tell her I can't accept her giving up on us.


Sasha gets frustrated with me, and decides wants to shower.  I tell her thats fine, but I would like to talk more when she's done.  I make a list of all the things I think I may have done to make her feel unhappy.  When she gets out of the shower, I tell her that I have come to terms that she has probably made up her mind for good, but I would like to read her a list of things I think I can improve on if given the chance.  I read it and tell her I would do anything to prove to her that I am worthy  of her love.  She tells me that her mind is made up, and that we can be friends, but we can no longer be together.  I ask her to sleep on it, and hopefully we can talk in the morning.  She said she didn't know if we should talk in the morning.  I told her I understand, and that I will leave her alone for the time being.


Now I am alone by myself, and I have no idea what to do.  I don't want to drink my sorrows away.  But I don't know how to stop this pain from consuming me.  I am emotionally wrecked right now, and I don't know how I will handle living without Sasha for the rest of my life.  I am a man and can admit I haven't always been the best boyfriend to her, but I had no idea that she was this unhappy.  I want with all my heart to prove that I can make her happy again, but I know that I will probably not be able to convince her since her has made her decision.  This is entirely my fault, and I deserve this in every way.  Sasha said this is not my fault, and said that it takes two people to be in relationship.  I agree, but I know that this is my fault, and I am destroyed.  I don't expect any advice can help me in my situation, but I just needed to be heard.



tl;dr: I am incredibly stupid, and just lost the love of my life.  She doesn't want to be with me anymore, and I have no clue how to win her back.  My life as I know it has been destroyed.

Summary:
Sasha is everything I every wanted in a girlfriend.
I ask why she has never told me about this before.
She tells me that when we fight, instead of listening to her I argue back.
She says there are times where she doesn't feel like I listen to her when she wants to tell me something is wrong.
She asked if I want to make some warm chocolate together as an after dinner snack.
I keep pleading with her, but Sasha says she has made up her mind, and wants to see other people.
She tells me that her mind is made up, and that we can be friends, but we can no longer be together.
She said she didn't know if we should talk in the morning.
She was mad because I have had a habit of doing this.
Sasha and I fight over dumb things just like any other couple.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.17
