Original Response:
I'm sorry if this is the wrong subreddit.

Long story short, she had a shitty childhood. So did I. We all did. There are seven kids; four boys and three girls. I'm the oldest. She's the oldest girl, but middle child. In her perspective, her life is comprised of constantly and repeatedly sacrificing everything she wanted to ever have for some stability in the household. As a kid, she saw it as her responsibility to keep things to herself so she didn't burden everyone else. There was lots of abuse from my father directed at everyone for many years. 

3 years ago, I would have said that she is the sibling I see the greatest potential in. She had an awesome taste in music, loved reading, was generally intelligent, rejected peer pressure, and was pretty mature for her age. Then, several things happened all at once. She hit puberty, our parents got divorced (which was a good thing, my dad is an asshole) and she started to change.

Over the last 3 years she has broken my mother's trust numerous times, manipulated her expertly and walked all over her. She pulled ridiculous stunts like walking down the interstate to the mall because she was bored, or going to a "friend's house" but was caught at the mall with a boy 4 years older than her. She stole mom's money to buy thongs.

She is reckless, and when confronted says she hates her family and wants us all to die. She would prefer that we all ignore her and her ignore us, instead of putting any effort into getting along and being sensible. I know this sounds like typical teenager stuff, but when you hear it from her it is way off the deep end with warped contradictions and illogicality.

She always comes home from school and tells my mom how "all these girls at school are sluts and it's gross" and how "doing drugs is dumb". As we find out in a bit, that was all just expert manipulation.

After a recent breaking of trust, my mom asked me to get into her facebook and text messages.   
We found out that she has been having sex regularly and smoking weed for at least the last six months. On one occasion that a friend of hers came to spend the night, three older boys from school sneaked over at 3 AM and her and her friend gave them blowjobs in the backyard.   
She also related how most occasions that she was at a sleepover, she was out with guys all night. Her friends' parents apparently don't care what they do, so she arranges these sleepovers to hook up with guys.    
There were transcriptions of her arranging sex with a guy she has never met before. She met him on facebook, and during a high school football game they went off and had sex in the guy's truck.   
She has also cut herself before.

All in all, she's basically the school whore, and a public one too.

Obviously she has daddy issues, and obviously she has no concern for her own safety, or any of her old values.  This may sound like a cookie cutter 14 year old reaction to her past, but this is my sister and I'm worried. It's simply not possible to make an appeal to logic, or even an appeal to emotion with her.

In the past, when my mom would find out she had been deceitful, or found an incriminating text message, she would ground her or take away her phone for a week or so. My sister would then lie and twist everything and convince our mom that she had been framed or it was "just a joke". Then she would kiss ass until the punishment was lifted. Then she would just get even better at keeping secrets. 

This went on for quite a while. My mom is a very ineffective mother. She doesn't really know what her own values are because for the last 15 years she was in a state of frozen denial to cope with the abusive husband. She only recently came to terms with it and is trying to establish who she is as a person. In addition, she wants to make up for the years of hell, so she lets all her kids walk all over her.

Our mom claims that this time she will be strict and steadfast, which I hope is true. 
My sister is currently grounded from facebook, her phone is gone, and she cannot visit friends. She can only go to school, church, and guitar lesson.  

Reddit is pretty liberal so I don't know what kind of reaction I'll get here, but I think 14 is way too young for all of this, and she is going down the wrong path. She is scheduled to meet with a child psychologist (the same one my brother had for behavioral issues) so maybe that will help. 

What else can we do?

Thanks for reading.


Edit: I was thinking; I had the same parents she did. I had a terrible childhood. I was riddled with insecurities and hindered from my full potential. I was angry, bitter and clinically depressed in high school. I hated my parents with a passion. But, no matter how much I hated myself or my life, I had my values. I cared deeply for them. Even coming from the same environment and just as depressed, I would have never done any of this stuff she's doing. Where does it come from? Why is she willing to do this to herself? Relationship integrity has always been important to me; I would have never had casual and anonymous sex as a young teenager. If the situation presented itself to me, I would obviously be tempted, but I wouldn't give it away to whoever just for a good time. It has weight and value to me. I know that she felt the same way just a few years ago. Why did she lose all integrity and values in puberty, but I didn't?

Summary:
I know that she felt the same way just a few years ago.
I hated my parents with a passion.
Even coming from the same environment and just as depressed, I would have never done any of this stuff she's doing.
She has also cut herself before.
I had a terrible childhood.
I cared deeply for them.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
