Original Response:
Hello Reddit! First off I hardly ever post and I'm on my mobile, so sorry for any formatting issues! 

Also it's going to be a lengthy one, sorry!!! 

I'm not really sure where to begin, this post is sparked by recent developments however the underlying issues have been going on for a while. For starters my mom has always been very stubborn, type A, "get the last word in" kind of person. When she's in a good mood she's very kind, compassionate, has given my sister and I so many opportunities and is fun to be around. However when she's in a bad mood everyone walks on eggshells, she'll lash out verbally and take any comments VERY personally. Even if I disagree with her I end up feeling like crap for making her feel bad and so the cycle goes. I'm not perfect, I understand when the comments I make are not respectful and I always apologize, but even when she's wrong I still end up apologizing to her because I know how stubborn she is and that you can't teach an old dog new tricks. 

Now to today's situation. My family traveled to Florida to celebrate my sister's 22nd birthday. My sister currently goes to school out of state so we don't see her that often. The first few days were a blast! We had a great time hanging out together as a family, site-seeing, having dinner, the works. Today we went to a theme park, however it didn't live up to our expectations. It was SUPER packed, the lines were enormous, screaming kids everywhere, and we ended up getting jipped on fastpasses because we misunderstood how they worked. Cue foul mood. Granted all of us were a bit unhappy but we were willing to make it work, wander around, explore, whatever. My mother however tried to convince a worker to let us onto the ride, I did as well, explaining our situation and asking about options, but I can recognize a lost cause when I see one. My mom kept berating the poor worker, who stood her ground, and ended up walking away in a huff. We followed her trying to figure out our next move but she was "ready to leave" and mumbled how she "could have been sitting poolside". She pretty much stays pissed off and won't talk to us until we leave the park. 

After we leave the park we go to drop my sister off at the airport as she has an earlier flight than us, and we have about an hour car ride. In the car she seems to lighten up a little, but you can still tell she isn't happy. She ends up doing something (too tedious to give the details) that she KNOWS ticks me off, so I make a sarcastic remark and tell her that I dislike what she is doing (but end up doing what she asks anyways). Cue foul mood streak number two. She yells at my dad saying that he should have her back when I'm "being disrespectful", then turns to my sister and starts questioning her (like the bloody Spanish Inquisition) about her studies and tests and whatnot. My sister answers truthfully, like "well I leave a lot of studying last minute but I think I'll be okay", to where my mother then replies "well if you keep doing that you're going to fail and not ever get a job. Good luck with that." 

We have now reached the airport. My sister of course is really upset (and again it's her birthday weekend) my mother is pissed and isn't speaking, and I'm stone silent because I don't know what the hell to say to any of this. My mom then refuses to help my sister unload her bags or get out of the car to say good bye. My father and I say good bye and try to get my sister to go to the window. She kind of waves to my mom then walks off. My dad then goes to the front of the car and absolutely freaks out at my mother (he's a very calm person, this is maybe the third outburst I've seen my entire life) and tells her to run after my sister and say good bye. 

Well she gets out of the car and apparently (this is what I heard from my sister) says something like "bye" and offers no apology or anything close to remorse to my sister. At this point my sister walks off pissed off and goes to her gate.  My mom then walks to the car, grabs her things, and walks into the airport without saying a word to my dad or I. It's 5pm, our flight isn't until 9:30pm. We were supposed to grab dinner outside of the airport, guess that's not happening. I then get my things and go the the airport and try to find her while my dad returns the rental car. Tried calling, no answer, texting, nada. End up spotting her while my dad and I went through security, said nothing to us. I try apologizing for my comment in the car early just to make things less awkward, just "wants to be left alone" and walks away in a huff. By some stroke of weird luck, my sister and I end up having the same gate. I talk to my sister to try and resolve things, neither will talk to one another.

I end up buying Starbucks for myself and my sister and as a sign of truce (or love, or just trying to make the best of what's rest of the vacation) buy my mom her favorite drink and give it to her. She says nothing. She ends up going up to my sister as she's boarding and says "sorry you hate me" and walks away. Sister says nothing and boards the plane. 

Now I'm sitting by myself writing this as I wait for my plane because I can't handle this crap anymore. I don't know what to do or say because she will not listen to anyone or take any advice. I'm tired of ganging up on her because I love her but her actions are completely immature and unacceptable. And I feel terrible because I love both my parents and I know that these situations make them both feel like shit. 

I think it's important to add that she is going through menopause, however has refused (thus far) to talk to a doctor about hormone replacement therapy (as I have suggested) because "that stuff can cause strokes and kill you". I want to suggest talking to professional, but I'm not sure it's my place or if she'll just get pissed off again and won't talk to me. 

Has anyone dealt with a situation like this? I'm sorry for the length but I feel that the details are necessary. 

Tldr: Mother's attitude is starting to weigh on family and cause strife. She recently blew up at my sister, father, and I on the last day of a vacation and is currently speaking to no one. Is going through menopause if that means anything. Help please? I'm tired of walking on eggshells.

Summary:
My father and I say good bye and try to get my sister to go to the window.
Sister says nothing and boards the plane.
My mom then refuses to help my sister unload her bags or get out of the car to say good bye.
She kind of waves to my mom then walks off.
I'm tired of walking on eggshells.
I then get my things and go the the airport and try to find her while my dad returns the rental car.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
