Original Response:
I'm pretty confused and I have no idea what to do. Well, I do. But I can't bring myself to end things. A bit of a back story..

I moved into a house about a year ago and one of my flatmates was a lesbian, the same age as myself. I'm bisexual and had just come out of a long term relationship with a guy who broke my heart into a million tiny pieces. The lesbian flatmate instantly took a shine to me and flirted her way into my life. Strangely enough, we ended up together because my room in that house burnt down and I slept in her bed until it was sorted. By the time my room was sorted, the girl and I had pretty much decided we were going to get together and we moved into a room together elsewhere as she got kicked out of our current place.

The new place was okay at first, but obviously it was a stupid move as we had only been seeing each other a few weeks and although this wave of 'nobody else can have you' had taken over, we didn't really know each other well enough to live together. I forgot to mention that she had given me an ultimatum when we moved out, seeing as she and only she had been kicked out, she said that if I didn't move out with her, she would not continue a relationship with me.

6 months down the line, we were fighting (physically and verbally) almost every day. At first it was because of her own insecurities and her thinking I was going to cheat on her with a man, and then other things crept in such as my hatred for her drug abuse, her selfishness and her immaturity. The final blow came when she text me whilst I was at work saying she was not attracted to me anymore, couldn't stand the sight of me, wanted other people and was finished. This resulted in me rushing home to argue some more, which led her to tell me I'd never live up to one of her ex's, she had been having dreams about a certain girl I was actually paranoid about etc etc. Basically disgusting childish behavior to hurt me. And the worst part is, only a few weeks beforehand I had read a facebook conversation of hers with a friend in which she discussed how she'd wanted to 'get with a certain girl' at a festival she was at but couldn't because of me. Pfft. Not blowing my own horn or anything, really not, because I'm insecure as hell, but I do know I'm an attractive girl and certainly the best she can do. Probably why she treated me like a trophy girlfriend when we first got together. 

There was also trouble with her best friend (who is also her ex girlfriend of 2 years!) crashing at our place quite a lot of the time due to being homeless, and she pretty much came onto me.. we flirted heavily but when I told my girlfriend what had happened, her best friend (butter wouldn't melt) said she was only coming onto me so not to 'batter my ego.' 

So anyway, She mentioned getting our own seperate places and trying to work things out but in my mind that was a step backwards and I put it off for as long as possible until the final blow happened just before Christmas and we broke up 'for good'.

She moved out before me, I managed to find a place. Obviously we started seeing each other again and things were okay-ish, but still weird, not great at all. She then went to her family home for christmas and came out to them all, and when she came back she was a different person. She was giving me all the affection I'd ever wanted, being loving and thoughtful and caring, all the things she had never really truly been before. 

These past few weeks have been better than they have been since we first got together, sexually aswell which is a massive deal to me and I truly thought we'd made it through until tonight. I mean literally up until yesterday things had been great. She was doing stupid things like adding a relationship anniversary for us on facebook and small gestures like that. Anyway. I am pretty ill at the moment and I wanted her to come round to mine this evening to chill with me and just generally be my fucking girlfriend. She explained she had plans to go up to her friends house but she'd come to mine afterwards, and asked why I didn't go round there during the day as she was cooking with some friends. I ended up rocking up there and she was a bit wasted. I asked again if she'd come back to mine instead and she pretty much flew off the handle, told me she isn't happy, admitted she wants to have her cake and eat it, needs to be selfish as she's had a shit few years, and is going to her friends house and basically if I don't like it then we can finish. She says that she's 'going through a weird time and everything has to be about her. She wants to do whatever she wants, whenever she wants, no questions asked- apart from get with other people.' and even her best friends have noticed this. So where does that leave me? It's fucking crazy. I mean she's made it seem like she's so into it recently. Every time I've been a bit off she's panicked and asked if I still want her etc etc. 

What the fuck. THIS. When this morning she was texting me telling me she loved me? I don't get it. It seems to me that whenever I confront her about something or try and make her do something for me that changes her plans, she threatens to break up with me. I played along with it, kissed her goodbye and she said she'd see me later, as if that whole fucking disgusting, hurtful conversation had not happened.

I have tried backing off, I have tried. When we're out together she's very protective and makes it very known that we're together, she gets funny if I talk to attractive guys and if I blow her off or hint that maybe I wouldn't like to see her on a certain night then she takes offense, but it's okay for her to do it to me? 

All of my friends say I should leave her behind, and I know I probably should-but I wouldn't be sat here writing this if that was what I wanted. Truth is, I love her. But I want her to sacrifice for me and she's not willing. 

There are so many things playing on my mind that I mask, she's going away travelling for 2 months in March and that is a big deal to me, yet I can't even hint that it makes me sad because that's me being 'miserable' apparently. I have to be on to form constantly otherwise she runs and I just find it very unfair.

I guess I want to know if anybody has been in a similar situation? She did everything she possibly could to win me over and she's been nothing short of a bitch for the most part of our relationship unless she gets her own way 24/7. She blames it on her parents giving her everything she wanted and her being allowed to do whatever she wants her whole life, but she's 23 now and it's about time she grew up.

I feel like I need to shock her into action, but what is there left to do when she's openly admitted that although she loves me and wants to be with me, she'd probably be quite happy without me too? That is the ultimate head fuck but I lost my self respect and dignity a long time ago, so telling me to leave her for those reasons won't work. I want to shock her into action but I feel like I'm running out of ideas. She's only at her nicest when she can see other people trying to pursue me or when I'm being distant/with my friends, or when she wants cuddles and affection. When I want it- fucking forget it. 

She's now gone off with her best friend (who is her ex gf) to her best friend's gf's house to have a few drinks, and needless to say I was not invited. Supposedly she's coming here afterwards (who knows if she'll make it.) 

Help.

Summary:
I have tried backing off, I have tried.
When I want it- fucking forget it.
She moved out before me, I managed to find a place.
But I want her to sacrifice for me and she's not willing.
Truth is, I love her.
I'm pretty confused and I have no idea what to do.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
