Original Response:
I've been seeing a girl that I met almost a year ago.  When I first met her, she had a boyfriend so we didn't talk as often; however I decided to keep in contact with her as friends.  We only hung out every once in a while and as nothing more than friends.  However about 6 months later, she broke up with her boyfriend of 6 years.  It was one of those breakups where their relationship just got dull over the years and they weren't really that compatible but they still stayed together because they were so used to it.  She knew this guy since junior high.

I didn't intend to make any moves for a few days but I would hang out with her more often.  However I would lightly flirt with her every once in a while (and she would sometimes flirt back – but not always) to ensure that I was not put into the friend zone.  At one point(a few weeks after her breakup), she asked about “us” and where we were going.  It was a long conversation but in the end, it came down to how she likes me too but isn't ready for a relationship yet and that I would wait for her to be ready.  She agreed and everything went back to as it was.

Fast forward a few more months and we’re getting closer and more comfortable with each other.  We go out together on “dates” (although we don’t always call them dates because it makes her feel uncomfortable).  However she is still not ready for a relationship with me.  Now I have no problem waiting for her but it is making me really uncomfortable at this point.  Not because I am getting impatient, but because I am getting scared that I will lose my chance.  She’s a very attractive girl and she gets hit on by a new person almost every week and it’s very unsettling.  Also, most of her friends are guys because she feels most comfortable hanging out with guys instead.  She tells me they are just friends and that she is not attracted to them, but she always goes on one-on-one “hang outs” with these guys and it makes me feel so insecure.  She’ll always be texting one of these guy friends for a good portion of the time when we are spending time together on a date or something.  I feel like if I don’t make a move, I’ll lose her to one of these guys.  Furthermore, she still stays in contact with her ex and she calls him her “best friend”.

As such, I've been starting to act very overly attached when I'm with her.  Hugging her and putting my arms around her as if she was already mine.  I know this makes her uncomfortable but I kept doing it to show her that I was still interested in it.  In fact, I didn't even notice myself making these actions until she started pointing out how she doesn't like it when I do it.  At this rate, I am going to lose her because of my clinginess.

Just a few days ago, she told me one of the things that she really didn't like about her last relationship was how she would feel really attached to her boyfriend (at the time) and that she would often go on MSN and wait for him to come online.  She would text him to come online so she could talk to him but he wouldn’t come online until much later so she would feel really uncomfortable.  She didn’t want to have to re-experience that again with me so she proposed that we don’t talk to each other every day (we currently at the very least will talk to each other on Skype or something every day).  That way, she can get used to not having someone there all the time and that when we date, she won’t feel sad when the days we can’t talk to each other comes.  She also told me how she still needs more time to move on because she wants to learn who she truly is herself; you know, kind of like a self-improvement.

I agreed to her plan that we shouldn't talk to each other every day.  The next day, we barely texted, and the day after that, there was no contact at all.  I could feel that this was a very important lesson to me as well as I felt extremely overly attached during this period of time.  I busied myself with hobbies and other activities to keep my mind occupied.  After a few days, she initiated a text with me asking how I was doing but I was busy at the time and couldn't respond.  I texted her later but she was already asleep.  The next few days I tried to start conversations with her via text messages (she has not been logging on Skype the last few days) but she now seems uninterested in me.  She would respond with very short and uninterested responses like “ok” or “good” and stuff.  I don’t know what has been happening in her life since we haven’t been in contact for the last few days, but it is making me feel really uncomfortable.

Could she just be still doing the “less contact” thing with me or could she have lost all interest in me for having barely any contact over the last week?  Did I scare her away with my clinginess?

I want to note that I have been trying my best to now show this desperation when I am with her.  I know it probably sticks out more often than it did before, but I don't sound as desperate as I do in real life when I'm with her as I do here.

Tl;dr: Girl I've been seeing (but not yet dating) keeps getting hit on by guys and also goes on one-on-one “hang outs” with many male friends and it makes me feel insecure.  Still waiting for her to move on from last relationship but because of her popularity, I feel pressured to make a move too soon.  She also suggested trying to not talk every day so that she can learn to be a bit more independent.  After a few days of trying this, she seems less interested in me.  Advice needed.

Summary:
I don’t know what has been happening in her life since we haven’t been in contact for the last few days, but it is making me feel really uncomfortable.
However she is still not ready for a relationship with me.
I agreed to her plan that we shouldn't talk to each other every day.
Now I have no problem waiting for her but it is making me really uncomfortable at this point.
I texted her later but she was already asleep.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
