Original Response:
This'll be a long post.

Some backstory to where we came from. My girlfriend and I started dating last year close to this date when we were both in high school. We spent the whole summer together. Either everyday or every other day was spent together. We never had a lot of problems and if we did, they were tiny and easy to fix. I loved the time we spent together and nothing changed. I was happy.

Things got a little dicey when she went away to college. Initially I was trying to be as happy as possible for her because she was scared to leave me behind. I didn't want her to think she'd be better staying at a community college by me. This is when I first felt something was wrong with me.

Note:Her college is a three hour drive away so not necessarily close for someone like me.

She is a runner so she joined the cross country team. I thought it was ok and thought nothing of it. I checked facebook a couple days later and she was surrounded by a group of guys and girls I had never met together and I felt myself getting a little uneasy. I didn't know it at the time, but I was getting scared. Days later she sent a picture of herself in her uniform. The shorts were those running shorts that kind of looking like tight underwear(google it?). I got really anxious that guys would look at her and I wanted to be the only guy who got to see her in that way. I asked her to change it to the alternative shorts that weren't as revealing and she agreed to do so.

After a couple weeks or so, she started to go to a party maybe once or twice a month. It got me really scared because I am a really introverted guy and I'm used to being with my girlfriend in a controlled environment or my girlfriend is usually with friends in a controlled way when she was back at home. She would go to these parties and sometimes even drink, which scared me even more.

My parents both worked at a hospital for most of my life. I often saw the effects of alcohol and it scared me to death of the stuff. I have no desire to drink and I never will.

It scared me so much to hear that my girlfriend was both illegally drinking alcohol and partying. It scared me so much. It made me think the worst things. What if she was drinking and she did something with another guy? What if she got hurt? What if she got arrested? So many things popped into my head and I got extremely sad. After the first party, I got too scared, so I asked her to maybe not go to anymore parties.

She tried to assure me that nothing was going to happen and that it's ok. Fights were going to happen, so me being my weak and scared self, I just said ok and dropped my proposal. She went out again and again I got extremely scared and anxious so I asked if she wouldn't go out. She exploded on me saying that this was what she wanted to do and that I shouldn't control her. She brought up past stuff like the cross country uniform and how she really wanted to wear that, but she doesn't want to be controlled by me. 

Note: my perception of my girlfriend from summer and high school was that she was a nice religious girl who didn't seem like much to party or anything like that.

I got scared and said ok again and that I'll stop myself from being controlling. That's when I started to getting depressed. Whenever she'd be with her friends, I got heavily depressed and empty inside. I felt like her friends were overcoming me as her boyfriend. This all led to a party on Halloween. 

The day of Halloween, she had been telling me that she wouldn't go to a party because it would make me sad. She said she would just stay in her room and skype me. I was a little relieved. Then she blew up on me about how she had been wanting to go and that her friends had been asking her why she hadn't gone costume shopping with them. It both made me sad for knowing I was controlling and that my anxiety put her in a corner. She left me and went to the party. I had a really bad depression type moment that night.

After that night, I constantly told her that my depression and anxiety would get better. After almost every fight, I would say that. It never really got better until a little later on in the story.

Another fight came when there was a party and she felt that I was too controlling too. It made me sad because literally during every party, I got scared. I always got scared. A little while back she said that she wouldn't drink anymore because I had been so scared. But this fight was different. She left me and went to the party angry and it left me incredibly sad. Time past and she came home for winter break.

Note: Everytime she had a small break and went back to our hometown, we both fell madly back in love with each other. It was as if all the pain and fighting melted away. She'd always say "I just want to make you happy from now on"

So she came back and we were happy. I was happy to have her close to me again. I was happy to be with her. Tension broke when one of our mutual friends from home invited us to a new years party. Our friend claimed that nothing would be better than if we all got together and drank and enjoyed new years. This got me incredibly scared. I don't want to drink. I don't want to see my friends drunk. I definitely don't want to see my girlfriend drunk. I talked it over with my girlfriend and after a serious panic attack, my girlfriend said it was ok if we didn't went. During the talking she got scared and confessed that at the last party she was at, she took a few shots even after she said she wouldn't drink. She said she drank because she was angry. I had a flood of emotions hit me. I felt sad, disappointed, angry, betrayed, and other stuff too. It hit me really hard. We ended the break on a high note, but I felt like things had changed from that point.

After break, her cross country season was over. She didn't go to parties anymore and my depression went away. Instead, I became extremely anxious. Whenever she'd be with her friends, i was anxious. I had realized that my self worth has always been very poor. Whenever she would hang out with friends, I'd always feel inferior as if I didn't bring the same traits that her friends brought to the table. I had things she liked, but her friends had things too that I couldn't be. I hated that feeling. Her friends run in cross country? I can't do that. I don't want her to be with those friends. I knew I was being controlling and that is bad, but at the same time, I still wanted to be controlling. I still do that and I'm conflicted.

Cut to now, the same issue persists and it has only gotten worse. I become anxious over everything. Just a couple hours ago, we got into a fight because she said she was going to cut her hair shorter than she's ever gotten it and I had an anxiety attack. I wouldn't get to experience it like her friends over there will. When I see it, it won't be the same. She said that she felt like she was walking of thin glass. Anything could trigger me and that I'm still controlling. 

I tried to ease over the fight and pointed out our differences. I said I was willing to give up my happiness to make someone else happy. That's just the type of person I am. She's the type of person who needs to feel self worth. That's just the type of person she is. I have to accept that. I'm starting to understand the things I need to do to overcome my anxieties, but anxiety itself is stopping progression from happening. I want to be a better boyfriend for my girlfriend but nothings working. In a few weeks, I'll be driving down to spend our one year anniversary and my 18th birthday with her. It'll be my first time there. My intent is have most if not all of my attention on her because I want I love her and the time we spend together(physically) is some of the best time I can have. Today she said she was scared because it might make me hate her friends. That I might actually see who I'm against in this one man competition that I hold in my head against everyone. I tried reassuring her that I am only coming with the intent to see her. I'll say hi to her friends, but I don't want them coming inbetween us. That last sentence made me painfully self aware of my anxiety, although i already know how bad it is.

We both want this relationship to work and she keeps telling me that we just have to make it to summer break where we won't be apart and fights won't happen as much. I'm hoping for that too, but I'm afraid the same thing will happen next school year.

She tells me that things will change when I experience college and I'll understand. I don't really believe that because in college, I'm going to become a bookworm who only makes a few friends and I won't party or drink. We'll have different college experiences and I know that for a fact.

I'm scared right now. I don't know what to do. I want to drop all of this anxiety and just say that things will become better and actually believe it. We both really want the relationship to work because as I've said, the time we spend together(physically) is the best and we fall madly in love with each other again. I don't know what to do Reddit. Please Help

TLDR: I have grown really bad anxiety while my girlfriend went away for college. I'm scared, my girlfriend is scared, and nothing has worked.

Summary:
I don't want her to be with those friends.
I was happy to be with her.
I don't want to drink.
I don't know what to do.
I don't want to see my friends drunk.
I was happy to have her close to me again.
I had things she liked, but her friends had things too that I couldn't be.
I got scared and said ok again and that I'll stop myself from being controlling.
I wouldn't get to experience it like her friends over there will.
It scared me so much.
I want to be a better boyfriend for my girlfriend but nothings working.
Another fight came when there was a party and she felt that I was too controlling too.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
