Original Response:
I'm sorry, but this is going to be very very long, because this encompasses a problem I have been having for four years and I am going to try to explain it the best I can. 

I was officially diagnosed with OCD about a year ago, but I have had the same compulsions for about three or four years. My OCD presented with different but more minor compulsions when I was younger, which has made this even more frustrating. I was offered medication to help suppress my compulsions during stressful times, but I don't have medical insurance and don't plan on accepting the prescription until I am stable enough to get an insurance plan. 

The symptoms themselves revolve around food. I have a crippling revulsion to solid fat and a small range of other textures. If I consume it or even think I consumed it, I'll get severely nauseated, no longer be able to eat, and sometimes throw up if the exposure is too large. Then, for up to four days, every time I eat I'll have intrusive thoughts about the exposure which brings the nausea back and sometimes keeps me from eating unless I'm eating extremely 'safe' foods. All this has led to other compulsions such as picking apart my food and not being able to eat in the dark since I can't see my food. 

Even though this sounds really dramatic, I have actually become very well versed in what foods are 'safe' for me and don't set off any of my compulsions. I also know what foods to avoid completely. I cannot stomach ground beef, sausages, or casseroles in the least. Red meat is the biggest problem food, but I know the restaurants in my area that are good about serving lean meat and can still eat well cleaned red meat. The recent rise in vegetarian and vegan options has actually been amazing for me since knowing they don't have any solid fat has made eating those options effortless. 

The only thing I ask out of my relationships when it comes to food is that when we go out that we don't go out to joints that focus on my super big problem foods like hamburgers or sausage. Burger joint with an expanded menu so I can avoid a burger? Great! Burger joint that serves half a wilted head of lettuce with ranch as a 'vegetarian option'? Please no. We live in an area that has a great range of food and there is really only one restaurant that I dislike. One of my friends loves to have poolside cook outs, and I usually just ask that he throws some cheap hot dogs on the grill with the burgers. (Cheap hot dogs are so much blended crap that they don't have any real texture, and I love it.) It doesn't make me angry when someone forgets, because it is way too much for one person to remember, and am used to politely declining food when I know I can't eat it or suggesting another restaurant when I know there is going to be a problem. 

Despite this, since my compulsions have started, I have constantly butted heads with people over my OCD. The first major problem is that some of my friends have watched way too much of 'my strange addiction' and think that if I just face my fears and just eat it, I'll be cured. When I try to explain that I would probably have major health problems if I try that, they dismiss me as not really wanting help.

 The second problem has been people just straight up not believing me. People have challenged me repeatedly calling me a fake because I eat something related to a problem food, like how I can eat cheap hot dogs but not sausage dogs and I can eat beef at Asian places (cook much leaner) and not American places (fat is flavor, apparently). 

Another major problem has been people monitoring my health. I had a run in with anemia and too much weight loss when the compulsions first started because I didn't know how to control them well initially. The people who were in my life then have become convinced that me not eating my problem foods is going to rocket me straight back to that point. I am now a healthy weight with no health problems, but I still get a million comments of "if you don't eat more steaks and burgers you are going to be anemic" or "if you eat like a vegetarian so much you'll get malnourished." These people like to bring me to my problem restaurants or cook me my problem foods 'for my own good.'

My boyfriend is amazing, but he is stuck in this mindset that no one can live without red meat and is constantly hounding me when I choose an alternate protein for my meals. He is also a burger fanatic and is obsessed with the one restaurant I can't stand. I literally cannot eat anything there. The problem is, I tried a hot dog from there once and tried to force myself through it so we could eat at his favorite restaurant together, but I could only eat half of it before my nausea won the battle. He saw this, and can't be convinced that I can't eat the hot dogs from there because I tried it once. There is a chinese place across the street that I can eat at perfectly fine, but if I suggest I get a separate meal than him he says that it just isn't the same and will concede to eat somewhere else. So I feel like I hold him back from eating at this place. 

In the end, out of everyone in my life, including my parents, I only have one person who I feel completely safe eating around. Everyone else, I know is going to comment, accuse, or get irrationally angry if I have to eat around my OCD. It is making me extremely self conscious and means that I have been refusing to eat out or in people's homes in lieu of just cooking myself something before an event to avoid problems. 

The problem is, eating around my OCD is so normal for me, I don't know if I am just being delusional and I really shouldn't expect the concessions I get for my OCD, especially since I chose not to medicate, even though I don't know if the compulsions would be completely repressed by medication or not. 

So I don't know where to go from here anymore.

TL;DR
OCD causes me to have to avoid certain foods to not trigger my compulsions, but my friends and family think I'm faking, think I'm not getting the right treatment, or that I'm harming my health by avoiding certain foods. So I no longer want to eat with people to avoid comments, accusations, or people forcing to eat my problem foods.

Summary:
I also know what foods to avoid completely.
So I don't know where to go from here anymore.
The people who were in my life then have become convinced that me not eating my problem foods is going to rocket me straight back to that point.
Another major problem has been people monitoring my health.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
