Original Response:
Slightly lengthy, sorry, but would appreciate thoughts.  The short version is that the girl I've been dating for four months seems to want me to just be around until she figures out her identity and what she wants in life and in a relationship.

I have been going out with my GF for four months now, but met her two months before that.  Just after we met, I left the area for 2 months.  We kept in touch and were a bit in love from those exchanges.  During that time, she expressed concern about moving too quickly with things, which I understand, but feel that we were not moving quickly.  I'll try to elaborate on that below.  So I come back and we start dating, and things are pretty good.  She has a very well established group of friends here and I knew it would be difficult to mesh with them, but I really like her so it is worth it.

A problem we have already talked about together and (hopefully!) addressed is that I feel like she gives her group of friends much more attention than she gives me.  So while they organize outings and events together, I generally get invitations from her to come over after work to hang out, which generally meant driving a good distance after working for ten to twelve hours.  I really like seeing her, but it just feels like I get no real effort from her in terms of being together.  As I said, though, we have talked about this.

What caused that to sort of come to a head was that she has been continually trying to establish a friendship with an ex-boyfriend that still seems to have strong feelings for her.  This has included telling me not to touch her at one show just in case he was there and going to his birthday party while explicitly disallowing me to come along.  She has also gone on a few outings with him during this time.  Last week, however, after another spate of hanging out after work, she told me how she was going out to dinner with him to some restaurant.  She claims she is just trying to keep him in her life, which I do believe, but also which I have told her is disconcerting to me given the fact that it seemed to have been an emotionally controlling relationship for her, and might still be.  But I really am in love with her so I have been as patient as I can be with all of this even as it has gotten me thinking about whether she wants to be with me or not, but then the other day we fell into another argument about smoking.

We were talking at lunch and she mentioned something about smoking as she used to smoke years ago.  I told her that if she started again I'd break up with her as I didn't really want to be in a relationship with somebody that had such little regard for their health.  She then asked about her smoking other people's cigarettes once in awhile and I told her I'd probably have a hard time with that as it could easily restart her addiction.  Her response was that it was her choice and I had no right to tell her what she could or couldn't do, which is fair enough, but my reaction to that was that if she was in a relationship, then doing something that could seriously jeopardize her health would absolutely be something I should have a say in.

So as /r/relationships always advises, we talked about that and agreed that while my ideas weren't totally invalid, my direct approach in stating them made her very defensive.  She eventually said that my statement about her not smoking was a case of moving too quickly.

So we talked and sort of reached a state of harmony again, but I've been left wondering if this girl actually wants to be in a relationship.  More to the point, I feel like her reliance on her ex-boyfriend (I think they broke up a year ago or so, but I'm not positive), and her strong need to be connected to the social scene are about her trying to find her own identity, and if that is the case, is that something that can happen at the same time one is trying to build a relationship?  I have other questions about all of it, but I think that is the big one especially since I asked her what she wants from a relationship, and she told me that she really didn't know.

It is particularly confusing to me as she always invites me over (even if to just hang out), she has given me a key to her house, and has invited me now to two destination weddings, both to meet her family.  So I know I need to talk to her about this, that is a given, but my question to anybody who has read this far is: what should I say and how I should say it?

Thanks so much for taking the time to read this far.  Also, I realize that this might be vague at points, so I'd be happy to elaborate on any points that are unclear.

**TL;DR My GF seems to be trying to figure out her own identity while she is trying to be in a relationship with me, and I think it is really affecting things for us.**

UPDATE: Thanks for the thoughts. I asked her about all of this last night, and while she assured me she really doesn't want to be in a relationship with her ex-boyfriend, she couldn't really say if she wanted to be in ANY relationship either. So we decided that she really needed to think about what she wants, and hopefully we'll be able to talk about it tonight, but who can say? I'll give her a bit of time, but in line with your comments, I do not feel like it is going to go anywhere good. Thanks again.

Summary:
So we decided that she really needed to think about what she wants, and hopefully we'll be able to talk about it tonight, but who can say?
So I come back and we start dating, and things are pretty good.
She has also gone on a few outings with him during this time.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.02
