Original Response:
Hi. 21f here. When I was young my mother was both physically and emotionally abusive. I won't go into detail about it unless it's necessary but honestly, the details of it are not what matters at this point. It happened for years on end and that's what matters. My relationship with my mother has improved significantly over the past few years since I moved out and went to college. The problem is that she refuses to acknowledge anything ever happened.


I've done a lot of thinking on it the past month or so and I've come to the conclusion that I need to confront her about this for many reasons.

1) The only thing keeping me from truly forgiving her and moving on is the fact that she refuses to acknowledge it. It feels like a slap in the face every time she talks about what a wonderful parent she was and how she's so proud she raised me right.

2) My mother needs to deal with her own trauma and resulting anger issues. Abuse is a vicious cycle and my mother is the perfect example of that. Her father abused her badly as a child, hurt her worse than she ever did me. And her mother stood by him and covered up for him when necessary. She has a lot of pent up anger issues because of this and I believe it is the majority of the reason she was abusive when I was a child. She never did it with malicious intent. She always just "snapped" and went into a blind rage then afterward pretended like nothing happened. I think that confronting her and forcing her into therapy would be good for her in the long run, as she needs to resolve her own issues.

3) My mother has been talking about wanting grandchildren a lot lately, and although I do not even remotely want children anytime soon it has gotten me thinking. In the event that I do have children at some point in the future, I would not trust her to be alone with them if she has not dealt with her issues. Her reaction to a video about spanking statistics has only solidified my decision on this one. She became very defensive of her discipline methods when I was younger and straight up told me that I was never abused. She really needs to understand why what she did was not ok and why she still needs to come to terms with it.

4) Preventing the cycle from continuing. I do not worry very much about myself repeating the pattern as I have never had the anger issues that my mother did over it. I felt guilt and self-hatred, not anger. What does bother me is how it affected my little brother. He was a couple of years younger than me so I don't know how much he remembers but I know he was abused as well. Not as badly as I was, (I got it for him a lot of the time because I was older), but it still affected him. He has anger issues. When he gets angry, he punches things. He once told me that he got a punching bag, not because he liked boxing, but so that he could take out his anger on an inanimate object instead of a person. I am afraid this cycle could repeat itself with him if we ignore the problem and pretend like it isn't there.


For these reasons, I feel what I'm doing is the right thing. I spoke to my grandmother last night, I confided in her when I was a child, and told her about my plan. I need someone in the family to back me up and be there for support. She supports me whole-heartedly and even shed some more light on the situation when I was younger. I had forgotten a lot more than I had thought. Apparently, my grandmother was so concerned that she kept records, journal entries so to speak, of instances that I came to her about. There were many with the majority of them taking place from 1999-2001. From about ages 8-11. My mother was confronted about this once before, when I was 9 or 10. My grandmother became concerned and told my father. He worked swing shifts and was at work or asleep a lot so my father was generally clueless as to what was going on. He confronted her about it and she convinced him that nothing was happening. I remember them sitting me down to talk about it. I remember my mother crying and asking me how I could accuse her of something like that and how she loved me so much and she would never hurt me. I also remember them telling me that I couldn't go around telling people things like that because it could send mommy to jail. I think that bit of information was an attempt at keeping me from talking to my grandmother about it. This won't happen again. I'm not a child anymore and I won't be intimidated or guilted into staying silent. This needs to be addressed.


I want my mother (if not my entire family) to seek counseling for this. I am willing to do group therapy with my mother. I do not want it to seem like I am just throwing her under the bus and telling her to fix it. I think it would be beneficial to join a program that has you meet with a psychologist separately and then have you come together to work out your issues in a mediated fashion. I want her to know that I am not abandoning her and that we can get through this together. What she did was wrong, and there is no excuse for that, but I still love her and forgive her and I just want to finally reach some sort of closure and peace.


I really do believe that I'm doing the right thing but it won't be easy, and I do have my doubts. There is the possibility that this will go horribly awry. Having to face what she's done will break her. She always swore she would never put her children through what she went through, but she did. Because of this, I believe she is in deep denial and it will take a lot of coaxing to bring her out of it. I'm also aware that she could essentially disown me and it would tear our family apart. I don't want that to happen and thinking about that possibility makes me feel selfish for needing this but I feel I have good reasons.


So my question is, do you think I am doing the right thing? I think so but I am so uncertain. This will change everything. And if it is the right thing, how am I supposed to look my mother in the eye and tell her "You abused me. I need you to get help"? Any sort of encouragement or advice you could offer would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading.

TL;DR: Mother was physically and emotionally abusive to my little brother and I when we were younger. I want to confront her about it and get her to seek therapy for her own issues. Am I doing the right thing?

Summary:
Am I doing the right thing?
I want to confront her about it and get her to seek therapy for her own issues.
I need you to get help"?
I think so but I am so uncertain.
For these reasons, I feel what I'm doing is the right thing.
So my question is, do you think I am doing the right thing?
I remember them sitting me down to talk about it.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
