Original Response:
Ok first off I want to say sorry as this is going to be a long one.

I am in the military, currently deployed to the middle eastern area of reponsibility. I have been deployed for 5 months now with another 5 months to go. I am having trouble with my wife. She wont talk to me, and I dont know why.

The first 3 months I was gone, she was fine. Everything was fine, and normal. She answered the phone when I called, and emailed me back every time I emailed her. Then literally overnight, she changed... something happened or something maybe, I don’t know what, but she went from being normal and talking to me almost daily to being unresponsive, cold, and heartless :( And that’s the way its been the last 2 months now.

She started screening my calls, not answering, and when I asked why she wasnt answering any more, she told me that I was less important than anything she is doing and that unless she isnt busy she isnt going to answe the phone anymore.

Then she started ignoring my emails, and responding with one word answers to everything like she doesn’t want to talk to me... She hasn’t given me more than "one word answer" conversation killers in over a month now. 

The last time I called her, about 3 weeks ago, after trying to get her to talk with me for 20 min and her not saying anything, I decided to talk about myself, and share what I had been up to recently, thinking that would possibly spark some conversation. She immediately interrupted me with "I really don’t give a shit about anything that youre doing out there," then said, "so, unless you have something important to say, i'm gonna go." Thus ended our last phone call. I have tried talking to her about it on multiple occasions, and she doesn’t even answer me. Then it gets worse.

A week later I brought it up again, for the 3rd or 4th time, that I didn’t understand why she wouldn’t talk to me and why she killed every attempt I made at conversation, and she threatened to leave me! She said "I am so tired of hearing about this and if you bring it up again I am going to leave you. I am not kidding, if you aren’t more understanding towards me, im gone."

First off... What the fuck. Second off... What the fuck :( She literally threatened to leave me for asking her to converse with me! Then she had the nerve to say I am not understanding towards her!

I email her, every day, asking her how she is. What she is doing, how she's feeling. I ask her every morning if she slept well, and tell her sweet dreams every single night, and even tho she doesn’t respond 90% of the time and when she does its only a one word answer, I still ask her how her day was, every single day. Guess when the last time she asked me how I was? When the last time she asked me how MY day was? Not once since I left for deployment. In fact she made it quite clear now that she "doesn’t really give a shit about anything I am doing" in the last phone call I made to her. But I STILL make sure to ask HER. Every single day. And she has the nerve to tell me I am not being understanding enough with her... 

She doesn’t even tell me she loves me anymore. I tell her every night before I go to bed that I love her very much and I miss her. Most of the time she doesn’t even respond. About a quarter of the time I get "okay" as a response. And occasionally she goes as far as to reply with "whatever" after I tell her I love her.

I don’t understand what I ever did to warrant this kind of treatment from her... All I have done is poured out my love and kindness to her. Given her anything she ever wants. And I get treated like this? I don’t understand why. And I cant even ask her, I cant talk to her about any of this because last time I tried to she threatened to leave me if I ever brought it up again. I am so lost and distraught, its eating away at me.

What can I do? I am scared to talk to HER about it because of her threat to leave me, but I cant go 5 more months like this! She is killing our marriage and I dont know why, and I desperately need advice on what to do here and how I can help remedy this situation. If you have any suggestions please... help

tl;dr I am in the military, currently deployed, and my wife has stopped communicating with me for reasons I cannot comprehend.

Edit: To answer some questions asked. 

We already have seperate accounts and I give her an allowance that she can use for whatever she wants. All the bills are set up as allotments out of my pay check. The rest goes into my savings account. So, me getting financially screwed, thankfully, isnt possible.

As for if there was something she could have "found out"... Certainly not. A little more back story perhaps, I grew up her. She was the girl next door, literally. I have known her since I was 9 years old. We both have been best friends since I moved into the neighborhood, started dating in high school, and got married 2 years ago. So, basically... She knows everything about me, I have never kept anything from her. I dont know if I could say the same about her, but I would like to think so.

Edit 2: The best advice I have recieved so far is to talk to a third party, friend, relative, etc and try and figure out what is going on that way... Fortunatly my sister lives down the road and hangs out with her regularly, I think I will try and ask my sister if she knows anything. I havnt talked about this to anyone, and I was really wanting to avoid that option as the last thing I need would be "your talking behind my back??" added on to everything. But I will ask my sister if she can talk to my wife, and not tell her I told her anything.

Edit 3: I decided to knuckle down and man up about it and send her an extremely lengthy email laying at all out... Everything I feel, everything she has done to me emotionally, and layed out all the possible reasons I see for her behavior. After much thought I had decided... If she was serious about leaving me for bringing things up again, then she no longer values our marriage so it wouldnt matter anyway and I have nothing to lose. But if she was throwing an empty threat, this could mean a breakthrough. So, the deed has been done, the email sent, I am awaiting her reply. I will post an update on her response, if she even responds at all.

Edit 4: Update. So, after the extremely long email I sent her, she ignored it for 2 days. The her reply to it was to give me the "I miss you so much and I cant wait until you are back" treatment... So in other words, she is avoiding the confrontation, but possibly has taken everything I said to heart?... I am still unsure. But that is more than she has said to me in over a month, so... If this is the beginning of things getting turned around and she continues to treat me like she cares from now on, we shouldnt have a problem, but we will see. I asked her if she was going to avoid the email I sent her, and her response to that was to tell me how she cant wait for me to be home and do the gardening in the back yard with her... So I took that as a yes, she does intend to avoid my confrontation.

Summary:
I email her, every day, asking her how she is.
Guess when the last time she asked me how I was?
She wont talk to me, and I dont know why.
And I get treated like this?
She answered the phone when I called, and emailed me back every time I emailed her.
I have been deployed for 5 months now with another 5 months to go.
Then she had the nerve to say I am not understanding towards her!

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
