Original Response:
Some family background: I haven't had the worst childhood, but there was a LOT lacking. My parents smoked weed for as long as I can remember, and if they had no stash they would break things and scream and the fights would last for days. They didn't care what we did as long as they were in their bedroom getting high. We moved house constantly - I think I've lived in 15 - 20 different houses. It was mostly due to my dad's job as an insulation engineer; he had to go where the work was, and was often unemployed for months at a time. My sister and I were hit as kids, but it stopped after a certain age. He never hit my mother. I was bullied a lot by my dad for being the "fat one", and whenever I am around him I still feel intimidated and waiting for the next insult.

Just after I finished school, after 10 years of living in the one house, I was given two days notice that we were moving from Ireland to Scotland. I screamed and cried and didn't want to go, but I had no choice. Once we were there, we were homeless, and ended up in a council flat a few weeks later. I had no friends, job, qualifications, money for college - I had no life. So I decided to move back to Ireland 6 months later. My dad, who had been taking all the money I was receiving from social welfare, told me since I wasn't giving him all my money I was no longer a part of the family. They stopped feeding me. Dinners were cooked, and I was left out. I lived off of noodles and microwavable meals that cost 1 pound. I got away from that toxic house, even though I was homeless and broke and starving for about a year afterwards. I now live in Ireland still, in my own little rented house. I have a college qualification and a really great job. 

My sister, however, stayed with my parents. She is much more fiery than I am, she is the worst person to argue with because she will have your ass handed to you before you can even think of a comeback, and she's always been able to stand up for herself, and stand up to Dad. She has had her own life over there all these years, and I never worried much about her, because she can handle herself. 

I went home every year for Christmas, and it was always fine. If my dad was working we'd get lots of presents, if he wasn't, we'd still get a huge Christmas dinner and watch movies and I always liked being at home. I felt I got on better with my parents now that I was living away from them.

Last Christmas, 2015 just gone, was a different story. My dad had changed, very noticeably. All of a sudden, he was super quick to anger - the slightest comment would have him shouting, calling us all the C word, and he is so intimidating when he's angry. He sat me down on my second day there, and began to tell me what he had been researching and what he now believed. Every batshit conspiracy theory you've ever read about - that was his new belief. The Earth was flat. Aliens, Illuminati, dinosaurs walked with man... he was passionate that it was all real. Then he started telling me about the Lizard People, and of course, I laughed, because it's ridiculous. He screamed at me, and did this typical thing he does where he screams at my mother too because I'm so stupid and thick and I couldn't possibly understand his thinking and I wasn't raised right etc etc. My mother told me later in private to just listen to what he had to say and not react, because she had to hear about it too. She was clearly in complete denial. There is obviously something wrong with him, because it's fine to believe in aliens or the odd conspiracy but to passionately believe the Earth is flat and Lizard People are real to the point you get angry about anyone disagreeing with you... it didn't sit right with me. He was angry and hostile all Christmas, and forced me to watch 30 minute YouTube videos on the latest thing he believed, and watched me as I waited for them to end. I cried a lot at night when they were all gone to bed, and asked my sister when it started happening. It was after he was unemployed for a long length of time, and started doing a lot of weed again. I'm not sure whether it's the drugs making him angry and paranoid, or whether he is actually mentally unstable. Maybe both.

So I need advice on what happened yesterday. My sister rang me to tell me Dad attacked her. She's been working two jobs and he's been collecting her after her shift from both of them. Last night he went to the wrong workplace to collect her, and didn't have his phone. She waited for 40 minutes for him and eventually walked home in the rain. So naturally, when they both confronted each other at home, they were both irritated by the mix up. But my dad snapped, and grabbed her by the arms and face and hit her off the wall. My mother did nothing but scream at him to stop. My sister went up to her room to ring me and she was crying, and at one point my mother came in to tell her dinner was in the microwave and "was she ok." 

I don't think any of this is "ok". I feel sorry for my mother because my dad has been her whole life for 26 years and maybe she doesn't want to believe it, but he is a toxic, unstable, mentally, emotionally and now violently abusive man. She sticks up for him, never confronts him, and just listens when he rants and raves at her for all our failures. 

He's the failure. Because of how he treated us, I had to survive eating disorders, homelessness and poverty, and my sister self harmed and needed to go on antidepressants. 

I've made the decision that I am not going home ever again. I don't want to know my parents, I have had enough. Of all the horrible things they have done in the past, this has pushed me over the line. I have never confronted them about anything, never called them out on any wrongdoing, but I can't sit back and hear that my 21 year old adult sister was attacked and pretend my dad is justified in his actions. My sister was planning to spend the summer in Tenerife and is leaving in 2 months, and now she is planning to stay there permanently. I'm afraid for her safety, so I've decided not to confront my parents until after she has left. 

I want to ask my aunt (mother's side) for advice, but I'm afraid it could get back to my parents and my sister would take the hit for it. I want to explain to my mother that if a change is not made and my dad is not dealt with that she will lose both her daughters. But I love her so much, and I can't understand why she is letting this all happen. I don't know what to do. I've lived without my parents for 6 years now, but the idea of cutting them off completely is scary. I know my sister is scared too. 

Should I contact my aunt? Is it best to wait until my sister has left the country? Should I even confront my mother, because what if my dad targets her next?

TLDR: My mentally unstable dad attacked my adult sister, and I'm afraid to ask for advice from my aunt in case it backfires and my sister ends up in more danger. I'm afraid to confront my mother too, for the same reason.

Summary:
I don't know what to do.
He never hit my mother.
I know my sister is scared too.
My sister rang me to tell me Dad attacked her.
My dad had changed, very noticeably.
Should I even confront my mother, because what if my dad targets her next?
I went home every year for Christmas, and it was always fine.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
