Original Response:
I'm going to apologize ahead of time for the wall of text. This entire situation is so convoluted, it may take some serious explanation. 

I work in a small, closely knit office. Over time I've slowly been accepted as "one of the guys". We work together. We party together. We take care of each other. Most of these guys are much older than myself (23, F), except for one (26, M). He and I, being the youngest of the group, forged our own friendship. Naturally, being members of the opposite sex, that friendship was dripping with sexual tension, and we succumbed to it. 

At first, that was fine. We made it explicitly clear that our "relationship" was convenient for both of us (fresh out of heartbreak), and temporary. We agreed that, should either of us find someone else, we would make the other aware out of respect, as we both value monogamy. Almost 6 months later, neither of us have made any move to look for anyone else. There's this contentment we seem to share. We spend an inordinate amount of time together. I stay at his place maybe 3-4 nights a week. We cuddle. We watch shows together. I even help him clean his house and buy furniture and decorations. Every boundary we set has been crossed, save the admission that we actually care about each other. His friends tease us. Our co-workers tease us. My friends tease me. It's almost as though everyone around us has this affirmed knowledge that we are a "couple". 

This is where it starts to get tricky. He and I are very different. He's Catholic. I'm an atheist. He's your stereotypical suit and tie attorney. I'm a socially liberal girl with a penchant for loud self expression through clothing, art, literature, and music. He's born and raised upper middle class. I'm born and raised lower middle class. None of these differences interfere with our ability to have an amazing time when we are together. However, he has a very specific idea of what he thinks his future should look like. He wants to get married and have kids. He wants his kids to go to Catholic school. He wants his wife to stay at home while he works. He wants her to "fit in" at country clubs and church groups. He's looking for some virginal, delicate, religious woman to fit his dreams, and that is *not* me. I have tattoos. I read and have opinions formed outside of religious texts. I want to finish school and start a career of my own. I'm not in a rush to get married. I don't even know that I want to procreate. 

I am so comfortable around him, and I feel like it's the same for him. He goes out of his way to help me, take care of me, and express affection for me. He really goes above and beyond the call for a friend with benefits. I can tell he cares more than he's letting on. His friends and family seem to see it (who introduces a friend with benefits to their family?), but he denies it.

Every once in a while, when we've been getting along exceedingly well and are starting to get particularly comfortable, he will remind me that I shouldn't get too close and that our arrangement is temporary. Normally, I'd heed the advice and distance myself. But what he *says* and how he *acts* are completely different. I'm starting to think that maybe he isn't trying to convince me and is trying to convince himself?

What's more infuriating, is I have no desire to change what we are. I'm happy this way. I enjoy the time I spend with him and I know he feels the same. I'm not pushing for anything. I don't need him to ask to be my boyfriend (just picturing the conversation makes the whole thing seem childish). I'm not trying to "take it to the next level". I'm just truly content (I know I've used the word already, but I can't think of a more perfect description of the feeling) with whatever it is we have. I get resentful of his "warnings", because I know they aren't for me. They're for himself. It's almost as though he can't just let himself be happy. I spend every day waiting for him to drop the bomb that he has found someone else to date and when I think about that, I start to think that maybe his warnings aren't so much about protecting me from being hurt when he goes, and are more about absolving himself of the guilt of hurting someone he cares about and doesn't want to (care about, that is). I don't understand what it is about me that he is so scared of liking. 

I stick around because I'm happy around him. I feel like myself, and it's refreshing. I figure he will eventually feel as though he *has* to go find someone new, and that's going to hurt me regardless of whether or not he warned me. I can't help but be happy around him and if he finds someone else, that happiness is going to be gone. That's not to say I won't find it somewhere else or I'll never be happy again (how dramatic!). I just know I would be less than thrilled to hear he had moved on, because I'm slowly developing feelings for him. How could I not? I like him as a person. I like our differences. He challenges me and I respect that so much. 

I'm lost. Do I take him at his word and head for the hills? Or do I trust my gut and enjoy this? He treats me like someone he cares deeply for. And, although we have our differences, our other goals and hopes align. I feel like he cares, but doesn't think he is supposed to. I guess I just need an outside opinion. I need to hear anything that makes this more clear so I can figure out whatever it is I need to be doing. I feel like I'm walking in circles...

**TLDR; FWB relationship has become visibly emotional for both parties, but one consistently verbally denies it, leading to utter confusion**

Summary:
He and I are very different.
We take care of each other.
I feel like myself, and it's refreshing.
I like him as a person.
I can tell he cares more than he's letting on.
I feel like he cares, but doesn't think he is supposed to.
I am so comfortable around him, and I feel like it's the same for him.
I stick around because I'm happy around him.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
