Original Response:
I'm 15 M, she's 15 F but almost 16.  We've been together for almost half a year.  Other than me fapping to hentai, we both think it's a very healthy relationship (I haven't gotten the balls to talk to her or my parents about it, reasons later in the post.)  It's my first relationship and I do not want it ruined because of this.

I have had ENOUGH with hentai, and with porn in general.  I've always liked anime, but I never thought it would go this far.  Near the end of freshman year in high school, I started looking up "sexy anime girls" on youtube (no idea why, guessing puberty), and eventually learned how to fap.  It escalated when I discovered the hentai site "Fakku,"  and now (halfway thru sophomore year) I sometimes fap for nights on end and "talk" to the girls in the hentai manga and doujins (I love you, you feel so good, shit like that), I know all these pervy sex terms that I know I could do without, and I think I'm becoming a pervert against my will.

Started a relationship with a long time friend from middle school this fall, at this time the hentai was present but not prominent.  I had been fapping at night sometimes into a contraption that I could fit my dick into that was made out of paper towels.  Also at this point, didn't realize it was bad.  Was working with video game/internet addiction that came back to haunt me from middle school.

TL;DR I want to stop fapping to hentai.  I started looking at sey anime girls then started fapping in freshman year of high school.

So then it starts to escalate, and I read this Wikipedia article that says  porn and fapping are both sins in the Catholic church (guess what I am?).  So I try to stop and fail.

Fast forward a week, and I start to see myself glancing at girls other than my GF who are  sometimes more attractive than her (I don't actually care, cause if I don't love my GF, I have the closest possible thing; I don't care about how hot she is).  I think it's because of the hentai (and a little bit of real porn) I've viewed.  I even started to have these weird-arse fantasies about random girls which I didn't want to have.  Thank God I've done nothing but glance; I haven't approached any of these girls or tried to flirt with them, since most of them were either taken, not friends with me, or both.

I am perfectly happy with the relationship I have other than the hentai; my GF is really nice, is willing to talk and listen, we have a common interest in music (she sings and I play ukulele), and gives a good amount of hugs and the occasional kiss.  We've already set a boundary of nothing beyond first base, and I want it to stay that way unless I get married to her.

TL;DR My fapping level escalated, and I started looking at other girls' body parts.  I don't want this because I am very happy with my relationship other than the hentai.

As I am a Catholic, I went to Reconciliation for it (and cryed my eyes out like I usually do when I admit something serious), but I only survived without the hentai for four days before I started fapping again.  Even in those four days, I still found myself glancing at random girls.  I feel horrible about what I've done and want to do all I can to erase it, but I know I can't.  So I want to stop.

Problem is, I've never been good with willpower.  I previously mentioned a video game/Internet addiction (I sometimes still struggle with that today), and when I told myself not to play games, this little voice inside of me went and told me how fun it would be to beat that one boss in Zelda or Pokemon.  A similar thing happens to me with hentai.

After staying up till midnight or so fapping into my bed, I wake up the next morning feeling really friggin' tired and tell myself something akin to, "Shit.  Why the hell did I do that?  I have to stop."  During school, whenever I feel myself glance at a girl, I look away and say, "No.  Don't do that.  You have a GF already."  Night comes.  I figure out that I can sneak my iPod touch off my dad's desk (he keeps it because of my old gaming addiction), and think about fapping.  I know in my heart that I don't want to, but something draws me towards it.  So, being the horny teenager that I can be, I download the Google search app so Fakku won't appear in his website blocker/ site history showing thing, and off I go to fap.  As soon as I come, I know I shouldn't have done it and feel like shit.  The cycle starts again.

TL;DR I am Catholic.  I went to Reconciliation but it didn't stop what was now becoming an addiction. I'm stuck in a neverending cycle of fapping, then feeling guilty, then trying not to fap but fapping anyway.

I don't know what the hell draws me to hentai now that I have a GF.  I want it out of my life as completely as possible, but I'm really afraid to tell anyone other than the priest at confession.  

When I tried to explain to my dad my video game addiction, he battered me with questions before I could finish explaining everything.  I went through the cylce of addiction to gaming several times, and although he got less and less angry, he still battered me with questions before I could finish explaining.  I don't want that to happen with hentai; I think the reason my video game addiction repeated itself so many times was because I didn't get to tell him the whole story.  The last time I tried to explain to him and told him to wait till I was finished explaining, he battered me with questions anyway.

TL;DR My dad doesn't let me explain the whole story when I admit stuff to him, so I'm afraid to tell him and/or my GF.

I feel like I don't deserve to be my GF's SO anymore, but I'm afraid to tell her, too; I don't know what her reaction will be.  She is really nice, but there are still quite a few parts of her that I don't know about.

The worst part is that my addiction is starting to affect other parts of my life, parts that I really care about.  Of course, there's my girlfriend.  But there's also my passion for the ukulele, my love of running, and my grades in school.

Don't tell me that porn and fapping are okay because everybody does it.  I don't care if I'm the only male in the world not fapping, I WANT IT TO STOP.

TL;DR I feel crappy about my addiction and it's starting to affect other parts of my life.  I want it to stop.

So finally, my questions to you, Reddit.  First, how the hell to I control my perverted sexual urges and not look at hentai or porn anymore?  If I have to, how do I break it to my GF and/or my dad?

Any help that anyone can give would recieve my infinite gratitude.  Seriously.

TL;DR I'm addicted to hentai but I have a girlfriend.  I'm afraid to tell my parents and/or GF.  Don't want it to ruin relationship/life.  Please help!

EDIT: Told my GF.  She was kinda mad and sad, but she wants to support me in any way she can.  Joined /r/NoFap.  Feeling a bit better about myself.  Thank you so much psycam, it's a big help so far.  Thanks to everyone for your comments.

Summary:
I want it to stop.
TL;DR I want to stop fapping to hentai.
So I want to stop.
TL;DR I'm addicted to hentai but I have a girlfriend.
I don't want this because I am very happy with my relationship other than the hentai.
It's my first relationship and I do not want it ruined because of this.
So I try to stop and fail.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
