Original Response:
Hi everyone,

I posted something over on /r/alanon to get some specific advice about dealing with my ex/father of my child and my father who are both alcoholics. I'm here at /r/relationships to ask about how I can effectively parent with my narcissist/BPD alcoholic ex and his new wife?

Just to give some brief context, my ex (let's call him Juan) and I dated for five years, although toward the end we were very on-and-off due to his cheating and drinking. There was one woman in particular who he cheated on me with multiple times. Let's call her Marlena.

Our final breakup happened when Juan and I about a month before we were about to move 5 hours away from our family/hometown so that I could start graduate school. Juan and I had already signed a lease together, and I was so excited that we would finally be a "family" with Juan and our son because we would finally be living together. (We both lived with our respective parents.)

Well, surprise, surprise, he was still seeing Marlena behind my back. In fact, Marlena threw him a "going away party" at Juan's sister's house (his sister is the one who eventually told me all this). Marlena paid for all the food, drinks, decorations, set everything up, etc. But when Juan's friends and family saw how Juan and Marlena were acting together, they figured out what was going on and many of them got upset because they knew Juan, me, and our son were supposed to move to our new place in one month.

Juan's sister went up to Marlena and told her that even though this mess is Juan's responsibility, that Marlena has a choice to walk away from Juan. Juan's sister told Marlena about me and our son, but Marlena already knew and she just didn't care. Juan's sister told Marlena to leave her home. Marlena did not. Juan's "homegirls" even got into a physical altercation with Marlena, calling her a "home-wrecker" and "whore," (as much as I personally dislike Marlena, I do NOT agree with these slurs) and the police were even called to break up the physical fight between Juan's homegirls and Marlena. Marlena still did not leave. She kept insisting, "But I love Juan!"

For a few days after the party, Juan simply did not say anything at all. He acted like everything was normal. He seemed excited about moving. He was helping me pack and prepare. We would FINALLY be a family!

About a week later, Juan's sister asked to meet with in person. She told me she felt very conflicted, but felt that I had the right to know because she knew Juan would not say anything. (Juan has repeatedly told me that he does not have a conscience, hence the narcissitic/BPD description for him in the title. Juan has caused so much havoc and chaos with his own family, but that is another story.)

We broke up for good, but after we moved to the new city, Juan, our son, and I kept spending lots of time together. We would go to the zoo, the park, the beach. He kept drinking, though, and often canceled plans, or showed up hungover, or he would pour beer into a coffee mug so that he could drink in public.

About a month ago, I found out that Juan married Marlena. In fact, Marlena had been living with Juan for several months already. They got married more recently. But this entire time, Juan simply never mentioned Marlena, his new wife. I was under the impression that she still lived in our hometown. We spent lots of time together. He would often say things like, "Oh, I'm single, I'm on the market." I would just roll my eyes and not think anything of it.

Juan and I made an agreement that we would speak with each other if either one of us starting seriously dating someone, and that we would want to meet the other person before we introduced the new partner to our child. Juan obviously did not follow this. I later found out that Juan had brought our child around Marlena and that they had already formed a relationship. In addition, my son attended their wedding WITHOUT my knowledge.

I know that aside from his alcoholism, that all this has no bearing on custody matters. I'm just struggling with how to deal with a narcissist/BDP alcoholic ex and his new wife? They have both hurt me so badly. I don't understand how either one have done the things they have done. Especially having our son attend their wedding without me knowing. Juan insists that I need to meet with Marlena because "she cares about our son so much," but it just makes my stomach churn. How am I supposed to respect two people who have disrespected me, as a mother and a woman, so badly?

tl;dr Struggling with how co-parent with narcissist/BPD alcoholic ex and his new wife?

EDIT: Just to further illustrate my ex's fuck-up-ness. One week after they were married, Juan took me to the mall to buy some household things because I recently moved apartments (I don't drive, but that is probably related to my co-dependency issues...I recently got my driver's permit so I'm already tackling that though.) After we were done at the mall, he suggested we go to dinner. "Oh, I know where I can take you." He took me to this BBQ place and we didn't finish until 11:30PM. Our son was not with us. It seemed very date-like and I was uncomfortable, but nothing physical happened. He dropped me off at my apartment and left.

Then two weeks later, Juan and I took our child to Disneyland. He picked us up at 7AM and we left around 10PM. (I still had no idea he was married at that point.) Later, I found out that he originally had made plans with his wife to take our son to Disneyland. Somehow, the wife found out that Juan and I took our child to Disneyland, and she flipped out but then the reconciled.

One week after Disneyland, Juan showed up at my apartment very, very drink at 4:30AM. He crawled into bed and passed out. (I'm sure his wife does not know about this.) I found out he was married a few days after that.

Summary:
About a month ago, I found out that Juan married Marlena.
I found out he was married a few days after that.
Juan's sister told Marlena to leave her home.
Marlena still did not leave.
We would FINALLY be a family!
Then two weeks later, Juan and I took our child to Disneyland.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
