Original Response:
I'm losing touch with reality. 

When I'm with my boyfriend, I feel content. We get into fights and it makes me anxious and he holds me till I'm calm. When we're not apart, for example, holidaying together, even though we fight, because we're in each other's presence I'm quite soothed after a while and forget about it.

When I'm away from him, I remember the things he does and think, ohmygosh something is wrong and I panic. 

I don't know which to trust. 

My boyfriend is a complicated person. He says I misunderstand and that I need to understand the whole principle of his behavior not just the surface level. To give you an example of how complicated he could get, while out for dinner, when asked casually whether he preferred country A or B, he gave a long drawn out analysis of the aspects he liked about country A but he is not sure whether he liked those individual aspects for what they are or because country B lacked them. Thus he cannot give a clear answer as to whether he actually liked those aspects of country A.

The person who asked the question looked at me and went ohmygosh you are such a good girlfriend when he was done with his answer. 

My boyfriend has anger issues. he's recently only acknowledged it and said he's working on being kinder with his words. When I'm apart from him, I would remember the trauma he has caused me. Nobody has given me this much pain and stress in the past. 

Early on, we had gotten into a fight and he pulled a suicide threat on me. I cried so hard and refused to leave his side and when he finally calmed down, he apologized for hurting me. He hasn't tried that since. Another time, he got so angry while driving after a fight he was driving dangerously and recklessly it scared the crap out of me. He didn't do it for very long though. When I tell my friends some of the words he says, they all go that's harsh. I wouldn't put up with it. There's just a lot of hurtful things he has done that nobody has ever done to me in my life. 

But when I'm with him, it's quickly forgotten. We have fun, we laugh, he's silly. Until a fight happens, I get upset, he hugs me, tells me he doesn't know what else to do, he doesn't mean to hurt me, I just don't understand his actions and principles but he has to stick by them. So the only way is to hug me to make me calm so I forget. Until I'm apart from him of course. Then my mind goes, are you sure you're okay with that? 

I've started feeling anxious a lot recently due to the things he said. He tells me to just learn to forget, I misinterpreted his intentions. He likes to point out the negative things like this guy's shoes are ugly, that person is stupid. It makes me uncomfortable after a while and when I asked him why he's so negative, he claims he sees stupid as just another human trait, he doesn't treat the person any differently or see them as less overall, why am I being negative and seeing it as a negative thing. 

I was also anxious about my body image since he keeps talking about fat people in what I feel are rude, derogatory manner (he tends to see people and describe them as, the girl with fat legs etc) When I was sick and didn't eat for a bit and told him, he said, good, eat less. When I protested the comment he said, in general people eat too much, eating less won't hurt them. He was talking in general, not referring to me specifically and after some debate apologized for being insensitive (I lost 6kg after dating him because he said [unasked] I was chubby in some parts and he didn't really dig that but he'll live with it. These weren't his exact words, but it more or less gave me the same idea. He said he didn't want to see another girl on the streets and feel like his own gf isn't as attractive to him. He didn't ask me to lose weight but I felt so pressured I did it on my own) 

I guess...if I am calm and content with him, does it mean it doesn't really matter then? That maybe those are just words said in anger or whatever and I should just forget it? That I should just not take his words seriously or feel pressured even though I'm bombarded with them? I don't know what to trust. He said, I should just let things go and forget them, just like him. He forgets the things he has said before. He says I come up with crazy conclusions from the things he says when that's not his intentions at all. He's just a critical person by nature and he'll try to say things nicer. What should I trust? I feel like my mind is split and I'm going crazy and losing touch with reality. 

Edit: I asked him before why he likes me. He says he's always struggled when people ask him that question, never seems to know how to answer it. He has come to realize he's a very critical person and will always see deficiencies in everyone and there will never be a girl who will satisfy all his requirements because it's impossible. That's why he's learned to just go for people whom he could for the most part have a partnership with. He says he's with me because he thinks he could become a nicer person around me (he admits he's not nice), we seem to get along for the most part, and well, people eventually fight anyways. And a relationship is just about two people adjusting enough to sort of make one another happy. I'm still asking myself if I'm ok with this. He seems so genuine I just can't help but be drawn to it. Blargh am I twisted myself? 

Some people say the worst part is I feel soothed. I don't know why, but I do. As soon as he's calm, he's nice again and I'm immediately soothed because I can feel he cares but my mind will start worrying about the future so I get anxious. He said he's working on being nicer with his words (he sort of is nicer nowadays) and there's nothing I can do and I don't need to do anything, I'll just have to learn to forget the things he said. I generally tend to forgive people quite easily. Am I broken or something? My siblings used to have a temper though and they taught me to not take their words of anger seriously, they just can't help it. And they learned over the years to sort of cool their anger and they've always been there for me when I need them. Maybe I'm projecting and somehow found a bf like that? 

Have you guys watched the big short? He reminds me of a mix of a few characters inside. And I suppose yes, I'm drawn to his high intellect although his behavior is shit awful. 

Edit 2: you know how when an 16 year old does certain things, you won't think he's being abusive, you just don't take him seriously and think, what an idiot? False alarm people. After a year of my anxiety, it turns out my boyfriend is just an inconsiderate man child. I don't know why I bothered to take him seriously and trusted his "intellect". He sounded so grown up and logical, got angry like a grown man. He disguised it so well. I had to dissect everything and have a long discussion to find out it's all BS. That in the end, he's just doing idiotic things without thinking the impact and what other grown up people would make of it. And he has the cheek to debate about them so self assuredly. What the...

Basically he was defending his principles, saying if I don't agree we might as well break up. That his principle is people who don't listen after several warnings should be punished and suffer their consequences or they will leech off other people and that's why he doesn't like those stupid feminists Blablabla went on and on and he gave the example of, if your friend was too lazy to make food and went hungry, they should suffer the consequence of it, otherwise they will not learn their lesson and keep leeching off you. After debating him a while, I just went, don't most people just go: are you hungry? Friend: yes... You learned your lesson yet? Friend: yes... Here you go, here's a sandwich. Why are you treating people like they're some hard prisoners to be reformed? Why are you so extreme that I can either only end up with you or some spineless doormat of a man? Have you never heard of a middle ground? 

He didn't have an answer. 

I just lost all respect for myself (for believing his thoughts had substance) and him. I'll need a while to get to grip with my new reality. 

Tldr: everyone says it's abuse. It seems like abuse description wise, I thought it was abuse. I just found out after a long talk that he has the brain of a teenage boy that he manages to disguise as adult talk, and I was fool enough to take him seriously.

Summary:
He forgets the things he has said before.
I don't know why, but I do.
I don't know which to trust.
I don't know what to trust.
He said, I should just let things go and forget them, just like him.
He didn't have an answer.
Edit: I asked him before why he likes me.
When I'm with my boyfriend, I feel content.
He didn't do it for very long though.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.14
