Original Response:
Yes, my boyfriend did post here. I asked him to and gave him my word that I wouldn't read his post so please don't mention it. If you are my boyfriend and you're reading this, I expect the same courtesy I gave you.

Well my ex is my current boyfriend. We've known each other for three years and dated for a year in college. Well, he was very serious about me and even wanted to marry me and all of that was fine and dandy. The problem back then was that he refused to communicate with me when he was upset with me and was creepy submissive. This eventually led to my breaking up with him because I refused to be engaged to a man who wouldn't tell me there was an issue. I feared his inevitable explosion.

So another year passed by since the breakup. During that time the inevitable explosion happened, though several months after the breakup, and I stopped talking to him over it because he only brought up issues several months after I'd already dumped him and moved on. I decided not to talk to him that summer.

So fast forward to the fall and I end up seeing him around again in our last year of school. He'd spent some time traveling and doing some self reflection, so I chanced being his friend again. That went well and I felt relieved he could actually talk to me openly. It was nice. I also could tell he never got over me and that made me feel kind of bad because I'd already moved on.

Well, one day he and I talked and I realized that I still had feelings for him too so I told him. That was that. He said that he *might* be polyamorous now but seemed extremely unsure. I told him that I would be willing to wait until he sorted that out, but being poly wasn't really for me (it was something I sorted out around that time too but faster than him). I have no problems with other people being poly so it wasn't like we couldn't still be friends. I told him that I didn't want a relationship until he was certain of which he is. I also told him that of course I wasn't going to wait an insanely long time either because I don't deserve to be strung along for months while he decides. So one day about 2 months after we confessed to one another that we still had feelings for one another he said he wanted to be in a relationship. Specifically, "I was fine being monogamous with you before so I'd like to be monogamous with you again." Well, that was that. 

Well, also I want to add that over those two months he brings up how strongly he is into anal. In our past relationship I had no problems playing with dildos on him. I was very much into that. Well, then over this two months of pre-dating he talked about how he wanted to play with my ass. I've had absolutely horrendously painful IBS since the beginning of our relationship and I think that this is very unfair to me. I still feel pressured into to doing these things just so he won't decide he wants someone else. I've expressed this to him, but he gives conflicting signals about it. He says it's fine, we'll go any my own pace, and the next thing is I catch him rubbing my asshole during sex. He stopped that when I called him out on it. During this two month period I also told him that he would have to disable his sex websites if we were to be together and not masturbate to anyone we know (porn is more than fine with me) and he didn't seem to want to.

And well, nothing was fine and dandy being in the relationship. He hadn't made up his mind at all. I talk about commitment and marriage. Not to him specifically but that I intend to get married one day to someone. He says marriage talk makes him uncomfortable. I keep my marriage stuff to my friends, mostly instead. Well, he keeps bringing up having a threesome with another guy. For me this has always been one of my sexual fantasies, but one that I don't really think I'm comfortable with actually doing due to a sexually abusive history that has led me to take a long time in trusting anyone.

So Thursday night I called him out on how he's constantly talking about bringing in another guy. He tells me that he thinks he's poly. So I ask him, "why the fuck did you decide to date me?" He said that he was just so scared of losing me. Last night I told him quite frankly and angrily how much he was hurting me and had hurt me and how much I feel deceived by him. He goes from not being able to communicate with me to now polyamorous, which he has specified again that he was not in our previous relationship. He then broke up with me last night because he was scared I was going to dump him but then miraculously took it back. He says now that he's graduated college he can't look back at it without thinking of me.


I'm at an utter loss at his selfishness, which mostly seems to be sexual aside from the terrible ways he's making me feel. Before our sex life was full of him not initiating sex at all because he was scared to because of the abuse I had endured. When we got back together we were having the best sex we'd ever had (aside from the anus rubbing incident). I have attempted anal play a few times on myself and it's gone utterly horrible. It's so painful that I want to cry. Two nights ago I tried some small anal beads and plenty of lube for example when I thought my IBS was getting a little better and the next morning, I found myself in horrendous pain and bleeding. I've done my best to treat my IBS but for most people it's either constipation or diarrhea. For me it's one followed by the other so I haven't been able to find a single IBS trigger food except coffee.

I don't know what the fuck to do anymore. I told him to make up his mind. I told him that I will never forgive him, should we break up and I won't. He's known from the beginning that I am not a forgiving person and that I cut people off to get over them. He's like "but I didn't sexually abuse you" and I'm like "congratulations on meeting the minimum standards of being a decent human being." (yes, I realize SRS says that quote but it applied to this situation). HE asked ME back out roughly 4 months ago. I asked him if he was sure, and he seemed like it then.

TL;DR: My ex asked me back out four months ago, I put my all back into the relationship only to find he hadn't actually made up his mind about being poly or not.

Summary:
I was very much into that.
I told him to make up his mind.
He stopped that when I called him out on it.
I decided not to talk to him that summer.
I talk about commitment and marriage.
So I ask him, "why the fuck did you decide to date me?"
I asked him if he was sure, and he seemed like it then.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
