Original Response:
I just met up with the girl Aa that I'm currently seeing. We've been hanging out for about a couple months and something felt wrong these past couple of days. She said she needed to ask me something and wanted to meet up at a coffee shop so I agreed. She told me that she was getting kicked out of the house that she is currently renting after being there for only a month and was thinking about moving into the basement of a guy named P for free. He has feelings for her even though he knows that she is seeing me. Immediately I could tell something wasn't right and I asked her what was wrong. Before I go any further I need to give you guys some background information to this story.

She just came to the US a couple months before meeting me and was a working professional back in her home country. She decided to come here and take a certification exam to be allowed to work here. In the mean time she is working at a bar and going to school as well. She has issues with alcohol. I can't say she is an alcoholic because I honestly don't know how to make the distinction when it's not that obvious. 

Before we started going out I was seeing a different girl J and I fell deeply for her. The only problem was that she wasn't staying around for very long, so after seeing her for a month I just stopped talking to her because I felt like I was getting way too attached. Immediately after this is when I met Aa and started hitting it off but my heart was still lingering on what I had for J. It was apparent that I wasn't head over heals for Aa. Aa feeling this vibe would ask me questions about my ex girlfriends and my friends. She would compare herself to them and would ask me questions like..."When you go on vacation would you have more fun with me or them?" Stupidly I would say them to her because in all honesty one of my buddies is fighting in the war overseas and we planned this trip years ago for when he got back home. I made her sad by answering questions like this truthfully to her. She would ask me questions like this to gauge my interest in her and honestly I didn't score too well in her mind. When we first met I told her that I didn't know if I was into her 100% and that I wanted to see where this went.

There is this guy that likes her P. He used to do things like give her rides to school and take her to the mall, which at the time I didn't mind as long as she didn't like him. He has a car and I don't. So her rationalization to me was that she was just using him for his ride. That she didn't like talking to him and the only reason she was, was that she felt bad about just using him for a ride.

So when she was looking for the place she currently is now, she was talking to him about it or he asked her. I'm not sure about how it came up but he offered to take her around to look for places and she took him up on the offer because she didn't want to take a bus around looking for a new place and she was on a time crunch. She had to leave within the week. He also helped her move into her new spot, which is a pretty shabby place. She told me that he wanted her to live in his basement for free. I just shrugged it off since I knew she wasn't going to while seeing me.

Two Sundays ago we got really drunk off wine and I ended up staying over her house. I don't remember half the night. When I woke up she told me that she asked me if she could go out to drink more. I don't remember any of this but apparently I told her to go and that made her sad. She stayed in but cried all night. She told me truthfully that P called and that if she went out she would have slept with him. That thought made me very uneasy, I had the notion that something might be brewing with them but I let it go.

I ask her not to talk to P. She does anyways and says that since he comes to the bar to see her, she can't completely ignore him. I get mad and tell her that she needs to stop talking to him. She feels guilty but then gets mad saying that I shouldn't have a say in who she talks to.

This past Sunday we hung out like we usually do and things seemed to be fine. I couldn't hang out late with her because I had papers due for school the next day. She said she was going to meet some friends after I dropped her off home which was fine. I ask her who she's with and she says friends, not telling me who. I don't think anything of it but the next day she doesn't answer her phone. She says she left it at the bar she was at.

Back to the coffee shop.

I knew the moving issue wasn't the only thing on her mind. She tells me that the past sunday she met up with and drank with P and that he kissed her. She blames it on the alcohol. She also brought up the fact that I don't like her as much as she likes me. That since we aren't a couple, why she should have to stop talking to P. She told me that she was thinking about not telling me and just go on with our relationship, which I know that she easily could have but I still can't help but to be hurt.

Should I just just overlook this as a mistake and forgive or do you think the underlying problem of her constantly thinking that I don't like her much too much for us? 

Sorry guys, I'm just so mad/sad I can't think straight nor write well.


tl;dr
The girl I'm seeing kissed another guy while drunk due to me not giving enough emotion to her. Should I forgive or just move on?

Summary:
I ask her who she's with and she says friends, not telling me who.
I just met up with the girl Aa that I'm currently seeing.
He has a car and I don't.
I get mad and tell her that she needs to stop talking to him.
She has issues with alcohol.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
