Original Response:
Bit of background detail, I've been with my boyfriend for a bit more than three years now, (I know it seems that it's not that big of a deal at the age of 18, but he's been my best friend since we were 12, and he tells it that being in the friend zone for 3 years pays off eventually) I love him to bits, every time I'm with him he makes me laugh and cry with happiness and love and I just having his company. He's really close with my best girlfriends and I'm close with all his *new* friends. 

I've got to be vague because he's a redditor and I'd hate for him to find this out before I got to talk to him about anything, but he's been really down and lonely recently because after a lot of arguments between him and his friends about me, (apparently he spends too much time with me and not enough with them- which is entirely his choice because I see my group of girlfriends at least three times a week, during which time he's only on the computer and could see his guys if he so wished) and after 2 years of shit from them he basically told them he'd rather have me - despite my best efforts to encourage him to put more effort into seeing them. They all have drifted apart recently apart from his best friend who apologised to me having realised I wasn't to blame for the lack of time they spent together. So basically my boyfriend moved to a group of people we're at college with now, instead of trying to keep this other group of friends at a different college happy. 

Now, here's my problem. As I was saying, I love my boyfriend, I love everything about him, I'm super close with his family, and every time we're together I just wouldn't want to be anywhere else. I love having sex with him and feeling that closeness we have and because of 3 years of friendship before our 3 years of relationship we have tons of jokes and memories that I'd hate to lose. I also love that he's always there to talk to if I need him, which is often as I'm someone who is having some personal troubles at the moment, quite a few of which I've not gone into as much detail with my girlfriends, just because my boyfriend's witnessed the things first hand and understands it better. The problem is though I feel as though I'm getting slightly bored with the familiarity of the relationship, the same rota every week, same things, same date places (as students pretty tight budget so struggle for 'date nights' as well as fitting them around other things like college/college work/work/seeing other friends/family) 

My boyfriend and I are quite open that we'd quite like to be together for y'know, ever, and I know it's so silly to say at such a young age and don't judge me or whatever because I'm not stupid, but it just feels right? But the thing is the conversations like that make me realise 'If I'm with him forever I'm only going to have slept with one person for my whole life' and there's nothing wrong with that, but I feel as though  I'm kind of missing out on some fun? I'm not saying I want to sleep with every male I see but I'd like to... experiment a little? I've tried making effort in different ways to keep things new and fresh (sexy clothes/games etc) but I can't shake this feeling I'm missing out on something. 

In an ideal world I'd love to be able to say to my boyfriend, 'let's have two years off, do whatever for two years, and then get back together if we feel it's still right!' and he agree with me and say 'yes, oh what a splendid idea' but I think that's unlikely. (Though he has previously stated to me in conversation 'No matter what happens I am sure we will always end up together')

It gets even more confusing for me now, because we chuck another guy in to the mix and again I'm not going to go into too much detail because my boyfriend knows about him and I don't want him sussing me out. But basically, a guy i know, who is in a relationship too, is super flirty with me, and I tend to bump into him on nights out, we don't talk other than then - no phone contact or social networking or anything, but I really feel like idk, I'm attracted to this other guy. I'd never want to have a relationship with him, it's totally just a bit of fun, I don't know why I know I can't really have him, but he seems a lot less concerned about his girlfriend than he should, I'll put it that way. Now, I'd never ever cheat, never, but I just feel like I don't know how I can approach this subject with my boyfriend without seriously hurting him. I tell my boyfriend how the second guy is with me on nights out and I joke that he's on 'my list' (we're cool with jokes like this) but there's some element of truth to my joking. 

Idk, I just need some advice if anyone's around, this is really the only proper relationship I've had and I don't know how to deal with it. Anybody with any similar experience feel free to give me some advice. :/

Thank you for reading, sorry, it wasn't supposed to be so long. Apologies in advance for any grammar/spelling errors did this quickly before the laptop ran out of charge. 

**BADLY WORDED OP, I AM NOT BREAKING UP WITH HIM TO FLIRT WITH ANYONE ELSE, OR BECAUSE I WANT TO SLEEP AROUND, NOR WOULD I CHEAT ON HIM. It is impractical being with him whilst I am away for up to a year travelling because we argue after being a part for more than a few days. I also don't want our relationship to badly affect my decisions on university.**

**TL;DR been with boyfriend 3 years, starting to feel bored of relationship, but love him lots. unsure of whether to ask for break or just soldier on through **

Summary:
**

**TL;DR been with boyfriend 3 years, starting to feel bored of relationship, but love him lots.
He's really close with my best girlfriends and I'm close with all his *new* friends.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.02
