Original Response:
(Throwaway although he's not a Redditor, other friends are, and if they read this, they WILL know it's about him, so I just hope they don't read it, or if they do, are prompted to help get him the same help I'm suggesting)


PREPARE FOR WALL OF TEXT. I'm sorry but I just think all these details are important. I could honestly (and plan to) write a book about this person. There's just so much in his incredibly weird psyche.


My boyfriend and I have a very dear friend who I have been friends with for at least 8 years and he has been friends with for about 5. I started dating said friend shortly after meeting him in high school, and we dated for 2 years. My current boyfriend lived with him for a year last year, and it was a very fun time all of us hanging out together at all times. He has been a prominent figure in my life.

I would love to tell you every detail about this very weird and interesting and deeply troubled character. He has a very weird past and lives a very weird life. He is almost exactly like Michael Scott from the Office in every way to the point of it's difficult for me to watch that show because it's like watching a show about him. He always wants to be the life of the party, and always tries to make everything into a party or a big ordeal. 

My boyfriend and I moved away to the other side of the country this summer and we had this friend and our other dear friend stay with us this past weekend. It was lovely to see them, but it was also very depressing and frustrating. 

Our friend is currently watching his Father die. His father has been on a steady decline for the past 5 years, but now he is in the final stages of his illness. This friend never talks about it, has NEVER talked about it, and never opens up about his Father dying. It doesn't seem to affect him at all on the surface. Instead, he is always his happy-go-lucky self who always focuses on the next big party he will have at his place and on smoking tons and tons and tons of weed with his friends (he always boasts that he never smokes up alone, but I think he makes sure to have friends at his house at all times so that he can be stoned at all times). He also focuses entirely on his job and obsesses over the "things" in his life, like his car and television.

He has a Mother who I think is legitimately psychotic. She cannot communicate with people without yelling and just being an overall crazy bitch. She shows no remorse or sadness over her husband's illness and never has. She seems to want him to die. I find this sad because my friend's father is a really nice person, perhaps the nicest person in my friend's life. He is where my friend gets his good qualities. His mother is where he gets all the horrible qualities he has that seem to be taking over him. 


Anyway, over the weekend, the 4 of us did acid. Usually doing acid with our friends is great fun full of awesome conversation. Instead, the entire night we had to listen to our friend screaming about his job, and how he plans to run the company, and how it doesn't matter what your job is as long as you get money, and that money is the only important thing in life. This is hard to listen to for my boyfriend as I as "poor college students" who are following our dreams.

All he does all night long is complain about other people at work for not devoting their entire lives to the job, and how he intends to "get them" once he's in a higher position. (get them in the police way)

He then moves quickly on to his Mother, and how wonderful and amazing of a person she is for the whole rest of the night. He goes on and on about how amazing of a cook she is, how smart she is (she isnt), how she raised him properly. 

In actuality, she has never said she loved him to his face, she was still beating him senseless when I was dating him (we were 18. I'm sure she still beats him even though he's 25 and lives on his own) and has beat him his whole life. She only speaks through yelling (and he does this now too). She is a psychopath who doesn't care for other people and should never have had children.


Anyway, this friend is extremely prideful and believes that he is the smartest, most put-together person he knows (sounds like his mother). After listening to what I listened to for about 12 hours, combined with the weird personality changes I have seen in him in the past year, the fact that his Father is dying and he doesnt and HASNT talked to anyone about it, certainly not professionals, and his increasingly short, explosive temper, I think he needs some serious professional help before he cannot be helped.

But how do you say that to someone? CAN you say that to someone? I don't feel I can say it to him because I don't think he respects women and certainly not my opinion, but I really think he needs to TALK TO A PROFESSIONAL. When he DOES open up to his friends (always during hallucinogens) he doesn't shut up for hours and hours, doesn't stop once, does NOT listen to any advice given to him what so EVER, and he doesn't even seem to hear what anyone else has to say. I don't think it's appropriate to discuss the things he does with us when he's high, and I've told him that, and he doesn't hear me. He completely manipulates every conversation around him and he doesn't let anyone else talk or tell him to stop, so all night all we hear is his incredibly deep and personal comments which seem to revolve around him CONVINCING himself that he's happy with his life... when he ISNT!!! Convincing himself that this job is perfect and that he is perfect because of it, and convincing himself that his mother is perfect in order to justify her horrible behavior and prepare himself for her being the only parent in his life. He never ever ever talks about his Dad, just him Mom, and about how amazing she is. She is not amazing. She is the only person on Earth who I can honestly say I hate.

The day after doing acid, he laid on our couch and didn't smile or say anything the entire day. He drove 12 hours to see us and spent the day doing and saying nothing. It was clear he was depressed, although he would never ever admit it. It was sad and very frustrating to deal with.  

I'm frustrated because I know this person really, really well, and I know quite a bit about philosophy and psychology, and can read him like an open book. I want to help him, and I feel that if he just let me talk to him and if he just listened to me, I could. But I also really don't think he respects the opinions of females, and certainly not my opinion, so he will never be helped by me. My boyfriend and I want to draft up a very short, blunt message that basically says, "after everything you talked about on Friday night, we think you should seriously consider discussing this with a therapist". I want my boyfriend to send it because he listens to my boyfriend. 

Is that out of place? Can we say that to him? Do you think there's any chance that he might heed it?

I mean, his fucking Dad is dying before his eyes. I think he should at LEAST talk to a therapist about that (and he hasnt!!). 

He talks and acts as though he has all of shit together and is doing better than everyone he knows, when in reality, I see a very crippled and damaged man before me that is on the brink of losing his sanity.

The non-stop use of drugs doesn't help. He is never not smoking weed. He drinks a ton of the weekend as well, and uses psychedelics monthly (and every single time, from when we lived with him to now what I hear from my friends, he goes bat shit insane and says and does something incredibly pathetic or disturbing).

I know it's wrong for me to impose my perspective on him, but I am not alone in my perspective. I think everyone around him thinks this way, but no one has the balls to say anything. Everyone laughs him off as being "Crazy-Friend". Most of them have no idea about the kind of life he has lived, how he was raised, what his mother is like. I would bet some of his friends have no idea about his Father dying. 

He needs help and no one is giving it to him. 
He needs help NOW before he falls over the edge, which I really think he is capable and close to doing.

I can't stand to watch this happen to him. He is such an important person to me and I care about him like a brother. 


How do I tell him to get help? Do you think there's any chance he will?

I just need advice, or for anyone to share similar experiences. I am worried about my friend. He might hate me for suggesting this to him, but I'm willing to risk our relationship for his safety.

Summary:
I am worried about my friend.
She seems to want him to die.
He has a very weird past and lives a very weird life.
He has a Mother who I think is legitimately psychotic.
He is such an important person to me and I care about him like a brother.
I think he should at LEAST talk to a therapist about that (and he hasnt!!).
How do I tell him to get help?
He is where my friend gets his good qualities.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
