Original Response:
So, I had been dating this girl for 9 months, and things were great up until about the 7-8 month mark. We both have had a slimming down of our social groups, and one of the reasons we became so close was that we had nobody else to be with.

She became really, really clingy. Talked about us moving in, getting married, having kids... a lot. We had a few fights about this, with part of her argument that she wanted more committment from me. I gave her the commitment, but she still constantly nagged me about moving in and being with her 24/7. 

She would tell me very loving things, and then get upset when I didn't say something of equal or greater value. After that stuff built up and happened more often we had a few instances where we almost broke up... but my feelings for her always pulled me back in.

The last straw was as follows:

I was getting ready to go down to Baltimore to visit a friend for the weekend and see a Phish concert. She was already cranking up the anxiety about how she is upset she won't get to see me a lot. Wednesday night I had planned to cook dinner at home with my parents... bought groceries during the day specifically for this. After I get home from work, she tells me she realllly wants to see me and that we should go out and get chinese food, so I talk it over with the parents and they end up cooking the food I'd brought home. Not exactly what I'd planned, but it worked out so it was ok. We discussed me staying over at her place Thursday night, but had no concrete plans to make it happen. I told her I could make that happen, but I also had to pack for the trip... while also making time to go to her softball game on Thursday evening.

So I am running a little late Thursday, and right before I leave, I notice that my car has a flat tire. Luckilly I have a motorcycle so I could still make it to the game. Unfortounately taking care of the car and making sure it was ready for the trip the next day before I left put me about 1/2 hour behind schedule and totally destroyed any hope I had of getting ready for my trip. I get to her softball game, and I tell her idk if I can stay over... and the whole time I was there I get the silent angry treatment. So despite the fact that I am still not ready for my trip the next day, when a few girls from her team want to go out to the bar after the game, I oblige since it will give us a little extra time to spend together.

Things are fine in the bar, but when it gets to be 11pm I am tired and I need to get home. She proceeds to pitch a fit in the parking lot because I'm not staying over. Not once did she try to say something like "well it sucks we can't be together, but I hope you have a good trip and I can't wait to see you soon!" We drove separately, and I was honestly concerned she was going to get pulled over because she was driving very aggressively.

I exchanged one or two angry text messages when I got home, and in the morning I woke up to about 5 more of them... apparently she didn't consider that I might have gone to bed and just kept fuming and texting me all night. The previous fight we had, she told me I could try to talk sense into her and shake her out of these fits. I also told her sometimes you need to give me my space and let me cool down. The text that broke me was "maybe you shouldn't cool down, just break up with me".

I didn't talk to her from that Friday until Sunday when I got home. It's been two weeks since I met her to break up in person, which is one of the most painful things I've EVER had to do. Her behavior in a crisis like this has really only made it worse for me... and unfortunately made me absolutely sure that I made the right decision. Even though she put me through hell and really pissed me off, I still miss her, or at least the part of her that I fell in love with 9 months ago. It's very difficult for me to not call her up and ask her to stay over... withdrawal from the physical part of our relationship is one of the worst parts right now.

I have never broken up with someone before. The first week I was riding the high of "I did it, I control my destiny!" However, this past week the reality of everything set in, and I've been really bummed. We hung out all the time, and I miss the best friend I used to have before she got ridiculously clingy, needy, and controlling. I am 25 and she is 21, I didn't think there would be that big a maturity difference but that's really what it boils down to.

I have gone out to a bar on a Tuesday night to try to talk to girls... made one lame attempt and got shut down post haste. For some reason, I felt better though... talking to girls has always been an awkward thing for me and it felt good to just at least give it a shot. The one friend I hung out with all the time is gone from my life... and I'm just trying to rebuild. Contacting friends I haven't heard from in a long time... just trying to keep myself out and busy.

I don't really need advice, I just needed to get this off my chest because I don't have anybody else to talk it out with. If you read this far, you win a prize.

Summary:
The one friend I hung out with all the time is gone from my life... and I'm just trying to rebuild.
The previous fight we had, she told me I could try to talk sense into her and shake her out of these fits.
She would tell me very loving things, and then get upset when I didn't say something of equal or greater value.
She became really, really clingy.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
