Original Response:
We'll have been dating for 3 months this weekend, though we were the closest of friends for a couple months before that, so it feels like longer.

Now, I'll admit I'm solely the reason it's strained. No ifs, ands or buts about it. He doesn't deserve any of the blame for it getting to this point. I was "homeschooled" and completely sheltered from age 7 to 14, with my only companion being my younger brother. My parents were always verbally and psychologically abusive, so I have a lot of emotional problems. I've never had a completely healthy romantic relationship in my entire life and most of them were just absolute trainwrecks because I have trouble controlling myself when I feel rejected or let down because I so extremely hope and need more love from my boyfriend than I probably should expect, since I never got any from my parents.
This would manifest itself in a variety of ways. I'd hold a grudge on whatever poor guy I somehow wound up with when he'd upset me. This could come from him doing things like:
-Doing things I didn't approve of, even though he had every right to and nothing bad came out of it.
-Not giving as much attention to me as he gave to my friends, even when he seen me a lot more.
-Saying something like "calm down" whenever I'd do controlling shit along the lines of that.
Etc.
I would overreact to small things all the time and make a mountain out of a molehill like it was my damn job. Things he meant as a joke would be blown up into an actual argument and I'd just get angry at him for a few days again when he'd need space away from me until we had to have ANOTHER fight over it for me to calm down, until I cried and released all my feelings while he's just confused with why any of that needed to happen.
Because of those issues, I'd also be so quick to get jealous over almost any attention he gave any other girl because I knew how badly I was ruining things. Some, I were okay with, but he's closer friends with some than others and the longer hugs would pain my soul.
He would have NEVER given a healthy-minded girl any reason to see such green because he's proven he's loyal and shown he cares more times over than anybody would need, but I just couldn't deal with it until now.
Yeah, "until now". I've gotten a lot better, I honesty have. That shit's not happening anymore because he matters far too much to me to keep doing this damage. He's really been the only incentive I've ever held to have so much value that I realize I've been being ridiculous.
We still fight, of course, but it's over normal reasons and we make up a lot faster than most couples I know, actually.

Yet, I fear it's too late to restore our relationship to fully functional. He still treats me with a lot of love, so it's not like it's turned to total shit, but now when I think we have a minor issue that could be resolved by talking about it, he's very quick to get angry over it because I've forced him into so many unnecessary talks in our short time together that he must feel I'm still overreacting.
An example is I tried to talk to him two weeks ago about how we don't have many real conversations anymore and that makes me disappointed because we still have so much more to share with each other. He responded by saying we spend a lot of time together. I pointed out that his best friend is over at his house even more than I am and they still talk fine. Then he told me he doesn't like to feel forced to talk, which I tried to explain I wasn't trying to make him do, but I just wanted to know why this was happening, but that didn't matter. It was too late to have a real discussion with him. He was mad and not responding, past denying the possible reasons I listed out to him that I could fix if they were the problem (like if I was too boring) and making me promise to never bring up that subject again because he's heard it too much and made a quick quip about how "maybe we don't talk as much as we used to because you're always talking about things like this".
Thing is, we haven't had "a talk" for a month before this and this one was actually calm and intent on fixing something I considered a problem that I don't think you could tell me was RIDICULOUS or anything. This one seemed normal to me.

I really can't tell if we're just out of the honeymoon phase and I should expect him to not be so eager to talk to me on Facebook when I'm away anymore or if there's legitimately something he's hiding there to save my pride, but he just doesn't want to ever talk about feelings anymore. No matter what. I'm not a fucking psycho, controlling bitch anymore, but I have a lot of feelings and I didn't think talking about them to at least help me feel better would be worthy of the silent treatment whenever I try.

Just to give a little deeper insight, whenever I offer him space, he rejects it wholeheartedly and tells me he enjoys having me over. He DOES genuinely love me as I love him. There's not a fight we've ever had, even when I was the only one at fault, where he didn't wake me up when I spitefully fell asleep on the couch with a wet face to sleep in his bed with him where he will cuddle me, even if he's not a really touchy person when he's trying to sleep, but he knows I am.

This man is the greatest relationship I've ever had and I'm not going to let go until he tells me to, no matter how rejected I feel at times. I just want to know if I'm -still- maybe overreacting a little bit to all this and maybe we just need more time? I mean, it's been only 3 months and I've been a cunt for half of it.

tl;dr: I smother my boyfriend with my unhealthy emotions, he gets incredibly frustrated, I start realizing what I'm doing, calm my shit down, but now, he doesn't ever want to talk about my less lovey-dovey feelings. Do I need to give it more time or is it a little too late? Is there anything I can do to help?

Summary:
Do I need to give it more time or is it a little too late?
I've gotten a lot better, I honesty have.
He responded by saying we spend a lot of time together.
We still fight, of course, but it's over normal reasons and we make up a lot faster than most couples I know, actually.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
