Original Response:
Throwaway for obvious reasons.

Calling him an ex-friend is probably being too nice. I went to college with him for a couple of years when he dropped out. We got put in a fair amount of the same groups together for work but that was it. Outside of college and since he left around a year ago I haven't seen him since.

He treats his girlfriend like a piece of shit (no excuses, I know) but I'm one of the few people who will refuse to tell her she can do better. I've always wanted to stay as least as involved as possible.

I've been friends with this girl ever since I met her, we've always got along, I should probably also mention at this point, yes I do have mild feelings for her, but I have suppressed them for obvious reasons.

She started college and a week later got with my class mate, 2 months later they were living together and seem to be looking to a future. They have now been together around 2 years and she's supposedly madly in love with him but sends very mixed signals to me. When we're out (and she never goes out with her boyfriend), she will act so friendly with me, we've been mistaken for a couple many many times. I have often made a point of pushing her away because she can be so full on. The problem is, is we get on so well, she's always making references as to how 'perfect' we'd be together; I bite my tongue, smile and pass it off as a light hearted joke.

Why? Well she's never been the most popular of people. I, as a person get on with her and thought it could stay at just friends. She is often quite upset about how her boyfriend treats her, and its when we're out she's happy. If having to pass off the odd bit of flirting is the price to pay for seeing her happy, well I was game for it. I never intended to act upon it.

Of late from what I've heard the boyfriend been getting worse. He will shout at her until she is in tears on a regular basis or take the car and leave her with a long walk to work even not pay his share of the rent etc. Both of us going out in our friend group and drinking, has become a once or twice a week occurrence. She'll show up upset and leave in a good mood. I make sure never to be alone with her (she kissed me when I was sober a couple of months ago and I pushed her off me). I have told a couple of friends about said kissing incident try and minimise the risk of being left alone with her.

All this time I haven't seen the boyfriend in about a year.

Last week I went to a party and did a serious amount of shots along with this girl. She, started throwing up and friends put her to bed (I didn't see this part). I stumbled into that bedroom sometime after and hopped into bed. It was dark, I saw a shape, felt a body but didn't really care. I felt seriously ill and needed some sleep. 

The next thing I remember was she started talking, she sounded like she was almost sober (she couldn't have been after that much alcohol though) then we were kissing… And somehow somewhere along the line we ended up having sex. Honestly, I don't remember the details. 

All I can remember is I was definitely ok with it, something inside was screaming no, but all logic, reason and any sensible thought had gone out the window long ago.

--

I hate myself, I really do. On talking to her this morning she said she didn't regret it but it was probably a dick move by both of us. I agreed and said 'I hope I hadn't messed her life up', to which she responded 'no one finds out out this'. 

The boyfriend too, is very bad news. When it comes to his 'friends', he's in with a rough lot. I have no doubts if he finds out its going to result in a very physical, one sided, out numbered altercation. I've no reason to think he will find out, but its a possibility I think I'm just going to have to live with.

After months of being so careful though, I'm just so angry at myself for going through with it when the time came.

If anyone has any input, please, where do I go with things from here? 

Finally I would too like to mention before anyone says it, despite myself not agreeing with the boyfriend and how he treats her I don't think there is ever an excuse for cheating. I have been cheated on in the past and I know what it does to people. I knew full well she had a boy friend and was in no way am I entitled to do what I did. 

I was going to post on here asking how to deal with all this, but no. I've bought this on myself and from now I'll just have to live with the consequences of the very thing I promised myself I'd never do. Every single cell in my body is screaming at me, telling myself what an idiot I am, but I'm 24 and I'll going to have to live with what I did.

I really am looking for helpful points as to where to go from here, probably something I should have done a LOT sooner. I can't talk to any of my friends or it will get out, she obviously lives with this guy so talking to her any time soon isn't really an option, I'll probably see her out sometime this week.

**TL;DR After mounting tension between us, one drunk night I slept with an old class mates girlfriend. Both of us knew to some extent what we were doing and yet went through with it. How do her and I continue being friends  from here, or what do we do?**

Summary:
All this time I haven't seen the boyfriend in about a year.
I went to college with him for a couple of years when he dropped out.
--

I hate myself, I really do.
How do her and I continue being friends  from here, or what do we do?
Well she's never been the most popular of people.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
