Original Response:
I have some issues. Long post, apologies.

 We've been together since the end of March. Ish. It started out awesome! He said sweet little nothings that I would write down to look at and smile about. The sex was fantastic, and he gave me a puppy!

A little background on him: he's 26, was married for...a couple years I think (he doesn't talk about it much) and during the divorce dated another girl, who cheated on him with her ex and then left him for her ex. This hurt him badly. Because of this, he has trust issues, extreme cases of jealousy, and has assumed some hurtful opinions about me and vocalized them.

About me: I'm 20, I've been in three other serious relationships before him. The first was fine, then dated someone who I crushed on in high school, and then dated someone who cheated on me within the first two weeks and a year later proposed, to which I accepted, but left within a month. I'm leaving in 6 days for school that's nine hours away.

I was molested when I was 12, Guy #1 molested me three times while I was with Guy #2 and Guy #2 raped me while I was with Guy #3. Needless to say, I have some issues of my own.

So my current guy has gone through my phone and seen texts or the rare call from my two first exes (or even some of my guy friends, who are my closest friends) and he got mad and started fights and told me he didn't understand why I still talked to them if they did such horrible things to me. I don't really understand it myself, and thus had no answer to give him. This frustrated him more. Finally it got to a point where I realized he has never trusted me and told him so. He stopped looking at my messages to prove he did.

At my parents' house on New Year's, I planned a party for my going away and New Year's too of course, invited my friends, and even Guy #1 because he was originally in my close group of friends and I knew my other friends missed him. I knew my boyfriend wouldn't be happy about my inviting him, but I never gathered the courage to tell him. During the party, he didn't even notice.  Anyways, Guy #1 promised to not drink (as that's what happened every time he's molested me) but did anyways. This leads to him getting his face close to mine while I'm sitting with my boyfriend (who was rather inebriated himself and half passed out). I told Guy #1 to move away, and then took my boyfriend to bed. I went back downstairs to say goodnight to everyone, saw one of my good guy friends puking in the kitchen sink, but just went back downstairs. I talked for a little while with another friend then went upstairs to go to bed when Guy #1 stops me and starts telling me the good guy friend who is puking in my kitchen sink loves me and Guy #1 wants me to help him (how, I'm still unsure of) and all this stuff. I'm already tired, stressed because of school, and I just want to go to bed, but he keeps insisting I go help him. I told him he was drunk, and didn't know what he was saying. I am uncomfortable around him when he's drunk, so I pushed past him and went to bed with my boyfriend.

The next day, I forgot I promised my old roommate and her boyfriend that I'd go to the club with them before I left because they couldn't make it to the party. I was wary about this because the last time I brought up me going to the club, my boyfriend insinuated I was a whore by saying he would go to his place for the night so I could bring home whoever. I yelled at him and told I'm not his ex, so he shouldn't treat me like I am. I figure this time was okay though as he went to hang out with some of his friends. I told him my plans and who I'd be going with and invited him along just in case he might want to, but he declined as I knew he would because the club is not his thing. I've grown out of of too, but I missed my old roommate and wanted to see her.  

So I w
ent, had fun, whatever, got home and crawled into bed with him. He asked me if the boys liked my outfit, I told him I didn't know, I didn't talk to any boys other than my old roomate's boyfriend. He said well isn't that the point of the outfit, to get boys to see me. I told him I didn't didn't care, I just wanted to dress up. We have a mini fight all throughout the night and he leaves for work the next morning and I just start bawling.

Later that day, guy friend who loves me says he wants to talk about his feelings in person before I leave, for some reason. I don't want this to happen because this only means I have to reject him to his face and I can't reciprocate the feelings.  And I don't want my boyfriend finding out because he probably would tell me to never talk to him ag
ain.

Later, I started to pack for school and when he came home he started his homework. I go finish some laundry or whatever and I go back to my room and he's packing up and says he's leaving because he just realized I invited my ex to the party and I got him drunk so he wouldn't notice. We got into a huge fight. He says I broke his trust, I told him I've never had it in the first place, I sit on the floor and sob and he says "Oh yeah because you 're the only one hurting" and I told him if he wanted to leave then fine and to call me when he could get his stuff back (we've basically been living together since we started dating and when his ex-wife lost their old house, I offered to keep the stuff he wanted in my room at my parents' house.) He accused me of kissing Guy #1 because he got so close to my face that night and I couldn't even defend myself because that is probably what it looked like. But he 
didn't leave.
 
I debated for a long time whether to tell him to just get out but I couldn't. He never argues for long and this time was no different and so he just started ignoring me. I went on with packing and he continued his homework and finally I finished and laid down to sleep and he started playing a game. He asked if I hated him. No matter how much I get mad at him sometimes, I find I can't hate him and told him so. He laid down to sleep soon after. I told him I was sorry for inviting Guy #1 and he pulled me next to him and told me he loved me and we proceeded to have sex, and once it was over, all I wanted to do was cry. Not saying it was bad or anything but it was just this huge surge of emotion and I'm not sure I'd it was happiness or sadness.

He just left for work now and I feel like we're back to square one, and yet I have to walk on eggshells around him.

Is there any way to save this relationship and make it better? And what do I tell my guy friend??


tl;dr : I complain and sound like a 16-year-old. Sorry.

Summary:
And what do I tell my guy friend??
I told him he was drunk, and didn't know what he was saying.
He asked if I hated him.
I told Guy #1 to move away, and then took my boyfriend to bed.
Needless to say, I have some issues of my own.
Later that day, guy friend who loves me says he wants to talk about his feelings in person before I leave, for some reason.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
