Original Response:
Bit of a long one reddit but please bear with me. I need a second opinion on this, preferably from other females. 

So a female friend of mine (we'll call her N) and I are no longer friends. A shame because we were really close. She's 19, I'm 23(M). Earlier in the week I tried to talk things out with her because we had grown distant, but she decides that she no longer wants to be friends with me. Her last words to me literally was "it was nice knowing you" before hanging up on me before I even had a chance to respond. Here's our history regarding the two of us. I have to in order to make things clear.

We had started talking 2 years back and had gotten really close. Unfortunately my obligation to the service prevented us from having a full on relationship. I was stationed on the opposite side of the planet from her at the time. I did however come back home on leave for a couple weeks that summer and we hit it off. Needless to say we got intimate and all that. We had alot of fun together and with friends just hanging out. Still we couldn't really make it official, but that's because I wasn't about to do the LDR thing. However, I had gotten my new orders. Where was I gonna be stationed next? Back home! Holy hell, sweet. But I decided it would be best to wait when I got back to pick up where we left off. Still this was great news.

Here's where things went downhill. I fucked up. BAD! I have another female friend (mutual) who is also close. I've known her for even longer. She's 20. (We'll call her J). I've also tried to date her in the past but again I had other obligations that wouldn't let me fulfill this. Well one night we're all hanging out together. Everyone else is asleep aside from me and J. She asks me to give her a massage. Can't complain about that but she kind of pushed it by making me use rubbing oil AND wearing nothing but a towel. If that ain't torture I don't know what is. Anyway I had a few drinks in me so my dumb ass decides to do a little more with my hands than I should have. She didn't really say or do anything at first but kind of just turned away afterwards and went to sleep. Woke up the next day and talks to me. Telling me not to do that again because she has a boyfriend. I contemplated telling N about it but decided not to. Fast forward a week, I'm back from leave at my duty station. I find out J had told her boyfriend what happened. Word spread and N found out. Needless to say, drama unfolded and I nearly lost 2 of my best friends because I made a major mistake. Doesn't really help that the girl was being a tease (she admits that she pushed it) but none the less, I fucked up. 

Spent the next 8 months (the remainder of my term on that station) contemplating what I did. A very purgatorial time for me. Thought I lost my friends, thought my next duty assignment would get canceled (different story), crappy weather and working hours, no one to really console in, just very depressing time. I got lucky however and N decided to forgive me for what happened after we talked about it. Even though we weren't really dating it had broken her heart to find out what I had done, after we had gotten so close. I'm very lucky she decided to stick by me, and we continued to be there for each other when we needed it. I sure as hell needed it. 

Anyway everything worked out just fine in the end. The situation got resolved, everyone's still friends, I managed to get stationed back home and it was all good. N was dating someone else at the time but we still remained close. Fast forward to late 2011 and that's when it went downhill (again). Her SO cheated on her. So I was one of the few friends that was there for her when she needed it. I had to sleep over a couple times to make sure she didn't do anything stupid. She was that much of a wreck. A few weeks pass, she's doing better but still hurt but at least has the support of her friends. And I kind of let it slip that i was still interested in her and would be here for her if she needs it. Probably not the smoothest move considering that she was already on the edge, and apparently it made her a little uncomfortable but at the very least I made it known to her that I care for her no matter what. Maybe you all can tell me what you think about this. Her response to that was that "it was too soon and I'm still hurting". Understandable, were it not for the fact that a week later she decides to date some other chick. She's bi. Pretty much did the opposite of what she said. But this was all just the start and it all snowballed from then on. 

Decide to take her out to a metal gig one day (her first) That's when she let it slip that she was seeing someone else. Things got more awkward between us, she freaks out at the show when the pits started going and she took off. Had to go after her. Her parents come and pick her up. Last time I ever saw her. This was this past august. I thought it best just to give her space and leave her alone for a bit. Had a few conversations on the phone or Skype but that was it. And it was mainly about our friendship. We had grown distant.

Fast forward to the end of the year I ask if she would like to meet up so we can catch up, and perhaps resolve a few issues. Agrees at first but changes her mind later saying she cant find it in herself to do it. I call her up and try to talk things out in a civil manner. Basically trying to mend our strained friendship. The problem is that she keeps trying to dig up old graves and add fuel to the fire. Now I know I made mistakes, I'm a human being but the girl knows I care for her and I'm trying to make things right. 

Our conversation actually went real well at first and figured things would be ok, but she wanted to think things over for a bit. Ultimately though she decided to cut ties with me. Called me later that same night and said her farewell. What's bothering me is that this all stemmed from one incident. Not necessarily because of what happened with J. If that was the case she would of told me to fuck off a long time ago. But she forgave me and actively contacted me just to see how I was doing. 

No, this all stems from the day I displayed a sign of weakness when I told her I was still interested in being with her. Not the best time to spill the beans but my intentions were to make her happy and be there for her at least. Instead it seemed to be interpreted as me trying to get in her pants. At least that's what I think. Everything from then on was a cluster fuck. To make it worse she kept bringing up old times to add to an already crappy situation. All I was trying to do was get my best friend back. Not asking for a damn date. None of that matters now. It's pretty much over.

I've made mistakes but I've also been there for her many times and we had a good thing together being close friends. Can't we go back to that? Guess not.

What do you think reddit? Am I ultimately in the wrong here and deserve what I'm getting? 

TL;DR - Best female friend and I grew distant. She decides to cut ties after thinking about our past together which had it's ups and downs.

EDIT1: Don't get the wrong idea folks. I'm not hung up on this chick or anything. It's pretty much a done deal. Her choice if she wants to turn her back on me. What bothers me is the reasoning behind it. I really just needed a second opinion on the matter. I don't talk to people about this kind of stuff often.

Summary:
So I was one of the few friends that was there for her when she needed it.
All I was trying to do was get my best friend back.
I contemplated telling N about it but decided not to.
I sure as hell needed it.
I really just needed a second opinion on the matter.
I have to in order to make things clear.
And I kind of let it slip that i was still interested in her and would be here for her if she needs it.
At least that's what I think.
I call her up and try to talk things out in a civil manner.
I got lucky however and N decided to forgive me for what happened after we talked about it.
Can't we go back to that?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
