Original Response:
I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this, please direct me elsewhere is there is a more appropriate subreddit


Sorry, this is long. TL;DR at the bottom.

So I need to break my lease because my landlord's, who live across the hall from me, are bat shit crazy and have put me and my boyfriend in the middle of it. My boyfriend and I have wanted to move for a while, but something happened this past Sunday that really broke the camels back. Here is a little background and then I'll get into what happened Sunday.

My landlords are husband and wife, we'll call them Y(wife) and D(husband). D is insanely abusive towards towards Y, mentally and physically. I can hear everything through our very thin walls. I found out recently from Y that D has served quite a bit prison time over the 27 years they've been together, for things like kidnapping, fucking MURDER, theft...all kinds of horrible things. About 2 months ago she'd had him arrested for beating her up, she then bailed him out and still let him stay at the house despite the order of protection she has against him. Then he just up and left one day and has been living with the woman he's cheating on her with. During this time she was very depressed obviously and would come to me to talk quite a bit. I never minded this, I'm more than happy to be supportive having grown up in a house where my mother was a victim of domestic violence for many years. Since D left, he has been basically stalking Y, he knows her every move and calls often to berate her for going out, etc, He broke down the 1st door to our apartment building, and even went so far as to beat her up in the street a few weeks ago when he saw her out at a bar. I'll also add that Y has a problem with prescription drug abuse because of a back injury, and she also asks us to borrow money (that she doesn't pay back), asks for pills, and cigarettes every day, several times a day, at all hours of the night. Thats annoying enough, then this happened this past sunday:

At around 8pm, Y knocks on my door and asks if I can come and sit and talk to her because she's afraid D might come over. I went over, assuming that she meant she needed moral support to be strong enough not to let him in. When I go over, her nephew in law is over there, we'll call him J. This is an issue because J is a homeless, thief, PCP addict, and D doesn't like him being there because he's convinced Y and J are sleeping together for some reason. I sit and talk to her and she tells me that D says he's on his way over because he doesn't want J there. After a few minutes, every phone in the house starts ringing, cell phone, land line, everything. I can hear D yelling at Y over her answering machine, and then I hear the door buzzer. D is downstairs LAYING on the door buzzer. At this point I start to feel freaked out, my boyfriend pops over to see where I am and Y asks him to stay also. Next thing I know Y buzzes the door and I hear D coming up the stairs. Then like a flash of lightening I see arms come through the front door and yoke J up by his shirt, drag him out into the hall and I hear D yelling at and hitting J all the way down the stairs and out the front door. My boyfriend at this point follows them down stairs to see if he can diffuse the situation. Y is eerily calm as I'm pleading with her to call the police. I then tell her that I didn't expect her to let him in and I don't feel safe being there, there is nothing I can do to protect her from him. She continues to beg me to stay, "He won't do anything if you're here." Then my BF texts me and says, "Get the fuck out of there RIGHT NOW, D just threatened me." I tell Y what he texted me and says something like, "he would never do anything like that." I tell her, he just did, you should call the police. She then buzzes him back into the building and I jet from their apartment back into my own closely followed by my BF. Just as my BF is about to close the door D physically removes Y from their apartment and locks the door behind her. As we're about to close our door she asks us for a cigarette, so we gave her one and as my BF is about to light it for her, D opens the door and pulls Y back into the apartment by her hair where we hear them start to fight. 

I'm thinking that I want to call the police but with her track record of having him arrested and letting him back in less than 24 hours, I knew calling the police would be futile, and I didn't want to be in a position where he comes back and is pissed at me and I'm in danger of him retaliating (he has keys to my apartment and is the landlord after all). After hearing them go at it for about 30 minutes, my BF expresses to me that he's over this and wants to move ASAP. I agreed and he then wrote a note that says something along the lines of, "This is our 3 month notice. We don't feel safe and don't appreciate being threatened in our own home. If this happens again we'll be forced to file for a restraining order" and slips it under their door (This is a normal form of communication between Y and us). A few minutes later D slips a note back apologizing for what he'd said. Shortly there after Y slips us a letter that says something along the lines of, "First of all, D never threatened you, J was the only person forcibly removed from the apartment. I don't appreciate you throwing restraining orders around, etc... Did I threaten you with one when you had a drug dealer in the apartment?" Then my BF slips her back a note that says something like, "You mean the 'drug dealer' I had over because YOU asked me if I could get you medication? Please leave us out of this." (Story with this is my BF had a friend who had pain medication he wasn't using, and since Y had asked for something he was willing to give it to her. This is before we realized she had a problem. We just thought she was in pain from her back injury and since she had no insurance couldn't afford her medication). We then go out to walk our dogs and as we're coming back in she's in the hall yelling at us, "Are you guys kidding me with this bullshit, mind your business, etc" And so on with verbal attacks and defending her abusive husband. We tried to ignore her and just close the door. Their fighting goes on until about 330am. The next morning D was on the stoop when I went to leave for work, I assume he spent the night... 

So anyway, I guess my real question is, how can we get out of this lease without legal repercussions. This is clearly an unsafe and hostile environment, we don't feel safe and want to leave, but don't know how to do so with out being sued or held responsible for the rent for the rest of the duration of the lease. What do we do? 

This is in Brooklyn, NY, by the way. 

TL;DR I need to break my lease because my landlords are crazy and have made physical threats against my BF and I. How do we break the lease without legal repercussions? What should we do about the situation?

Summary:
I tell her, he just did, you should call the police.
I sit and talk to her and she tells me that D says he's on his way over because he doesn't want J there.
I can hear D yelling at Y over her answering machine, and then I hear the door buzzer.
Then my BF texts me and says, "Get the fuck out of there RIGHT NOW, D just threatened me."
My boyfriend and I have wanted to move for a while, but something happened this past Sunday that really broke the camels back.
Please leave us out of this."

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
