Original Response:
Sorry if this post seems long, but I want to paint a fair picture.

Backstory: 

We are almost three years in. We are both young and attend college. She is 21 and I am 22. We have are  long distance during the school year and for summers we are together. We seem to be very compatible. Whenever we are together we get along great . We joke around , kiss , laugh , cuddle , watch movies together. In short, we are really good together, we love each other. I saw myself spending the rest of my life with her. We have similar life goals, senses of humor, priorities--everything.  I remember thinking that I had found my better half. And because of that, I have put myself through the torture that is long distance to be with her later. After we finish college at the end of the year, I have plans to move closer to her.  We talk every day and I feel like I can tell her anything and she is my best friend.

The problem is we have been having a fairly long on going fight. The disagreements started the first time we were back from college. The problem is that we lived at home  with our parents and didn’t have a place  of our own to have sex.  We were busy during the week with our respective summer jobs, and on the weekend the houses were always occupied by our sets of parents. 
My solution to the problem was to drive somewhere secluded and do things either in the car or out on a blanket somewhere secluded with some blankets and bug spray. She said that doing things outside or in the backseat of a car was something horny teenagers do and that it made her feel cheap, that it wasn’t romantic , and basically that she was against the idea. She said it didn’t make her feel comfortable. My response was that wanting each other was a good thing, being horny wasn’t just something for teenagers , it was healthy and having a sexual connection together , especially after long distance was very important to me. So I came up with a new suggestion. My next suggestion was to stay up late on weekends and a night or two during the week , wait for her or my parents to go to bed and have at it. She said she was too scared of them overhearing and couldn’t relax enough to enjoy the sex. I even  suggested paying for a hotel room or just something  every now and then where we could have time to be together as a couple.  She said that would make her feel cheap. It was really hard for me to go  from long distance to having things like these get in the way of us being together. I sort of felt that if sex  were important to her, she could find a way to want it where she was comfortable.  I always saw a way to be together sexually, and  no matter what  I tried, she was never comfortable.  I felt she couldn’t find a way to just relax and enjoy herself and be together. I started to feel like  she really didn’t want me or desire me , and that sort of took a blow to my self-esteem. I started to feel resentful I don’t think I ever really recovered from that.

We never figured  out a solution. We had sex rarely , fought about it pretty good, which wasn’t good for either of us . I just  felt like she just didn’t desire me enough . She felt like I just wasn’t respecting her needs for comfort and was pushing too much for sex. I didn’t mean to do that. We never did find a solution. We had sex when we could, which wasn’t often at all.

After summer, we went back to our respective schools and were long distance again. Back at school I tried to  keep the sexual spark alive long distance by trying to have some fun with phonesex and on skype. She wasn’t having any of that anymore. Even though we used to have fun with phonesex and skype  in the past, she said she never really enjoyed it in the first place and that being on camera or on the phone  made her feel lonely. She said that  it was never enjoyable and that it just  made her miss me more. She says it isn’t even sex for her. I tried to encourage her to try anyway, but again she felt I was pressuring her.  I just  felt it was a good way to keep the sexual spark alive. To her credit ,she did try many times  after I told her how important a sexual connection was to me . IT is just hard because she clearly hates it , so I stopped wanting to try , but then I feel kind of lonely and like the relationship is dying , so I ask her to try. Lather, rinse , repeat. I felt like she just like turned her sexuality off, and I just never understood how someone could do that. 

So here we are in a relationship with minimal sexytimes.  I just  am at my wits end. I feel like I tried everything.  I feel like  she always has things or rules or stipulations on sex or a million reasons not to do it, but very few reason to do it.  I wondered if she was no longer attracted to me, but she assures me she is as attracted as ever. But it is just hard to keep from getting down about this whole situation. And me being down has caused some serious strain on our relationship  ,especially with the distance. 

 When we first started dating she was this sexual being. I had a hard time even keeping up with her sometimes. But now she seems so divorced from her sexuality unless she feels safe. And whenever she has things how she wants them , things are like how they were. It is just a hard situation . I wonder where her desire went, her passion. It feels like this burning passion that was our relationship is being slowly put out.  It hurts me like hell to be with my gf but not be sexual often. It is making me feel worse and worse as time goes on . I am having doubts if she is really compatible for me. She says I just need to wait until we have a place of our own.  She says she is trying and has tried really hard to enjoy sex apart but just can’t do it or force herself to like something she doesn’t. I don’t know who is in the wrong here or how to fix it. So does Reddit have any advice, solutions , or thoughts on the situation ? 

Tl;dr  gf used to want skype sex but changed her mind. Also Gf doesn’t want sex unless “comfortable” but is not comfortable often given circumstances. I am trying to be supportive but also hurting.

Summary:
She said it didn’t make her feel comfortable.
I just  felt like she just didn’t desire me enough .
We had sex when we could, which wasn’t often at all.
I feel like I tried everything.
It was really hard for me to go  from long distance to having things like these get in the way of us being together.
We have are  long distance during the school year and for summers we are together.
I sort of felt that if sex  were important to her, she could find a way to want it where she was comfortable.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
