Original Response:
[Original post](http://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/1cuthk/i_25m_just_found_out_that_my_wife_25f_of_25_years/)

So, I confronted my wife that morning about what was going on between her and the old friend. She was angry at me for listening in (I can't blame her for that) and she said that all they had done was kiss once, that she regretted doing it, that she was sorry for not telling me, and that it wouldn't happen again. The discussion was heated and involved her and I going back and forth on the idea of divorce, but we decided to stick it out. We also talked about her staying in touch with the friend, which I was okay with as long as absolutely nothing happened again, or was ever even really hinted at. (I know I'll take a ton of flack for this--but was important to both of us that each of us could have close friends to talk things over with, and I know he's been that for her. Unfortunately, that seems to have come along with other things.)

She left that morning for her hometown to visit her parents (which she had already been planning) and to help them out around the house. I went up there later that week to celebrate the engagement of one of her cousins (the cousin's family situation made it something of a big deal) and while we argued and were a little uncomfortable, it seemed okay. I also told her that, as long as she was honest with me, we could get past this.

We've been in the process of moving from our apartment into a rented house, something that's been very stressful for the both of us. Really no sex (or interest in it) until the last couple of weeks due to everything that's been going on. (I still desired her, but a half-assembled bed and a house full of boxes does not a romantic environment make.) Her friend, and his girlfriend, actually stayed with us at the house for several days last week to help out with unpacking, painting, etc. which I felt went a long way to making me more okay with things. I wasn't able to take off work, so I was out of the house from 9-5 during the day--but I didn't think there was any opportunity for incidents with the friend's girlfriend there with them.

Now, the problem I've had is that I haven't been able to repair my trust in her (which is not a surprise I think) and that I really had no way of verifying what happened between her and her friend. The overheard phone conversation that clued me in initially wasn't specific and while I thought it was too emotionally charged for just a kiss, I honestly wasn't sure. I also have a background in IT and security, and so I exercised those skills to try and get some more information--something to verify that things were getting back to normal. Things like hidden recorders, etc. I got one full conversation she had when driving with him that was all about him having trouble with money, etc., which actually got me feeling very sorry for him and started me to thinking that maybe I really was reading too much into everything. Then, I got the recorders at the house hooked up--and dumped the text message database from her phone.

The text messages, combined with some of the audio picked up at the house (when I'm not there, she talks much more freely on the phone with him) seem to have confirmed my worst fears. She talks about sexual fantasies. There's references to the kitchen floor, the back seat of her car, our old apartment. There's even recent talk about him forgetting she's not on the pill (been off several months) and what she would do if there was an accident, which makes me worried that they not only had sex, but had sex without protection. There's an exchange where she talks about how it was good that he wasn't at our wedding, because if he was there wouldn't have been a wedding. There's nothing explicit--nothing in there that says "wow, you fucked me good" or the like--but enough that I'm confident that my suspicions haven't been misplaced, and that they even had the audacity to do this in our new house while his girlfriend slept upstairs in our guest bedroom.

Here's what I'm really struggling with now. I know that if I confront her with this information, she will be furious that I've surveilled her and will want to leave just because of that--or at least she will say she does. I'm also worried that, if forced, she would choose him over me. Also, his financial situation is very bad--he only has occasional temp work, is living with his girlfriend, and he has two young children from a previous relationship that he has partial custody over. If my wife and I break up over this, I feel that I need to tell people why--but I also know that will likely mean he'll be homeless, or nearly so, and I worry about his kids. (Not so much him.)

At the same time, these texts I pulled also talk about how badly she wants to have children with me, how kind I am, etc. I love her with all my heart and I don't want to walk away from something that there's a chance of saving. I'm scared, confused, and alone. Getting this down into words has helped, and the last two weeks of thoughts have as well, but I'm in the darkness without a map. I know I need to confront her again--but I don't know how, or when. Should I give her more rope? Should I see if they fade away on their own? (It's been 7 years since we first dated, and part of me wonders if this is a "7-year-itch" situation.) Should I draw up divorce papers and send an email blast to her family? Speaking of which, I love her family--in many ways they're better than my own, and it would pain me terribly to lose them.

If anyone else here has been where I am, please let me know. Very lost here.

**TL;DR: Wife told me that the overheard incident was just a kiss, I believed her--then I started surveillance and got likely confirmation of my fears. Don't know where to go next.**

Summary:
which I felt went a long way to making me more okay with things.
Don't know where to go next.
I know I need to confront her again--but I don't know how, or when.
I also told her that, as long as she was honest with me, we could get past this.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
