Original Response:
Throwaway account, since she also has reddit.

A little about me: I'm a pretty social guy, who lives in a house with other guys at university. We tend to drink, but it's college, and since its my last semester, I'm soaking it up. Recently, I got admitted to a very good Ph.D program, gaining a full ride + decent stipend. How it happened, I don't know, but it feels awesome. Not to be cocky, but I would say I'm a mildly attractive guy, no Brad Pitt, but I ain't the Penguin either. I play a lot of Halo and Zelda in my spare time. I take life pretty easy, and like to enjoy it, though I take my career and research incredibly seriously. I just want to enjoy the short time I have on this planet and contribute to the world, so it takes a lot to really bring me down.

She is almost the anti-thesis. I have known her since high school, and we have been dating for 3 years total. I say total, because the first time we dated, I broke up with her after 6 months my sophomore year, because I partied it up way too hard and had to focus on getting my life back on track. Also, she lives 5 hours away and goes to college as well. She originally was going to med school, but "remembered how much her teacher inspired her", so she switched to that. Whatevs, its her journey, and I support anything her heart desires. She is also gorgeous.

We used to get along great: play Halo together on Xbox live, send funny pictures from Reddit to each other, etc. We could talk to each other, hung out, lots of sexy time, just general comfort and happiness. We had a great time together that year, but since then, its taken a huge downturn.

Now it seems she has gone off the rocker a little bit. Her student teaching is going poorly because she procrastinates and panics, having these pseudo-anxiety attacks. She has recently begun getting angry at me for hanging out with my roommates, because "I can't just go home and shoot the shit with my roommates like you can".. which isn't my fault. She's very anti-social now, and just can't seem to handle the stress of university any more... and maybe I'm a jerk, but being a high school teacher isn't the most demanding major. She's been blowing up at me for going to the bars, partying with "sluts" (who are usually girls in our pharmacy program here, most of them with boyfriends and none of them sluts), showing contempt at my success ("gee, wish I could just get into a program like that"), blaming me for her atheism ("I feel like a closet gay now, because I can't talk to any of my friends about religion"), and now repeatedly says that I'm the only thing she has in her life. When I told her I got into this program, she asked me how much money I was getting, and if I'd use it to visit her next year.

Because she is going to go live in Europe for a year. She has strong family over there, so she applied to a program and got accepted, and is going to go teach for a year over there, if she graduates. I'm proud of her, but still.

Then she went home with another guy drunk last week. I know him, and he is an alright guy. They left the bowling ally together, and apparently, she just "went and ate pizza at his place, slept for an hour, and drove home." Strangely, I believe her. But I was not happy, and told her that. Then I got a 4 page MS Word note saying how I need to "deal with it", including many of the things I mentioned above.

Basically, I feel like my life and outlook is going in a different direction. I came from a very poor background, and spent many years working hard to get to this point, and now that I built myself, I am so relaxed and stress free, its beautiful. She was along for the ride, which is what I believe is making this so hard. She is always very negative now, constantly angry at me for just doing the things I do (none of which involve other women or other forms of cheating), and just a general drag to even talk to. I'm hoping its a short term thing, but it's only going to get worse when she goes overseas next year, and I'm in a brand new city, starting my brand new life. She's the only old part left.

Between her recent negativity, the fact that she is going overseas next year while I move to a new place, and my laid-back lifestyle vs. her extremely uptight and conservative mannerisms, I feel like the relationship is over. She was very important to me, but... it just doesn't seem like it anymore, and the situation is only going to get more difficult. 

But maybe I'm just taking it for granted. Maybe she's the perfect one for me, and I've just grown too complacent. Maybe I'm overlooking something. We got along great in person, but won't be living near each other again for another year and a half minimum. 

Maybe its time to end it. That's why I wrote all this - hopefully someone will read through it all, and see something I don't. I'm not a perfect person, and for once, I really don't know what to do. Anything at all is appreciated.

TL;DR - I'm getting a ph.d, she's having a hard time finishing college, we won't be in the same country next year, she is getting bitter and angry at me for small things, I'm laid back, she's uptight, things were great, not so hot now.

Thanks a million for just letting me vent.

Edit: My brevity makes me come off as a dick a little bit apparently. Mainly, I'm just not happy that my SO can't be happy at my success, and instead tries to bring me down. Im proud as hell of her for going overseas, and there are a lot of good things in the relationship, but I don't think anyone would want to read anything longer than this. I have talked to her about her negative feelings, but she seems very resigned to them.

Also, looks like someone went through and just downvoted everybody. Can't explain that. Sorry.

Summary:
She was along for the ride, which is what I believe is making this so hard.
I'm not a perfect person, and for once, I really don't know what to do.
I have talked to her about her negative feelings, but she seems very resigned to them.
But I was not happy, and told her that.
I know him, and he is an alright guy.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
