Original Response:
I'm 26, he's 28. We've been together for nearly 3 years and were friends for a while prior to this.


Well, the current situation is this: I'm living with partner of 3 years. We have 1 six month old daughter together. We get on fantastically 65% of the time, we have loads in common, make each other laugh, have lots of fun, are loving and kind to one another, but the other 35% is utterly hellish. 


Basically, we fight a hell of a lot lately. Not uncommon I know, especially with a young child in the mix. But the fights happen daily. By fights, I mean someone (usually him) makes a remark intended to annoy/insult/vent frustration at the other person or clearly demonstrates their mood (by grumbling, slamming doors etc.) The other person retaliates and we end up bickering. Sometimes shouting at each other. Profanities and insults are thrown about. And I detest it.


The problem is, I'm started to feel abused. Mentally and emotionally. Let me give you a (relatively tame) example from this morning. 


We take it in turns to get up in the morning with our daughter, one day on, one day off. It was his turn this morning. Now, our daughter has a cold and has been a bit unsettled. Yesterday, I got up with her at 4am. 


This morning, she awoke at 2am. My partner got up with her, gave her some medicine, and cuddled her back to sleep. She then woke up at 4am, I got up, calmed her down, and put her back to sleep. She then woke up at 6am (usual wake up time). My partner, lies there in bed for ages listening to her cry, before finally throwing off the quilt, loud-whispering "For fuck sake" and turning the lights on in our bedroom (I believe to fully wake me up). He then turns off the lights again and really slams our bedroom door closed. 


He then takes our daughter downstairs to feed her.


So I take half an hour to properly wake up as Im blearly eyed and confused, and go downstairs. My partner is stood in the kicthen. I say "morning, how are you?" and he says "Not very good actually, I'm exhausted". So I say me too, but I'm up now, why dont you go back to bed for an hour and i'll get her ready for nursery.  He says "No there's no point" so I say "ok" and pick my daughter up to take her upstairs to get her dressed.  I come back downstairs, have some breakfast and fill in some forms our daughter needs for nursery. My partner walks past me, so I nicely ask if there's anything else that needs doing this morning. He replies by saying "HAHA! no, it's done". Now, I dont need to ask him what he means by this. He's clearly implying that I've done nothing, he's done everything. But, I decide to ask what he means anyway, and he confirms what I thought. I tell him that I have done something, I got our daughter dressed, filled in her forms and played with her so he could get ready. He just replies by saying "HA! yeah, great". So I say to him, if you want help, just ask and I'll help you. And he says "I shouldn't have to ask".


He then storms off out and takes our daughter to nursery.


He comes back home 10 minutes later and comes back to talk to me. He says, in a very grumpy tone "I dont like fighting with you, I'm just so annoyed". So I say, I understand that you're tired and annoyed, but please dont take it out on me. If you want any help from me at all, just ask and I'll do it. To which he again replies " I shouldn't have to".  (Am I wrong in thinking that he should?) I tell him I would like him to because I'm not psychic and as he gives me no indication as to what he wants me to do to alleviate his annoyance, I cant help him. 


He then tells me "i'm not your keeper, I shouldnt have to tell you do everything". To which I say, that isn't fair, I do everything I do without prompting from you. He says "like what?!", and I say, well everything that I do. He again laughs at me, and says "it's common knowledge that you don't do anything. "


Now this really hurt me, I take care of our daughter, I do the housework, I make us all a homecooked meal every night, I do all the food shopping, I take care of all our daughter's doctors appointments etc, and I'm returning to work next week. I feel as if we both do our fair share. 


I tell him this. And again reiterate that I know he's annoyed and tired, but to please not take it out on me, that we need to communicate and express our needs properly. He just says "fine". 


He then says, "right, im going to work, bye", and storms out. I then burst in to tears (typical girly reaction - but I cant control it!)


I just feel like I'm being mentally beaten down. Like no matter what he's annoyed about, he will take it out on me, usually in a way much worse than the example above. I just wish I could adaquately describe what he does to me.... The best description I can give is that he purposefully acts to upset me, and then denies it, and then complains that I overreact, am being stupid, am misunderstanding him, or he denies he has done anything completely. It's a very child-like tactic in my mind, but it makes me feel like I'm going crazy. Like I just want to scream "Why are you doing this to me?!" (which i've done once before, he simply smiled, then laughed and said "fucking hell" and shook his head, like I was being stupid.)  It's almost like he wants to push me until I snap, and when I do snap, he tries to gain power over me by laughing at how upset I am, or if I yell at him, he acts very "calm" and like he's the victim of me flying off the handle. He acts amused by my behaviour and makes out that he hasn't done anything. When he's pushed me to this point in the first place.


I just don't know what to do. I suffered from severe anxiety and depression a few years back, and feel like I'm heading back there. I do NOT want to be in that place again.


 I also feel that there is a reason my partner is behaving like this, and I want to help him with it, whatever it is.  It may be important to note that his father committed suicide 5 years ago, and he has "anger issues" as a result, he often tells me how he just feels angry all the time since his dad died, and that he wishes he wasn't like that. Could this be the root of the problems?


I just really am lost. We moved in near his family and friends, and I live a 5 hour drive away from mine, so I really don't have anyone nearby who can help me. Or who I can properly talk to. 


I think it's also important to note that I want this relationship to work more than anything, and he is a fantastic father to our daughter, he never ever acts this way towards her. 


Any advice whatsoever will be most appreciated, and please ask questions if need be. I've really just rambled quite a lot here so it may not make much sense :P



Thanks Reddit!


TL;DR - I think my partner of 3 years is emotionally abusing me and I want to get him to realise this, and work towards stopping it. How do I go about this?

Summary:
I say "morning, how are you?"
I just don't know what to do.
And he says "I shouldn't have to ask".
He says, in a very grumpy tone "I dont like fighting with you, I'm just so annoyed".
Now, I dont need to ask him what he means by this.
I do NOT want to be in that place again.
He then storms off out and takes our daughter to nursery.
I just feel like I'm being mentally beaten down.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
