Original Response:
TL;DR  

Been in love with girl for seven years. Long distance relationship-ish for the past five months. Turns out she has a boyfriend from before we started talking again but plans to leave him in two-three months. I still want to be with her. What should I do? How should I handle this?


(Really) Long version: 

Twenty-six year old male here. I met Alma (not her real name, but Alma will do) seven years ago in college. We only had one class together but we hit it off immediately, we would spend hours talking in the parking lot after class. The only problem was that we were both dating other people. The attraction between us was obvious, but neither of us ever said anything. Six months later she transferred to another university four hours away, we kept in touch by e-mail, but things cooled down after that. We were both single by then but I didn't think it would be worth it to start a long distance relationship. We would only see each other two or three times a year when she was in town visiting her parents, but every time I saw her my head would spin and wouldn't be able to stop thinking about her for weeks. 

When I graduated I moved away and the younger (and maybe wiser) me thought it would be better to forget her and move on. After all, I would probably meet someone just as great as her in my new life. I dated several girls, some of which I even found more physically attractive than her, but we never lasted more than three weeks. I couldn't help comparing them to Alma and thinking about what my life would be like if I had said something when we were back in college. 

About eight months ago, she sent me a really nice note for my 26th birthday and it made me think that maybe it just wasn't me who was thinking about what could have been. I resolved to go see her and know the truth once and for all. I wrote to her and told her I was going to be visiting my folks who live four hours away from her, and that I'd like to go see her and maybe have lunch and catch up with her. She agreed and I went to see her in November.

I showed up on her doorstep on a Sunday morning and we spent the entire day together. It was great. During lunch I casually asked her how her love life was going, and she said that she had gone on a few dates with some guy recently, but that she didn't really like him that much.  An hour later I told her how I felt and that I wanted to give "us" a try. She told me that she had always felt the same way, and that even though I had waited so long to tell her how I felt, that she wanted to see if there was still something between us. She said that she didn't want to be a "couple" but that we should stay in touch and see if it evolves into anything more meaningful. 

We started talking on the phone every day. Sometimes only for an hour or two but some weekends we spent up to six or seven hours each day. Things were going great. I fell for her, hard. She came to visit me one month after I went to see her. I showed around the city, kissed for the first time, talked into the night. We didn't have sex because she said she wanted to take it slow, it didn't bother me at all, life was perfect. We saw each other again in early January, I met her parents, we hung out where we first met, talked about seeing each other more often. 

Things just kept getting better and better. We started talking about moving in together. I offered to find a job where she lives and go to her but she insisted that we wait until she's done with school and that she would move in with me in early 2013. I have a pretty good job and she likes my city better anyway. In the mean time we would visit every two or three months and she would spend two months with me this summer. 

Last week someone commented on a picture of her on Facebook asking where Zvi (some guys name, also fake) was, because they were a nice couple. I asked her about this and after a long conversation she finally confessed that this Zvi guy was in fact her boyfriend, and that they have been dating for about a year and a half. This is the most painful thing anyone has said to me. She says that she hasn't broken up with him because they share a lot of friends and they all go to class together. She's afraid of telling him that she's leaving him for someone else.

Then she told me that she was planning on breaking up with him when the semester ends (June 1st). That way summer would be some sort of buffer for the awkwardness that would follow. She said she hadn't told me because she was afraid that I would leave her, and that she doesn't want to lose me ever again. I told her that I needed some time to think and that I would call her in a few days and we could work things out. 

What should I do? It's only been four days, but I'm still sure that despite all the pain she's caused me I still love her. I still want to be with her. After we hung up the last time, she sent me a text saying that I'm all she's ever wanted, and that she doesn't want to lose me. That's the last I've heard of her. I am still sure that I want to be with her. However, I don't want to be the "other" guy for years and then realize she never really wanted to be with me.

I am supposed to see her in April because she's my date for my best friend's wedding. My plan so far is to tell her that I don't want to be the "other" guy, that we can pick up where we left off when she breaks up with him in June. The problem with this is that I would have to un-invite her to the wedding, and that I'm scared that after two and a half months of not hearing from me that she'll choose to stay with him. After all, it's much less risky. 

The other option is to stick around, and keep business as usual, and brave the pain of knowing that she sees him everyday until she breaks up with him. However, I don't know if I'll be able to talk to her knowing that she's with someone else during the day. I also worry that if I do this, she'll just lead me on and never leave him.

I am so close. I really don't want to lose my chance at being with this girl. Is it hopeless? Any advice will be greatly appreciated.


Edit (in case anyone is interested):
I called her today and told her that I didn't want to be the other man and being just friends wasn't what I wanted either. I told her I was going to move on with my life. She said that she understood my decision and that she wanted another chance, that she would call me when they broke up. I still want to be with her, but I won't put my life on hold anymore, if she finally wants to be with me and I'm with someone else then so be it.

Summary:
I still want to be with her.
I am still sure that I want to be with her.
I told her I was going to move on with my life.
I really don't want to lose my chance at being with this girl.
She said she hadn't told me because she was afraid that I would leave her, and that she doesn't want to lose me ever again.
We started talking about moving in together.
She came to visit me one month after I went to see her.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
