Original Response:
Hey reddit, so this may be a bit long, because it's kind of complicated but I'll try to keep it as simple as I can.

So I've been in a relationship for this guy for 10 months now. At first, it was the most wonderful and awesome thing and we were so compatible and in love and whenever we saw each other it was great and awesome and I wanted to see more of him. During our first kiss, he randomly brought up that he had a girlfriend before and I was just like "alright good for you kid" and thought it was quite weird but brushed it off. They dated for a year 2 years ago. Then, after a while, he started bringing her up more, just random things like "I'm usually into older girls you know hahaha" (she's 19), or just randomly saying how he was grew very attached and dependent on her. I listened to him and though it did worry me slightly I blew it off. Then, one night, I tried to talk to him and he just said "I can't talk, it's an emergency" and I thought "ohshit" and freaked out and asked what sort and he didn't reply for like, 30 minutes and says his ex was upset. WTF. Okay...again, I just don't say anything. Also, earlier on into our relationship we made plans to both go and see a movie together that I REALLY wanted to see. After a few months, our plan wasn't brought up again and until one random day he mentions he's already seen it and hoped I didn't mind. I just jokingly said "as long as it wasn't with a girl haha" and he mentions that he saw it with, who else? The ex. That crossed the line. After that, I grew very insecure and felt very inferior and would mention at least once a week that I didn't like his relationship with her and didn't like how he ditched me for her. He just said he kept a friendship with her because he didn't want to be rude. All of this is just so you can have a background of him and her during our relationship and what not.

Okay, so then we started fighting more every day and then one day I broke it off in anger. I won't go into too much detail but it was horrible and sad and shit and I sat around waiting for him to take me back (not dignified, I know, and I regret it now that I know about what he was up to when I was moping about him) and then lo and behold, after a week of that nonsense he did. And it was great. We were back to how we were, like nothing had changed and for a few days we were normal.

 But then, one day I randomly checked his facebook messages. Now, I know this is wrong and stupid and shows how jealous and stupid I am and I'm not justifying it in any way. He left his facebook logged in, I saw an opportunity so I took it. And at first, I saw just one message from him to her saying something along the lines of "well come pick me up for lunch one day and we'll have sex in the back of your car, it can't be too different then your bed" and I was heartbroken, this one was sent on sunday which was the day after we got back together. I confronted him about it and he just said it was a joke and he promised never to talk to her again. I didn't believe him but I just said as long as nothing more happened then I'd be okay. He ASSURED me MULTIPLE TIMES that NOTHING happened. And then I read the rest of his messages with her. And I saw a few messages saying things about how they both had pictures of each other, him demanding she wear a sexy outfit "the next time it happened" and talk of lube and condoms and him saying "it was great, it was good of you to show some self-restraint and stop it" ,"I do feel a bit guilty after just being out of a relationship" and then another one "if it takes us 2 weeks or 2 months we will do it" and what not, and I even looked back further and saw a convo WHILE WE WERE DATING about her making a masturbating joke and him just saying he didn't want it to be like that. WHY THE FUCK WOULD HE STILL TALK TO HER AFTER THAT?

So anyways, I guess you can tell what happens next. We fight, he says he didn't do anything wrong because we were broken up and keeps defending himself and I don't have any of it and we broke up AGAIN and I say how we will never talk or see each other again and I was 100% serious about it. And after a few weeks, we started talking again and then one night he came over and one thing led to another and we had sex. It was a fun night but I did feel a bit stupid with myself for letting it happen, but I told him I forgave him, and I thought I'd be able to.  Day after that, I'm hanging out with a mutual friend and he tells me that bf said somethin about his ex like "she's still a virgin, I should just fuck her" and so he did. I got really pissed about it, and since we weren't OFFICIALLY back together, I did something stupid and hooked up with the dude friend. Not sex though. Bf found out, got really pissed off and said he DIDN'T have sex with the ex. Well, after a while he decided to forgive me too. 

Now, after a few weeks I still haven't forgiven him for what he did with his ex and how he lied to me. I know most of you will say "well he was single" "you did something just as bad" and all of that, but he says he's forgiven me for that. I haven't forgiven myself though, nor him. I still get this sick and sad feeling in my gut to think of it and I have grown a lot more sad all of the time and sometimes, every few days or so, I'll get this thought and feeling that I want to break up but then it goes away after an hour. I've lost sleep thinking about him and her, I think about it every day and it makes me feel like a piece of shit and like he was never over her and that he was using me because I'm a young naive piece of shit. We've talked about it more times and more details came out and he says all that happened between the ex and him was one night at the mutual friend's house, he was messaging her and she picked him up and they went back to her house and made out for 5 minutes, he stopped it and they went to sleep. They slept in the same bed. Together. But no, he says it wasn't like that, right? No, it's just two people planning to have sex and who made out who slept in the same bed, right? He says he immediately regretted it, but not enough to GO THE FUCK HOME AND NOT SLEEP IN THE SAME BED AS HER. Okay. This pisses me off more than anything. If you message a girl for a few days, begging for sex and nudes and then sleep with her after making out with her, how could oyu say you "regret" it? Sorry. This turned into a rant. I'll get to the point.

I could use some advice, some words of wisdom, some criticism, some similar stories, etc. I just want to know if I can/should forgive him or what else could be done? I still love him and all but I just always feel so sad and sick and stupid about all of this that it's taken an effect on my and my sleep and my schoolwork and friendships. 

TL;DR: bf[17m] of 10 months fucked up a few months ago, did things with ex[19f] while broken up and lied about it but I'm still not over it and just want advice.

Summary:
I haven't forgiven myself though, nor him.
But then, one day I randomly checked his facebook messages.
Now, after a few weeks I still haven't forgiven him for what he did with his ex and how he lied to me.
Okay...again, I just don't say anything.
But no, he says it wasn't like that, right?
And then I read the rest of his messages with her.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
