Original Response:
This is kind of a hot-mess situation and all the connections are complicated, so I'll try to explain it as best I can. Thank you for reading. Okay, I live in a flat with three roommates... second year living together with my roommates and we all get along really well. My closest friend among my roommates is Rebecca (23f)... We have an awesome platonic friendship and go to each other for advice about all sorts of things. Just for anonymity's sake I won't disclose my exact age, but its somewhere in-between 22 and 25. I am a guy. 

Since about January/February Rebecca's little sister has been spending a lot of time at our place. Her little sister is still in high school and a few years younger than us... again for anonymity's sake no actual ages but 15-17. There was some family drama at home, and she liked hiding out at our place to get away from it. I'm a friendly person, and have always been like a helper and I wanted to let Katie (her sister) feel welcome. Our other roommates weren't too fond of her because of the intrusion into our lives. So somehow, Katie and I struck up a friendship. 

I don't know what it says about me (if anything) that I could become close friends with a teenager, but for whatever reason we did become good friends. She would spend a lot of time just hanging out in my room, reading, watching shows while I worked on some of my own work, and we just started to get comfortable around one another. Rebecca did talk to me like early into Katie spending time with me, and just told me basically that she trusted me and that she appreciated me looking out for Katie. 

We just became closer over the rest of February, March, April. We would text all day, and spend a lot of time together. Katie isn't a typical teenager in the.... Vampire Diaries XD sense. She is a really smart girl and she is way, way more mature than her age would suggest. I would just talk to her about what was going on at home, school, and listen to her. What else... we watched shows together and it was all very innocent and friendly. 

In April, things changed some. Katie and Rebecca were gone on a family trip over Spring Break, and I partied (which is out of character) for the week they were gone. I met someone at a club, and we hooked up. First hook-up since the end of my LTR relationship in November. So, long time coming. The club girl and I just hooked up repeatedly for that week, and we started to date. We were not jumping into things and I wasn't out and out with the new girlfriend. Katie is at our place after the trip and we are hanging out and she sees some stuff that the club girl (not the best title but it'll work) left, and starts freaking out. Just going off on me and starts crying and weeping. 

I've never been great with girl's crying and I had no clue how to react. Katie's reaction kind of threw me, and I didn't know what to do. I tried to calm her down, apologize, and I asked her what was wrong and what she wanted me to do..... She wasn't responding really and I asked her if she wanted me to break up with the new girlfriend. At that point she says yes and she likes me and that she hated that I would have sex with anyone else....................

I told her to leave once she said that and told her it could never happen. Didn't talk to her for a few days, and tried to figure things out. Ended up deciding to break up with the new girlfriend anyways, and just wait on a new relationship. I realized that I valued Katie's feelings more than I did the new girl's. Katie wasn't over at our place since I told her to leave, and I was missing her too. I texted her to come over and told her I had to tell her something. She comes over and I tell her I want to still be friends and that I care about her, but not in that way. But that I did break up with the other girl. She said she was sorry and so happy that I listened. And then she kissed me, or tried to kiss me at least. And then apologized like immediately after. I felt bad about freaking out at her before, so I let it go and said we agreed not to do that and then pulled her in and kissed her on the forehead. 

Rest of April, is back to normal. We are friendly and things are I guess a little closer, but there are no fights or anything and no more kisses of any sort. Katie is at our place more than ever though, and we start doing more and more things together. Two weeks ago, Katie is staying over at her sister's (normal occurance), and I decided to go out. I roll back into our flat at like 2AM, still very, very drunk and just flop onto my bed. 

Next morning, I wake up and I'm spooning Katie and we are in the same bed. I''m just in my boxers and she is wearing like night clothes (tank top/boy shorts)... I just laid there not sure of what to do, and waited for her to wake up. I didn't remember anything from last night, and I kind of liked how it felt, having her pressed up on me. Just from like a human touch feeling. When she wakes up, she says she heard a huge thump and that I rolled off of my bed so she came in to check on me. And then she just decided to stay over. 

She was telling the truth, and I thanked her for getting me into bed and apologized for being so drunk. And then I did the same forehead kiss thing that I did before, and she like cuddled/rolled on top of me and started kissing me hard. I didn't have the same strength I did before, and I went with and started kissing her back. And it was amazing. We made out for a while and I took her top off and kissed her and felt her up. We did the whole dry-humping thing too, but then we stopped. 

I didn't kick her out or anything, but I realized how fucking dumb I was being. We cuddled in bed for a bit longer, and then I left to work on some stuff. Didn't talk to her for the rest of the weekend. We had a talk of where things were a few days later, and I told her I care about her so much, but we can't be together like that. That I'm too old for her, that Rebecca would kill me, and that we both would get in trouble. To which she told me she loved me. 

That was ten days ago. Since then I've been doing my best to keep away from her, and she has been laying a bit low. We have texted some and we are on good terms and all, but I'm trying to figure out what to do. I don't know if I love her.... I do care about her a lot, but love is strong. If I'm being honest, I am attracted to her despite the age difference. I just don't know what to do right now. I don't want to hurt her, but I feel like ending things would hurt her too. 

**tl;dr I've somehow become close friends with my roommate's little sister. I care about her a lot, but worry about the age difference, stigma, creepiness factor. She says she love me, and I don't know what to do or what I've done.**

Summary:
I don't know if I love her....
We would text all day, and spend a lot of time together.
We were not jumping into things and I wasn't out and out with the new girlfriend.
I just don't know what to do right now.
But that I did break up with the other girl.
She says she love me, and I don't know what to do or what I've done.
Didn't talk to her for a few days, and tried to figure things out.
I do care about her a lot, but love is strong.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
