Original Response:
So here's my story. It's a tad bit long

I'm a 22M and she's a 23F. We met years and years ago and were good friends at the time, though due to college we went a long time without talking with eachother. 

We recently started chatting again a couple weeks ago and decided to go get a beer together. We had a very pleasant time catching up and cracking jokes at eachother and she was even giving me alot of touching. It was at this point that I started getting the notion that she was digging me. After the beers we went for a walk and she got even more touchy. She'd laugh at just about everything I said and I made sure to keep eye-contact with her and touch her back. A couple hours later she needs to leave for church. Since I felt she was really digging me, I invited her to a movie afterwards. So that evening we meet up to go see the movie and I notice that she is alot touchy-feely. When I go put my arm around her, she doesn't reciprocate by leaning into me. After the movie, we leave on slightly awkward terms. I suspect that there is another fellow at her church that she is interested in, which distracted her from me. The next day I text her apologizing for making her feel uncomfortable (I know, probably a dumb thing to do). She responds that it's totally okay, she just wasn't expecting it. I then joke and say that next time I'll give her a written 24-hour notice.

Over the next two weeks, we continue texting eachother and I decide that since I pretty much already showed my interest at the movie theater, that there is no point in withholding a flirtatious comment. So our text conversations continue with me flirting alot with her and she is generally very receptive and even flirts back a bit. 

So lets fast foward to Saturday. By this point, she is always the one who initiates our text conversations. We meet up at a restaurant for lunch and have a pleasant conversation with ample flirting. Since we still have alot of time before she needs to leave, we decide to go to the river front park and ride the carousel together. We have a good time and then after leaving the carousel, she turns to me and says, "Appearantly we make a cute couple.". I give her an inquisitive look and she tells me that's what the lady running the carousel told her. It was a rather bittersweet thing to hear. On one hand, it was really nice to think of us as a couple. On the otherhand, I knew that we weren't.

The next day (yesterday), she initiates a text conversation once again and we chat for a couple hours and she eventually tells me that she's been feeling rather melancholy. I call her. She picks up the phone and we talk for about an hour so I can cheer her up. I then offer to go buy her a beer and she tells me that it's really tempting, but she informs me that every time she goes somewhere with a boy her mother always gives her the stink-eye because her mom doesn't want her leading anyone on, and if we do go somewhere that I'll have to come in and say hello to her parents (Keep in mind that I had been friends with her family several years prior). I agree saying that I love talking to her parents (as they are quite fun to chat with). So I head over, and say hi to both her parents and have a nice fun chat with her mom before we decide to head out.

Once we get to the bar, we order our drinks and then start flirt chatting with eachother. We get to talking about past relationships and she tellls me that part of the reason she was hesitent to come to the bar with me that night is that she has a bad habit of hurting guys. I ask what she means, and she goes into telling me that she's had bad situations where guys she wasn't even dating will flat out tell her that they are in love with her (a suicide move if you ask me). I sympathise with her, and she then asks me what my motivation is behind flirting with her so much, whether it's because I think it's fun or if I'm wanting something more. I tell it's because it makes her smile. She's like, "Good. I just really don't want to hurt someone else, because I love hanging out with you so much". I'm thinking, to myself, "Great, I'm heading right for the friend-zone".

So, we finish our drinks and decide to go on a walk to wear off the effects of the alcohol. Bear in mind that she is still very touch-feely with me, and laughs at nearly everything I say. When we get back to my car, I turn on the heater and mention that I'm really tired. She then smiles and asks if I'm ticklish. I tell her that i'm extremely ticklish, buf if she tickles then I'll tickle back. 

She laughs and says, "Well, I can think of another way to wake you up, but it isn't very appropriate for friends". I decide to play dumb and say, "Well, now I'm curious!" She then responds, "Now I kinda want to do it just cause you're curious". Still playing dumb I say, "Try me."

She then leans in right  up to my mouth and whispers, "Now do you see what I'm talking about?" And then leans away again. I grin respond, "Now I see what you're talking about...and it's actually really tempting". She then says, "I know, it's tempting for me too, but first, I'm a firm believer that it's the guy who needs to make the move..." I lean in close, ...but we really shouldn't since we aren't dating". I reply, "We both want it though..." and lean in closer. She locks our lips and we start making out.

After a while, we decide that I should drive her home, and to my surprise, she isn't awkward about what just happened at all and we keep talking to eachother during the ride home just like we normally do, with lots of playful teasing and jest.

We arrive at her place and I tell her that I'll walk her to the door. She smiles, looking really impressed. We hug at the door and I leave feeling awesome.

Now it's today (3/26). I'm not planning on texting her until she texts me first (unless that's a bad idea), but I really wan't to know how to bring up what happened to her last night and let her know that I'm okay with it.

I feel like she is definitely into me and I can tell from her body language, but I get the impression that her past experiences of boys falling on their faces professing their undying love to her, has left her a bit cold. How do I get her past this fear of letting me down? Since we get along so well together as friends, I just wan't to show her that we'd have a really good time as a couple and that I'm not the type to fall in love so quickly like all the other boys she's hurt. 

**tl;dr: An old friend of mine and I have been starting to hang out with eachother. There is some mutual attraction, but she has reservations since she doesn't want to let me down**

What would you do /r/relationships?

Summary:
I tell it's because it makes her smile.
I decide to play dumb and say, "Well, now I'm curious!"
She then smiles and asks if I'm ticklish.
She smiles, looking really impressed.
Still playing dumb I say, "Try me."
We recently started chatting again a couple weeks ago and decided to go get a beer together.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
