Original Response:
First off, before I air out my grievances about my dad, let me mention the positive things about him. He's pretty much spent his whole life working extremely hard to make sure that our family has a good life. When my parents got married, they were not rich. They worked hard and became well off and established. I respect and admire them a lot for that. We (me and my bro) never felt that we ever lacked anything material (food, clothes, etc) in our life. Even as young adults, money is not something we do not have to worry about, and my dad is still working just as hard.

I should also point out that my dad did not have a father growing up. And his mom was super strict, I'm sure he was physically punished many time to the point where it would be considered torture (caining, whipping, etc)

Now the sad part: ( I'll break them up, so I don't confuse the reader or myself)

My dad is horrible with emotions, he bottles everything up. We have never really had a conversation about anything ( unless he is lecturing me about the same thing over and over again for 45 mins).

He treats my mom with very little respect. Even though she's the one who raised my brother and me. My dad just provided the money, but no participation on day to day up bringing. They have always fought, every single day for the 14 years (I'm 24 now) of clear memory that I have of them. And I've hated it more and more everyday. He's always had this attitude of, I've provided them with money, I've done my bit.

All major decisions that affect everyone in the family are made unilaterally by him, with no consultation or even a head's up.

A great example of this is, when I was 13 my dad decided that our home town did not have good schools so I should go to the capital city (Dhaka) to study since the schools are better there. So every December I go to that city to visit my maternal grand parent's place with my mom. So I go to visit like always, and soon it's time to go back home. But this time it's different, 1 week before we have to go home I am told that this is where I live from now on. I will go to school here and that was it. No discussion, no warning nothing. By the time I even realized what was happening, I was already in my new school. The whole thing was dad's idea. As luck would have it, my grand parent's are extremely conservative. So I went from a relatively normal kid to just going to school and back for the next 4 years. I never got to hang out, play any sports ( because I would be kidnapped if I go outside), or have a gf ( because I would be killed). And my dad knew how these people were. During my time in Dhaka, my dad would call me every few weeks to talk for 10 mins.

I hold a lot of resentment towards my dad for this. I blame him for missing out on the normal stuff everyone else got to do that I did not, especially the sports thing. I don't blame my grandparent's at all for this, since they we're always like this. Even though they had no reason to talk care of me, I've always felt at home, welcomed and loved there.

But things got better after a few years and I was getting more and more freedom. It was awesome. Soon it was time for university. And I really wanted to study economics, since I was in love with the subject and specialized in it from grades 10 -12. When I started to apply, he all of a sudden started to pressure me to study law. He spent weeks lying and manipulating me to change my major. I kept telling him I did not want to be a lawyer, but he never listens anyway. He enlisted his elder brother's help and eventually I caved as a stupid spineless 19 year old ( this to me is the biggest mistake I have ever made ).

So I get enrolled to an extremely good university in the UK to study law. With in the first 3 months I realized I hated it. I would tell my dad how much I hated it there but true to form he dismissed it as me just being lazy and unmotivated. So I spent the next 3 years hating what I study, hundreds of miles away from home, isolated myself with no real friends, fell into a deep depression and started smoking a lot of pot (24/7) . I never felt so lonely in my life, but I still somehow managed to graduate.

Unfortunately an undergraduate degree in law doesn't mean anything in Bangladesh (where I'm from). So I have to get enrolled for a post graduate law degree ( 1 year course) to actually be employable as a lawyer. I did not want to do this at all, but my dad started his whole I've paid for all this, you can study econ later, etc, etc.

but after spending 3 years, a lot of emotional pain, an addiction and a boat load of money to get the law degree, I felt that I should go through this as well. This an extremely hard course with a 50% fail rate, but I still managed to graduate last November. This was the most difficult period of my life, I was constantly swamped with work I never wanted to do, extremely depressed, lonely and constantly wanted to kill myself but never went through with it due to guilt.

As a result of all this, I am boiling with resentment towards him. I kind of blame him for all the things I've missed out on life. My experience at university felt closer to torture than an education. I have missed out on most experiences like having a father figure (he never taught me anything) , a close group of friends, a gf, playing any sport, studying what I like, etc, etc. I am full of fear and anger when I realize that I will be a practicing lawyer in a few weeks time.

I am full of regret and resentment when I look back at my last 12 years. I wish I learned to stand up for myself or made better decisions for myself. But none of things I knew how to do at that time because of how I was raised. I had no idea what depression was until I was a complete addict. I'm doing better now with everything, except that I can't stop crying at night.

Here's where I am struggling now: I don't know if all this hate towards my dad is justified. At the end of the day he did make sure were were always comfortable, and he worked very hard as well. However, I hate that I never got to have any say in my own life for the last 12 years I was so depressed and miserable during this time. I felt more like a pseudo slave than a son. My head has been in constant turmoil for the last few months. I'm always sad, angry, regretful or terrified but never happy.

I realized the hard way that I am responsible for my own happiness and am working my way towards that. But I cannot seem to let go of these constant thoughts of hate and resentment towards my dad. But at the same time feel ungrateful and guilty since he did take care of me.

So my question is weather or not all this feelings are justified and how do I deal with them? I need to come to terms with my dad and my past some how, but nothing has worked so far. I am relapsing to drugs again, which I so not wasn't to do. I know some people will tell me to get therapy, but there aren't any in Bangladesh. Any advice on how to deal with this would be greatly appreciated. And thank you very much for reading this mess.

TL;DR: 12 years of doing whatever dad told me to do, even if I did not want to. Resulted in depression, addiction, anorexia and loss of most life experiences. Now full of regret and resentment towards him. Don't know how to deal with feelings. And also unsure if feelings are me not taking responsibility for being a shitty human being.

Summary:
I will go to school here and that was it.
I hold a lot of resentment towards my dad for this.
But things got better after a few years and I was getting more and more freedom.
I kind of blame him for all the things I've missed out on life.
TL;DR: 12 years of doing whatever dad told me to do, even if I did not want to.
I don't blame my grandparent's at all for this, since they we're always like this.
So I get enrolled to an extremely good university in the UK to study law.
And my dad knew how these people were.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
