Original Response:
Sorry for the crazy long post, just wanted to include enough of the backstory...

I moved for grad school and instantly met a guy who I had a really great connection with. We were not each others types at first, but were always drawn to each other. After about 6 months we decided to change our close friendship into an EXCLUSIVE FWB situation. We thought there would be no harm because we were so close, but did not feel romantically inclined toward one another. On top of the fact that I was not emotionally ready for a new relationship and he was not either. And we always promised that our friendship would come first, even if we ended things.

Since we had the same group of friends at school, we decided not to tell anyone that we were hooking up. Flash forward however and about 5 months after we had been hooking up, we both talked about having more significant feelings for one another. -I know you probably all saw that coming from a mile away- He was actually the one to bring it up to because he started to ask about being worried about me finding someone new. We discussed things and it was clear that we were both in a place that we could have feelings for one another if we let our guards down. He however was hesitant to make it an official relationship, he said that he was not ready to tell his family-we are from different cultures- and he always got very easily upset as he did not think that his parents would accept it.

We basically decided that we both had romantic and emotional feelings for each other, so we would just continue to be in an exclusive relationship but that we would not be bf/gf. He said that he was not ready for that and did not want a girlfriend. I felt that I was being understanding and as long as we were together and both happy, I trusted him and didn't need the title of gf or to have our friends and families know at that time. We became best friends over time as we got closer and closer. We really had a very special bond and connection and were truly so comfortable around each other. We talked about everything and were so close. We talked all day long and saw each other, outside of school, many days a week (romantically and friendly but admittedly the lines were blurred after a while, obviously).

We did always discuss that we would just be together and be happy with each other and that if he could never get past the cultural difference in so far as telling his family, then we would end things and just be friends. I knew that he did not want a "gf" (even though we were both already treating eachother as bf/gf) but I stayed because we talked many times about everything and he has admitted that he cared about me more than any other girl in his life and that he felt that I was perfect for him and the type that he would want to marry. I know now that I should have put my foot down around this time and not settled for our real but hidden relationship. But he had told me many times the he was afraid for how seriously he felt for me and how connected we were. Even though our friends all suspected, we never told anyone.

Recently, after a night where he came over just because he missed me and we just cuddled and watched tv and fell asleep, he went out the next night and cheated on me. He told me right after. I was completely blindsided and crushed. I knew that we were going to most likely end at some point though so after some time of saying we weren't going to be anything. I decided that if it was what we both wanted, we could still work to be friends, even though we knew that would be hard. I was not accepting of him cheating on me, but I never wanted to lose my best friend.

We decided we would work on being friends, but I realized that I was the only one really putting in any effort. On top of this he continued to see the girl that he cheated on me, who was a random girl when it happened. To make matters worse he had told me that he is not sure, but that maybe there is a future with her---she is the same ethnicity as me.

As you can imagine I was shocked, hurt, confused..all of the above. Basically, he tried to say that he was just not as attracted to me as he would have wanted to be. I think he was just really afraid of how seriously he felt for me and was looking for a way out. I can't believe we were what we were for 3 years with out attraction- initial attraction I get because we were not each others type, but overall attraction - i feel like it was just a cowardly excuse. When he told me all of this we had been talking about how to be better friends and I was so blindsided that I agreed that I still want to be friends. Since then, I have maintained that stance, but it has been terribly difficult as he had made very little effort to do so.

I hate how everything ended and I hate how things are and while I know that with everything that has happened the romantic part of us needs to be over, I never wanted our friendship to be over too. But it appears that I am the only one left hurting and caring. He doesn't make much of an effort to hang out or talk and pretty much always has a reason to not hang out when I ask. He recently, out of the blue, messaged me thanking me for fighting for our friendship even with everything he has put me through. And if he can acknowledge that then I don't understand why there is no effort on his part.

I know that you can never assume how someone else is feeling or dealing with something, but it sure does not appear to be affecting him much. And I imagine that aside from being the type to easily wall things off he has a new girl around to be a distraction as well. Where as I am working to accept the complete 180 of my routine and life with out not only my romantic partner, but also my best friend. I know that I am a great person and was great to him, but I can't do anything about how he is acting and it hurts just the same.

I feel like there has been a death of a friend and I am left with such an empty space in my life. I know that this is all normal. But I also know that everyone says only space and time will make anything better. I just cannot accept completely walking away and admitting the loss of my best friend. I know that he wronged me and I am very mad about that. But I am also sad because of how much more than a relationship gone wrong. Is there any hope for a friendship? How do I know when it is the right time to walk away? Will I ever feel less betrayed by my best friend?

tl;dr: Was cheated on and lost my relationship of 3 years, decided we would try to be friends, but he is not putting in any effort. I know I should walk away but, accepting losing your best friend and relationship is tough.

Summary:
I know that this is all normal.
We talked about everything and were so close.
I decided that if it was what we both wanted, we could still work to be friends, even though we knew that would be hard.
How do I know when it is the right time to walk away?
I was not accepting of him cheating on me, but I never wanted to lose my best friend.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
