Original Response:
Everything she said was true. I did all those things. I cheated. I asked for proof. I even ended up harassing her at times. It’s sad and CRAZY I know. Let me tell you how this all began more than two years ago. 
	I met Chess86 through a good friend of mine. I just got out of a rocky relationship.  So did she. We talked, and we talked some more. We could not get enough of each other. We would have endless conversations about everything to nothing.  The relentless corny jokes that wouldn’t fade always made our day.  The countless activities we had in common. It was the best feeling I’ve felt in my whole life. I am 29 years old now, and still I can’t even think that this "falling in love" actually happened to me. It was terrible timing though since chess86 already had plans of migrating to the US. I came in to her life a tad bit late. But since we both felt that this could be the MYTH that everyone talks about and dreams of having, the feeling of constant bliss, we decided to try the DREADED long distance relationship. At first we were facing a total of 5 years, since she was planning on getting her green card. During this time, we were just spending each day like it was our last. Barely sleeping, waking up early just to go through HOURS AND HOURS of heavy traffic just to spend even 5 minutes together. But you all should know that chess86 was new to all of this, and is kind of an introverted and extremely shy individual.  Shed prefer to keep to herself. so she did, tried to fight her feelings off, she decided to lie to me about going to a party...she had no ride, it was rush hour, and i offered to drive across town to take her to the event she had to attend. but she declined and said she got lucky, her dads driver got home in time to take her. so i said ok, have a good one. at one point on her way to this party, i call and ask if everything was ok, traffic wise ... only for her to tell me that it wasn’t in fact her driver taking her to the party, But her X Bf that she constantly told me about (cheater and a loser) so of course i did what any guy would have and got pissed. we made up and fixed things and said it wasn’t something to worry about, but that shed have to gain my trust back. 

        Skipping the rest of the mushy stuff, we managed to pull through. Now, day of departure arrives... i spend all night at her folk’s place just talking and being all gay and sad and shit. we start to talk, and i explained to her that I’ve been through a lot before her and was insecure and stuff, and i asked her one last time, are you sure you want to push through with the LONG DISTANCE- she says yes (instead of taking my alternate idea -- which was to put things on hold until we see each other again) so i tell her, we can make this easy by keeping in contact, always sharing experiences through phone calls, text messages, instant messages, sharing photos of memorable times we encounter while we were apart. But since she was so shy and worried that she would look “baduy” as wed call it ( baduy = corny ) she failed to reciprocate and give the simple nice gestures back in return. As weeks went by, shed disappear from contact for a day, or long hours without a reply or anything. So just like any other person would, i felt frustrated, insecure, and paranoid.  And as this continued, i wanted out (but no matter how i tried, i couldn’t stand the thought of losing that feeling that could only come once in a life time) i grew bitter and resentful. Id worry about all these guy friends of her who would call or message and what not to the point that i went nuts and got into verbal arguments with them (like a motherF’n  8th grader.)

       Months had gone by and we started to slip. She felt she needed a friend to vent out (she didn’t pick me - the guy who spent ALL HIS FREE TIME INFRONT OF A LAPTOP.)  She decided to confide in her X bf (guy who took her to the party.) i lost it. Trust was gone. Nice guy was gone. The asshole entered. Despite all this we still wanted to push through. now here comes the part where in ALL OF YOU SAID I WAS TERRIBLE, i got drunk and slept with my X girlfriend and bragged about it to my best friend ( as any guy would do just to recover the pride he’s lost through months of an almost emotionless S.O. (she even ditched me on my birthday that year and got drunk somewhere with her uncle) i started doing some drugs, drinking a lot, and at my lowest point, i just forced my way into her privacy. i did the unspeakable, i asked for her passwords to her cellphone log (Verizon) email and shit. and true enough, just as anyone would while having access to personal information would, i broke her trust and went over board by getting in touch with people i shouldn’t have making a fool out of myself. 

      To recap, the proof you all are talking about, it never started that way. Id constantly send her photos of places and people id see TO SHARE THE MOMENT THAT MEANT SOMETHING TO ME WITH THE PERSON I LOVED SO MUCH WHO WAS ACROSS THE WORLD , not to prove that I was doing what i said i would.  I’d send her messages throughout the day. it was so CORNY that id even tell her what snack i got from the gas station on my way to work spend 50c per text message. and for what ?to get an empty screen on my laptop at times without any heads up that she had made plans and decided not to tell me that she had canceled our INTERNET DATE. That’s just stomping on your heart and spitting on it , well at least for me. 

      So in the end, the once sweet and very understanding and willing to compromise for anything guy vanished. What was left? a drunk meth head who’s soul had been stripped away by guilt, by shame, and by HIS LOVE herself,chess86.

      So with the story to back up her original thread, was i really abnormal? I mean why ask for some photos to share when in the end shed just say ALL YOU WANT IS PROOF! NO IM NOT GIVING IT!
We’ve been broken up for 4 months i think up until December when she realized that this loser of a bf she had in Jersey was no comparison to how I’d make her laugh and how I’d make her melt with the LITTLE things I’d do for her day in and day out, she called me up a few weeks ago and said “I’m going home to you if you’re willing to try this one more time.” And my heart stopped, and went for it in a blink of an eye. (Chess86, yes i was also dating a bunch of boring ass losers just like yours)

 I love you, Ces.  All i want is for you to love me back the way i love and treat you (before all the frustration and bitterness) 

....her initial thread was from an argument we had last night about heading to AC on her one and only day off that we spend playing online games together. 

Peace,
Dave

Summary:
I did all those things.
We talked, and we talked some more.
I even ended up harassing her at times.
During this time, we were just spending each day like it was our last.
I just got out of a rocky relationship.
Everything she said was true.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
