Original Response:
Hi reddit, first ever post after lurking for a long time, bear with me.

About 4 months ago I started seeing a coworker of mine. I had just broken up with my first real life and she kind of came into my life a week after we broke up. Problem: she had a boyfriend of 4 years. I didn't care much because I was very much into her (yes, you may hate me for this), and she made it clear that they were having problems and she was having serious doubts. This went on for about 3 months. During this time we slept together, had sex, the whole 9 yards. We connected, and she was the polar opposite of my ex-gf, something I really needed. During this time I told her she should take her time thinking about what she wanted with her bf etc. I tried as much as possible not pushing her into breaking up. I wanted her to break up with him, of course, but because she felt like it, not because I pushed her or forced a decision.  She thought I was too sweet for her, and thought I was crazy giving her 3 months to do so. Maybe so, but I really like this girl, so what can you do..

About a month ago she broke up with her bf. I was over the moon. We had been dating in secret for such a long time, now we could finally start dating out in the open and do more things together etc. Or so I thought. We decided to not immediately make things official, since she just got out of a relationship, but we started dating 'exclusive'. We saw each other 1/2x a week, everything went well. We talked a lot, I wanted to make sure she was ready for this etc. Tried being understanding about her being single for a while, but I told her I'd waited for 3 months, so there was no way I was gonna let her run wild now. She agreed, and told me she was fine with this and understood me perfectly. We had conversations about this every other week mostly, just because I was trying to make sure she felt we were doing the right thing.

Then, due to circumstances we didn't see each other 3 weeks. She was ill, went on holiday with her parents, etc. Before she left I felt a little distance, we talked about it: she said she thought we might be moving a little fast for her liking. She didn't know for sure if she was ready for a new relationship so fast etc. She said however she was more then willing to keep this going, and had no intention of ending our 'exclusive' dating situation.

She came back from her holiday, and we agreed to see each other this friday. However yesterday I get a text from her that she kissed another guy while drunk. She also told me she wasn't ready for an exclusive commitment and wanted to be single for a while. I was devastated, devastated being an understatement. I just couldn't understand why, what went wrong, why she didn't tell me earlier, etc. I asked her if she wanted to end things, and at that moment she said yes. I told her we should meet up and discuss this in person to make a final decision. **NOTE: she texted me because she was afraid some1 had seen her. She was planning on telling me in person this friday, but was afraid some1 would tell me before, which she wanted to avoid. ** 

I was heartbroken. We decided to meet up today. She came to my place, and we talked. A LOT. She said she felt terrible, like she cheated on me, she said she was very sorry etc. I told her how devasted I was, etc. Eventually I suggested we should keep on seeing eachother, but that we could also hook up with others. We agreed that we weren't ready to break things up because we still really like eachother. She was hesitant at first, but then fully agreed. She said she was afraid we were gonna hurt eachother with this arrangement, which I partially agreed on. But as said, we weren't/aren't ready to let go. We would try this for a while, and then see where we would be at, dating/relationwise. She told me this might just be somethign which she needed to get out of her system etc., and that she would probably feel really fucking crappy if I told her I hooked up with someone else. After this we made love, she almost cried saying how sorry she was, told me she loved me (we'd told eachother this before) etc.

My 'problem' is this: I don't like her hooking up with other guys. I don't know if/when she is gonna do this. I told myself however I should just turn the switch and sit this one out since I really like her. My friends are 50/50. Some say: dump this bitch, find someone who is totally committed to you/fuck this bullshit, you probably cannot trust her. The others say: we think she likes you, but we understand her side, she just got out, might feel a bit trapped, and maybe this is what she needs to realise just how much she really likes you. I'm in the middle. I want to trust her, we've been honest about everything towards eachother and I want to give her space. On the other hand, they might be right: shouldn't I just end things because she might just be stringing me along?

I need some advise: people who have experienced something along these lines, general advice: is this going somewhere or is this just the beginning of the end? How long should I let this go on? Am I a fool for even attempting this and am I being blinded by love for a beautiful girl? Should I use this opportunity to make her jaleous by hooking up with some1 else (or telling her I did whithout doing so) to see how she would react? I feel I 'owe' her one right now..

Something short about me:

* I'm 23 years old, have only had 1 girlfriend in the past (which lasted 2 years)
* I'm quite the emotional/sensitive guy, it's hard to get mad/upset about some things for me
* I'm also lack confidence in some departments. I'm happy with myself, but due to a 'late' start with girls (21 y/o virgin) I feel like I miss a lot of experience in the relationship department, so making the right choices in situations like this is hard..

Thanks for this wall, any help is much appreciated.

EDIT: I need to add to this that she hasn't told anybody of our involvement, is this extra weird?

**TL;DR: I started dating a girl who, at the time had a bf. They broke up, we started dating exclusive. We took things slowly, I told her she could take her time settling into things because she just got out of a relationship. She agreed. Then, after not seeing her for 3 weeks, she tells me she kissed another guy, and couldn't do the exclusive thing anymore. We met up, I suggested we keep on seeing eachother, but could hook up with others. She said she felt like shit for doing it, and still loves/likes me. Did I make the right decision suggesting this, and is there a possible future for us together? Help me out! **

Hope I placed this in the correct subreddit, if not, many apologies will be supplied.

Summary:
I told her how devasted I was, etc.
We talked a lot, I wanted to make sure she was ready for this etc.
We met up, I suggested we keep on seeing eachother, but could hook up with others.
My 'problem' is this: I don't like her hooking up with other guys.
We agreed that we weren't ready to break things up because we still really like eachother.
**TL;DR: I started dating a girl who, at the time had a bf.
I was over the moon.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
