Original Response:
You know that weird feeling you get when you realize you talk too much about someone, and then you consciously stop yourself from talking about them, so it doesn't seem like you keep thinking about them, lest your other friends think something weird is happening? Yeah, that's been happening a lot to me lately. So the next best thing is just to vent feelings to strangers on the interwebs...

This is going to be long, but I promise it does deal with personal issues. I’ll include a TL;DR at the bottom.

A lot has happened since the last story. One of the most noteworthy would probably be a road trip that I took with Edmond, and some other very close friends. 

Nearly every weekend I see Edmond when he comes to visit me and my roommates. He works and lives about 1.5 hours away from me in the next major city, but he tells me that he enjoys spending his time here with us, since most of our friends have settled near where I live. In fact, I'm probably going to see him tomorrow as he gets back from an out of state trip, since he says he's to visit before going back home.

I never thought I'd make such a close knit group of friends, just like the show, Friends. But that's really how close I am with about 6 people, (2 couples, as single girl, and two other single guys, including Edmond). We planned a road trip up to another major city (popular touristy place, leaving it out for more anonymity) one of my friend's parents' place, since they were out of the country. The 7 hour drive up was great; we took a minivan up together and we had deep conversations, sang loudly to old songs, slept, and stopped a couple of times for gas and bathroom breaks. 

Finally when we arrived, we took into awe the beautiful home we were to stay in, or at least what we could see in the middle of the night. Being in one of the most expensive cities in the world, it must have been at least over a million dollars. It was a four bedroom home, and everyone was calling out which bed they were going to sleep in. My friend, who was hosting, volunteered to take the master bedroom (his girlfriend felt a little weird about it knowing that his parents slept there regularly, but realized that it made the most sense since everyone else felt weirder haha). The other couple took another full bedroom, the single girl took another bedroom with a twin bed, and the single guy took the couch. This left the last bedroom with the full sized bed for Edmond and myself.

It’s fine, Edmond and I have slept in the same bed before, most recently in Sin City (from my last post). I’m not going to freak out. Edmond seemed comfortable about it, and started getting ready for bed, since it was nearly 3 am. Everyone else followed suit, and I did too, also feeling a little giddy inside thinking about getting to share a bed with Edmond, and yet externally composing myself to not let an ounce of emotion show.

Finally we all tucked in, and we pulled the covers over. I started drifting asleep pretty quickly since the road really drained me, as I’m sure it did everyone. I woke a couple hours later to movement from Edmond. I realized I fell asleep on my side facing towards him, and he had moved to his side facing towards me, making our foreheads touch. His lips were about an inch away from mine. I could feel the heat from his face. I felt his breath on my mouth. My heart started beating faster and faster. I closed my eyes hard and tried to think of something else. Thoughts turned into dreams and I was asleep again.

But when I woke up in the morning, I realized I was completely spooning him. He had turned away from me, I was behind him as the big spoon and had my arm around him. My heart skipped a beat and I was wide awake. Without waking Edmond up, I slowly moved my arm back to my own side and lay like a mummy on my back under the covers. I thought to myself, that’s funny, I always wanted to be the little spoon. Edmond is about an inch taller than me and more muscular than I am. But I kept thinking about it... that was the nicest feeling ever and I don’t want it to end. Edmond's alarm went off from his phone (I think at was 10 am now), and he breathed in deeply. I breathed in deeply too, pretending to wake as well.

Edmond turned off his alarm within his arm’s reach and stayed in position. I thought, this was it, let’s just take a risk. I put my arm around him and began spooning again. I groggily said “it’s time to wake up,” to which Edmond replied “I don’t want to...” I held him even tighter, and felt no objection from him. I thought spooning wasn’t too risky, since we crack gay jokes with each other and slap each other’s butts often enough that it may seem like it wouldn’t have too much meaning. But it was meaningful to me. I breathed in his scent from his neck and it smelled so good, like his bodywash and slight musk. Edmond has a wonderful bubble butt, which I’ve definitely jokingly squeezed in the past multiple times to tease him, as he has done to me (well more like joke dry humping from him I guess). But anyway, the way his butt felt against me now was probably going to make we really hard.

Oh shit. I was already really hard from having morning wood. I’m pretty sure Edmond could feel it from me spooning him, my complete hardon, pressed exactly between his cheeks, with my arm holding us together tightly... I panicked. I breathed in deeply again as if to wake up more, and I quickly pulled the covers off me and got up in one quick motion. “Well, I’m going to take a shower,” I said and left the room quickly. But there was someone in the shower already, so I had no other choice but to see what was going on upstairs. As I went up the stairs, I was greeted by 4 of my other friends who had woken up already. One of them, with much sass in her tone, started teasing me: “Well hello, lovebird, look at your huge sex hair!” I felt my hair, and realized it was an absolute mess, I tried to comb my fingers through to tame it quickly. “Where’s Edmond?” she asked me.

“He’s still sleeping,” I replied. She replied back with even more sass, “Oh I’m sure he is, it looks like you two had so much fun sleeping together last night”  And my stomach was in knots. I felt like my face was getting hot and put on a stupid smile on my face. “We just slept! That’s all hahahaha” I think my laugh gave away how nervous I was. “Riiiiiight,” she continued teasing. The wood floor was feeling really cold, and my face was definitely burning hot.

I just wanted to dive back into bed with Edmond and die of embarrassment. I realized that my feelings were getting stronger when my first thought was to go back and be comforted by his warmth. Everyone is peacefully eating breakfast, and I realize my phone is still downstairs, so I run back down to get it. I see Edmond shirtless and walking towards the bathroom. Let’s not make my face hotter, I’m trying not to focus on his tan skin and built arms and chest. He’s going to beat me to the shower. Damn... I’d beat him in the shower. WHOA. Mental snapback from daydreaming. I’ll just eat breakfast with everyone else while he showers. I realize then that I still have my morning wood, and it’s definitely showing through my shorts.

So far, maybe you all can tell me, how do I keep from going insane? I don't want to ruin a friendship, but these feelings are bubbling up and they're getting hard to contain.

More to come...

TL;DR Slept next to my straight best friend while on a road trip. Feelings are getting stronger. How to I keep it bottled up? I don't want to make things awkward. Is there is no hope? Unfortunately there’s more, and I haven’t finished the story.

Summary:
I felt his breath on my mouth.
I could feel the heat from his face.
I was already really hard from having morning wood.
I realized that my feelings were getting stronger when my first thought was to go back and be comforted by his warmth.
One of the most noteworthy would probably be a road trip that I took with Edmond, and some other very close friends.
Thoughts turned into dreams and I was asleep again.
I just wanted to dive back into bed with Edmond and die of embarrassment.
Edmond's alarm went off from his phone (I think at was 10 am now), and he breathed in deeply.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
