Original Response:
Male and female in early 20's. We've been together for over a year. I don't want to be too specific as we are both avid Redditors. This post will likely be obvious enough if seen by the right person.

Our relationship has been through its share of problems, which are really too long to elaborate in this post. In short, the issues have varied from his substance abuse to my mental instability. It has not been easy, but I've found it to be worth every ounce of effort that we've invested into it. I don't think he would disagree, up until recent events.

Lately, he has felt that I am too indifferent around him and tend to shut him out when I feel burdened by anything; whether it be in regards to our relationship or any other aspect of my life. I would love to seek him for comfort, but sometimes his reactions to any slight sign of negativity that I may display puts me off to wanting to open up to him. I don't feel as if my problems are welcomed by him when he tends to make several harsh remarks before I'm even able to tell him what is going on. I have honestly tried to change, but the moment he senses my unhappiness, his entire demeanor shifts and affects my ability to muster up the courage to be honest with him. This escalates into a feeling of anxiety and the need to escape the situation, so sometimes I completely shut down, not knowing how to deal with potential conflict. When he sees this, he takes great offense and feels as if I don't care to make an effort (rightfully so). He finds my behavior mean and unappreciative, though it is far from the truth or my intentions. My actions are not premeditated. Most of the time I go in hoping for the best, and it all just goes downhill. Though I know I need to stop behaving this way, I think that he should also be aware that sometimes his reactions can trigger how I handle the situation. I want to feel like he will support me regardless of how absurd my problems may seem. I'm not against criticism, but when not balanced with a sense of empathy, I begin to feel attacked. Am I wrong for this? I feel like this is generally a female thing... I don't think I have much control over it, but I feel that this is something that if we worked on together, can be fixed.

Other aspects of our relationship have greatly improved, and I know that we make each other very happy otherwise. When no conflicts arise, we mesh together very well. We hold similar viewpoints and we share the same type of humor. He is my best friend.

But since I've been behaving this way over a span of time, he finally felt fed up and can no longer be in this relationship. After trying to convince him to work things out, he was pretty adamant and we are now no longer together. I have also respected his request to not contact him. He needs time away. Understandable. So I'm giving him that time in hopes that his anger towards me and the situation will subside and that he may want to contact me and at least be civil, if that is even possible after all our history. He did admit to wanting at least some sort of friendship, but not anytime soon.

I'm not ready to give up on this relationship, but as he's said, he's given me several chances and I have not taken the steps I need to improve our relationship. I don't think we've communicated enough about this. I should have been more open about measures we both could take to prevent it. Now it's too late... I'm feeling extremely guilty and at fault. I regret not making more of an effort, but of course you always feel the most remorse once you are dealing with the consequences. I also feel extremely selfish for wanting him to take me back.

On the other hand, I've spoken to a close mutual friend and my mother on different occasions, and they both claim that from an outside perspective, they have noticed us go from a complete low point to making a complete turnaround, that my attitude has vastly improved and they see a great difference in my mood and behavior, and with all the progress that I have made, for him to expect even more is unreasonable. They can see how much I care for him and love him. But he doesn't feel that this is true or that I've done enough.

Here's what I've gathered...

I know that the least I can do is give him time to cool off. I understand he is pretty upset with me at this point.
As much as I'm blaming myself, I still wonder if he may be treating this a bit unfairly. It feels as if he expected me to make this change on my own without any of his help or any adjustments on his part. He does also have a lot of other things on his plate, so he may be overwhelmed. Because of that, I do also worry about him and his well-being.
From what I've shared with you, can this relationship be salvaged in time? Or are we too far gone?
Other than giving it time, do you think there might be anything that I can do? I want to prove to him that I can change and to treat him the way that he deserves to be treated. We've gotten through greater problems, I don't think this should be the deciding factor to ending things. I just think too much has built up for him to even want to see me at this point.

I'm trying to be as rational as I can, but I'm greatly devastated and of course, am still very in love with him and miss him very much.

My plan is to just work on myself in the meantime. This isn't the person that I want to be, regardless if we are together or not. He said quite a few hurtful things to me and I don't want to be the person that he's described.

Also, any good advice as to keeping myself occupied and not breaking down at random moments? I feel terrible.

So sorry if this post is inconsistent or scattered. My mind is a mess at the moment.

**TL;DR My boyfriend broke up with me due to my constant inability to remain affectionate or open up to him while upset. In these times, I'd like to open up with him, but because of his reactions leading up to my attempts, I chicken out and remain silent in fear of his judgement. I want to communicate and fix things, but feel it is too late. What should I do if he by any chance contacts me?**

*edited for formatting

Summary:
I want to communicate and fix things, but feel it is too late.
I don't think we've communicated enough about this.
I just think too much has built up for him to even want to see me at this point.
I feel like this is generally a female thing...
I also feel extremely selfish for wanting him to take me back.
This isn't the person that I want to be, regardless if we are together or not.
Other than giving it time, do you think there might be anything that I can do?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
