Original Response:
I'm 20 [f] and have been with my SO (21, [m]) for two years and change. We've been living together for over a year.

Our relationship started out long-distance. We met online when we were much younger (~15). We quickly became friends and played online video games together: mostly WoW, where we met, but other things as well from time to time. During this period, although I was admittedly attracted to him, I never acted on it and we were just friends. He vanished for a couple years. When he returned, we quickly struck up the friendship again, and it rapidly blossomed into a romance. We dated online for a year before, as circumstances panned out, we moved in together. It hasn't been without our fair share of bumps, but things have been pretty good.

There's just one not-so-small problem. I'm jealous. I have no problem with him having female friends in-person. I have no qualms over his female co-workers. I don't get mad when we go to parties and girls flirt with him. But I find myself irrationally angry about online women from his past. There are two girls in particular that make my blood boil.

The first girl, I discovered, he'd had a relationship with during the years he dropped contact with me. It wasn't a boyfriend/girlfriend relationship: she had a boyfriend in real life, who, presumably, knew nothing about this. It was more along the lines of "let's trade links to porn and mutually masturbate to it while thinking about you" and purely sexual flirting. Nothing official. I discovered this tryst from his past by accident after walking in on him masturbating to the chat logs ((which sparked a fight)). He didn't notice me at first, which is why I was about to read so much of it. To this day, he refuses to acknowledge her existence to me. The only things I know from his mouth is "it's none of your business", "it doesn't involve you", and "it's from a long time ago". I mentioned that I felt hurt that he flat-out denies this ever having happened, and openly lied to me about never having had this kind of relationship before, but he doesn't acknowledge it. I got over it over time.

The other girl is ongoing. About five months ago, my SO offhandedly mentioned a friend of his who lives in an Asian country. I'd never heard of her before, and he didn't give a name, but whatever. Coolbeans. Later that evening, he pulls up an online game and plays for five hours. I ask him who he's playing with: he says "a friend". It took sneaking peeks at the very-visible chat log to figure out that it was the same girl. No problem though: I've never heard of this girl before, but nothing amiss seems to be going on. He can play with who he wants. Over the next few weeks, however, he became increasingly secretive. His phone was buzzing practically constantly with text messages. He'd only answer these messages (literally) while my back was turned, or he'd tilt the phone away. I quickly identified her online alias. Sure enough, if there was a flashing chat window that he wouldn't open while my eyes were anywhere near him, I could bet that it had her name on it. He never left his phone near me and would use other windows to hide the chat logs on his screen. If I ever picked up his phone to hand it to him, there would be at least one message from her waiting. They were always, in my opinion, *very* friendly messages: "good morning :)", "how are yooooou", "awww thank you", etc. I grew increasingly irritated. I'd ask him who he was talking to: he'd say his brother. I'd ask him who he was playing with: "a friend" ((which, evidently, is his code name for her)). Finally, I casually asked him if there was something going on between her and this girl. He said no: they were "old friends" and had just been "catching up and talking about video games and stuff". Immediately after this, he deleted all messages to and from her on his phone. They stopped doing anything together online, and I didn't see them chat.

She popped back up a couple months ago. It's not anything close to what it was before, but the same behavior revolving around her has been going on. I can rely on hearing the quick alt-tab when I get back to our desk from grabbing a drink, see the window immediately get minimized. If he pulls it up while I'm nearby or watching him play something, it's for maybe two seconds before it immediately gets closed again. He doesn't openly chat with her around me. It did occur once while we were playing a game together. I glanced over because he was pausing frequently and noticed him chatting with her. He saw me see and, observing my reaction, asked me what was wrong. I flat-out told him that I didn't like how much he flirted with her. He said he wasn't flirting, and scrolled up to the log to point at a part where she references her boyfriend. I didn't say what was on my mind: that people cheat, and her having a boyfriend is meaningless. Whatever though: I let it drop.

This morning, he told me to go back to sleep when he woke up. He had  to work, I don't. I tried to stay in bed, but I couldn't sleep, so I got up. Sure enough, as soon as I walked out of the bedroom and into the living room, I see his arm movement under a blanket immediately freeze, hear rapid clicking, and walk around the corner to see some stuff minimize or close. Of course. He was whacking off. I have a *very* high sex drive, and I've told him about a dozen times that I'm ok with being woken up for sex, but he conveniently forgets it. He stands up - yep. His dick is poking out from between his boxers. Definitely masturbating. Then I notice his taskbar: flashing chat log from *her*. I can't describe to you how angry I was. I said nothing, of course, but lingered and did my best to pretend nothing was wrong. When I turned away for a moment, he closed the chat window and promptly shut down his computer. He sent a few texts (tilted away, of course), took a shower, and went to work. I have no way of knowing if he was whacking off to her or something else (the latter being entirely plausible), but the association has me fuming.

I know it doesn't sound like it from that wall of text, but I care about him deeply. Over the past few months, things have been better than great for us. We'd been having sex regularly (every 2~3 days, which is unheard of for him), gone on some dates. Everything was wonderful. Over the past couple weeks, in particular, he's been the model of an A+ boyfriend. I trusted him. But I can't fight this feeling that he's having something more with this girl, or has considered it. I don't understand why he's so secretive about her, and that's the bottom line for me. I honestly wouldn't care about him being friends with her if he just *stopped hiding it so much*. I need the transparency. He doesn't hide his chat logs with his male friends, and I don't really care. He has an irl female friend that he chats with online and doesn't hide it when he talks to her: again, I don't care. But when he goes to these lengths to hide his activities, I start thinking something's up. I trust him with everyone but her. He knows his friendship with her makes me insecure, and he knows how I feel about it, but tells me not to worry about it and goes right back to having this secret friendship.

I've considered that maybe I just need to get over it. I've considered that I'm imagining things that aren't there, that maybe I'm just being irrational. But I don't know anymore. If there is something going on, he's doing his best to hide it and there's zero chance he'd tell me. If there's something not going on, how do I stop these invasive and, frankly, outrageously jealous thoughts from coming? Help!

**TL;DR: My live-in SO and I met online. He has two female online friends that he hides from me: one is a past online-only sexual relationship, the other is "a friend". I've gotten over the former, whom he no longer is in contact with. The latter is an ongoing source of conflict, as he actively hides anything and everything to do with her from me. He doesn't hide any of his other friends from me. He knows his friendship with her makes me uncomfortable, but claims that I'm overreacting and that I have "nothing to worry about". I walked in on him whacking off this morning, and he had a chat log open with her at the time which he quickly closed out of when I wasn't looking. He didn't acknowledge what he was doing. I haven't said anything yet. Is something going on, or am I just crazy?**

Summary:
He doesn't hide any of his other friends from me.
I ask him who he's playing with: he says "a friend".
He had  to work, I don't.
He didn't acknowledge what he was doing.
He has an irl female friend that he chats with online and doesn't hide it when he talks to her: again, I don't care.
I got over it over time.
He doesn't hide his chat logs with his male friends, and I don't really care.
He doesn't openly chat with her around me.
They stopped doing anything together online, and I didn't see them chat.
But I can't fight this feeling that he's having something more with this girl, or has considered it.
But I don't know anymore.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
