Original Response:
Throwaway 0___0

The girlfriend(Let's call her B) and I are in our early 20's, I'm just over a year to her senior. We've been seeing each other for almost a year now after being neighbors for a few months and it's been great for both of us. One of her very close friends' behavior has always bothered me and recently, it's been putting a strain on my end of our relatively stress free, loving relationship.
 
I can remember meeting the friend(let's call her J) at a dinner party we hosted and immediately being repulsed by her lack of manners and generally being loud and obnoxious. I was introduced and to my dismay, informed that she was in the BFF zone with B and that they "like totally hang out like all the time!"

J has been at nearly every dinner, party and soiree we've had over the past year and has, rather predictably, made a terrible scene at nearly every single one of them. Once, B and I left hosting duties to the other housemates as we slipped off for a quickie. Noticing that B and I had disappeared, J decided to yell at the top of her lungs about how were somewhere doing the deed in the most vulgar fashion. My housemate informed us via text before we returned. Needless to say, we didn't return to our party to save face.

 Wine stains, broken lamps, and ruined bed sets do not even begin to describe the damages she has done. I am just SO thankful that B does not exhibit any of this raucousness... yet?

 I've held my tongue through every incident, I know that J makes B happy as her friend and I respect that. My only reprieve has been the occasional joke thrown out by either B or one of our other friends. J is a very sloppy drunk and a super lightweight at that. This is very surprising considering she constantly eats... and eats... and eats. 

This brings me to a week ago. B recently made me a cake to celebrate a recent success. She's an excellent baker and regularly makes me pies, cakes and the like as personal treats, adhering to my heavy dietary restrictions. The cake had only it's inaugural slice missing and was removed from the freezer by B as she left for work so that when I came home from work it would be cold, but defrosted enough for me to have a slice. 

J invites herself over, unbeknownst to B and myself. Typical. She gets to our house before I get home from work, where she is let in by one of our house mates. By the time I get home the damage done was irreparable. I come home to the cake looking like a bear had mauled it. J had decided it was cool to have a go at all the icing around the sides of the cake while still frozen and trying to cut pieces of the frozen cake, rather unsuccessfully. I brushed it off(AKA died a little bit inside) and silently went to my room, but was distraught to know my cake was being demolished. B, being the awesome person she is, will "just make another one" as a solution when I later tell her I only got a slice, failing to mention that J had helped herself to the rest of it without a care.

Personally, I do not find J attractive at all physically or otherwise and I feel that I am in the majority. That being said, deep down I do believe she is just a sweet girl with good intentions and no restraint. This past week, I was informed of some very disturbing information:

Recently, J gave B a full body massage, with oils while B(my GF) was only wearing a thong. The thought of J touching B very intimately enrages me but I try to tell myself that girl friends sometimes do those kinds of things together(right?) and I know there wasn't anything sexual involved. 

On two separate occasions I've come home to J spooning B on the couch under blankets, however they weren't alone(other house mates present) and admittedly, B is a very affectionate person who has to be curled up some place warm if not covered in several thick layers. Both times I made pleasantries with B without touching her and then quickly excused myself to my room. I cannot imagine myself turning the group into a threesome for even a movie snuggle without being utterly repulsed.


These things all compound into me needing to say something. I have terrible anxiety, but I know that I can bring this up to B if I know exactly the right way to approach it. I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings but I don't think I can continue to have a relationship with B if things get any worse. Call me shallow, jealous, possessive and naive but I am not letting some fat chick spoon or massage my girlfriend, no matter how platonic it is. &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;

Now that being said: How do I tell my girlfriend that I don't like it when she does those kinds of things with anyone but me? I don't want to make it an ultimatum, and I don't want to come off as attacking J or even implying that they shouldn't be friends. I just know that if it keeps happening that sooner or later I'll have a verbal outburst that will hurt some feelings and possibly end our relationship.


**TL;DR : My GF recently received a full body, albeit platonic, massage from one of her girl friends. It cannot happen again if we are to continue to be together, how do I tell her?**


Edit: It could be argued that I need to just chill out and that if J was a well mannered hot chick I wouldn't care. That is very true, but the way I see it if I was getting half naked full body massages from anyone, B would not be as quick to bite her tongue as I.

Summary:
J invites herself over, unbeknownst to B and myself.
I come home to the cake looking like a bear had mauled it.
She gets to our house before I get home from work, where she is let in by one of our house mates.
The thought of J touching B very intimately enrages me but I try to tell myself that girl friends sometimes do those kinds of things together(right?)

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
