Original Response:
I started dating a co-worker who I'd been previously friends with about 3 weeks ago.  Everything seemed to be going great.  She's wonderful.  The things she said to me made me feel warm and happy inside.  I've been single for quite some time, and I suppose I let things move very quickly by my own standards - not sexually; more so as far as letting my guard down and opening up to her; I'm usually more guarded.  It seemed to be reciprocal in this way, so I went with it.  She alluded to having a bad relationship in the past, but never did tell me what happened.  I didn't expect her to since we weren't dating very long, plus lots of people have bad breakups, so I didn't really see a problem.

The other night I was with her and her car broke down.  We called AAA and waited patiently.  I called on my phone because her battery was dying.  AAA called me back and the guy on the other end asked me if I was the owner of the car.  I said no, it's my girlfriend's car.  He said "Odd, because she's my girlfriend - put her on the phone".  I was shocked and did so.  She just got very quiet and hung up on him.  I figured she didn't want to talk about it so we just sat in silence - she finally said she'd tell me later, it's just too much to explain. 

After the car was taken back and we were alone, she was crying.  I wanted to give her space to explain, but here she was stuck at work at 9pm without a car and crying.  I'm not exactly going to leave her like that.

She finally confided that she dated this guy for 3 years and a few weeks ago they had a fight and he beat her up.  She explained she broke up with him, but that it was fairly recently - not long before we started dating, and they were still in touch discussing things.  She said she had finally broken contact for 2 weeks.  She said at that time we need to be friends because her situation was crazy and I don't deserve to be put through it.  I explained I didn't want to be friends and I could deal with it since she did nothing wrong.  

At the same time, this guy started calling me and texting me non-stop, trying to find out more from me and explaining his side.  He threatened to come to my office and I asked him to stop.  I blocked his number and he started spoofing phone numbers to try to trick me into answering.  I finally had to call the police and they called him and that stopped him from calling me. This all happened last week. 

I decided I'll remain as supportive as I can, but give her some space and not bring this up.  I tried to help by loaning my spare car and offering various other support.  She's been rejecting any help.  I guess it makes sense, she just wanted some space.  

Friday I was out of the office and I sent my usual "good morning" text trying to put everything aside and be positive - to show her I was still committed and I want to be supportive without saying so.  No response all day until the evening, when she made polite conversation.  

Saturday I sent a similar message which also went unanswered until the evening, where again she was conversational but not flirty like usual.  I was happy to talk but feeling down - worried that I was being dumped and worried about her mental health.   At the end she did say "sweet dreams XO" when I wished her good night.  

Sunday I decided no more morning texts, I felt like at this point she was wanting space.  She texted me later asking me if everything was OK.  I said it was.  I asked her if she was OK.  She said "not really", but wouldn't elaborate.  I didn't badger her because I knew she was going to a concert with friends.   She was supposed to come over after.  She said she was just going to go home instead.  A little back and forth and I said fine, but I missed her.   She took a long time to respond, but it generally seemed like she still wanted to talk despite being distant. 

Monday we were supposed to go to a memorial day BBQ, so I sent something to say hi and asked about why she said things weren't good.  She said "it is everything and she just wants to sleep all day".  Then she waited some time and said she would still come to the BBQ if she felt better.  I sent her the address and she never came.  Last night she asked how the BBQ was going, and I said I was having fun seeing old friends.   I felt the need to be supportive and I sent her a message to the effect of "you are a great person, and you don't deserve this.  try to smile if you can"  She replied that she was "glad I was having fun at the BBQ and away from all the bullshit." To which I replied "Your feelings aren't bullshit, don't down play them."  It seems that her goal is to put me at arms length while she deals with everything.  I wished her good night later and she replied "sweet dreams".

This morning, she called out sick from work.  I'm at the point where I don't know what to do.  I would like to continue to have a relationship, but I don't know if she wants that.  I don't want to ask and make her insecure.  

Assuming she needs time and space, then how to approach that?   I would break contact if she needed that, but would that hurt her worse?  Do I just leave her alone?  Do I send her a message and say I'm going to step away and not bug her at work?   Maybe leave her alone and just send her a supportive message in the evening?  I just don't know how to say or do the right things.  I have encouraged her to see a counselor, and she said she was looking into it.  I'm not certain I should directly ask her what she wants, at least not now.  Her mental health comes before the relationship.  The whole thing is leaving me with a huge pit in my stomach all day, every day.

TL;DR  New GF recently out of an abusive relationship.  I found out and now she acts distant. How should I deal with this considering I want to remain in the relationship, and she's not telling me what she wants/needs.   The whole thing is leaving me with a huge pit in my stomach all day, every day.


&lt;B&gt;UPDATE&lt;/B&gt;:   I stopped contact, she contacted me and basically said she feels awful about "what she did to me" which I'm not sure what that is, since as far as she's said, her ex was the bad actor here.  She says that I had a peaceful life and she ran through like a tornado and she doesn't want to drag me into it.  She won't just come out and say she needs space, so I said it for her and she just keeps saying "it's best for me", so I guess she can't just come out and say she wants to break up.  I wish she would because that would be easier for me to hear.  Oh well.  I'll follow the advice on here and break contact, other than the few interactions we have to have at work.  I don't think that has to be a problem.  If she tries to chat I'll listen but let her initiate any contact, I guess.  Thoughts appreciated.  

Update 2:  I figured we were "broken up" after the last update, but then last night she sent me messages saying she misses me and she'll be back at work tomorrow and we can have lunch and chat.  I am going to continue to operate under the assumption that we're broken up and I won't be trying to salvage the relationship.  I'll try to be supportive and ask her to see a counselor.  This morning, she didn't come to work, so it seems like she's probably on the emotional roller coaster.  I feel much better after listening to all of your advice and I'm trying not to let it upset me.  If I do start to get upset or emotional, I will break contact as many have suggested.  Trying to help her but putting myself first.

Summary:
I said no, it's my girlfriend's car.
She was supposed to come over after.
She said "it is everything and she just wants to sleep all day".
I'm at the point where I don't know what to do.
I don't want to ask and make her insecure.
The other night I was with her and her car broke down.
I just don't know how to say or do the right things.
She said she had finally broken contact for 2 weeks.
Do I just leave her alone?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
