Original Response:
Long story short... met a girl through a friend 6+ months ago. I thought she was really attractive, funny, interesting and I was into her, but then I found out she was dating someone at the time for just a couple of months or so. Quite some time goes by and we occasionally see each other in group settings and hang out doing social things like any typical group of upper 20 year olds would do but I never made any advances or showed any interest that I had any bit of interest in her. Then suddenly during one of these group settings, she tells everyone how she has now broken up with the guy she was dating for ~8 months. To me, I thought this was the time to start making my moves, which isnt much... a night of drinking and the group dwindles down to just a couple who are dating and this girl and myself. We just sit at the bar chatting for 2-3 hrs just having really good conversation. I'm not really too flirty but I'm just myself but we were clicking. Chemistry was fun. I left that night feeling good that maybe she too could be a bit interested too.

The following weekend after that about 7 days later was my bday party. Between that night and my bday party we get to texting a little bit back and forth but not too much. So then it's finally my bday party night, and she shows up, gift in hand with two other of her GFs that I've never met. So I'm thinking.. okay, wow this girl is into me too. I start showing clear interest, become more flirty and drunk and then by the end of the night we're making out and it was awesome. She goes back home and we see each other one more time in a group setting that weekend and things are still going well and that's when we decide we should grab dinner and hang out later that week. We do that and for about 2-3 weeks things are really casual, slow and the two of us are just going with the flow... but then 2 weekends ago we found each other hanging out for 4 straight days. None of that was planned to happen so soon, and so quickly but we were enjoying each others company. The first night was group setting, she ends up sleeping over my place. We have plans for the next night to hang out and she sleeps over again. But the next day we didn't have any plans because we had a group thing planned for Sunday. But she asks if she wanted company and so I said sure. Suddenly we've not spent the better part of 4 straight days together.

And that's when things seemed to turn a 180. She goes from saying how much she likes me one night then no more than 48hrs later her behavior is quite different and she's very distant and moody. I saw what was happening and so I didnt even bother asking but I could tell she needed some space to herself to catch up to what was going on. I don't talk to her much for the next 4 days because she showed very little interest in communicating that much. I see her again later that week in a group setting and she completely ignores me but is clearly social-able with the others there that evening. So before we all went our separate ways that night I pulled her aside and asked if we can go for a walk and talk some.

That's when she explains to me how things happened too soon, too fast, she's too confused, need to be single for a while to separate relationships, things started to feel like a relationship too fast, but that I still like you, but maybe after a little bit of time we can start slow and kind of reset and try again after she has some time being single to herself. She admitted that it was a bit her fault for taking things too fast as she was having fun and wasnt thinking straight due to 'adrenaline' and that she found many things about me that she really liked and made her feel good but that she feels she isn't ready just yet. Essentially she kind of freaked out at how fast it moved but it's been 10 days since that long weekend and we've barely spoken minus when we had the long talk about what was going on. We chatted briefly this past monday over text (she initiated) but then she ended her last text saying "hope you have a good week, see ya thursday)

I'm not sure what to do here, we're still going to see each other as we have mutual friends that we hang out with, and I still like her and I feel like she still has feelings for me but has put the brakes on everything and it's discouraging because things started off sooo well... I'm not big into the chase and I'm not gonna push and run after her until she decides she still wants to date... I want to wait until she feels she's ready but this hurts because I felt really good about things for the first time in so long. So I'm respecting the space she desires and agree things moved a little bit fast for both our liking but I really would like to see her at a more relaxed pace and let things develop from there....

I'm not even sure what I'm looking for but hope you guys can give me some general advice or direction. Should I still text her here and there to keep the convo line open and see how she responds or do I simply wait for her to keep the communication lines open?

tldr; met a girl a while back that i liked, but only recently now single. decided to see if she had interest, she shows clear interest. we date for 3 weeks. and then she pulls 180 on me and i'm confused what to do. i don't want to give up on dating, feel like she doesnt either but i don't want to seem too desperate and pushy.

Summary:
I left that night feeling good that maybe she too could be a bit interested too.
We have plans for the next night to hang out and she sleeps over again.
decided to see if she had interest, she shows clear interest.
we date for 3 weeks.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.02
