Original Response:
I have been living a few hours away from my parents' home for the past four years due to university, but when I come home for holidays or family events I have noticed that my grandmother takes every opportunity to berate me- my choice of degree, my eating habits, my social life, my friends, and anything else that you can imagine.

With hindsight she has always behaved in this way, but I have really started to notice it after a period of living away from home. I have personally heard her making quite snide comments about my mum's (44F) weight in the past- one example being "ooh you're going on holiday in a couple of months, don't you think you should watch what you're eating? You don't want to arrive and find out your swimming costume doesn't fit any more!" When out for dinner as a family, she has always made her opinions about my mum's menu choices known, saying that maybe she shouldn't have a dessert because she had a pasta dish for a main course etc. My mum is no small woman, but she is certainly no more than 200lbs, and stands at around 5ft 8; this constant low level criticism from my grandmother is something that has always rattled my mum for as long as I can remember, especially as she has struggled with her weight since her early teens. My grandmother is my dad's mum though, and as my mum is quite a non-confrontational person she has always felt that it is not her place to call her mother-in-law out on her comments.

Grandmother has always been the sort of person to compare people to one another, and makes her opinions very clear. She often refers to my brother Isaac (18M) as "the favourite one" and openly berates my cousin Ellie (17F) for being "flighty" and not knowing what career she wants to go into- and then mocking any career ideas that she does have by saying she wouldn't be any good at them anyway! She also has made comments about me and my sister Sally's (20F) degree courses; we both do heritage and education based subjects and she doesn't see why anybody would want to do a degree or get a job in in these disciplines as "the money is crap". Conversely, she lavishes Isaac and male cousin Charlie (19M) with praise for their degree choices, as they both do STEM subjects that are more likely to lead to well paid jobs in the medical or finance sectors. I feel that this is a symptom of her own values and obsession with hoarding money; whilst not explicitly materialistic, she is very cheap and will never spend money on anything unless it is absolutely necessary. Grandmother also once made a VERY questionable comment with regards to my sister's disappointing A level results; she told my sister that her results were not the end of the world "because things like that are more important for boys anyway". She then went on to praise my (male) cousin's results, who had taken the exams at the same time as my sister.

She mercilessly mocks the "younger generation's reliance" on modern technology such as social media and smartphones, and tells her grandchildren that they are "sad" and "pathetic" for using these things and that her generation were more mature than current 20-somethings. I take issue with this as when I lived abroad I used social media to keep in contact with friends and family on the other side of the world, and I am able to use my phone to make my life a lot easier (checking bank accounts, booking doctors appointments, tracking medication etc). However, the real kicker is that she actually got a facebook account about six months ago, after criticising it so harshly for so many years... She never posts anything, not a single photo or status. She uses the account every day to check the profiles of her children and grandchildren. More on this later, it is important.

Now, enough background- onto more recent developments:
Since I came home for the easter break (around 2 weeks ago) I have been very aware of her disapproval and opinions that I do no agree with. There are a few recent events that are particularly relevant:

- Her stance on immigration and the refugee crisis in Europe is pretty deplorable to be honest. She has openly said that she thinks the UK government should "bomb the boats bringing them over" and she is absolutely convinced that multiculturalism is leading to the disintegration of "British values". Grandmother is also the sort of person that enjoys making the same comments over and over, hoping that if she goads you for long enough you will take the bait and snap at her. I admit, I have definitely fallen for this in the past, and the conversation inevitably ends with her telling me that I am too young to have political opinions anyway and that I have no "life experience".

- My parents recently went on holiday for a week, leaving me and Isaac to look after the house. Grandmother said, without any hint of irony, that I will "have to wake up early to cook your brother his breakfast" and do Isaac's laundry whilst they are away. Grandmother has repeated this a few times since my parents have been away, and I have calmly but firmly told her that my brother is a grown man who can look after himself.

- She is very critical of my social life. As I live away from home for university, I don't have many opportunities to spend time with my friends in my hometown so whenever I get chance I go out for dinner, cocktails and to clubs with them. This happens maybe once every 6 months or so. Grandmother is very disapproving of the fact that I drink alcohol at all, saying that it is "unladylike" and that I "should know better". I have never been drunk her presence or been hungover around her. As she cannot see the appeal in going to clubs, she believes that NOBODY can possibly enjoy clubbing and that nobody should ever go. I can appreciate that not everything will be enjoyed by everybody, but she constantly pushes my buttons and tells me that I must be stupid for wanting to "waste my time" going out to clubs. Again, she does this over and over until she gets a rise.

- I recently went out to a nightclub with four of my hometown friends. Whilst we were out and at predrinks we took a few photos of us all together, seeing as how we rarely see each other now. One of my friends, Bella, uploaded these photos to facebook and tagged me in them. So far, so good- nice photos of us, everybody happy, nothing at all scandalous. Bella's younger sister, Hannah, commented on one of these photos asking where her invite was, and Bella replied that we didn't invite her as Hannah doesn't drink. A few facts:
        1- Hannah is underage.
        2- Hannah is actually 4 years younger than the rest of us, so we don't have a whole lot in common.
        3- The five of us see each other so infrequently that these nights are ours alone. It just doesn't occur to us to invite boyfriends/siblings/cousins etc because it is a night for us to catch up.
        4- Hannah frequently jokes with Bella about where her invite is. It's just an in joke!
        5- Hannah was at work that night anyway.
A couple of days later, I went to my grandmother's house and she really laid into me for this, as she'd seen it whilst stalking my facebook page. She said that she couldn't believe I had such mean friends and that it was terrible to peer pressure Hannah into drinking alcohol, she thought it was "vile" to exclude Hannah from our night and that it was "disappointing" that I drink. Obviously, I absolutely take issue with this- it wasn't me that even made the comment, my grandmother had absolutely no knowledge of the context behind it, and I feel like she is clutching at straws in order to find anything to criticise me for.

- She saw a photo that I uploaded to facebook of myself and my university friends. The next time she saw me, the following comment ensued:
        "I saw that picture of you and your friends on facebook, how lovely! I didn't know you had multicultural friends."
This is a very unsubtle way for her to tell me that she disapproves of the fact that I have black and Asian friends. She has always been racist in the sense that she sees non-white people as inferior and therefore their achievements are more impressive, eg "he's a good doctor, even if he is black" or "you can say what you like about Asians but they work very hard!" I see no reason why it was necessary to mention my friends being "multicultural" unless it was to draw attention to that fact and twist it into a negative thing.

- She comments on my eating habits very frequently, in a way that reminds me of the way she speaks to my mum. However, she criticises me for eating what she perceives to either be too much, or too little. A recent example- at easter she said that I should be careful of how much chocolate I eat, but then just a few days later I declined a slice of cake and she took it as a personal insult! I feel like I just cannot win, and like she is looking for things to criticise.

- Has been covered already, but my goodness she likes to wind people up. A couple of weeks ago she actively said to me, in front of my parents, "doesn't it make you sick, your parents going away on all these holidays! It just isn't fair is it, it's wicked!" Such an obvious attempt to push my buttons, it's laughable. My response was as follows:
        1. I hope they enjoy their holidays.
        2. They had 3 children by the age of 25, in a four year period. I should think it's bloody well time for them to enjoy their lives and treat themselves.
        3. Grandmother actually goes on holiday more frequently than my parents....

Ugh. I just feel growing resentment at the way that my grandmother criticises me and other family members all the time, and I am angry at the way that she loves to wind people up and taunt them until they snap. It's just massively immature and devious. On the other hand, I feel like she has never done anything awful to any of us, and the way that she says a lot of these mean comments suggest that she thinks it is all a joke and we should all be laughing along with her- sometimes I think I am being oversensitive, but her behaviour and her comments absolutely are hurtful. Obviously the overt sexism/racism/homophobia (not detailed here, but that's a whole other post of its own) are massive problems that are not acceptable though.

Not too sure what I'm after here really, maybe just somewhere to vent and get it off my chest.



**TL;DR- my grandmother is openly sexist and racist, and seems to take pleasure in putting other people down and making them feel bad about themselves. This is causing resentment and I can see that it will become a rift in the family before long.**

Summary:
I hope they enjoy their holidays.
- She saw a photo that I uploaded to facebook of myself and my university friends.
I didn't know you had multicultural friends."
- She is very critical of my social life.
- I recently went out to a nightclub with four of my hometown friends.
This is a very unsubtle way for her to tell me that she disapproves of the fact that I have black and Asian friends.
One of my friends, Bella, uploaded these photos to facebook and tagged me in them.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
