Original Response:
Throwaway because you never know.  A few details are fudged but the significant points are accurate.  

As the title says, my room mate "Alex" and I dealt with a bedbug infestation.  If you've ever been through it, you know that the infestation is a nightmare, but the prep is almost worse.  You're basically packing to move.  Clothes have to come out, drawers emptied, furniture moved, it sucks.  And, what's more, no pets can be in the home during treatment.  

We have 2 cats.  We'll call them Kitty and Cat.  Kitty is a young adult, Cat is a senior.  

Alex's Sil, "Mary", has a brother named "Bob".  They are twins.  Bob is out of town for a family thing for a several weeks, so Mary offered to ask Bob is we could bring the cats to his house while ours was treated.  Bob said that was fine, so Mary gave us the key and we checked the place over.  

Now, this part is important and what I feel is pivotal to the issue:  *We examined the house as it was*.  Any door that was closed, we didn't open.  We checked the house over for hazards to the cats or the home because of the cats, like escape routes (Kitty is an escape artist and smarter than you on your best day, I don't care who you are), things that could hurt them, or things *they* could hurt like breakable items, because Cat is an asshole who knocks things off tables.  We found the house suitable and planned to take the cats over the day our apartment was sprayed.

Now.  Bob needed to redo the lining of his swimming pool so he drained it at the end of last year.  We did get a lot of rain this spring, so there was some green standing water on the bottom of the pool.  Mary asked us to put a mosquito disc into the pool.  

Another important point:  *the only way to get to the pool is through the master bedroom, Bob's room*  The door of Bob's room was CLOSED when we looked over the house.  

If I may digress for a moment, Bob had 2 dogs, which were actually his kid's dogs.  Both kids are grown and the last just moved out, so he rehomed the dogs (not the issue, they went to friends who will take fantastic care of them).  This was done just before Bob left, about 3 weeks ago.  Therefore, there were dogs in the house as recently as that time.

Alex and I arrive at Bob's house, and Alex proceeds to head to Bob's room to put the mosquito killer into the standing water in the pool.  Kitty and Cat are following behind.  We get a bit into Bob's room, and Kitty starts jumping around like the floor is lava.  I was like "What has he got now?" because that kid is always finding something to hunt.  He can see the most microscopic bug.  But this doesn't look like hunting.  This looks like he's trying to get away from something.  Kitty goes hopping out of the room and proceeds to hide under the couch in the living room.  

I investigate and find..... FLEAS!!!  All over the bathroom floor.  All over the rug in Bob's room.  Crawling up my legs (I had shorts on).  On Alex's pants.  *There. Are. Fleas. Everywhere!!!*

We get Cat out, brush ourselves off, pick off visible fleas, but by that time, the damage is already done, you know?  It only takes 1 flea, and if they're in Bob's room, they're in the house.  

We immediately run to get Seresto collars for the cats and slap them on them.  We aren't going to swap fleas for bedbugs.  No way, no how, and the cats don't need those irritating, disease carrying vectors on them, either.  

Seresto collars are not cheap.  They're $55 a pop.  Alex and I are not made of money at this point.  We've had some bad luck and unforseen expenses.  This is obviously not Bob or Mary's fault, but they do know about it.  

The next day, Alex asks Mary if Bob might be willing to pay for the collars, or at least part of them.  (Potential mistake here on our part is not asking Bob himself, but Mary had been handling this whole thing, and neither of us had Bob's contact information.  We could have/maybe should have asked for it, but honestly since Mary had handled everything else, we didn't think to ask for it.  We do acknowledge that is something we could have done differently.)  We at no point blamed Bob for the fleas.  We didn't at all imply he was a dirty disgusting person.  Parasites are a thing that can happen, regardless of hygiene.  If you have animals, fleas are a risk.  And Alex and I are clean people, yet we just got done dealing with freaking bedbugs.  Parasites are a thing that exist in the world.

Mary *absolutely freaks out*.  She went from zero to murderous rage in one text message.  She said "You CHOSE to take them there, you looked over the house and said it was fine, we did this as a favor to family and I can't believe that you would think we owe you anything!"  Alex tried to apologize just to keep family harmony, but Mary just went on about how she was very upset, she was going to take a long walk to cool down, etc etc etc.  

Yesterday when Alex went to Mary's house to return the key, Mary wouldn't even speak to him.  Instead she sent Alex's brother "Patrick" to the door.  Three days later and she's still this angry.

We don't get it.  We do not get it at all.  We made no accusation.  We understand that Bob probably didn't know about the fleas in the house.  True, we did inspect the house, but we didn't go in Bob's room.  The door was closed, and we had no reason to up until Mary asked us to put the mosquito treatment into the pool.  

The way we look at it is the same as if we'd been there and accidentally broken a window.  Yes, it was an accident.  We wouldn't have gone there intending to break a window.  But a window was broken, it was us that did it, we would owe Bob the cost of replacing the window.  Now, it's possible that Bob could understand it was an accident, and say that us paying half of the cost of the window would be fine, but IMHO it would be up to Alex and I to offer to reimburse him the ENTIRE cost of the damages.  If Bob and/or Mary had agreed to pay us back for even ONE of the collars, we'd have been completely happy with that.  Even an apology would have sufficed, I guess.    

Even if we use this specific situation, if the roles were reversed and someone brought their pets into our home and came out with fleas, we'd be mortified and we would OFFER to pay them for flea treatment.  We think that would just be the right thing to do.  If someone or their pet gets injured, even if it's an accident, you do what you can to correct the problem.  We chose to take the cats to Bob's house, that's true.  We didn't choose to give our pets fleas. 

We also don't understand why this involves Mary.  We have no idea why she's taking this so personally.  Maybe it's a twin thing that we don't understand?  Maybe she feels like her twin brother is being attacked and that she needs to stand up for him, even though that's not at all what we implied or intended? I'm an only child and Alex only has one brother (Mary's husband), so maybe we don't understand twin dynamics?  But we can't even guess at why she's angry, much less as angry as she is.  It isn't even HER situation, the issue with her brother/his house.

So, here's what we need from you, r/relationships.  Are Alex and I in the right, are Bob and Mary in the right, or is the best and most reasonable answer somewhere in between?  If we're being obtuse and socially clueless, we're totally prepared to hear that as well.  That's why we're asking for outside opinions. 

Also, why might Mary be so angry? 

tl;dr Room mate and I took our cats to his SiL's twin brother's house while our place was being treated for bedbugs.  Brother had a flea infestation.  SiL is livid that we asked them to pay for or at least split the cost of collars, or at VERY least apologize that it happened.  SiL feels like she's been stabbed in the back, blames us because we chose to take the cats there.  Who's right?  Why is SiL so angry anyway?

Summary:
We do not get it at all.
We at no point blamed Bob for the fleas.
We chose to take the cats to Bob's house, that's true.
We understand that Bob probably didn't know about the fleas in the house.
Alex's Sil, "Mary", has a brother named "Bob".
We think that would just be the right thing to do.
Brother had a flea infestation.
Maybe it's a twin thing that we don't understand?
We also don't understand why this involves Mary.
True, we did inspect the house, but we didn't go in Bob's room.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.24
