Original Response:
My wife and I met and started dating in 2001.  At the time we were 20-me and 19-her...(now were 30/31).  We were married in January of 2007, 5 years later.  We had the most perfect relationship.  Loving, caring, lots of attention from both sides.  People were always jealous of our relationship and what we had with each other.  This was the first 7 years of our relationship.  Yeah, we had our minor problems but all in all, we were great together.  Absolutely perfect.  

We started talking about wanting a baby and we thought we were ready.  She got pregnant really fast once we decided and we had a perfect, healthy baby girl in November of 2008.  Now the problems started.  

I'm a retail manager.  I got transferred to a store where I was required to work a lot of hours and lots of night time shifts.  My wife works 8-5 mon - fri.  My wifes mom watched our daughter during the times both of us happened to be working.  Since my wifes mom has MS, she was unable to take care of our little girl anymore so at 1 year old, we put her into daycare.

When my wife would get home from work after picking up our daughter from daycare, 75% of the time, I wouldn't be there due to me working.  It sucked, but it was what had to be done in order to keep the paychecks coming in.  Work is work.  Plain and simple.  I wasn't out drinking.  I wasn't out partying.  I wasn't out having fun without her while she was stuck at home with the baby.  I was at work.  Work.  

During the time that my daughter was born and now, I've caught my wife talking to two different men from her job.  This wasn't the kind of talking that married people should be doing.  It was more flirty and "I miss you" and "I can't wait to see you again".  Stuff like that.  Yes I was hurt and furious but I didn't leave b'c I honestly don't believe anything sexual had happened between them.  My trust went from 100% to 0% in a matter of a year.  Now I'm always wondering who she's talking to or what she's doing or who she's having lunch with at her job and on and on.  I was never like this until SHE made me like this.  I HATE IT.  She expects me to just trust her again but I just can't.  I tell her trust needs to be earned and not expected once something like that happens.

Now she's at a point where she says she did what she did because I was never there for her and she felt like a single mom for the first few years of our daughters life.  I've since been moved to a different store where my hours are much, much better and I'm able to help out with a LOT more things.  I've been doing everything I can to help out more but my wife says that she has so much built up resentment that she feels its too little too late.

We have NO relationship anymore.  Nothing.  She barely even looks at me.  We sleep in the same bed, still, but that's it.  Nothing more.  No sex. no touching, no affection.  She's just so cold toward me and this is absolutely devastating because I'm a very affectionate person.  To go from what we once had to where were at now in a short 3 years is just so hard for me to believe and accept.

We've been to counseling once before but during that time, she was talking to someone on the side so she obviously wasn't giving it her all and wasn't ready to try to work on "us".  Since that didn't work, she refused to go again saying it was a waste of money since they don't know what they are talking about.  In her mind, she wants to separate.  In my mind, that won't fix anything.  She wanted me to leave but I told her I'm not going anywhere.  If she wants to leave to sort herself out, then there's the door.  But she refused, too.  I told her we HAVE to go to counseling.  We supposedly know what our problems are but we just don't know how to work on them to get over the past and move forward with our lives together.  I told her if she doesn't go to counseling, then she doesn't care about our family and our 10 year history.  Well, we went to our first counseling session last Tuesday and it went well in the aspect that we really like this lady.  If she can help is a whole other story.  She fgave us a 3-page magazine article to read as "homework".  I read it within 5 minutes of getting home.  She still hasn't read it and refuses to.  When I ask her if she's read it yet, she gets mad.  Its very frustrating as to why she even read the damn article.  

We are now going on a cruise together for our 5 year anniversary which we booked a long time ago which kind of has me worried.  How are we supposed to have any fun on this cruise with whats currently going on in our lives.  

At times, I feel like it would be better off if we were to just get a divorce but then I think about my 3-yr old daughter and our family.  I also feel like the problems we have aren't so bad that we can't work through them.  I just don't understand why she refuses to even really try.  That's the part that gets to me.  How can someone that once loved me so much just want to give up on everything.

Should I wait this out and see where it goes?  Should I ask for a divorce?  In all honesty, I'm starting to feel some resentment toward her for acting like this.  I love my little girl more than anything in this world and for me to miss out on 50% of her life would hurt me a LOT.  My wife knows this, also, and thats another reason I am feeling some resentment.  She knows my daughter is my world and for her to just basically give up is heart-breaking.

I'm sorry if this didn't make much sense.  I'm not a very sinsible typer.  I just type whats going through my head.  :)  

TL;DR: My wife and I had the perfect relationship.  Now she's the complete opposite and refuses to work on things even though our problems aren't that bad per say.  What do I do?

Summary:
She expects me to just trust her again but I just can't.
She wanted me to leave but I told her I'm not going anywhere.
We had the most perfect relationship.
:)  

TL;DR: My wife and I had the perfect relationship.
I also feel like the problems we have aren't so bad that we can't work through them.
I told her we HAVE to go to counseling.
I was never like this until SHE made me like this.
I just don't understand why she refuses to even really try.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
