Original Response:
Throwaway because of personal shit. Known my mom 21 years, obviously, since I fell out of her vagina.


Since I was 18, I supported myself financially and lived in my own apartment. Six months ago, our family hit a really rough patch. My mom had to move out with her boyfriend to take care of him, leaving her house empty. She asked me to move in.

I did, because I needed to be near family (I was approximately 3.5 hours away when I lived on my own) and I knew it would be best at the time.

Well, her boyfriend passed away not too long after I moved back in (less than a month) and she moved back into her house with me. It's been... rough, extremely rough.

My mom has no boundaries when it comes to my room, something we'd talked about before I moved back. She's constantly coming into my room, throwing things away, gathering my clothes out of my hamper, and going through things. She does this if I'm home, or not. It seems sweet, but it isn't. For example, I'd went shopping and when I got home, I put my bags with my stuff at the very end of my bed. I had to go somewhere and didn't have time to sort through it. Come home, bags are gone. After asking, and searching, I finally find them in the trash bin outside. She'd assumed it was trash, and tossed them out. I'd spent probably $150 on that stuff, and it was in the fucking trash can. 

She's CONSTANTLY going through my clothes. If I come home and change into pajamas, I don't think the hoodie I had on for an hour needs to be washed. So I'll either hang it on the doorknob of my closet, or lay it on my bed. I know I'll be heading out again so I don't see why I need to hang it back in my closet. There's been so many times I've laid an outfit on my bed to change into when I get done showering, only to come out and find it's been put in the washer because she assumed it was dirty, despite me asking her multiple times not to do that, that I am fully capable at 21 years old of washing my own clothes.

I've had to reorganize my dresser so many damn times because if I'm gone, she'll grab clothes out of my hamper, and when they're done, will just stuff them into random drawers. My bras and socks and underwear do not go with my pajama bottoms. It doesn't sound like that big of a deal, but it's annoying as hell and I wish she'd learn to leave MY things alone. They're not bothering her. And it's not like I leave loads of clothes out, I'm talking 5 articles of clothing. The way I do laundry, I wait until I have a decent load, and then wash them. Her idea is to wash a pair of pants and t-shirt in one load, and that wastes power and water. 

She never knocks. This was something we talked about before I moved back, too. I'm 21 with a boyfriend, and it's rude for you to barge in my room without knocking. I know it's her house, but I pay for all the groceries, and help out with the utilities. 

I had to leave a good paying job when I moved back. Now, I work from home. She seems to think "working from home" is the same as just dicking around on the computer. I *have* to be at my computer or near it from 9AM-1PM, the rest of the time is more lenient. She doesn't realize this. So when she starts yelling for me to come into the kitchen or go to the grocery store, I can't. I have to be at the computer, doing my job. Despite telling her, she'll yell for me and if I don't answer or come within five seconds, she blows up my cell phone.

I want to move back out but right now, I can't. I don't make enough money to pay for a place, and her health has started declining so I feel obligated to be here in case she falls or hurts herself. 

She drives me absolutely crazy sometimes. Today, I was working and had a cup sitting beside me of water. She comes in, without knocking, looks around my room, picks the cup up, and starts to walk out. I'm like, "Hey, I'm drinking that.." and she's like, "Oh! I didn't know." WTF?! It's right beside me. It's still fucking cold. Of course I'm drinking it.

She's thrown so much of my stuff away. I had a good chunk of the Mass Effect comics. Suddenly, they're gone. Why? Because she decided the "magazines" on my bookshelf needed to be tossed out. I managed to save 4 of them, but the rest were soaked with spoiled milk, and the rest of the trash. It's shit I pay for, shit I care about, that she just deems unnecessary and tosses out. 

She's thrown half-empty bottles of my shampoo out because she didn't realize they had anything in them. She's thrown away computer parts because she didn't know what they were and why I needed "scrap metal" (WTF?!) and she threw away an entire folder once (containing my social security card, birth certificate, whole bunch of legal documents, etc.) because she assumed it was trash. I had just moved in and had it out because I needed them for job applications. 

Just. Fucking. Shit. She doesn't ask.. at all. She's came into my room, and just randomly started opening my drawers because she was looking for something. Won't tell me what, just that she lost something. Well it's for fucking sure not in my room. I had to put one of those drawer locks on my bottom drawer of my night stand because I didn't want my mom to keep looking at my butt plug and vibrators. 

When I moved back, I told her I wanted privacy. I told her I was moving back to help out, and I didn't want to be treated like a teenager anymore. I've had two years by myself, and I was fine. I hate that when my boyfriend spends the night, we have to get changed in a hurry because she doesn't knock, and will use that little key thing to unlock my door if it's locked. WITHOUT KNOCKING. I'm 21. It's not okay with me for my mom to see me naked. It bothers me. But still, without fail, I'll be getting ready in the bathroom or bedroom, and bam, I hear the door pop because she's unlocked it. How the fuck is that okay? 

Save for moving out, how can we fix this? What can I say to make her understand this isn't okay, and that I'm adult? I didn't move back because I had to, or needed her help. I moved because I was trying to help HER. And acting like this isn't okay with me. I feel like a ten year old getting watched by mommy the entire time.

**TL;DR:: My mom is constantly snooping through my things, and throwing my stuff away. How can I set boundaries (which I thought had been established already) with her without pissing her off or just moving the fuck out?**

Summary:
She asked me to move in.
She does this if I'm home, or not.
I have to be at the computer, doing my job.
I didn't move back because I had to, or needed her help.
She doesn't ask.. at all.
She's CONSTANTLY going through my clothes.
This was something we talked about before I moved back, too.
My mom has no boundaries when it comes to my room, something we'd talked about before I moved back.
Now, I work from home.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
