Original Response:
Throw away 

I meet my SO (lets say her name is F) in high school, started talking and slowly becoming friends. after a couple of months we started dated and havent looked back since. We are opposites (she is religious while im not so much, she wants to be a teacher, myself a graphic designer) making us work with each other, and have been able to talk for hours a day since the beginning. We have both supported each others sporting activities and she supports my love for video games and we have the same friendship group so that's great. 
We have had little problems here and there with our communication and such but we have continued to work on it. We always tell each other we love them and try to talk at least every night. We were each others first relationship, kiss, and first time (sex). She is a little controlling and has a short fuse, and is sort of like her mum in that sense (40F), but other than that she is great.


Her parents (40s M/F) are sort of split, sort of together. When we started dating they were together, living in the same house with minimum arguments and disagreements, however as time has passed they have moved further and further away. F's father has a drinking problem and her mother has depression (post having kids, not thinking its a problem) and OCD. she has to keep the house clean and tidy at all times and nobody else help is up to her standard. They started to fight more and more and F would be stuck in the middle of it. Eventually F's father moved out of the house and lives with his brother, but pops by every other night to check on his kids. F's mother's depression is at a all time worst and she would scream and shout and tell people she wants to commit suicide, believing F's father is cheating on her. They refuse to go to counseling with one another to try and sort the problem out. I have always supported F and tried to offer assistance when i could, but her mother would take everything out on F, it became difficult for her to stand up to her. I felt like i was unable to help and decided she should got see a councilor. 


One night her family (F, Mum dad and brother (15m)) and i were traveling to her family's birthday event. F's father was piss drunk unconscious (pretty much) in the passenger seat and f's mother starts discussing if he wanted to choose between his female friend who he is allegedly seeing (affair?) or his kids, for about 10 minutes. I thought it was really disrespectful, and i texted F next to me and said this is ridic and i need to do something. She was aplogising non stop that this was happening and i had to listen to it. I said To F's mum "can we talk about this another time?", to be answered with "no we cant sorry". F went off at her mother, and me and F's mum didnt talk for the rest of the night. She came up to me and apologized, saying she is really sorry and she loves me, however i was still quite mad and just said okay.  She dropped me home with the rest of the family in the car and i said goodnight. I was so mad and angry that she brought up her family problems in front of me as well as discussing it in front of her kids. 


Things between me and F's mother worsened as she thought i was rude to her for not talking to her and expected a apology. i refused as i believed i didnt do anything wrong, and she told F i need to if i want to see her again. i stood my ground and F's mother folded. This created tension between me and F. She felt like i was willing to jeopodise our relationship because i wouldnt apologise, and i was to not let her mum control our relationship, which i felt like she would have if i did apologise to her. I wasnt comfortable with going to her house because of the way her mother treated me and she felt i was leaving her family. We began to fight more and more until it was about every second or third day over little things and her pressuring me to come and see her and her family, even though i wasnt ready to visit her family and wanted her to come to my house. with her pressuring me to come to her house (even though i told her i needed time) and my frustration growing, i broke the relationship last week. I told F (as recommend by reddit) that i wasnt happy in the relationship, and wanted to end it. She became quite upset and started to yell and wouldnt let me leave, she was crying and saying that wasnt a real reason to end the relationship. She blocked my way back to the car however i was able to get past and leave. I was happy that i was able to move on, i guess her actions made it easier for me. I thought about her still but i tried to keep moving forward and moving past it all. I go non-contact for a couple of days, until she texts my friend asking if im okay and if we could talk. I message her and we agree to talk early next week. I thought it was just to clarify why we broke up, as i feel like she deserves that after 2.5 years.


We meet up and she admits to her actions being over the top and apologies, she also admits that us messaging every night is over the top (i agree, i like to relax) and wanted us  to just talking for a bit a night every other day. She also wanted us to talk to each other about our feelings and to not put pressure on the other person if we cant see each other because we are busy. Along with some other little things in our relationship that we compromise to. I was shocked by this and accepted these compromises and we started dating again. she was really happy and i was somewhat happy, i think i was shocked at everything that happened. we talked that night and i didn't seem to be happy to be back together for some reason, just average i guess. 


However i felt like i betrayed myself, as i was prepared to break up with her and to try and be friends, and i become quite angry and mad at myself for this that night and the next morning. i woke up average and i felt like this isnt right, and decided to end the relationship again as i felt like my heart wasnt in it, i felt like it wasnt fair to continue if i wasnt going to put in the effort, and i broke it off after one day. (I know i know, stupid me not trying to give it a chance, dont need to mention it, know i fucked up). She was upset again, that i didnt give it a chance. We decided to be mutual friends and ended with a hug and a message saying thank you for everything and always here for each other.


Im now super confused with my life, after this i went to work and couldnt stop thinking about her and how upset she is, and how miserable i feel for breaking up with her twice even though i didnt give it a try the second time. Im not sure if the feelings i am having for her right now is because i have upset her by giving her the hope we might get back together and then breaking up with her again, or if i genuinely miss her and want to try and work things out. However i dont want to put her through another possible break up if things dont go well.

We broke up last Thursday, got back together Tuesday and today have broken up again :/ (i know) for clarity 


I need some advice if i should just continue with breaking up with her and forget about her, or try to work through this again. Im not sure if these feelings are because i am upset with how she is feeling or if im genuinely missing the relationship.


**TLDR: Broke up with my (19M) SO (18F) after continuous arguments and problems with family. Met with each other after a couple of days where we compromised our relationship and dated again only to break up after a day cause i didnt feel the love and spark we once had. I feel guilty that i didnt give enough time to work on the relationship again, but i dont want to hurt her again like i did before. Should i leave her and try to move on with my life or try to sort our relationship out?**

Summary:
F went off at her mother, and me and F's mum didnt talk for the rest of the night.
I said To F's mum "can we talk about this another time?
She was upset again, that i didnt give it a chance.
I feel guilty that i didnt give enough time to work on the relationship again, but i dont want to hurt her again like i did before.
I told F (as recommend by reddit) that i wasnt happy in the relationship, and wanted to end it.
We always tell each other we love them and try to talk at least every night.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
