Original Response:
Sorry for the long post, but it's a bit of a long-ish story. Thank you so much to anyone who reads it and replies.

This particular friend and I have known each other for a few years now. We met online and have gotten really close over time. 

In the past year, things have been especially different. At first, I have to admit, even though I did find him attractive, I never really saw him in that way, so he was kind of friend zoned for a while. I think maybe it was because of the distance. But things changed between us, we started becoming extra flirty with each other and started talking to each other a lot more over time.  Then one day a week before he visited last year, I kind of had a "holy shit, I really, really like him" moment and how could I have been so stupid to not realise it, etc.  

After that, I got enough courage to tell him how I felt, because I thought he felt the same way. I was really worried though that I may have read things wrong, so I just told him, to make sure, that if he didn’t like me that it would be fine, I would just forget about this conversation ever happening and we could just be friends.  At that time, he told me really liked me, but he wasn't sure what he wanted to do because of the distance. So I decided to give him some time to sort out what he wanted to do since it was a legitimate reason to not know what to do.

Fast forward a couple of months later.  I was starting to get really tired of waiting, he and I got into a conversation/argument about it and some of the other things that he had been doing for a long time like putting walls up, among other things and long story short, he apparently doesn't feel the same way about me. So we didn’t talk for over a month cause he just decided to drop off the face of the earth even though we normally talk every day. He apologized and for some reason I decided to forgive him since it was the first fight we had ever had in the 3 ish years we have known each other.
 
Anyways, just before he and I had that argument, another friend of mine told me they liked me, and we ended up getting together eventually in the time he decided to drop off the face of the earth. As soon as I told him about this person, he started acting very weird, from "accidentally" calling me, to changing all the things that I had brought up in that conversation we had beforehand and making much more of an effort to make sure he was still doing said things. 

So this past weekend he came here, and immediately I knew I was in trouble. He was being overly touchy/flirtatious with me, prior to alcohol consumption, in front of everyone. We went back to his friends place to continue the party and eventually his friend fell asleep, and it was just the two of us. Then he apparently decided it was a great idea to kiss me. I asked him “why on earth did you do that??” since I am with someone, and he apologized, but then eventually we ended up making out, so I am not exactly the best person ever on earth. I asked him what he wanted to do and he was like “it doesn’t matter what I want” and that he said was scared what because of the distance and how could we see each other even though we don't live very far from each other at all. 

Then the next day, we ended up talking more about it and apparently he doesn’t know what he wants still, long after the first time I told him I liked him as more than a friend. I asked him straight out what he wants from me, if he likes me as more than a friend, etc, and all I get is “I don’t know”.  I asked him again, to just tell me if he doesn’t like me that way, as it would be a lot easier. Still get the “I don’t know”. I told him then that he needs to figure it out or I am going to get fed up and walk away, his eyes went wide so I was kind of hoping it sort of registered with him. Apparently also he has just been pushing away things so he doesn’t have to think about it, and now he should probably deal with it.

I’ve been trying to give him some space, as I figured it would be the best thing to do, but I just don’t really know where he and I should go from here.  I told the person I was seeing about what happened the day after and they’ve already broken up with me, and I don’t blame them, I would have done the same. 

He hasn’t had a girlfriend for most of the time I’ve known him, and being unsure about other people has been a common theme for him over the years, so I don’t know if it’s just he’s been single for so long that he isn’t sure that he wants to give that up and its freaking him out, or he's just trying to see how far I will let him go before I put an end to this slash he knows exactly what he wants and its not me in that way... honestly I have no idea.  But I do know I am getting tired of his bs. 

Anyone have any insight? Any is appreciated, seriously. 

TL;DR: Friend of mine has been giving me mixed signals for a few months, telling me he likes me one minute, then doesn’t, then goes and kisses me when I am with someone, then still doesn’t know what he wants from me.

Summary:
At that time, he told me really liked me, but he wasn't sure what he wanted to do because of the distance.
I asked him again, to just tell me if he doesn’t like me that way, as it would be a lot easier.
So I decided to give him some time to sort out what he wanted to do since it was a legitimate reason to not know what to do.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
