Original Response:
I'm not sure if I chose the best title for this, but I couldn't figure out anything more appropriate. Before I begin I'd like to apologise for my english, it's far from flawless as it is not my native language but I'm trying my best.

Basically, about 10 days ago I began talking to a girl that a fancied for a few months now. She moved close to where I live a few years ago, but it's a small, boring town and neither of us spend too much time here and we went to schools in an opposite direction so we never really ran into each other until recently. At the start of this year she started taking the same bus as me and I couldn't help but notice how beautiful she is. Being the shy person that I am, I never approached her, but I was hoping one day I will get to know her... Somehow. 

Well we did indeed get introduced, by a mutual friend of ours who lives about 40 miles away from us, which is a funny coicidence. (She knows him from Anime conventions and I dated his ex + played games with him, only seen him like two times, so he's more of an internet friend.) I saw her posting on his facebook wall and asked him about her, then added her a few days later and we started talking. Since we live about a minute of walking distance from each other there wasn't really an excuse for us not to go out and just hang out. We both kinda agreed that talking on facebook is inferior to seeing each other irl. So after 2 days of constantly sending each other messages we went out for a walk. We couldn't stop talking and stayed out much longer than we planned, just because we had so much to say to each other. The day after, we went out again. We went earlier this time just to make sure we don't go to sleep at 1am on a school day again. 

Funnily enough we did not quite succeed at that, but I feel like it was worth it. We went for a long walk and then sat down for a bit. After a while we started touching each other, holding hands at first, then cuddling a little bit, stroking each other etc. it felt really nice, I'm not gonna lie. I forgot to mention the first day she actually told me she has a boyfriend, but has no feelings for him and has been trying to dump him for some time, but he's been threating her that he's gonna commit suicide if she leaves him and that kind of stuff. I guess we both felt a bit guilty, but neither of us seemed to wanna stop. When I escorted her home we hugged for good 5 minutes and then I told myself "why the hell not?" and kissed her. She didn't seem to mind, she even kissed me back. 

The day after she sent me a text saying she feels weird about yesterday, because she has cheated on him even thought she has no plans of being with him whatsoever. We went out that day too. We cuddled loads, it was just as perfect as the previous day. At one point she made a notion as if she was going go kiss me so i reacted and we ended up kissing again, however she quickly moved away and looked down in shame and shortly after said "Why are you doing this?". I felt really bad as if I didn't listen to her the day before, it just felt like the right thing to do at that moment, I apologised though, she hugged me and kissed me on the cheek and said goodnight. I couldn't blame her, I was honestly mad at myself because I didn't want to make her feel bad. 

We weren't supposed to see each other during the weekend as we both had our plans, however due to bad weather we were both forced to stay home for the weekend and we were trying to figure out what to do. My parents were going away for a night so I mentioned to her (didn't want to force her or anything) that we could watch some movies at my place. She broke up with the guy on that day and seemed both happy and displeased about it but agreed to come. We found ourselves lying in my bed cuddling quite quickly and we kissed a lot (it was her initiating it this time, surprisingly). We ended up falling asleep both half-naked with our bodies intertwined as if we were together for a long time. Waking up next to her was the most beautiful thing ever, we didn't leave the bed until like 2pm, because it all just felt too good. She stayed at my place the night after too, it just the same as the first night and just as awesome. 

On monday we had a bit of an 'arguement' though, and that's why I'm making this post. She told me we should really slow things down or just be friends. Well sort of. She said rushing things like this can't end well but she cares about me and I guess wants a long-term relationship with me, which is what I want aswell. I told her I don't mind slowing down at all, it was just a bit weird talking about it yesterday after what happened that weekend. We both somehow ended up crying at each others shoulders talking about how people fucked us up in the past. She told me she obviously feels bad about her ex because he's hurt but at the same time she's happy for me because I'm making it easier for her. We also agreed that we definitely shouldn't see each other on a daily basis because it would become a chore and we'd end up hurting each other eventually.


I'm a tiny bit confused now. While I do like taking things slow and don't mind if we take a step back and go back to holding hands and the occasional kiss, I wonder what's going through her mind and want a bit of an advice as to what should I do now to make her feel comfortable with and when to take the next step etc.

I'm aware that the formatting might be mediocre, i'm writing this from a phone and having quite a difficult time with this :). 

TL;DR - I met a girl, we got together very fast, want to take things slower now.

Summary:
We went out that day too.
The day after, we went out again.
She told me we should really slow things down or just be friends.
She didn't seem to mind, she even kissed me back.
We went for a long walk and then sat down for a bit.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
