Original Response:
Me M-27 her F-23 been together 1 1/2 yrs.

She brings up the topic of marriage and buying a house together quite frequently.  Recently it's starting to get to me and has made me start to rethink our relationship.  Her big dream in life is marriage and buying a house, my big dream... is undetermined.  

She has been a bit sheltered and has had a really great childhood, close family and all that good stuff everyone wants.  I had a rough childhood, family isn't the closest and I was generally left to myself as a child.  I feel like her being so close to her family and the way they are she hasn't had much time to get to know herself and be an individual.  She isn't a big fan of independence and always needing someone else to help her with decisions. I enjoy independence and have probably spent more time alone than around others so I am introverted and not the greatest at remembering people expect certain things socially.  I tend to make decisions on my own a lot unless of course it effects someone else, at which point I ask what they think.   

I am not sure about marriage in general and currently I am trying to pay down my student loans at an accelerated rate so the house thing isnt on my list for at least a couple years.  She doesn't make much currently and cant live on her own without a roommate (she lives with her parents at the moment because of this).  

Lately all we do is fight, it seems like we really don't have much in common.  I enjoy video games, work in IT so my job is basically a hobby outside of work and I read a lot, whether its computer books, history, sci-fi/fantasy or anything else that seems to interest me at the time.  She spends a lot of time on facebook, playing random iPhone games and watching TV (We really should get outside more).

The fighting and lack of common interests have made us start to talk about trying to find things in common we can do as a couple.  It has also made me start to question our relationship.  I don't know if I am really the person to give her what she wants.  

She said marriage doesn't matter and she can love without it for me, but I really don't think that is fair.  She really wants to get married I hear about marriage multiple times a week and know its a big dream of hers and I don't think I should ever prevent that. One day maybe I'll want to get married but if that doesn't happen over the next few years I don't want to waste her time.  

With me having a lot of student loan debt moving out of my currently living situation isnt really ideal either, rent is cheap so I can dump a lot of money on loans.  I really don't like the idea of being in debt so much to student loans. I was young never had any family members go to college so I didn't understand what the debt would be like or what to do until it was already there, so now I want to fix that and not burden my partner with this issue in the future. My mom lived paycheck to paycheck and I saw first hand the stress that can put on someone and I don't want to live that way.  

She also has a tendency to complain about things and that's OK we all do that, but I feel like if she is going to complain about the same stuff over and over we should work on fixing it which doesn't end up working out so well.  What does happen is we talk about ways she can fix the problem (say something is wrong or with her family) then she doesn't do anything about it, problem happens again, she complains more, rinse and repeat.  She lacks self-confidence which I am trying to help her with as it causes her a lot of problems because she wont stand up for herself at work or with her family.  

Another barrier is that I am an introvert.  I think I may depression issues and I would really like to work on correcting those.  Because of this I enjoy time to myself, whether its reading, playing a game or just kinda staring off at the wall.  I think I might do this too much even when she is around and it makes her feel like she isn't getting the attention she needs.  

She doesn't really hang out with her friends ever and I just have a few close friends I hangout with when I have time.  For me this isn't a problem as I have always been a bit of a loner, which my friends don't mind as they have there lives to live and we catch up when we can.  But for her I think it may be an issue.  I always try to get her to spend time with her friends whether as a group with more or on times when I am busy and she is bored.  She never seems to have the desire to hang out with them though.  This basically leaves her to hangout with me or be at home watching TV.  Her lack of hobbies/friend time means anytime I am away I receive text after text about her being bored, which to be honest stresses me out for some reason.  

TL;DR - Not sure if my girlfriend and I are compatible in the long run and that I may be in the way of her two big goals in life.  She (23) wants marriage and to buy a house.  She also lacks hobbies and friend interaction which puts a lot of burden on me to give her attention and entertain her.  Me (27) not ready for marriage/not sure its something I want anytime in the next 3-5 years or ever. I am introverted/love my hobbies and paying student loan debt down so changing my living situation for the next couple of years isn't very ideal to that goal.

Summary:
I really don't like the idea of being in debt so much to student loans.
She (23) wants marriage and to buy a house.
I feel like her being so close to her family and the way they are she hasn't had much time to get to know herself and be an individual.
But for her I think it may be an issue.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
