Original Response:
Me (26F) and my oversees bf (24M) have been in love for a year in real and are on a long term relationship since the last 3 months. 

When he initially left the country for his work , he was so much in love with me. But slowly when he got used to the culture there he changed a bit . He did something that he regrets now. He made out with a girl there a lot of times in a lot of place which he confessed to me last month saying he was sorry that all that happened. I was broken. He wanted me to forgive me and take him back. I was ready to do that cos I loved him a lot and I did not want to lose him cos of his mistake . I took him back into my life. He had told me he will break it off with that girl when she got back from vacation. I believed it. I tried to speak normally with him. I did not want him to feel guilty with me after actually forgiving him. I tried to cheer him up saying everything will be alright. For his birthday I sent him a scrapbook of memories of his life with me here . It took me almost a month to get that done for him. I chose and did that with the most utmost care even though he was giving me a lot of pain that month. I wanted to give him something as a memory since I was not there near him to satisfy him physically.He was very happy when he opened the packet I had sent him cos I saw him open the packet myself on his birthday over skype. 

By this time, he had broken off the relationship he had with that girl saying that they will be friends from hence forth and that they will not be making out anymore cos he wanted to be true to the girl who is waiting for him here (me). So immediately they went from kissing &amp; making out to being friends. I was in no way taken into consideration when this new friendship pact was forged between him and her so fast. 

I never meant they can never be friends. But it is just too hard to see me spending time with her like this. He has openly told me he likes her and he does not want to break his friendship with her even if it means losing me. For his birthday she gifted him salsa lessons with her instructor and now she is taking him for surfing classes there.And she comes home every now and then to take care of him and take him out and all. 

I was very afraid when all this was happening. I did not want him to dance with her at any cost after them being together like that. As his gf I felt a boundary has been crossed and that I felt I needed time even accepting so many things between them and they instantly forged this friendship of hanging out together after office and she knows exactly what he likes. he is a great foodie &amp; a fun loving guy so she knows how to make him happy. He goes with her for salsa classes and whole night parties and even lets her stay at his place (though they do not sleep together) if she is late from the party. I feel really broken to deal with the pain he puts me through .

I sent her a msg one day in facebook saying that she did her best to ruin my love life for me and I eventually came out of facebook cos her messages to him calling him to different parties and places were disturbing me over here and I was crying myself to sleep everyday.

He kept suggesting I take a break from him for a few days. I thought about it . I told him to take a break from me for 2 weeks and have fun without me and see how his life was without me. To be honest , his life was pretty normal and he had the usual fun and salsa as always with her even during the break we had for a few days. Then he felt guilty and he said he missed me and wanted me back and eventually made me break the 2 week break we were on. The original plan was he was supposed to take a 2 week break from me first and then take a 2 week break from her and see which made him happy and then choose one of us and work towards that. 

But the break was broken in a couple of days cos of him wanting me back. I was again swaying towards him cos he needed me. Then he still kept going with her which I did not like. I told him again and he told me something that hurt like hell. He said he wanted me to wait till he got back . he said this was the time he can enjoy in his life and that when he comes back he will be responsible in his life and will be with me. I was so upset when he said that to me. what would it mean. him having fun when am not around and him wanting me back when he came back . He said all this so casually. I was upset. I said it is difficult for me and cos of him am in a lot of pain and in fear and that I need more time before they can do all this when am not around. I said he can choose one of us and stick with that person with no regrets and I am fine with that. He apologized after realizing he hurt me by saying so and said he will not talk to her again. (I know this was impulsive cos he cannot be without talking and going out with her) I somehow ended up putting a list of do's and don't's for him out of pain. The don't included he should not spend time with her alone. he should not touch her . he should not dance with her. she should come home when he is alone. something like this. I was upset. He agreed to all of them. I slept through the night and I woke up feeling extremely upset that I had put such a list like that for him. I wanted him to feel free and happy. I mailed him . I told that he should live a free life and I will not control him in any way. I was the only one who did not understand him . I mailed saying I will move away from him and mailed how much he meant to me all this while . and said that accepting that new girl in his life was extremely difficult for me. I kept getting nightmares of him and her and I could hardly sleep a day without crying myself to sleep. 

I felt i was being psychotic on him with obsessive love. I could not like that girl being with him.He did not understand. he does not understand it . 
Recently they went to a party together. He was even sick that time. he still went. and she came over cos it was late. i know he was true and they slept seperately only but still it hurts to know they are together like this. 

I have been feeling miserable all this long , and I went about harming myself and also want to end life cos of the pain I go through each day. Am not sure if anyone understands the magnitude of pain i go through to just live another day. I put sleeping pills to sleep and still i end up getting nightmares and  it is scary to live. I want to close my eyes and never wake up. I cry I cry and i bang my head on the wall to feel the pain.my pain never goes away. I know am being over emotional. But then I cannot seem to help it. I tried to let him be happy with his happy. He does not need me like before. 

TL;DR The long distance relationship which me and my bf were having was hindered by my bf making out with a mexican girl oversees when I was not around. BF does not want to let go of that girl's friendship and goes out with her every now and then in the name of parties , dance lessons on friendly terms . My heart hurts to know they are going around together when they had such a recent history of making out so often. They switched from kissing to friends just instantly.I am the only one finding it hard to deal. Right now we are not talking anymore. I want him to have a normal life .
But I am broken down miserably with a lot of pain. 
I do a lot of stupid things like hurting myself more to feel the pain.
I end up crying a lot such that my pillows are soaked and my eyes hurt like hell when i wake up.
I take sleeping pills to kill the pain I feel when I am awake. 
I cannot concentrate on my work. 
I lost my appetite. I lost focus. I feel hopelessly in love with someone who does not understand me in any possible way.
I am trying to go to a psychiatrist so that I do not do anything else stupid when am weak. I get the suicidal thoughts often these 2 weeks. It is driving me insane.

How do I live one more day ? Where do I find the courage to just open my eyes and live another day ?

Summary:
I want him to have a normal life .
I was so upset when he said that to me.
I was the only one who did not understand him .
He does not need me like before.
I wanted him to feel free and happy.
I took him back into my life.
He wanted me to forgive me and take him back.
I do a lot of stupid things like hurting myself more to feel the pain.
But I am broken down miserably with a lot of pain.
I did not want him to dance with her at any cost after them being together like that.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
