Original Response:
I (31 F) have been dating my boyfriend (34M) for three years. He has a son. It has always been an issue. Let me give you the backstory.

I have always worked tirelessly to do the right thing for myself and my future. I graduated from high school at the top of my class. I had no money and put myself through college by commuting and working every night. I managed to get myself a decent enough job in my field and bought my own house in my mid 20s. All by myself, no aid, no help. I always prevented pregnancy because having a child just wasn't an option if I was going to be self sufficient. Self sufficiency was my only option.

Fast forward a few years, I met my current boyfriend. He had a child, and I knew I wasn't interested in that. We ended up camping together with friends (no kids on this trip) and got to know each other. Next thing you know, I'm dating a man with a child (7 then, now 10). Yes I had reservations. Yes I went for it anyway. Because I had found a person who I was compatible with in the most important ways.

The child's mother is my age and went to my high school. I don't remember her because she was a dropout stoner. She is low class, loose, and just plain mean. She got pregnant as a teenager, and my boyfriend wasn't sure it was his. Paternity tests confirmed. Somehow she produced a child that is not a complete little asshole. It is a miracle.

My boyfriend did not have a license when I met him. His job was one he could walk to. He didn't make a lot of money but he always paid child support out of pocket. After about a year of dating, he finally got his license back and landed a decent job. I was so proud of him and excited to build a future. I spent a lot of time helping him garden; forcing him to create a Christmas atmosphere for his son; helping him decorate; making his house a home. It was 2011 and I was the happiest I had ever been. I was so in love and full of hope.

Baby Mama got a whiff of the new job and immediately took him to court, claimed he hadn't paid child support in years (there were no records, he paid her cash...I saw him on many occasions do this). Just as he started to put his life back together, his wages were garnished incredibly. (This also had to do with some miscalculations about what he was making, issues which were later cleared up, but never paid back.) What I'm saying is, he was wiped clean. She took everything. He fell behind on every bill. His house fell into disrepair. He was worse off than he was when he worked the crap job and had no license.

And then there was me, watching from the sidelines, removed from the situation yet so much a part of it. I saw her as a ghost from his past wiping away every chance we had at building a foundation for the two of us. I resented her. I resented this low life that did everything WRONG but somehow was taking everything from ME, who had made every effort to lead my life correctly. She was getting a mortgage payment in child support every month.

I didn't admit this or show this, but I resented the kid. I resented everything to do with this insurmountable hindrance to my future happiness. I resented this thing that was souring my love story. I am 31 and have watched my friends one by one marry up and baby up. This man who was my fabulous fixer upper was getting the wrecking ball. As I watched more friends walk down the aisle, and as I saw more coworkers my age (and younger) start to grow baby bellies to match their wedding rings, I saw myself falling further and further behind. I was losing my chance at having a marriage and family of my own. Because he had already had his family.

And then there's the other issue...the silent scream of every woman dating a man with children. You are never the priority. And you can't even be upset about it. Because then, then you are an asshole.

The child will vomit on the bed. You will be told not to come over.
The child will need to go to practice. You do not go down the shore.
You accept the fact that couple vacation getaways are just not a part of your world. You say nothing when he takes the kid on day trips, and when you are with him, you go nowhere and do nothing. 
The kid gets the best of him. You accept this.
And then there's this...when you go out with man and said child, you get used to people calculating your age and the child's age. As if he were yours. And you realize you look like you popped out a kid at 16-19. It bothers you. In a minor way.
The needs of the child consume every other weekend. Every other weekend you are left alone, (probably ovulating), and thinking about all the shenanigans you could be having with your man, if only he weren't preoccupied with...that fucking kid.

While you wait for him to clean up the shit mess of his past, you're feeling wrinkles form. You're feeling ovaries dry up. You're feeling the sand slip through your fingers. You look at pictures of couples in love on their wedding day. The perfect quirky wedding where guests drink out of mason jars, the wife wears a vintage dress, and fireflies light the night sky. And you sob looking at others embark on their future. While he's playing baseball with that fucking kid. Knowing you will never have a day like that.

You think about starting over with somebody new. And you calculate the approximate length a new relationship would have to be before marriage would make sense. And you add this number to your age. And you realize you are too late to have kids the right way AND the natural way.

You realize you lost a huge gamble.

In the meantime, he accumulates DUIs and loses his license again. He never tells you. On Valentines Day, his baby mama informs you that the love of your life slept with her best friend. A couple of months ago.

You tell him you know. He tells you to put his stuff in a box and leave it outside. To avoid anything awkward, you know. This is what he says after smearing a huge shit stain on the last of your usable years. The years that count. The years that really, really fucking count.

And yet you still love him. And you try to make it work anyway. Pathetically.

It is now four months in. He is still broke. The kid is still the priority. He just told you that the vacation you planned is potentially cancelled to accommodate Little League.

You are silent as you shake with angry disappointment.

There is no more trust. And he knows it. And you know it. And you cling to the notion if you just keep TRYING you might claw a piece of that joy you felt in 2011. Before your foundation was wiped out. Before the lies. When there was still hope.

You attempt an outing. Today. With the kid. And him. You spy couples hand in hand, unencumbered and full of potential still. You feel the choke of disappointment in your throat. A picture of a bride on a table. Tears start to burn. You hide this successfully.

When it is over, you leave him and the child framed in your rearview mirror. Your tires shrieking. Like a bat out of hell, he says later. You tell him you were just sick.

You run five furious miles to shake the frustration. While he takes the child for hamburgers. Later he tells you he is too tired to come over after dropping off the kid.

That was today.

TL;DR! I love him. But I do not love his situation. What is it do I do now? Cut loose or keep trying?

Summary:
You tell him you know.
What is it do I do now?
And yet you still love him.
The kid gets the best of him.
The kid is still the priority.
I was so in love and full of hope.
You are never the priority.
And you try to make it work anyway.
You look at pictures of couples in love on their wedding day.
Knowing you will never have a day like that.
You do not go down the shore.
You tell him you were just sick.
But I do not love his situation.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
