Original Response:
Am I just a convenient girlfriend(25f), to my (33m) "Boyfriend"..Is he even a boyfriend?

So hold on Reddit, this is a long lengthy one. Back story is I have been with a man for a year and a bit. We have great chemistry, we have that kind of relationship that we can sit in silence and just be content. The problem is, I feel like he dictates when we get together, and anything that has meant ANYTHING to me seems like...nothing to him. Now I am no saint by any means.  And I will admit to the most extreme behavior. So I'll try to keep this short, and keep to the point. 
 
Problem one: He had a friend, his best friends little sister who would always find a way to back talk me, be little me or take up his time with some poor excuse. I told him it made me uncomfortable and asked if we could meet so that I could rest easy. It's been a year, I still haven't met her. Luckily that has fizzled out a lot since he ditched her so much. She got a boyfriend etc.  Still; she's around though. It's been an on going battle between us when there was no reason for it. I never "hated" her. I never knew her. She would always say things to mock my age, or whatever have you. 

Problem two: He has ditched me countless times. I can't even say how many times I have had plans with him, only for him to be "running late", too tired, or this or that happened. I spent quite a bit of time crying over why he would up and ditch me. I have made romantic dinners, dressed up and baked a cake and treats in very revealing outfits, only to wind up throwing everything out, and alone downing a bottle of wine. For example my 25th birthday, he had registered with a friend for a poker tournament we didn't learn until a week before that it was on the same day as my birthday. Rather then cancelling he ditched me and wound up drunk doing god knows what. We had broken up shortly before my birthday because I was so upset, and less than a week later he took off to Vegas  where he met a stripper named Yaya, and tried to coerce her back to his room via FB, she rejected him though. He said it was an ego thing, and since he went on a trip with a bunch of grimey salesmen they were all seeing who could convince a stripper to go back to their rooms. I know the men he went with and that's why I didn't want him to go on this trip. Mind you we were broken up and he made up his mind any way. Also New Year’s Eve.. We got in a fight so he booked a trip New Year’s Eve with his friends, and left me alone on New Year’s Eve.  Wouldn’t cancel no matter what I did. Oh in meeting my family after 9 mths. He decides to get high and instead bail. After my sister went and spent money to make it a casual affair. No sitting at a dinner table. Just grab food and sit wherever so it's not so stressful. 

Problem Three: Smokes weed. Which is the leading cause to all of this stupidity.  For as long as I can remember he has tried to quit this shit. But, unfortunately he's like a retarded puppy and follows what his friends do. We have so many break throughs, and then his idiot friend will show up and spark one up. And he's done. He's the type of guy who will smoke a j and then pass out, or just NOT move a muscle. Now I believe he is capable of change, he wants to. I know he does. He just has to get his priorities in order, and find that one thing that says enough if enough. I swear he is a good man when it’s just us. But as soon as he walks out my door or I walk out his, I don’t know him anymore. Like, he will apologize and I can tell it’s genuine, but then, he gets time alone and he changes. His friends are always nagging and bugging him though, Popping by randomly, calling and calling. I’ve spent a night where his one friend 38 years old got so trashed he called 15x and texted 10x all through the night because he was absolutely wrecked. 

On a quick side note. Because I know him so well these are the things I have done. And no I don’t justify a damn thing. When he has been with his one idiot friend inparticular and we have had plans but he’s stayed home, I have called. Like more than 10x, until he will pick up. Now my explanation for this is. I don’t want him to just go about avoiding me which he does. I want to confront the issue. That’s a Huge problem of mine. I have also in attempt to get him to respond texted him viciously. Threatened to throw his belongings in the trash. And another thing. I used to check his phone, not for cheating purposes. Because of his female friend. He would lie about hanging out with her, when I said I’m uncomfortable but if you must, tell me the truth. So I would check to see if they had hung out. He said he wouldn’t tell me because I would get so angry with him. He would also never tell ANY of his friends even though most met me, when we hung out. He’d say “I’m crashing out” rather then, I’m with Meow. Especially to this psycho female friend of his. Who has often said “Are you babysitting?”...Yeah I don’t smoke weed..Nor have I driven drunk and crashed into a meridian, or got so drunk I split my head open..She’s 35 by the way. Total winner!


TL:DR “Boyfriend” smokes a lot of weed, I’m just a convenient girlfriend..or friend? What do I do. 

Edit: I should note that he is a successful man, highly educated, and has a great job. I don't know why he's so fucked up after he clocks out at 5 PM. (HINT. Oil &amp; Gas ..And no. Not a rig pig)

Edit 2: When I have ended the relationship he comes back, apologizing and begging. Saying that it takes time to get it right in relationships, and it takes time to progress.

Edit 3: I have chosen to ditch the relationship and cut complete contact. I have had a hard weekend ignoring calls, and texts, but I stayed busy at my parents. I'm looking into a yoga class this week with a co worker, and I'm just going to focus on me. I can gaurantee I will be needing some counseling in the near future, as I can already feel the anger and resentment of a year wasted and feeling like a worthless moron, starting to surface. I want those issues taken care of before they go on and cause irreputable damage. 
 
Edit 4: I ALSO FORGOT TO THANK YOU REDDIT! Haha, You guys gave me some great advice, and an awesome blog that I am now addicted to. Also those of you harsher commenters broke it down nice and simple for me. I've got issues. And I'm going to confront them. =)

Summary:
I want to confront the issue.
I don’t want him to just go about avoiding me which he does.
He said he wouldn’t tell me because I would get so angry with him.
So I would check to see if they had hung out.
He would also never tell ANY of his friends even though most met me, when we hung out.
I spent quite a bit of time crying over why he would up and ditch me.
And no I don’t justify a damn thing.
Back story is I have been with a man for a year and a bit.
Like, he will apologize and I can tell it’s genuine, but then, he gets time alone and he changes.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
