Original Response:
Ok, first things first, I am 24, fiance is 25. We have been together for 3.5 years, and have a young toddler..

(TL;DR down below, as this story may be a rambling irrelevant mess.)


I put "cheated on" in quotation marks because I'm not exactly sure if I was cheated on. I suppose I was emotionally, but I don't believe anything happened physically. I'll explain.

This is not about forgiving, as I have already done that. This is about forgetting and getting over the pain from it.

My fiance works at the front desk of a hotel, and he met a girl over the phone (hotels call each other to get room counts and whatnot) who worked at the front desk of another hotel.
She found him on Facebook and eventually they became sort of "text buddies". I had no issues with this, though I could tell she, to be blunt, wanted his dick. So I didn't care until about 6 months later, our sex-life started to take a bad turn. We were going through financial struggles and had some-what lost the passion. We were having sex often, but it was boring.
He started staying at work later than he needed to. He was making sure I wasn't nearby when looking at texts. I thought maybe I was just being paranoid, but his behavior was just plain strange! I looked over his shoulder once (not in a malicious manner) and saw that he was in the middle of a long conversation with this girl.
So, being naturally curious about what he was hiding, I decided to be the "sneaky crazy girlfriend" and looked through his texts. Well, he deleted them. Funny! So I kept tabs on their relationship for a bit. I would check his phone here and there, and sometimes he would forget to delete conversations.
They were flirty, but nothing to write home about except that she kept begging him to call her.
Eventually (about a month later) he was making long sneaky phone-calls when he was out for a cigarette, and the messages got flirtier. So I decided to confess my going behind his back and made an attempt to end their friendship.
It wound up with us fighting and him making me feel like an asshole, so I backed off.
Their friendship tapered off and our financial situation was improved because he got me a job at his hotel in the mornings (He only works evenings.), cleaning.
Then a few weeks later, wouldn't you know it, this girl decided to apply for a front desk job at our hotel, the same shift as me, and got it. JOY.
Their shifts overlap with each other, so they worked with each other for  about an hour everyday. Within a couple of months, they were texting each other on a regular basis. I was immediately suspicious.

We then moved into a better house and finally were feeling stabilized. Our sex life improved somewhat.

But the texting, and the deleting of said texts continued. He started staying late at work again.
Finally I couldn't stand it, and had to know what was being said. I was hoping to find nothing, so that I could just stop worrying. I installed an SMS backup app onto his droid. It was pretty simple, and he didn't even notice, but I felt guilty doing it.

I restored texts the next day. Their conversation included, but was not limited to, things like "I want to feel my dick in your ass and on your tongue" and "Send me a picture of your bent over so I can visualize your ass in my face." and "I wish we could just go somewhere and fuck." and "Just come over here and fuck me."
There was also an exchange of nude pictures. One from each of them from that particular conversation.

The one saving grace from the whole thing, was that when she asked when she could have him, he told her never because "He had a family he would die for" and that the longing for her was purely physical.

This gave me the impression that they never got physical, and that he was only trying to replace something that was missing in our sex life. 

I decided to wait a few days to calm down and talk to my two best friends about it, as well as his best friend for a more objective point of view. They all advised that I leave him, but that didn't sit right in my mind. He had always been pretty passionate in his views on infidelity, so this whole thing really threw me off. I decided that his reaction when I would confront him would play a big part in what I would choose to do.

I confronted him calmly, and we had a very long discussion. He was very sorry and kept apologizing. He denied nothing, and told me he would do everything he could to gain back my trust. He told me he would be an open book. The night ended in the most passionate sex we've ever had.

The next day, he told the girl their friendship had to end and never to contact him unless it was work related, and to call from work, not text.

Our relationship is stronger than it ever has been and the sex has been amazing. It has been several months since then.

The problem now is that I have to see this girl every time I work. We're always civil, but she has never shown even an ounce of remorse.(Which, I think would make me feel better, but I don't expect her to be sorry.)  Mostly I'm fine, but other times all I see are those goddamned messages burned into my brain. It's humiliating.
 
I've considered getting another job, but our managers know our scheduling needs, We're a one car family and can't afford daycare, so I have to get back home in time for him to get ready for work. (That way somebody is always with our daughter.)
I also make much more than I would anywhere else, as far as hourly wages go.
Then there's this whole childish pride thing, where I don't want her working there, with him no less, if I can't work there too. 

I never ever bring it up with him because at this point, it's my problem.  I trust him, but it still hurts sometimes. 

I may just need a good smack in the face. I do have a tendency to dwell on things when I'm in a bad/depressive mood. Has anyone ever dealt with something similar? How did you get over it? Does it just take time?

TL;DR My fiance had flirtatious friendship with our co-worker that eventually developed into full-blown sexting and nudie-pic exchanging. I chose to forgive, but how do I really forget, especially when I work with this girl every morning?

Summary:
He started staying at work later than he needed to.
I restored texts the next day.
He was making sure I wasn't nearby when looking at texts.
I never ever bring it up with him because at this point, it's my problem.
He started staying late at work again.
and "I wish we could just go somewhere and fuck."
He told me he would be an open book.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
