Original Response:
This will be a longish read since there is a lot of background. I'm male discussing female relationship, both a little over 40.

Let me start with the history and build to the current situation. The significant other would recognize this story instantly since it's relatively specific, but she's not really the type to hang out on reddit.

We first began our relationship in high school. She was a virgin and I barely wasn't. We never had sex, although there was some things that came damn close such as fingering and what not. There was no actual penetration of any sort in this first go round. We mostly hung out with a group of friends which included a few girls and a few guys. We also had a few moments where it was just us. We were attracted to each other pretty much right away. Back then I think she thought I was kind of a confident stud as she was waiting for me to take the lead. In reality I was very insecure and uncertain about a real relationship.

So, this relationship kind of ended poorly because of my immaturity and her actions. Basically, she and her friends TP'ed my house and I had a very hard time dealing with the loss of face to my friends. While we weren't really "Dating" at the time, so I didn't technically break up, I kind of just stopped seeing her. This was right at the end of our senior year and I took up with another girl that summer and was with her for most of college.

Now fast forward a few years and I was home from school but getting ready to start a new job in a couple of months. We saw each other at a party and pretty much instantly were attracted again. We got together a few times but I kind of broke it off when I moved. I was really poor at relationships at this time and I was really at fault and didn't man up and do my job right. Something I'll always regret.

So, after moving around a few cities in the US doing various jobs, I find myself back in my hometown. At this time I'm late twenties, and I hadn't seen this girl in probably 5+ years. We reconnect again, I was single and she had just ended a 4 year or so relationship. At first, I just hung around with her friends and kinda joined her circle.

This went on for a month or so. Finally, we are out at a bar and everyone else had headed home and it's just me and this girl left. We start dancing and then kissing and then going back to her apartment for a late night of fun. I was thanking my lucky stars and decided that this time I would put everything I had into the relationship.

Unfortunately, she was pretty damaged from her just exited relationship and we ended up moving way too fast. On top of that, we had a little pregnancy scare, which really freaked her out. So this time, she kind of withdrew and cut me out for a couple of months. I took this really hard. I started dating a new girl, who I actually ended up marrying.

Finally, we get to the year 2012. It actually starts with what seems like an innocent message on Facebook. We just a made a little smalltalk over birthday wishes that evolved into a message exchange about my pending divorce from girl above. Filed in September, with one child who is 9, hopefully finalized late March.

Wife and I have had poor relationship going on three years, so divorce was pretty much inevitable. There is no love left in our relationship and I actually can't wait for it to be over.

Girl and I start sending private messages and then three weeks ago begin talking on the phone. Personally, I have no regrets because my marriage is really over with no chance of reconcilation. It involved prior lying and cheating on her part that I could never forgive.

Unfortunately, girl is still married, although in unhappy marriage. Girl and husband haven't even had sex in over year. 18 months I think it is. This is a big reason why she even started to message me once she found out about my upcoming divorce. However, no actual divorce proceeding on her part at this point.

We haven't met up in person yet, but we've had a lot of frank telephone discussions and I think a lot of people would consider her to be emotionally cheating. I guess her and husband have been discussing divorce and prior to even contacting me had already told husband that she wasn't attracted to him anymore and basically did not intend to ever be intimate again. He did some unkind non-sexual related things to her that ruined their relationship. According to her, she has even told him that we have been talking because she wants to be honest with him. I don't think she is lying to me about this.

So, now we are on the precipice of starting a real relationship again. I feel like I'm emotionally ready, but I don't know if she really is. I really had no intention of jumping into a new relationship after divorce and I probably wouldn't so soon if it were not this girl, but she is the exception.

I think we both feel that our relationship going back 20 years was never really resolved. It totally true that I never really got her out of my mind. We've always instantly connected, it's like we fit really well together. We never made it over the hump into a long term commitment, but I feel (and I think she feels) that we should have. I screwed up by being immature early on and then she wasn't ready to jump in later. So the question is, should I pursue her fully or should I try to step back and let her and husband work on their relationship? Where we are at, divorce is a min. 6 month process by the way.

She has no kids, she actually had a health issue that ruined her chances for children. My child is obviously a complicating factor. Although I think in the long run there won't be an issue, in the short term we'll have to deal with that extra emotional situation.

What do you think reddit?

Summary:
I took this really hard.
18 months I think it is.
I don't think she is lying to me about this.
I think we both feel that our relationship going back 20 years was never really resolved.
We reconnect again, I was single and she had just ended a 4 year or so relationship.
So, now we are on the precipice of starting a real relationship again.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
