Original Response:
I apologize if this isn't the right forum, if somebody could direct me to the right one I would appreciate it if I'm in the wrong place.

I have known Lance basically all of my life.  We come from a small town and everybody knows everybody.  We dated all through high school (a couple of breakups nothing serious just stupid kid stuff but we always got right back together).  I got accepted at a university basically about 50 miles from where we lived and started going there.  Lance came out of high school and went right into his family's business (farming and they own a motorsport shop).  Now I know lots of people (including many friends of mine from college) say that this is a red flag because he has no ambition or goals and I would have to take care of him financially.  They however have no idea what they are talking about, his family is rich and by rich I mean fucking loaded rich.  He is an only child and his parents will leave everything to him.  But its not like he's a leach, he is extremely adept at mechanics and people bring him their bikes from all over the state to repair.

Of course none of that has anything to do with the problem, I'm just trying to lay out a little bit about him.  Also I'm not a gold digger, I don't care about his money I would love him if he didn't have a penny to his name.

Here is the problem though, he has lived a very sheltered life.  I am the only girlfriend he has ever had he basically talks to nobody other than his customers and other people who work for them.

The first two years of college were fine.  50 miles is about an hours drive so we saw each other at least 4-5 times a month sometimes for entire weekends.  He would come here and I would go there.  It  really didn't feel a lot different form high school.

However going into my junior year I was offered a position interning at a major company that ultimately I wanted to work for post graduation.  The complication to this was that it was 4 hours away and in a very large city in the next state over.

We both agreed that this was to large of an opportunity for me to pass up and my scholarship would transfer so it would not cost me anymore.  

This went okay for the first 6 months.  We only got to see each other physically 2 times in that period but we skyped and facetimed each other everyday.  But it wasn't the same.

Sadly I had gotten very lonely and I felt like long distance was really pulling me down.  I told him this and he offered to take off every other Friday to come be with me for 3 day weekends and at first I thought that would be great but after thinking about it I know that would have put a strain on him.  Also I am not going to lie I felt like I really had been in college for almost 3 years and had not experienced the college life at all.  I had made very few friends because I wouldn't go partying or drinking with anyone due to not wanting to stray from my boyfriend.

Long story short I told him that the long distance was not something I wanted to do.  That I loved him with all of my heart and ultimately I wanted to be with him forever but in the meantime until I either moved back home or graduated I needed for us to go on a break.  I made it very clear that this was not the end for us, which is what he was afraid of.  He understandably was upset, in fact he was so upset that I had to go home that weekend to make sure he was okay.  I was afraid he was going to do something stupid to himself (he didn't threaten it, it was just the way he was acting).

That was a year ago.  I have made every effort to keep the relationship with him there for both of us.  I still skyped him every day, I still went home to visit him whenever I could.  I still told him that I loved him and he said the same to me.

I am graduating in less than a month and I have been offered a job full time with the company I have interned for at its main office which is 40 miles from our home town.  I am over the moon happy knowing that I am getting the job I wanted in the area I wanted.  

I went home over the weekend and while there I went to visit with him.  I gave him the great news and we were both thrilled.

Here is where it all went to shit.  He asked me about what this means for us and I told him that I really wanted to be back together full time and committed to each other, he said he wanted this as well.  Sound great right?

Then he asks me the following.  Before we do this I need to know if you have been with anyone else.  My first reaction to this was somewhat shock but also resentful, I told him that really was none of his business because we both knew we were on break.  I thought that would be the end of it and he would just move on but that is not what happened.  Instead he got angry and said "obviously the no answer is the answer"  and that he felt like if he was going to be with me he had the right to know.  By this time I am panicking because basically my great news and happy weekend was crashing faster than the titanic.  

So he left me standing in his shop and went to work on a bike.  I had no idea what to do, I stood there for a good 10 minutes and he never came back so I went home stunned and very upset.

I called him that night and he didn't pick up so I left him a message begging him to talk to me, I didn't want to end it like this and it was stupid if we both wanted to be together to just throw this all away.

He called me back and agreed to meet up.  He was adamant that he was not going to even consider getting back with me without knowing the full extent of our broken up life.  So since he wasn't going to respect my boundary I had to choose to either get up and let this relationship die or be truthful and blunt with him.  

I honestly want to be with him.  He is the most kind man I've ever known so I swallowed hard and told the truth.  While we were broken up I slept with 2 other guys, one guy from school and one guy from work.  Neither one of them meant anything to me, it was simply just companionship and honestly the first guy was also an experiment so to speak as I had never been with anyone other than Lance.  Both times were just okay, not horrible experiences but also not mind blowing either and certainly nothing I wanted to lose him over.

He sat there and did not say a word till I was done.  All he said was "obviously you are not who I thought you were" and got up and left.  I chased him down in the parking lot but I could see he was very upset and emotional.  I told him that I did not want to lose him and he said that I did that the moment I got with someone else and drove away.

My life is a shambles right now.  I didn't go to classes today and I've called in sick from work.  The drive home was the longest worst drive of my life.  I have sent him texts and emails and I don't know what to do here.

I love him and I am afraid I have blown the best thing in my life and I need help in fixing this.  BTW, I have no contact with either of the two guys at all.  Also the last time I was with the guy from work was over 6 months ago.

Please help me think of what I can do here.  Our family's were never even told we were on break because for the most part we still did everything the same.  Now I don't know what to do, they were all supposed to come to my graduation.  

tl;dr:  LTR went LDR.  I couldn't handle LDR so asked for break, while on break that lasted a year slept with 2 other guys.  bf asked about this before agreeing to get back together, once he found out he is now refusing to be with me.  Is there anything I can do to fix this?

Summary:
I honestly want to be with him.
He would come here and I would go there.
I went home over the weekend and while there I went to visit with him.
I have known Lance basically all of my life.
I still told him that I loved him and he said the same to me.
Also the last time I was with the guy from work was over 6 months ago.
Now I don't know what to do, they were all supposed to come to my graduation.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
