Original Response:
Hello everyone, I've got a bit of a problem and I don't know how I should deal with it. I have changed names for anonymity. 


EDIT: Ex in title should be [20 M], sorry for the typo. 


Back in September, Steven [M 20] and I [F 20] started dating. We worked together and since I was his superior, we had to keep things quiet. Still, we had a really amazing working relationship and an even better relationship outside of work. He's super charismatic and made me feel like I could not only be myself, but he made me confident in who I am. He really looked at me for me and it wasn't just about sex, he wanted more from me than any guy I've dated and I totally fell for him. 


But I was juggling two jobs, school, and a not-so-fantastic home life. My social life consisted of my coworkers, but my boss at the job we shared was a nightmare to deal with and I didn't know what to do. I'm naturally pretty high strung, and I knew I was pushing my stress onto him, and didn't think that was fair of me, so I did what I thought I should have done for his sake and ended things in November. He wasn't really happy about it, and while he wasn't outright shitty to me, his work performance suffered and it often landed on me because we worked the same shifts. I left the job in January and I'm so much happier now, I kept my second job and am doing super well there, they're looking at development right now which is super exciting for me. Steven left the job shortly after and landed a new job... right next door to my second job which I'm at pretty much every day.


When I left the job we shared, Steven came over to my house to comfort me because I was really upset, I had been there for so long and it was heartbreaking to leave. I mentioned that now that we didn't work together, maybe we could work things out. We no longer had to hide our relationship and I had finally left the main reason I was so stressed out all the time. He told me that he had gotten back with his ex, Zoe [F 21?], and they were moving in together the next month. They were together for about five months and ended things shortly before he moved down here, so this was shocking to me but I accepted it and tried to move on.


We didn't talk for two months because I needed some space, and I had some previous experience with Zoe that left me with a bad taste in my mouth. She worked for the same company and came to our store one night and said some really nasty stuff about the store, some petty but mean things about me and was just kind of rude in general. This was after Steven and I had ended things so I thought it was uncalled for. And maybe it was skewed because I knew she was his ex. I didn't know what she knew about us, and I just didn't want to deal with her. 


It was late February when he got the job next door, broke our silence to tell me, and I thought I could handle talking so we started texting again. I avoided going in there and seeing him, but eventually he straight up asked me to come by so I did. And it became a habit, I'd go in on my breaks pretty often. I missed our friendship, but he seems different now. And maybe it's because although he still flirts sometimes, he's not trying to win me over, and that's the Steven I knew... I tell him stuff about my life and while he'll congratulate me and stuff, it doesn't seem genuine. But he also asks me to come by if he sees me pull into work and I haven't in a few days. He never mentions Zoe to me. He flirts with me a lot and mentions stuff that happened when we were together.


I know he isn't going to leave her unless she does something like cheat, but I don't see her doing that although I don't know her that well. He takes super good care of her and I'm sure he's as amazing to her as he was to me. I was fine with this when we weren't talking, but I still have the feelings I had for him. I know our relationship was short lasted but I feel lost without him. Unfortunately he confuses me, and I'm not even sure I want to be with him now after watching how easy it was for him to move on while I'm still here with a heavy heart, feeling like he's missing from my life, wishing I was experiencing things with him. He does know how I feel, I told him the day I asked him if we could just not talk every day for a while. So it's not like I'm hiding it from him. 


I've gone on a few dates since this all happened and felt nothing. I don't want to win him back. I just want to get him out of my damn head. I want to go on dates and feel something again. I want to go to work and not worry about him wanting me to stop by... Does that mean I should stop talking to him again? I'm going to switch jobs soon, if I get this position I want (it's promising), I'll be next door to him maybe once a week, and it's a lot easier to make up an excuse not to come over once a week as opposed to every day of it. Not talking to him was rough, but after a while I didn't think about him all the time.


TLDR; 
Broke up with Steven back in November due to my own personal issues, asked to get back together in January when I sorted out some of the stresses in my life. He had already gotten back with his ex and they were planning on moving in together. He still flirts but it doesn't seem like he cares, but he also won't let me stay too far away from him. I just want to know how I can recover from this without cutting off contact if I can avoid it.

Summary:
I want to go on dates and feel something again.
I don't want to win him back.
], and they were moving in together the next month.
I didn't know what she knew about us, and I just didn't want to deal with her.
I mentioned that now that we didn't work together, maybe we could work things out.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
