Original Response:
We started talking about 2-3 years ago online.. we spoke occasionally throughout that time. I'm 20 and he's 23. In April he started speaking to me a lot, calling me late at night just to talk about random stuff, texting randomly, drunk dialing me, calling randomly, flirting, etc. We spoke about art and music a lot, goals, video games, family problems, pretty much everything. The only thing that put me on guard with him was when I got my belly pierced and he bugged me for a picture of it (we where strictly friends then, nothing sexual involved). The only thing holding me back from spending time from him was that I was in another state visiting family and I didn't get back home until late july sometime.

In August I started visiting him (after turning him down a few times. He always initiated it, btw). I'd only visit him late at night because I used to work in the afternoon/night so I'd sleep most of the day. After chilling alone for a while we ended up having sex. He stepped up his game, he told me I should be his girl (twice, I didn't say anything and that was after sex), he introduced me to some of his friends (but he wanted to do that before the sex), gave me advice, tried to teach me to play guitar, we made art together (for his guitar), I met his mother (though that was by accident after we finished having sex), he flirted with me, asked me to travel with him, gave me forehead kisses, lots of cuddles, gave me one of his hoodies (I didn't ask for it, he just gave it to me. It was from inside his car and he said he hardly used it and it smelled like gasoline, I took it), etc. We spent at least 1-3 days a week together until early/mid November he moved about 2 hours away. Before he left he suggested I go with (ex. you should move up here, we can get a place together.. but it'll be cheap). After two weeks of him leaving he became distant, but he would still call occasionally and tell me how he's been. He told me that he missed me once, and how we "kinda had a little something special going on, huh?" and then I mentioned something about going to see him there whenever I visited my family in a town nearby, because he said he wanted me to visit and I already had that planned in June. He became more distant after that, though he did act a bit happy. (But reading back on my old text to him, I was getting a bit needy around that time. Which is definitely out of the norm for me, because I'm usually never the one who gets attached and I'm usually always the one to "end" something).


December 3rd I came and I went over weekend to visit my family. He knew I was there, but he didn't text me. I texted him and he asked me to go over. So I went over and he didn't answer my calls or text on the way there, he didn't come outside to greet me, he barely hugged me when I saw him, hardly spoke to me or looked at me the whole night (though there where 3 other guys there). They watched football and played games all night. I sat there the whole night uncomfortable watching them. He said something about the game and asked me if "it was awesome" and I said I felt like I just wasted a year of my life (the game lasted for 3 hours, and he didn't speak to me at all until it ended). Then his friend made up an excuse to leave for a while and dragged the other guys along, so it was me just and him alone for an hour.


He didn't say two words to me, the most significant thing he did that night was graze my waist with his fingers (for a second) and play punch my arm (once during the game, and once when we where watching tv). We layed on the bed together (separate, facing opposite ways, silent) until his friends got back. At that point I had get back to my family so he walked me outside and I confronted him about earlier. He said that "none of his friends where talking tonight, everyone was just being boring.. this was just one night, we can chill again." And I said this wasn’t about his friends and I said I thought he liked me and he said “I like you”. I said he didn't speak to me all night and he didn't appreciate that I was taking out family time to spend with him, and he said if he didn't care "I wouldn't be out here right now". Then he asked me “what are you doing here?” almost implying I was only in town to see him. I said “I’m visiting family, you know that”. Then I said you cant do “all that cute shit and just cut me off” and I called him an asshole and he kept saying “I’m sorry” and that “I just have it in my head that it’s one way and it’s not” after I said he’s only saying what I want to hear (and that he's using lines I would use on someone I'd only keep on the side). He then gave me an awkward hug and backed off. He looked annoyed and I said I only brought it up because I knew he wouldn't talk about it later. Then I calmly said I was leaving and he said “next time things will be better” then I said "don't you mean IF there's a next time?" and he said that “2 hours isn’t that far”. At that point I told him not to ask me for naughty pictures anymore, and that I wasn't going to send him any (because the week prior that's all he spoke to me for), he said "do whatever makes you happy". I said that I wasn't trying to make him feel like an ass, but he was being an asshole and I didn't appreciate how he treated me tonight, then we went silent and I looked at him and said "bye" mockingly then he said "bye" mimicking the face I made and he walked back to his apartment. (It was almost like a "fuck you" goodbye for me and I think he could tell). We basically had this conversation and brought up those same things for at least 20 minutes before I left. There was a lot of silence in-between. 


After I left I texted him this: “I guess you didn’t really miss me as anything more than just a friend or acquaintance and I’m just disappointed cause I expected a little more. It’s whatever though. I’m not trying to make you feel like shit or coach you into saying some bullshit that I wanna hear, I just have to say what’s on my mind otherwise I’m gonna fuck myself up later. I don’t really expect a reply.. So peace.”

He didn’t reply and I haven't spoken to him since. A part of me feels like I was played or made a false assumption. Should I try to speak to him or just leave him alone? If I DO speak to him how can I do it without seeming clingy or too interested? I've moved on in a lot of ways, but I still miss him and the friendship we had (online and offline, though we couldn't chill now anyways because he lives far). Also, keep in mind that he drinks a lot so maybe he was just spewing shit when he said all of that nice stuff :/


TL;DR: Me and this guy spent a significant amount of time together and were getting close until he moved 2 hours away. I went to visit him but he became distant and now we don't talk anymore because of it. Should I try to speak to him again or just let it go?

Summary:
I texted him and he asked me to go over.
He knew I was there, but he didn't text me.
Should I try to speak to him or just leave him alone?
Should I try to speak to him again or just let it go?
I went to visit him but he became distant and now we don't talk anymore because of it.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
