Original Response:
I posted this in /r/relationship_advice but got only one answer, I really need some input from an unbiased 3rd party. Thank you!


Some background for you all:

Male here (26 y/o) and female (28 y/o) who lives about an hour away, have been in a relationship for about a year and a half. Our relationship is always amazing except when we talk about the distance. We have taken a couple "breaks" (which we both agree are not really breaks because we talk constantly and say I love you) over the issue of me moving to where she goes to school. We always have ended our breaks within a few days because we are truly deeply in love with each other.

In late October we had a heart to heart and told each other it was over, we cried because we could see just how much we loved each other but the situation was not healthy at all for our relationship. We actually did not talk for a few days, the first time during the course of our relationship. I would say at the beginning of November we started talking again and I would go see her and she would come see me. This is where we both fucked up.

Instead of being real ass adults and addressing the issue that tore us apart and caused us to break up, we were cowards. Instead we let the negative parts of relationship fester while allowing the happiness of our weekends together to cover up what was really a very unhealthy relationship.

At the beginning of November I was talking with this girl and she very obviously had feelings for me, and even kissed me passionately on the cheek once. It caught me off guard but in that moment it made me realize that I love my girlfriend more than anything, and I started to try and make it work.  A couple weeks later my girlfriend and I were back to being ok again, but then she asked me to make a commitment to move to where she lived, or just show any action to prove that I was working toward a future with her. I was upset that she couldn't just accept my love and instead wanted me to drop everything and move to a city that contained only her. I told her that I could not give her that 100% commitment, and for some reason we kept doing the same stuff as always.

I would still come down every other weekend or so, but I started to make excuses as to why I could not down after work on Friday, and instead would come down on Saturday afternoons and leave the following day.  She even came up and spent Thanksgiving with my family, but it still wasn't the same as before. This whole time, from the middle of October to the end of November we had been doing GF/BF stuff, saying I love you and having unprotected sex. Now unfolds the events which I ask you to voice your opinion on today.

Her birthday was on December 7th (midweek) and I decided that it would be a nice gesture to show up unannounced and surprise her for her birthday. I get to the front door and I can see in her eyes just how much my being there meant to her. We had an amazing passionate night of sex and I left the next morning confident that I could make that commitment to move and she was the one.  School got out one week later and she spent most of December in the city I live in, and we have been having an absolutely amazing time.

But then this happened on January 1st:

I get a phone call from her saying that she has gonorrhea, and got it from a guy she used to be hook up buddies with before we started dating. Apparently, she had unprotected sex with this previous hook up on December 5th, two days before my surprise visit on her Birthday. She said that it was only once, and midway through the act made him put a condom on. According to her, she felt so sick and disgusted with herself that she left immediately afterward. The reason she didn't tell me is because of how ashamed and how scared of losing me she was.

One important caveat is she is not using the "break" as an excuse for what she did. She swears that it was just the one guy one time, and that it is the biggest mistake she has ever made. We have both talked extensively about this and she is willing to work for how ever long it takes to regain my love and trust. She has apologized profusely and is pleading for me to give her a chance, but at the same time understands and will respect my wish to not carry on with the relationship. She has said that she is willing to wait months if that is how long it takes me to work through this.

The funny part (not really) is we have been talking so honestly since this happened, and I feel like an asshole for not being man enough to commit to her. She said that at that time she felt rejected so many times by me not being able to ensure that I was working toward a future with me. This coupled with me withdrawing, she lashed out at me and did something completely selfish and childish (which she has admitted and absolutely takes responsibility to).

The three biggest hurdles I can't seem to get over are:

    The actual act of cheating and not using a condom with this previous partner (not an ex).
    Actually getting an STD (emotionally it makes me think of her as tainted for the time being).
    Not telling me for a solid month now that anything happened.
    My mind running away with itself and picturing them together all the time.

I think the hardest two for me to swallow are number three and four. The reason being that this whole winter break, there has been no indication that something was bothering her. It's like she was able to live a lie for a solid month and not bat an eye. But at the same time, I can understand being so afraid of not wanting to lose something so special. I don't know if it makes a difference but she told me about everything the day she got word from her doctor of the gonorrhea ( I went in and got checked out, I am all clean).

I really needed to type that out, and advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for your time.

Summary:
We actually did not talk for a few days, the first time during the course of our relationship.
School got out one week later and she spent most of December in the city I live in, and we have been having an absolutely amazing time.
This whole time, from the middle of October to the end of November we had been doing GF/BF stuff, saying I love you and having unprotected sex.
She has said that she is willing to wait months if that is how long it takes me to work through this.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
