Original Response:
I met him right about 3 years ago in the beginning of summer. At the time I was in a very dark place in life, recently widowed (cancer) and having to acknowledge that after rehab #4 my daughter (who I had as a teenager and now early 20s) was relapsing again and it was time to let go and stop spending my life trying to fix someone who refused to be fixed. 

I knew I wanted a relationship again someday because I am very much a relationship person and I need a partner. But when I met him there was no one else around to date and I thought it would just be fun to have a summer fling with a younger man. I knew full well from day 1 that he was not relationship material. He and his 2 best friends since early childhood have all sworn to themselves and each other to never marry. He made it very clear from the start that he would not every marry or even cohabitate with a woman. He also would not ever again tell a woman that he loved her. He had only one serious relationship before me and said he regretted getting into “I love you” and was never going down that road again.  

We weren’t super specific but had a sort of agreement that this was a summer thing and when school started in September either it was over or turned to very casual dating, like once or twice a month so that he could focus on studying and presumably we both would start seeing people our own age as well. But things got very intense between us over the summer and the night before the Fall term began, rather than breaking up he told me he loved me. 

There have been a lot of good times and also some very rocky periods but at this point I’m miserable about him too much. I want a commitment. I want to think we have a future together. When he talks about the future, he speaks only of possible business ventures with his 2 BFFs, Greg and Jeremy, and of possible ways to help his Aunt Becky (who raised him and though he doesn’t call her “mom” she is his mom for all intents and purposes.) He has a bad temper that he usually keeps under good control with me but if I bring up wanting to live together at some future point he starts to lose it. It’s ridiculous to me that he won’t consider it. We’re neither of us well off and likely won’t ever be but he sleeps over here a couple nights a week and I sleep over at his place a couple nights a week so it makes total sense to me to just consolidate at some point. One reason we can’t possibly right now is he lives with his aunt still and without the rent he pays her she would lose her house. Also she has a lot of health problems so he has to do a lot of stuff for her. I admire his devotion to her, really. It’s one of his more endearing qualities. But there is talk of her moving in a few years to a retirement community with her best friend and when he talks of that time coming it’s always something to the effect of moving in with Greg somewhere.

I could list out his good qualities but this is going to be long enough already so trust me when I say he has them. However, this inability to commit is endlessly irritating to me. Also he doesn’t enjoy the outdoorsy activities that I do and he is much more of homebody than me and I kind of have to drag him out for dates or activities once in a while. These usually have to be spontaneous because he won’t even commit to a date one week in the future for various reasons most of the time. He does not buy me gifts for any occasion because he thinks all holidays and getting sentimental about birthdays and stuff is stupid and just made up by our bla bla bla society to suck money out of people. He brings over a bottle of wine or seeds for flowers to plant in my garden just because once in a while but as long as I’m with him I can forget about ever getting a Valentine or birthday card from my man. 

Here’s the incident that triggered me writing this all down. It’s a silly thing but to me it is symbolic of our relationship. With all the talk of powerball lately we were talking about lottery winners and stuff and naturally the conversation turned to what we would do if we won a big payday. He said “the first thing I would do is call Greg and say ‘don’t go to work. You never have to work again.’ Then I would call Jeremy and say the same thing.” He went on to list a few things he would buy then made a tasteless joke about getting a job at McDonald’s so he could pick up skanks. He and I both have tasteless senses of humor so this joke would be allowed usually, but in this context, he’s fantasizing about a lottery win and I am nowhere in the fucking picture. I got quiet after that and he kept asking what’s wrong. When I told him that his scenario he spun depressed me he got angry and threatened to leave. I told him I can’t help what I’m feeling and if he didn’t want to know he shouldn’t have asked. He kind of sighed, “you know I love you,” put his arm back around me (we were sitting on the couch and he had pulled away when I told him what was wrong), and that was that though there was a sense of mutual irritation the rest of the evening and into this morning. 

I know if I were reading someone’s similar story on this sub I would comment with an unequivocal “DTMFA.” But I am in love with this man and I am terrified of being alone. There are very few straight single men near my age in this town. And part of me thinks I should somehow stop thinking about wanting to commit and enjoy the good luck I’ve had in finding someone at all. I’m old. I’m not pretty. My career was a flop and now I’m barely getting by at an hourly job. I’m kind and loving and more or less book smart but those are pretty much my only good qualities toward a relationship. And he does put up with my eccentricities. If anyone has any thoughts I would appreciate it. 


Thanks for reading this really long story either way.

tl;dr: I want a commitment and he doesn't. I should end it and move on but I'm a huge coward.

Summary:
I want to think we have a future together.
He also would not ever again tell a woman that he loved her.
tl;dr: I want a commitment and he doesn't.
He said “the first thing I would do is call Greg and say ‘don’t go to work.
It’s one of his more endearing qualities.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
