Original Response:
Throwaway account.

I'm mid thirties, so is she.

I was married once before, she has been married twice and has three kids.  I have no kids. 

We met 1.5 years ago, moved in about a year ago and got engaged.  

Relationship has always been... rocky.  Started off with her having a couple of freakouts, where because of some issues in her past she would get into these horrible depressions and end up getting drunk and doing something horrible.  In one case it was to shamelessly flirt with another guy while I was standing right behind her, telling her to stop it.

Things calmed down a bit and for a while everything was good.  Last summer we had some more issues, this time related to money.  She felt I wasn't contributing my fair share to the household finances.  In reality, she gets child support from the father of her kids, and makes good money herself, and I was giving her what I felt was far more than a fair chunk of change each month.  We fought alot about that and other smaller issues, to the point where one day I packed up my things and left for a day.

That whole day and night I was gone, we kept texting each other and ended up deciding to get back together.  I should also mention at this point that trust has always been a big issue with her... as in her not trusting me, and as in her not being trustworthy either.

She has had some minor transgressions that I'm aware of... emails to certain guys that she lied about, phone calls that she tried to keep secret from me, etc.  I was never a big snooper, but any time I did even a minor amount of snooping, I always found something that upset me.  I don't know for a fact that she ever cheated on me, but I think so.  To put a ribbon on all of that, for whatever reason she never trusted me at all.  And any time I ever really tried to get to the bottom of why she didn't trust me, all she could come up with was that I had secretly been chewing tobacco for a while and she eventually caught me red handed.

Fast forward to new years eve, we'd been fighting for a couple of days.  We had plans to go to a party at a friends house, but at the last minute she changed her mind and decided to have it at our house.  (She didn't ask me first, she just canceled our other plans and decided we'd have a party at our house.)  So she went out and bought a bunch of food and drinks and crap, invited a bunch of people over and there we were.  She cold shouldered me all night, to the point where people were asking me if everything was ok.  At midnight she was nowhere near me, so I tracked her down and gave her a little kiss, which she barely acknowledged.  A few minutes later we were on the patio and she was furiously typing into her phone, while I stared daggers at her.  She looked up and said what's wrong? And I said who the hell are you texting at midnight, I'm here and all your friends and family are here?  She said oh I'm saying happy new years on facebook.  I said so saying happy new years to your facebook friends is more important than saying it to me?  Huge fight starts once again, and by the next morning she had basically said she wanted to break up.  Monday I went to work, we were still fighting over text, and I told her that I was coming home to pack up and leave.  I got home and asked her one last time if there was any chance in her mind that we could fix things... she said no.  So I packed and left.

Then yesterday, I've been gone 2 days and I'm staying at a friends' house.  He tells me that I should log onto Plenty of Fish and create a profile, the best cure for heartache, he said, is to find someone new and get a rebound out of the way.  I'm in no way shape or form ready to move on like that, but I decide what the hell, so I go on and fill out a little profile and browsed around for about five minutes, before crippling depression sets in as I realize that I'm looking at profile after profile of girls who aren't half as pretty as my fiance.

Then just today she's texting me, tells me she's heartbroken.  Why? I ask.  Because she saw my Plenty of Fish profile.  I started to explain myself a little bit, felt horrible, tried to tell her I was really just kind of lost and tumbling through space.  She's not hearing it, tells me she hates me for this and now it's definitely over.  

Then a thought occurs to me... how did she see this profile??  You have to be a member to see other members.  So I text her and ask, and she says oh, a friend of mine saw it and emailed it to me.  I didn't really believe her, but it's technically possible and I had no proof either way.  But then it was bugging me, so I did some digging around and found out that she had built herself a profile on there too.  LAST SUMMER.  So I texted her and said what the hell, and she said oh I just went on there on that night you left me last summer, but I haven't touched it since then.

I was hurt, but I basically sent her an email and said hey, I don't hate you, I guess we both did the same thing, how upset can either one of us be at the other.  She is still very very mad at me and is still trying to hide behind silly technicalities... to the point where we were having a phone conversation and she was making such asinine points that I told her listen, we're not having an honest conversation, I'm done talking to you until you're ready to be straight with me.

Not sure if I'm venting or asking a question... The thing is, I still love her.  I really, really love her and it rips my heart out to think about breaking up with her.  Even after all the crap she's put me through.  I'm not a kid, I've been through the ringer with relationships before, and I'm not the type to get swept away by silly sentimental things.  I just love her and I think I always will.  

So, do I just stay away and leave it at that?  Do I try to call her up and work it out somehow?  If she calls, do I pick up the phone?  On a scale of 1 to 10, how stupid would I be for getting back into this?

Help.

Summary:
So I packed and left.
And I said who the hell are you texting at midnight, I'm here and all your friends and family are here?
She said oh I'm saying happy new years on facebook.
I just love her and I think I always will.
The thing is, I still love her.
So I text her and ask, and she says oh, a friend of mine saw it and emailed it to me.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
