Original Response:
So i need some fresh perspective on my on/off relationship. I've been with my SO for two years and I'm 20 (f) and he's 21 (m) 

As far as the background, I knew him for only a few months before we started dating, but I was instantly attracted to him. I was actually in a long term relationship at the time though so instead of letting anything happen, we just became fast friends. And when things went south with my ex, he was the one who was there to hold me. I was blown away by how romantic he was, there were times where I'd tell him I was upset and he would walk a mile from his house to mine, just to bring me a rose or spend time holding me. I was still attracted to him, and our mutual friends kept telling me he was interested in me,so I made the mistake of making him a rebound.

I say it was a mistake, because though at the time, the relationship was fun and lighthearted, I was still very much in love with my ex and I know it was extremely unfair of me to do this to my SO. And later on, this would cause small, yet noticeable issues. 

Anyway, for the first year,everything was great. We fought very little and always had a good time together, id hang out with his friends and vice versa, while still maintaining a healthy amount of time apart. In time, I fell completely in love with his wit and charm, even more in love that I had been before. We had a strangely mature and caring relationship for high school sweethearts.

And then the summer after we graduated high school, everything changed. I moved out of my parents house and into an apartment. At this point, we'd only been together about six months, but being young and a bit naive, I asked my SO to move in with me. It took a bit if convincing, his parents were slightly against it, but I wasn't going to make him pay rent, so eventually, they caved. 
It was about this time that I began struggling with some big jealousy issues. My SO is, and always has been, a bit of a flirt. I don't think its entirely intentional, he's more comfortable having girl friends than guys. Anyway, within the first few months living together, I let my jealousy get the best of me and the relationship. We fought nightly and around the nine month mark in our relationship, we called it quits. We both were pretty devastated, but stayed away from each other for about a month.

I don't remember what caused us to get back together that time, but we did and he moved back in. I got over my jealousy and even became pretty good friends with the girl I had been jealous over. And for a few months, things were better than before. But just after our first anniversary, I could tell something was off. We began fighting again and broke up again because he needed space.

And if things weren't distressing  enough, my little brother went missing. My SO was one of the first step up and offer support, he drove around for hours looking for him and spent time with me and my family, just making dinner for us and making us feel normal in the face of this huge, insane disaster. So naturally, I took him back.

From then on out, we've had this crazy, tumultuous relationship. I can't recall how many other times we split or why, but it was almost a bi-monthly on/off relationship. Most recently, we broke up for what was supposed to be the last time and we managed to actually stay apart for about three months. Which sounds unremarkable, but for us, it was some sort of accomplishment. I feel confident enough in my trust for him to say that we love each other, we both see a future still, and we sincerely want to make things work. So far we've been back together for about a week and I'm scared of being hurt again. 

There's several aspects of reviving the relationship that make me uncomfortable. For one, when we were apart, he ended up having sex with three girls, one of whom he remains friends with. On the other hand, i had sex with a really good friend of mine so I really don't have the right to judge, but still.. it bothers me. Another thing that throws me off is the way we got back together. We had been fighting over texts and he suddenly just snapped and told me that he made a website that fully detailed why he broke up with me. I looked it up and it was just so hard to read, in short, it simply said that he still loved me. We ended up meeting at a party and hooking up. In the morning he told me that he still loved me, and confirmed everything the website had already told me. Gradually, we just sort of started seeing each other again until he asked me to officially be his gf again. But the most troubling thing to me, is that he refuses to spend any time with my friends. He says we shouldnt share friends. I don't know, maybe I'm overreacting, but it just doesn't feel.... Healthy. But I really don't want to give up the relationship. I really am in love with him and I know he feels the same. I just don't understand if we love each other, why can't we make this work? And will things ever get easier or is it a lost cause for us?

I'm sorry this was so long. My friends and family are sick of listening to this story and I know thinking of the negatives is only hurting my relationship. I just need some new advice. Sorry Reddit for any grammatical errors or lack of direction.

Summary:
I really am in love with him and I know he feels the same.
But I really don't want to give up the relationship.
And for a few months, things were better than before.
So naturally, I took him back.
I just don't understand if we love each other, why can't we make this work?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
