Original Response:
So my cousin and I have always been a lot more like sisters. She's even been more of a mentor for me the past few years. Always giving me advice, doing dinner, anything I could need really. She's even loaned me money before. I should mention we both live about an hour away from where we grew up. We both moved here for college when we were younger.

She has been married about ten years and the relationship was somewhat abusive and definitely emotionally lacking. My cousin has always fallen into a submissive role in all situations and is typically anti-social in the sense that she doesn't enjoy meeting new people. Her marriage mostly consisted of nights in, with her doing all the cooking, cleaning, and yardwork on top of a full time job. Husband was also working full time but refused to help out around the house, citing that it's the woman's job. Both of them would also consume large amounts of alcohol pretty much every night.

Now he's left her for another woman and she has been devastated. It escalated pretty quickly and divorce proceedings have already started. He has also already been living with this woman for a few months. Fortunately, I think my cousin does realize how unhealthy their marriage was and she has started going to counseling. My family and I are actually somewhat relieved that he has left. We know it's been an abusive situation and literally no one in my family liked this guy. He'd actually boycotted holidays with our family for the past few years so we didn't see much of him. I would go over there quite often though, as that was the only way I could hang out with my cousin as she wouldn't leave the house much. I saw firsthand in some situations how nasty he could be.

So when this first began my cousin and I threw around the idea of me moving in with her. Currently I have a roommate in an apartment. I've been wanting to move out for some time though. I think the place we're at is very overpriced. I have many bills on top of rent (thanks student loans). I'm almost always worried and thinking about money. I should mention I have a pet dog as well (so does my cousin). Now, she has offered to let me move in with her for a steal. And I would be in a home with a yard, no lease, no deposits. This would help me greatly. I also think it would help her as she wouldn't get lonely. And I guess it would help her in a small way financially. Husband is paying her bills until things are completely figured out (as he has always done being the breadwinner). Of course since she's keeping the home she will be responsible for everything at some point and could probably use a roommate in a financial sense.

The problem: since this began my cousin has been almost needy with me. She wants to hang out 24/7, whenever we're both not working. We've gone out some which is fun and I'm certainly not used to her going out and having a good time so I'm happy for her. All the other times she wants me to go to hers. I could see if we lived together and there was an expectation that we'd also hang out 24/7 I might go a little crazy. And really, as her therapist suggested, she needs to focus on meeting new people in general and make friends. Something I'd honestly like to do for myself too.

Also, our dogs have never been around each other (hers was never socialized). So who knows how they will interact. We've been planning on introducing them, which hopefully happens soon. My lease is up at the end of the summer.

She also has been drinking quite a bit which is pretty normal for her but she was supposed to make an attempt at quitting. It seems this has completely gone out the window. I myself enjoy drinking occasionally but I do not want to get sucked into her world of drinking every single night. For the record, she doesn't act out or get crazy drunk or anything. She just drinks a good amount, usually while relaxing at home.

Lastly, she's on the rebound. Which I think is partially contributing to the fact that she now won't quit drinking. She has started up a situationship of sorts with a new guy. He drinks more heavily than her and gets rowdy and is somewhat immature. She recognizes it's not a great situation and has claimed to be done with it many times to no avail. Now, my concern is if I move in with her and the divorce is finalized is she going to be jumping into this full force? I would not be happy if he was at the house 24/7 or worse he moved in. I think it's safe to say she's in a somewhat desperate position and I can see her jumping right into another bad thing. On the plus side I can move out whenever I wanted to if needed.

And on one last kinda random note, I think I'm definitely going to ask her to change the locks after the divorce is finalized. Right now, the husband is still in/out checking on their dog when she is at work. If I moved in there really wouldn't be a reason for this and I would not be comfortable with him in/out whenever. Of course, he may be paying the bills for quite some time so I'm not sure how to broach that. 

I just don't know what to do. Of course there would be ground rules for both of us if we lived together. But at the end of the day it is her home and I'm the outsider. I could definitely use the time to save the money though. Any ideas or thoughts?

Tldr; cousin going through a divorce/rough patch wants me to move in at the end of summer when my lease is up. Would be great for me financially, but maybe not mentally as cousin is on the rebound and constantly drinking and wanting to go out.

Summary:
I also think it would help her as she wouldn't get lonely.
All the other times she wants me to go to hers.
She wants to hang out 24/7, whenever we're both not working.
I would not be happy if he was at the house 24/7 or worse he moved in.
I've been wanting to move out for some time though.
I could definitely use the time to save the money though.
I just don't know what to do.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
