Original Response:
My husband and I have been having problems for about a year. We've been married for 6 years and I would describe the first 5 years as happy. To keep a long story not as long, on the surface the main issues were that he wanted to go out and get drunk far more often than I would prefer (3-5 nights per week) and I was feeling lonely and neglected. We also have mismatched libidos and our sexlife is not as satisfying for him as he would prefer. I felt really bad about myself and blamed myself for not being a good enough partner and that's why he didn't want to spend time with me. I tried working on myself first but ultimately decided that this wasn't a problem I could fix on my own.


Last summer I confronted him about it; I told him I was unhappy and wasn't getting what I needed out of the relationship. We came up with some guidelines for how often he would go out (2-3 nights a week) and I asked him to put our marriage higher up on his priorities. I never wanted him to stop going out or hanging out with his friends, I was just asking for more moderation and more attention to our relationship. 


Things got better for a while. We decided to start trying for a baby when we turned 30. This was the plan all along. I was hesitant after the summer we had but I was optimistic about our progress. We got pregnant right away and I'm 7.5 months pregnant now.


We backslid a little during the fall. I felt sick constantly for a couple months and we weren't having sex, so that might have contributed to it. One week he went out every night Mon-Thurs. He was leaving on Sat for a week-long Vegas trip (half pleasure, half business) so I expected he would want to spent some time with me before he left. He went out Friday night. All the feelings from the summer came rushing back. He apologized and said he shouldn't have gone out and he wouldn't do it again. We got over it. This happened a few more times since then; I would ask him to be home a certain night and then his friends would invite him out drinking and he wasn't willing to say no to them.


In December I caught him lying to me. He found a loophole. I never counted him working late as a night he was going out. Working late was just part of the deal sometimes. Turns out he was telling me he was working late but he was actually going out drinking. I didn't confront him about it the first time. I knew he was lying because he didn't want to upset me so I blamed myself for being too hard on him. I tried to be less judgmental about him going out. 


I caught more lies in late Jan/early Feb and confronted him. At first he wouldn't admit to the lying (I didn't tell him how I knew). Eventually he confessed and said he lied because he didn't want me to know how much he was drinking. I felt like he was deflecting. We came up with more plans for how to fix things. 


Things got marginally better but I was feeling very insecure about our relationship and paranoid about what he was really doing when he was out. I convinced myself that he was cheating on me but I didn't have any proof. I started snooping. 


He keeps his phone with him at all times and I don't know the password to his phone or laptop. However, I found something on the iPad that we share. It was a list of rules for a "friends with benefits" relationship and there was a phone number at the bottom. I confronted him with it and this is his story...


&gt;Last summer he was out drinking with some former co-workers including a woman I will call Cassie. Apparently Cassie tried to kiss him and he turned her down. She suggested starting a sexual relationship and told him to look up "friends with benefits" rules and let her know. He entertained the idea and made the list of rules but ultimately decided not to go through with it. This is probably irrelevant but Cassie knew he was married, we have met. 


Assuming he is telling the truth and he never physically cheated, I am still incredibly hurt that he entertained the idea. To me, that's like he entertained the idea of throwing our marriage away. I also think that knowing that someone else wanted to have sex with him increased his desire to go out, get drunk, and act like he's single. 


We've talked about it all day and some more information has come out. 

* He has tried cocaine 5-6 times.
* When he gets drunk he often gets blackout drunk and doesn't remember everything.
* He bought a second cell phone to help hide his activities. He says he ended up losing the cell phone within a few days when he was drunk.
* He has spent way too much money on alcohol, drugs, and strip clubs (bachelor party). He is one of the oldest in his coworker/friend group so he often offers to pay for drinks and meals for his friends. 


I think the problems started when he started a new job at the beginning of last summer. He was making a lot more money and he was trying to make new friends at work while maintaining old friendships with former coworkers. Most of his new coworkers were young, single, heavy drinkers. He wanted them to like him and he had trouble ever saying no to them. They were always egging each other on to drink more. 


He has also said that he was trying to get it all out of his system before the baby was born and that he planned to stop when the baby was born. This has made me incredibly angry because I've needed his support during this pregnancy. 


He seems more remorseful than he's ever been and swears that the behavior is going to stop completely. He says he's not going to go out anymore, he will never do cocaine again, he will start watching his spending. He said he won't talk to Cassie again and unfriended her on social media. He is researching marriage counselors. He says he's ready to be a dad and husband again. 


So here are my questions:

* Is this a mid/third life crisis?
* Am I a fool for considering believing that he never cheated on me?
* The person he's been for the past year is a stranger. He says he wants to be like his old self again, but is this stranger going to show up again in 10-15 years??


TL;DR: Husband's time spent away from me and excessive drinking have left me feeling neglected and insecure. He entertained the idea of cheating on me. He has been doing cocaine and has gone to great lengths to hide his activities from me.

Summary:
I didn't confront him about it the first time.
He entertained the idea of cheating on me.
I never counted him working late as a night he was going out.
* He has tried cocaine 5-6 times.
He wanted them to like him and he had trouble ever saying no to them.
I tried to be less judgmental about him going out.
I felt like he was deflecting.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
