Original Response:
This is long, and I apologize. If you read all the way through, thank you! (There is a TD;LR at the end)

For simplicity's sake, I'll call my boyfriend A.

A and I go to college together. We met early in our freshman year, and got along well. He had recently been dumped by his former 3-year girlfriend. I had recently dumped a difficult boyfriend (Who would habitually threaten me and others). His ex-girlfriend broke up with him because he didn't "have enough time for her."  His feelings for her had dwindled for a while, but he never ended it because he didn't want to be alone and didn't want the change. 
I was not interested in a relationship with anyone at that point.

Off and on I would wonder whether A was interested in me, but he is very close-mouthed about his feelings, even now. Eventually it became clear we were both interested in each other, and we slept together periodically. We made it clear that neither of us were interested in anything serious at the moment. We stayed like this for a while. We were good friends, and we shared many interests. During that time, I had two one-time encounters with other men. I told A about both, because STD's are serious business and I don't think it's wise to withhold information about sexual encounters even if condoms are used.

About six months later, it became clear that A was not interested in anyone else, and was yearning for a relationship. I was becoming emotionally attached to him as well, and I asked him if he'd like to date. He agreed. Sex was fine, we'd do work together and talk about casual things, and we've met each other's families. My parents think he's nice, but very subdued.

And he is very nice. And his quiet, wry sense of humor matches mine. But he is very, very subdued. He does not share his feelings. He does not express anger (A welcome change from my ex boyfriend), but he also does not particularly express affection. These are fine things, but I have encouraged him to let me know how he's feeling and if anything bothers him. At the time, that bothered me. I felt we should be "closer." One time, seeing our relationship wasn't particularly substantial, I offered that we could go back to our casual "thing." He seemed upset by that.

We had a couple long talks about expression of affection. Neither of us are big on showy displays of "love" all the time. It feels forced and contrived. We have been officially together for three months, and seeing each other for about eight, and we don't feel the need to break out the L word. We're both happy to be on our own, going about our own business.

Now, we've been on summer break for about a month. This is the longest time we've spent without seeing each other. We haven't even had a full conversation since school ended. A couple texts here and there. He has work and music lessons, and I have summer classes. We have free time, but haven't made any plans and we don't feel the need to talk. If I don't contact him, he doesn't initiate a conversation. And if he doesn't contact me, I'm easily able to forget and I just go about my day (or week). We're both very passive.

But that's starting to be a problem. Because it seems that neither of us really care. Sure, if the other person shoots us a text we'll respond sometime. But we haven't had a conversation, and I don't miss him. And he might not miss me. But honestly, that doesn't bother me. We're just sort of going through the motions. Perhaps we're just accustomed to living in close proximity in dorms, and now it seems too much of an effort to be in contact. When we would have "day outings," just the two of us during the school year, it felt somewhat stilted.

It would be a rather significant change if we stopped seeing each other and ended on bad terms. We are living on the same dorm floor next year, with a mutual group of friends. Sure, there are other people we can spend time with. But I'd much rather avoid the awkwardness and tension of "ex-is-in-the-room-and-everyone-thinks-it-should-be-a-big-deal."

I'd be happy to go back to what we used to be. Enjoying each other's company and discussing our mutual habits and perhaps sleeping together once in a while. Or just hanging out. I don't feel comfortable sharing big things with him, and he doesn't like to share emotion to begin with. It's not that he's closed-off and standoffish, but more that he doesn't see the logic in splashing his feelings around. He isn't shy, he is just a very neat and sensible person. But I am not too fond of being tied to someone who I don't seem to have a very strong relationship with. I don't see the sense in that. It feels as though I have the imaginary responsibility of being "girlfriend," but there isn't really a particular relationship there. We like each other fine, but there isn't a deep connection.

I don't feel like someone in the dramatic throes of a dwindling relationship. I'd like to see other people casually, and go back to the simplicity of friendship with A. Being "in a relationship" feels strange somehow, and kind of pointless. But am I just not seeing clearly?  Perhaps I should be putting more effort in the relationship, and that's why it's failing.  I shouldn't throw away something perfectly good, should I? 

Thoughts, reddit?
Should it end? Or is this just a normal, healthy relationship that I'm just throwing away because I'm bored?

TL;DR - Relationship seems to be going nowhere, and neither of us seem terribly attached to the whole thing. We like each other fine, but I feel as though we're just together because it's too much effort to break up and transition back into friendship and he might be afraid of being alone.

Summary:
I don't see the sense in that.
He does not share his feelings.
A and I go to college together.
But am I just not seeing clearly?
But we haven't had a conversation, and I don't miss him.
I was not interested in a relationship with anyone at that point.
I don't feel like someone in the dramatic throes of a dwindling relationship.
We stayed like this for a while.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
