Original Response:
As stated in the title, I'm 24 and she's 26. This is my first relationship, but she has had a few before. She's also the one who popped my cherry. It all started out as a long-distance relationship, but after about a year of that, she moved to the same city and a few months later we moved in together. Now we've been in a relationship 3 years, living together for little over a year and half and engaged for a year and a half.

This is where shit gets real. Way back when we were still in a long-distance relationship I found out by accident that she was still in contact with one of her exes. Wanted to check out what time it was, grabbed her phone and after turning on the screen was greeted to a sexually charged text message from that guy. Well, needless to say I didn't bring this up immediately, but rather made some bullshit excuse to get back home the same day even though I was suppsed to stay for another two nights.

Time passed and I kept going over and over that message in my head, it was killing me. I thought she was obviously cheating on me, why else would she be receiving messages like that? At this point I didn't know that the guy in question was an ex-boyfriend, so naturally I just thought he was some other guy on the side. We kept up with the long-distance relationship thing and one time while I was at her place, I made a bad, bad move. While she was in the shower, I read through some of the text messages on her phone(both sent and received, to get perspective). She had some sex-themed messages received from yet another guy, but those were not recent. This first guy however had kept up with his advances. Yet again, I said nothing. Afterwards looking back at it I realise how stupid I was for not talking about it with her back then, but y'know.

Skipping ahead about 4 months or so, she was starting to seriously consider moving closer to me. She was visiting me this time, and I decided it was time to say something. I told her that I knew about this other guy and questioned what was going on. Tried to do it as non-judgementally as possible and also acknowledging that what I did with the text-snooping was shitty beyond belief. She wasn't that mad at me, although she did say it would be harder for her to trust me after that. The guy that was texting her was indeed an ex-boyfriend who still had the hots for her and was quite desperately trying to rekindle a fire that never even existed as far as she was concerned. We both apologized, made up and she said she wouldn't be in contact with him again.

Let's skip ahead another few months. She has moved into the same city with me, but we're still living separately. I go away on a business meeting and tell her she can stay at my place, as that's been the case. She rarely spent any time at her apartment and it basically just acted as a storage unit for all her stuff. Anyway, I'm away for a night and come back home with gifts. She seems a bit distant, but I don't make much of it at first. Then she almost immediately goes into the shower, my jealousy/suspicion gets the most of me and I check her phone. She's been texting the ex again, being quite cockteasy to him about "being all alone" and whatnot. Inside, I'm boiling furious, but I don't say anything(why do I keep repeating this same mistake?).

Skip ahead a few months more, we've been living together for a few months and I ask her to marry me, we get engaged. All that jealousy and stuff has been constantly in the back of my head, making me miserable and crazy. Then, two weeks after I popped the question I decide to confront her again. Again, I acknowledge that what I did was wrong, but that she needs to tell me if she's serious or not and that if she is, I'm not cool with her flirting with other guys. We both cry, she says she's sorry, we somewhat make up. The process takes about two or three days, but it ends with us both happy. She sent the guy a long text saying that he should not contact her again and she removes his number from her phone. I regain some of my trust.

After that there have been no new developments on that front. I have not felt the urge to be a dick and violate her privacy for the 3rd time. I trust that she hasn't been cheating on me, and I'm pretty sure of this since we live a pretty hermit-like life as we both have very few friends in this world, and close to 0 in the city we currently live in. Life has been, well, better. I can't say good, because there have been occasional fights and things/doubts from the past have been brought up.

I recently went back to school(she's also studying but works on the side), and she was a big part of that. She encouraged me to get a vocation I actually want. Again, let's skip ahead to a week or so ago. She says we should get married this summer. I okay the idea, but we don't go into wedding mode. Neither of us want a big ceremony, just get the thing official and maybe celebrate with a few close relatives.
The marriage pops into conversation every now and then and last night I flat out ask her *when* would she like to get married. She starts thinking, goes all quiet-like. We talk about stuff like the future and whatnot for an hour or so, she comes to the conclusion that she doesn't want to get married at this point and that maybe we shouldn't get married at all.

We had had a pretty weighty discussion about three weeks before that. I thought we had closed the case on it after we got done talking, but she apparently took it with her without notifying me. The discussion circled around the topics of "we don't seem to have much in common", "don't know if this is going to last", "we don't do anything together", etc.

I love the woman, I can't really imagine my life without her. I've told her that on numerous occasions. We have good day-to-day life, in my opinion. She hasn't complained either and is happy 98% of the time. We laugh, we talk about stuff, we cook, etc. But I think the past keeps haunting us, or atleast me. After her 180 degree turn last night with the marriage(which she proposed, mind you), I kinda got a nagging feeling in the back of my head now that this is all going downhill now. If she doesn't feel like she can get married to me, that isn't exactly a big vote of confidence on the state of our relationship in general, IMO.

TL;DR: Relatively young relationship with a troubled past, she wanted to get married but after a couple of days rescinded that offer, saying she had doubts. 

Please, redditors, I'd like to hear your comments and thoughts about our situation. Am I just seeing things? If you want additional info, I'd be happy to expand upon the story. This is the first time I've ever discussed this topic outside our relationship, so the writing in itself has been quite therapeutic. Also, first post ever on reddit.

Edit: Just now realised this should probably have been submitted to ihaveissues. If so, I apologize. Reddit's still pretty new to me.

Update: Well, we talked. There were a lot of long uncomfortable pauses, but the basic message I got was that she is scared that I would leave her at some point. Apparently she thinks I would get fed up with her imaginary bs and leave. I'm a bit surprised and not really sure what to do or say. We kinda left the conversation hang again. I suggested the letter writing thing to her, but she didn't seem too receptive to the idea.

Summary:
She says we should get married this summer.
This is my first relationship, but she has had a few before.
She encouraged me to get a vocation I actually want.
I regain some of my trust.
She seems a bit distant, but I don't make much of it at first.
Time passed and I kept going over and over that message in my head, it was killing me.
She has moved into the same city with me, but we're still living separately.
She had some sex-themed messages received from yet another guy, but those were not recent.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
