Original Response:
I have been with my boyfriend/fiancee for 2 years. We met my senior and his junior year in high school. We both worked at a grocery store, and saw each other often. When we first met, we were both in other relationships, but knew the second we started talking that we were supposed to be great friends...if not more. So, to make this part of the story short, there was some overlap with A and N (who was my boyfriend at the time, off in Europe traveling) and some back and forth while I tried to get out of the relationship I was in at the time of meeting A, and he broke things off with his estranged girlfriend immediately. Both of our relationships were going downhill, and we literally fell for each other at first sight, so it's not like we were leaving perfectly healthy relationships. Also, I worked with my boyfriend N, who really had no idea I had met A and was planning on seeing him. 

The point of that story was to inform you, the reader, that I tend to do this often. "This" being the fact that I let my love life into the workplace, and usually date people with whom I work. That's how I met N, and A. 

That was almost 3 years ago. I now work at a small family restaurant in a smallish town as a server. I started there awhile ago planning to work there during the summer when I was home from college (I go to Temple, in Philadelphia). Summer went perfectly fine at work, though there was some trouble in my relationship with A. I think it was the heat. But really, for whatever reason, whether it be we just spent too much time together (he had moved out of his house due to family problems and was living in his friend's basement, therefore it was as if we had our own apartment where we spent a lot of our time) or work and planning for school was getting in the way of our happiness...whatever the case was, we were just not clicking. 

Long story short, we broke up a few months into this school year. It was incredibly messy and completely without closure. Other people got involved, friends chose sides...it was such a huge mess. We both agreed that we loved each other still, but that for whatever reason we needed to spend some time apart. It was during this time that I met T.

I had worked with T since I started serving. He has been there forever, since he was 16, I think. Okay, well, I shouldn't say I met him then, cause I obviously knew him. But this is about the time that I NOTICED him. In the heat of the bad breakup, I deleted my Facebook permanently (and yes, it was permanent. It is possible). So, when I reluctantly made a new page, I added people from work, including T. I'm not sure how it came up, but we ended up talking on FB chat that night, and that is when I can safely say I NOTICED T. He really just made me feel less sad. He made me laugh, we share a mutual love for reddit and Mario Kart, we can talk about work all day...he just made me happy when I thought I was going to be sad for a really long time. So the next day at work after our FB chat, he asked me out. It was pretty obvious we liked each other. And it spread around work in like, .5 seconds...

Regardless, I knew at the time that things with A were POSSIBLY not over. At the time, I was not speaking to him, we weren't friends on FB, no communication whatsoever. So I thought that I should be cautious, but T swept me off my feet. To this day I'm not sure it was because I really liked him or he was just showing me that I didn't have to be sad about my failed (so I thought) relationship. So in a way, I think I led T on. Not purposely, since I did genuinely have feelings for him, but I did know in the back of my head that if A wandered back into my life and I had to choose that I would go with A more or less no matter what.

But of course, when we got back to school (A and I go to the same college), he came to me, begging for one solid week to show me that he had come around, that he realized how wrong he was to let me go...basically he said all the right things to me, and I gave in. I mean, why not? No permanent damage was done to our relationship, we already spent so much time together, and he was my best friend. He was worth another shot.

So, that was bad news for T, but he understood and was super cool about it. Work wasn't awkward, and we still joked around and things like that. It was okay.

But for whatever reason, I never really got T out of my head. I thought to myself that he and I would really be a great fit...in another life. I don't really understand why, but I couldn't stop thinking about him. He was in my dreams almost every night.

So at this time I was still with A, but unsure if I wanted to be. To his knowledge, everything was fine...till I ended things again a few months later. I knew that unless I gave T a shot, I would never be content with A, or myself. So, that is what I told both guys, one being ecstatic, the other heartbroken. But I knew what I had to do. It was my spring break, so I was home, working again. T came to see me at work a few times, and of course my coworkers pushed me to see him. We did hang out one night, and it was fun, T has a really great family. I thought I was happy.

A crept into my life again, and I spent the second half of my spring break secretly seeing A, again both of us admitting we still loved each other and wanted to be together. I saw myself making the same mistake again by dragging innocent T into my love life...but was too afraid to break his heart again.

So I shamefully came back to school, A by my side, T none the wiser. T would text me every now and then, me never really responding. One day, he texted me and asked if something was going on with A and I. He said A was posting a lot of things on my wall lately, and was suspicious of me. I came clean.

I feel bad about this all...T is a great guy, and I really did think I liked him, but he was the easy way out of a hard relationship. It's easy to escape and go to someone else, but A is truly my best friend. I'm having a hard time trying to figure out what to do to mend (if I can) how I hurt T. I put in my two weeks at my serving job, so I will only see him twice more. I'm not sure what to do or say, or even if I should. I am ashamed that I did the same thing to him twice in only a few months. He has talked about how much he likes me to our mutual friends and tells them he's never felt about a girl the way he feels about me. It sucks.

TL;DR- I am dumb and led the same guy on twice.

(A and I are perfectly happy. We basically live together, we spend all of our time together, rarely fight unless stress-induced, and we are making plans for the future. The time apart was well spent, as we are clicking again and working out issues that are left over from the past. We're incredibly happy together and we thank *gasp* God everyday for how he has blessed us as a couple).

EDIT 1: I guess I just want to know how to fix this...The first time we talked it out and everything was understandably cool, but the second time...he was upset and didn't really talk to me. He kind of stopped texting/communicating all together.

EDIT 2: I am not a bad person. I was never physically involved with T. At all. No hand holding...nothing. I realize I led him on but we weren't really involved romantically at all...

Summary:
(A and I are perfectly happy.
But this is about the time that I NOTICED him.
But I knew what I had to do.
I thought I was happy.
That's how I met N, and A.
Regardless, I knew at the time that things with A were POSSIBLY not over.
It was my spring break, so I was home, working again.
But for whatever reason, I never really got T out of my head.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
