Original Response:
I don't really know if this is the right place to post this, but I'd really value some insight so here goes..

So yeah, little about the background: I'm the three years older sister, his only sibling, that's moved out from home already, and I'm starting to be really worried about my brother.. He's a sort of.. well not one of the most radiant personalities in general, and by that I mean he's a guy that is more on the sidelines and has been in some ways bullied and undermined by his friends before. I feel like there's been too many experiences where his friends don't respect him or his property so that it's become too much of a normal thing for him possibly.. I guess me moving out eventually and not being that close with my family and seeking some sort of independence from that surrounding has left him even more alone and possibly desperate with his relationships. Sadly, our relationship hasn't been such that we'd really hang out together or that friendly.. we're just siblings.. and our relationship is like.. "easy", neither one is involved with each others' business and we don't really talk about serious stuff. About this friend of his.. he's one of his oldest friends probably since our families were neighbors some years ago and they've been friends since.. They hang around pretty often I think, dunno much about the specifics, just that they've spent a lot of time with each other over the years. Relatively, at least..

About this recent event: He was out drinking with his friends on labor day's eve, which is well.. pretty customary here in our country. Apparently this friend has shown signs of aggression before when he's drunk, damaging a wall in some bar and other milder physical cues about it.. But yeah, this time, that guy had gotten so drunk that someone said that his girlfriend should be called there. My brother did so, and after she had arrived, my brother's friend had apparently started to become aggressive and grab my brother, trying to make him fall to the ground. Eventually, he succeeded, pushing my brother down forcefully and himself with it on top of my brother to add to it. He hit his head to something, I dunno if it was stairs or some metal fence.. something like that.

He got three pretty deep scratch wounds on his head, looks pretty gruesome. They didn't call an ambulance even though my brother was bleeding from his head, I'm not sure if they even properly offered to. My brother called our mom and they went to the E.R. They waited for 4 frigging hours before they saw a doctor.. so the wounds couldn't even be sown up at that point. And they got infected already... :(

But yeah, anyway.. my brother is just saying that it's no big deal, that it's normal, and if he said something about it they'd just turn it against him and call him stupid.. I feel so sad for him. I mean, I recognize those feelings, but they were in power for me when I was like 13-17 years old.. 
My mom is trying to get my brother to see a professional tomorrow and talk about it.. but my brother doesn't think it's all that big of a deal and that he doesn't need it.. He's saying that he wishes it would've been worse, because then he's actually have "a case" to complain about it, but now that "nothing happened", it's pointless to say anything or do anything about it.. 

My mom is thinking of calling that guys mom (we used to be neighbours), and my dad has already sent him a text message I guess, I have no idea what that included.. but my mom had a similar idea too.. I told them that they should let my brother handle it the way he wants to because they're both adults.. but yeah.. 

We're trying to tell him that it's not the right crowd for him when things like this happen.. and that he doesn't need friends who don't see the real situation and won't be on my brother's side.. but he won't take that seriously. The way he talks about it, it's clear that it's like some old trauma has a hold of him.. or I dunno, maybe they just actually treat him like shit.. but he's afraid that they'll just call him stupid, turn this against him, and isolate him.. 

I dunno if I managed to get my message through clear enough, but yeah.. I'm just hoping on some insight to how I could maybe change the situation for my brother, and make him realize that if people treat him like that, he doesn't need them.. my mother is worried about the lack of self worth my brother is radiating right now. The way he talked about his life and his future.. it seems veery dim to him (and very familiar in some ways because I have a history with mental health issues too and am currently in therapy). I'm very much concerned too. I haven't always been the nicest big sister, but he is of course a very important member of my family and my only brother.. 

Any insight on how to help my brother realize his self worth and maybe help him find better company? I've been thinking of including him in my circles more now, certainly.. but is there some good way to go about it? Is there some other stuff he, or my family should do? He doesn't seem to want to pursue any legal action with this or anything of the sort..

**TL;DR: My brother was pushed hard to the ground by his "buddy" and injured his head, but doesn't seem to think it's a big deal and doesn't seem to value himself or his life much either. What can I do to change that?**

Edit: to the title.. I'd like to change that it's not /supposed/ to be normal at least.. :(
Also, sorry about the huge wall of text..

Summary:
I feel so sad for him.
What can I do to change that?
My brother called our mom and they went to the E.R.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
