Original Response:
(I want to apologize for how long this is, but I feel it’s hard to give advice about this situation without details.)

Background:  
I've been dating my current girlfriend (we'll call her Anna) for nearly 4 years.  We're in our mid-twenties, and we've had a relatively stable relationship, although not always ideal.  Anna is a quiet tomboy, allergic to all things pink and girly.  She's a combat-boots-and-stout-beer kind of girl who likes to play video games (think Lisbeth Salander without the studded jackets, tattoos, or black lipstick).  After years of dating, she still won't say things like "I love you," and she gets philosophical on me when I ask her why (she usually says something like "the word 'love' is abused to the point of meaninglessness.")  

She's always had commitment issues, and she maintains a certain kind of emotional distance, although she's an emotionally distant person in general and it's hard to tell if that part is relationship-specific.  She's very pretty and guys fall for her easily, which makes life difficult for me, since I can be a bit jealous.  In fact, several of her exes are still hung up on her, and she still hangs out with them when they come to town, which I'm fine with since I've always trusted her.  For the 3 years that we weren't long-distance, our sex life was good, although I do feel like I initiated sex way more than she did, which I talked about with her on several occasions.

Last year, I had to leave our small hometown for work reasons, and she decided that she'd save up some money and move to where I am the following year.  I've been traveling back as much as I can, and she's moving out here in a little over a month.

I've known the friend in question (we'll call him Stephen) for years.  I helped him onto his feet when he was homeless and let him crash with me without rent for several months.  I introduced him to Anna, who eventually got her housemates to let him stay on their living room couch until he got his shit together.  You can see where this is going.  Fast forward one year, and he ends up getting a job and becoming roommates with Anna and her girlfriend, sharing a cramped, 1-bedroom apartment.  

Over the course of the last six months, Anna and Stephen hung out a lot after work, going to the bar with their mutual friends.  I never thought too much of it, since me, Stephen, and Anna went out for beers a lot when I was there.  I never felt threatened by Stephen and never picked up on anything weird going on between them.


What happened:

About a month ago, Anna admitted to me over the phone that she and Stephen drunkenly cuddled with each other on her bed three nights earlier.  With respect that what they did specifically, she told me that they caressed each tightly for about twenty minutes, after which she got off the bed and slept on the floor.  (For those of you who think she's lying and that they actually made out and/or fucked, I have corroborating evidence from a neutral third party who was staying at the apartment that they in fact did not.  Stephen's version of the story also backs this up.)

Anna told me that she felt shitty about the incident because: A. she recognizes that they "crossed a line" and stepped out of the boundaries of a strictly platonic friendship, and B. Stephen is my friend.  She told me she contemplated not telling me about it at all, since ultimately it was just a moment of drunken physical affection.  Nevertheless, she said she felt terrible about the whole thing and that telling me about it relieved some of her guilt.  Hearing this, I didn't know how to feel.  On the one hand, cuddling doesn't really constitute cheating in my book.  On the other, the fact that it happened at all meant something deeper was going on.

The next day, before I got a chance to talk to him directly, Anna told me that Stephen confessed to her that he loved her.  Now, I realize that a person can't control whether or not they fall in love.  If he had spoken with me man-to-man, I would have felt marginally better about this revelation, possibly even sympathetic.  But she went on to tell me that Stephen asked her whether or not she would prefer to be with him over me.  I asked her what she told him in response, and she said that she was very firm about her commitment to me.  According to her, Stephen told her that he "completely understood."

I feel betrayed, not only because I did a lot for Stephen over the years, but because he assumed this was all happening behind my back.  I imagine that in his ideal scenario, I would have just gotten a call from Anna telling me that we were done, and she'd decided to date him instead.  When I finally got a hold of him, he made no excuses, saying that he "fucked up" by getting physically intimate with my girlfriend and that trying to get her to leave me was a "shitty thing to do." I appreciated the honesty, but as you might imagine, we're no longer friends.

I told Anna that I felt uncomfortable with her hanging out with him, but that I didn't want to control her since she's an adult and can make her own decisions.  She told me that what happened "changes nothing" in her relationship with Stephen, since they've been good friends for a long time.  We argued about this for a while, but eventually, realizing that she wasn’t going to give an inch, I gave up.

As of now:

The two of them continue to occasionally get a drink together, although only in groups of friends, and they seem to be "back to normal," whatever that means. She followed up with him and asked if he felt like she ever led him on.  He definitively said "no."

Anna is moving here relatively soon.  She quit her job, and she intends to move thousands of miles to be with me.  I feel like that shows a lot of commitment for a chronic commitment-phobe, but this incident has left me spooked.  In the past, she's mentioned that she harbors some resentment about being "tied down," since she's been in steady, monogamous relationships for years on end.  I've asked her, based on that, whether or not she would ever consider an open relationship.  She always says no very definitively, saying that an open relationship would probably make her very guilty and confused.

At this point, I don't know what to think.  She's not a very transparent person, and it's hard to know how she feels, even after knowing her for almost six years.  I recently told her that I was afraid she might be sustaining our relationship out of comfort and convenience.  She got very defensive, saying that "the fact that I date you and no one else should tell you how I feel."

tl;dr
**My sometimes-emotionally-distant SO of 4 years, who I'm temporarily dating long-distance, got physically intimate with my friend after a night of drinking, although not enough to truly qualify as cheating.  My friendship with the guy is ruined, but the two of them still hang out and drink, despite my voicing concern about this.  She's moving here to be with me in a little over a month, and I don't know how to proceed.**

Summary:
I've been traveling back as much as I can, and she's moving out here in a little over a month.
She's moving here to be with me in a little over a month, and I don't know how to proceed.
Hearing this, I didn't know how to feel.
She followed up with him and asked if he felt like she ever led him on.
I asked her what she told him in response, and she said that she was very firm about her commitment to me.
I've known the friend in question (we'll call him Stephen) for years.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
