Original Response:
I (20M) have always felt that my father (50M) and I are two completely different people. We have different interests, different views, different senses of humor, and most of all different personalities. To be honest the traits that I get from my father are few and far between outside of the fact that physically I resemble his side of the family. Unfortunately though one of the biggest things that I get from him are anger management issues.

Both my dad and I allow too much anger to build up over time, and because of our inability healthily express our anger release it all at once in a hurricane of rage. I am very self conscious about my anger problems and really get down on myself whenever I blow up at other people. This has lead to me finding healthy outlets of channeling anger and to keep myself from bottling it all up to be let out all at once. Of course before I began to work on this issue I took my anger out on myself behind closed doors instead of towards others for all to see. My dad on the other hand only takes his anger out on others no matter what the consequences are for those that he does this to. While he has never been physically abusive whenever he decides to explode he becomes quite verbally abusive, and tends to resort to taking shots at people below the belt including me for my entire life. This caused me to lose respect for him and to challenge him every time that he would go off. Especially when it was towards my mom (53F) or my brother (17M). This of course put a massive strain on whatever relationship that we had.

I hoped that things would get better once I moved out to go to college in the fall of 2014. At first things between us improved, but once I became comfortable at school and returned home less and less things became unbearable again. While I only live three hours away from home at this point I only go home for holidays or when I absolutely have to. This is because every time that I return home things follow the same pattern. The first night that I am home he is the most loving father in the world, but for the rest of my time there he makes my life a living hell. He tells me how I am a stupid fuck up (an assumption made about me since he was a stupid fuck up at my age), and constantly makes fun of me for my career goals. On top of this he will not let me forget the fact that he thinks I am lazy and that he has to tell me how to live life all because I screwed up my first semester. Which of course I did. Bad. But that was nearly two years ago and since then I have turned things around. 

This would all be bearable though if it were not for the way that he treats my mom and my brother. I can deal with the fact that he treats me more like free labor that will give him money one day instead of as his son, but when he does the same to my brother or treats my mom as if she were dirt that didn't even have the right to be on his shoe, I become searing mad. This is the one time that I actually let my anger out on another person and not care about it afterwords. I haven't said too much that I regret (for financial reasons not because it hurts my conscience), but things have finally reached a head. 

Just a few weeks ago I went home for spring break. He was already on my bad side before I even got home because he was trying to make my brother feel like he need to "man up" and play baseball through a partial labral tear (something that he had done to me in high school which has left me in pain with some pretty bad chronic injuries). So I make the three hour drive home, nonstop, which took a lot out of me. Tired I came home to an empty house since the rest of the family was returning from a baseball game, so I went upstairs to my room to lay down for a minute. My dad was the first person home and I went downstairs to see him. The first face to face conversation that we have had in weeks starts like this.

"Hey son. It's nice to see you." Pauses. "It would be nice to be able to talk to you more, but I expect you to make the effort to call me. I shouldn't have to make that effort. That's all on you." Awkward silence.

So the first thing he says to me, before I have made as much of a noise, is, "I want to have a relationship with you, but I don't want to actually put in any effort. Instead I want you to just know when I want to talk to you and when the best moment for you to do so is and call me, because I am to lazy to pick up a phone and dial ten numbers." Needless to say I was stunned. Then I was mad. But I saved my breath, because I have numerous conversations with him about how we need to both call each other so that we can actually catch each other since we are both so busy at different times. Of course his stubbornness made it impossible to get the idea into his thick head, so at this moment I got an idea. It was a wonderful idea. It was an awful idea. It was a wonderfully awful idea, and simple at that. I won't talk to him unless he initiates the conversation.

For nearly a month now I have had absolutely zero contact with my father. Not a call. Not a text. Not an email. I haven't even asked for him when he is sitting right next to my mom while I talk to her and he knows who she is talking to, and to be honest I couldn't be happier. Hopefully this will make him realize what a tyrant he can be, when, after god knows how long, he finally calls me and I unload 20 years of baggage on him. In my mind I feel as it is what he deserves, because he has failed to realize, even after I spelled it out for him, that I am losing all interest in having any form of a relationship with him.

The only issue that I have with all of this is that I fear that I am being too harsh. I am afraid that in all of my rightfully earned rage that I have chosen a childish solution and that will end up having adverse effects for me instead of him. My mom has told me that she has my back of things go down and he threatens my ability to get and education, but I am afraid that she might turn in fear. I have thought about just calling him now and unloading, but I am afraid that this will come too much out of nowhere and won't hold as much weight as excommunication from my life will. I really just need some advice of the best approach and the best outlets to go to if things do go down. Any suggestions? 

TL;DR: My father has stated that he wants to have a relationship with me, but only if I do all of the work (when I don't want much to do with him in the first place). Because of this I have decided to cut off all communication with him until he initiates it or I finally see him face to face again. Am I in the wrong? Any suggestions?

Summary:
I shouldn't have to make that effort.
Which of course I did.
My dad was the first person home and I went downstairs to see him.
This is because every time that I return home things follow the same pattern.
"It would be nice to be able to talk to you more, but I expect you to make the effort to call me.
It's nice to see you."

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
