Original Response:
Hi everyone,

I’m a 22/F, and I’ve been dating a 21/M for the past 9 months.

Our relationship has been tumultuous the entire time we’ve been dating. During the first 4-5 months or so, he did a lot of things that I had trouble letting go of (it’s his first relationship). He would do things like say other girls were cuter than me, tell me that I’m not his “type”, talk about how he wanted to go and get to know a hot girl with “nice tits” who was in his class, hide that he was going to a concert with a girl that he liked for two years (and who he confessed he still liked) when I was sick, refer to me as “a bitch”, and lots lots more. 

Whenever I confronted him about anything or got angry at him for something, he would break up with me. I think he broke up with me at least once every few days, even at really inopportune times. One time, he screamed at me and broke up with me when I was really sick and throwing up and everything. Another time, he broke up with me a couple of hours before my biochem final. After a while, though, he got better about not saying/doing things that hurt my feelings, but I still struggled with forgiving him and he kept on breaking up with me. 

At around our 5-month mark, I was still having trouble forgiving him about things. This one time, I went all psycho-girlfriend pissed at him, and we ended up breaking up. When I asked him for forgiveness and another chance, he gave it to me, on the condition that I would let go of the past. 

I worked really, really hard to keep my promise. In the past four months, I think I’ve only mentioned the past once (w00t). Since I had kept my promise and was getting a lot better, I thought the relationship would stabilize. However, my boyfriend kept on breaking up with me. Before, I had thought that it was my fault that he screamed at me at the top of his lungs, I thought it was because of me that he threw things and punched stuff. It turned out that he has a really bad temper. 

For example, I made a surprise visit on Valentine ’s Day (we go to nearby but different colleges) to bring him a new backpack (because he had broken his earlier that day). We ended up getting Jimmy Johns for V-day dinner (lol), which I was fine with. Afterwards, we went to a grocery store to pick up some snacks. When I sarcastically said that I shouldn’t be paying for things because it was V-day (I know I should never have said that &gt;_&lt;), he exploded. He started yelling at me, saying that I’m spoiled and selfish and saying that if I didn’t want to pay for things, I should break up with him and date a rich guy, etcetc. I thought it would be better for him to cool down and for us to spend time apart, so when the car was stopped at a light, I unbuckled my seatbelt to get out of the car (there was no traffic). When I did that, he forced me to stay in the car by grabbing my hair really hard. Even after letting my hair go after a while, he kept on screaming at me for a couple of hours. And my scalp hurt like crap for the rest of the night…

In another instance, we were at a cultural show with two of my friends. During the show, I didn’t speak to him for around twenty minutes because I was watching the show and talking to my friends, which made him feel left out (completely my fault :-/). This made him furious, and he stormed out of the show. After the show, he yelled at me in front of my friends and strangers for a while.

Also, this one time, he was reaching for something and when his arm was coming down, he accidentally hit his elbow really hard on my eye. The previous day, he had made me bleed by accidentally punching me in the face while he was sleeping. I was hurt and kind of pissed, which I shouldn’t have been, but I asked him if he could try being a little more careful. He got really angry at this because it was all by accident and he didn’t want to say that he’d try to be more careful… so he ended up yelling at me in the library. 

Basically, he gets really angry at me for things that I think are kind of small. He has gotten better though.

Right now, I’m struggling a little bit because he gets angry at me if I try to talk to him about anything that’s serious or if I contradict him in any way, even if I do so gently. He’s gotten angry at me for telling him he should go to sleep earlier. He’s gotten angry at me because I tell him I’m a little worried because he’s been facebook stalking the same girls since the beginning of the relationship. He’s gotten angry because I tell him he shouldn’t skip his classes as much. He’s gotten angry at me for telling him that it hurts my feelings whenever he points out my physical flaws. I’ve just resorted to trying really hard never to tell him about my worries or concerns or say anything serious, unless I really, really have to, which obviously kind of sucks. He tells me that I should keep on telling him whenever something bothers or worries me and that he’ll try not to get angry, but I’ve basically stopped telling him anything because he still ends up screaming at me every time. It’s probably partially my fault too for worrying about stuff. 

On top of that, I’ve stopped hanging out with all of my guy friends. At the beginning of the relationship, I made the mistake of trying to stay friends with exes, which really bothered him. I ended up finally giving up and blocking people from my past (on chat, phone, and facebook) because my boyfriend got so pissed off whenever I talked to them. However, even though I basically erased everyone that I was previously involved with from my life, he was still bothered that I hang out with my platonic guy friends. He would say that he’s perfectly fine with me hanging out with them, but he would always always always yell at me about hanging out with guys whenever we got into an argument. Similar to how he tells me I should confide in him about stuff, he tells me that I can keep hanging out with guy friends; however, every time I try, he gets angry, so I’ve stopped talking to all of my guy friends. 

I’ve asked my girl and guy friends for advice. They simply tell me I deserve someone a lot better - nicer, smarter, better looking, etc... but I don't want any of those things. So I’ve tried my hardest not to bring up anything serious and I’ve stopped hanging out with my guy friends, but he still gets so angry at me at things that I’d never imagine would make him angry. He still screams at me and breaks up with me about once a week, and I just don’t know what to do anymore. At this point, I think I’m kind of terrified of my boyfriend, and I’m constantly afraid that he’ll be angry and scream and throw/punch things. All this being said, though, he gets angry only around once a week, so the rest of the week, when he's not angry, he's the sweetest, most considerate, funniest person I've ever been with. How can I make the relationship better and what do I need to do to not make him angry anymore?

TL;DR My boyfriend has anger management problems, and I don’t know what to do.

Summary:
Basically, he gets really angry at me for things that I think are kind of small.
He has gotten better though.
Whenever I confronted him about anything or got angry at him for something, he would break up with me.
He’s gotten angry at me for telling him he should go to sleep earlier.
He still screams at me and breaks up with me about once a week, and I just don’t know what to do anymore.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
