Original Response:
I am 25F and my fiance is 27M. Our relationship has been going for 2 years and live together. I love him very much but I think he's being emotionally manipulative. I apologize but I am having trouble articulating my situation. Please bear with me. 

**TL:DR Fiance is blaming me for his poor sleeping habits, and isn't willing to see that he has a problem. It's ruining our relationship** 

This is the biggest problem we have. We will make plans for the day, and then he will say he is tired and wants to lay down before we get going, and he almost always will fall asleep. Actually its a miracle when he doesn't. This problem happens quite often. After an hour of his nap I will try to wake him and he will rudely tell me to leave him alone, or whine at me "I am awake!" or "I'd get up faster if you stop asking me to!" If I touch him in any way to rouse him he will jerk harshly away from me or push me, or swat at me. I usually stay very calm and sweet when I wake him. I don't wake him suddenly or with anger. I have gotten very frustrated and raised my voice a few times, but only after I can't take the rude things he says anymore.


So I will let another hour or two go by, and try again. Sometimes he will pull me in an MAKE me snuggle with him, as in I can not physically remove myself form his clutches. I am small and he is significantly stronger than me, so I will concede to defeat and just watch tv or play with my phone while he continues to sleep. Or this is when it gets worse, because he will say " I would have had a good nap by now if you had just left me alone, and we could have already left to have a day together." or "it's your fault that I am still asleep, now I have to keep sleeping because you wouldn't just leave me alone." If I am not in the clutch, that's when I'll ask him if he still wants to do our plans which usually he will tell me "No I don't want to do anything with you now, you ruined my whole day." which is when I tell him that I'll go do something else so he can sleep (usually visiting my parents house or my closest friend's). 


He will reply with a more heated tone and say "Yep, that's what you always do, You just leave! You never want to stay here with me, you just leave to go be somewhere else!" Sometimes I give in to the guilt trip and stay. Wasting my whole day doing literally nothing by laying there awake while he sleeps, other times I will leave, and a few hours later he or I will call sheepishly, say I love you, apologize and he'll ask if I'll bring home food. Which I always do, because I am a push over and just want things to be okay. Food is usually a good peace offering. Or sometimes he wont call and I will get tired, go home and try to sleep, which he will try to keep me out of the bed, or make it very difficult for me to be in the bed with him. Sometimes he remembers what he did, sometimes he doesn't. He has claimed in the past that he has no idea that he is doing these things, that he is completely asleep. 


I don't know if he is actually awake, because his eyes will never open during this exchange and he says that it is because he's having vivid bad dreams and I am interfering with them. I don't know if I really believe him when he says all that. I know it feels like I'm being manipulated. I know I am being an enabler by just being a pushover and trying to make it better. I have tried to talk to him about it, but it always ends up in the same situation. He will tell me I've ruined his whole day, and sleep to spite me, and avoid talking to me about it. In the past he has said that I am overly emotional, and making too big a deal about it, that it is not a "life or death" situation and that I shouldn't abandon him like I always do. But honestly it takes him a while before he pushes me over the edge to go somewhere else. Sometimes I leave calmly and sometimes I leave sobbing and needing to get away.


I want to talk to him about all of it, but I get ignored so often and I am afraid that it will be a never ending cycle. I know a problem I have is, I want answers and explanations right away, which makes him shut down. I try to stay patient. I'm sorry if I am not making very good sense or not giving enough information, please ask me any questions. I'm at a loss of what to do or think anymore. Is a 2 hour nap really not long enough? None of this feels healthy, and I need someone to slap some sense into me, or help me make some big decisions. I only have one person in real life that I can talk to about any of this with out becoming too involved in the situation or just wanting the info for the gossip, but she's 60 and goes to bed early. He also will make a big deal about me spending time with others.


I love him very much and I really want to make things work between us. I want to talk things out, and apart from this repetitive situation we have great communication. This happens once or twice a month and is killing me. Apart from this we have a great life together, are social, fun and active, things are happy. Our sex life is better that I could ask for.  We have very similar ideals and wants in life, and plans for where we are going, and I have never before in my life been so physically and emotionally attracted to someone. 


Is this relationship salvageable, am I doing anything majorly wrong? Is the problem really me and not him? What things can I do better? What things do I give up on? How do I know when it's something I'm doing wrong or if its him? Is it really just me being emotional? Are these major red flags I need to seriously worry about? I'm starting to believe that it really is me that is the problem and not him. 

I'm so confused. 

Edit: I'm at work now and I work with kids so it's impossible to respond to messages, but I really appreciate all of this advice. I will respond more closer to evening time. 

All this is making me making me feel less alone and less like a crazy person. I'm much too nice and forgiving a person and so I do let myself get walked on. I'm very much going to try some of these ideas and suggestions before I consider termination. Considering how willing he is to talk about any other issues we've had before, I want to try and see if he's willing to talk about this one. Thank you all very much.

Summary:
I have tried to talk to him about it, but it always ends up in the same situation.
What things can I do better?
What things do I give up on?
Is the problem really me and not him?
I know it feels like I'm being manipulated.
I try to stay patient.
Is it really just me being emotional?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
