Original Response:
Ok, I'm 24F, and the man in question is 24M. I don't exactly know where to start, so I'll just get going. 

We met when I was a child, 11 years old and the sixth grade. I remember the first time I saw him and the blue sweater he was wearing. I fell in whatever one would call love at age 11 only two weeks later. I remeber so well the way I thought about him when I was a kid, and that it used to seem so silly to eleven year old me that I only had this one crush that never just dissapeared after a week or so like the ones I'd had before. 

Summers passed, and school years passed, and we continuted to be friends, and I continued to feel for him. It seems ridiculous to me now to call it love, but it was honestly as strong as love; it was an absolute understanding that this person was as good as I was ever going to know: something absolutley beyond the normal range of 11 or 12 year old emotions. 

We continue in school together through middle and highschool, in similar social groups, and I was always aware of his social life, his relatoinships, and his interests. I doubt he had any interest in mine, other than in passing.

I'll be the first to acknowledge that he had no romantic interest in me, and I spent my highschool years trying to send myself running to another guy. But I was awkward and my heart didn't budge from him. He was endlessly kind to me; I am sure I wore my heart on my sleeve, but never made any overt advances. I was overwieght and saw myself as unlovable. 

I spent plenty of time during those years thinking about my future, other boys I wanted to date, and how college would be, but he was always a part of my thoughts and always there in my mind and in my heart. 

Fast forward to college. Having not spoken to him for most of senior year of HS, I didn't realize we would be in school proximal to one another. I contacted him and intiated some contact my Freshman Year of school. After spending time together, I realized two things: I certainly did love him and believe him to own a part of me I wasn't ever getting back, and that I had to move on entierly. So the day I turned 19, I stopped all contact, and let him fade (aside from a few drunken communiques) from my life. 
I became much happier in subsequent years of school, having finally found my friend base, and I was able to keep him from my thoughts (although I'll admit that I probably thought or dreamt of him once every week). I pursed some dating but not much. 

I moved to our hometown after college and took a desk job. I was lost being at home, with my best friends far from me. I didn't try to date, as even though I'd lost considerable wieght, I didn't feel attractive or outgoing. I visited friends and esblished a life at home and eventually became happier. 

I found out through a friend that he was pursuing an endeavor accross the country, doing the sort of work I'd dreamt of doing.  Hearing about his life re-ignighted in me the desire to see him and to be a part of his life. It was boredom more than anything that drove me to contact him. Long story short, I ended up confessing all of the feelings I'd had for him. I recieved acknowledgement that he'd heard me, but no response to my confession. 

I took it at face value, and again packed up my emotions for him and moved on. I met a nice guy a few months later, and fell in love with him. From the begining, I would compare my new love to the old. The way I felt didn't compare. I loved the new guy very much, but it wasn't the passonate, reckless, unconditional way I'd loved my first love. 

My relationship with the new guy peaked and went south over the couse of two years, and in the new year, 2012, I was left alone again. But not in a bad place. 

I'd heard that my old love had been around town again, and we'd had some light communication via email. I asked for a drink, as friends, and he complied. We went out and talked for several hours, reminding me of all the things about him that I loved, and how good he is at his very core. He is like no man I've ever met, and while I wouldn't say that I'd fallen in love with him again over the couse of two hours, I certianly love him as I always have. We had fun, and he texted a few times since. We're planing to see one another again as friends. 

Essentially, that brings us to date. He's leaving home again in he next few months, but he'll be back to town by the end of the year. He has never been very serious in relationships, but each girl he's dated reveals his type: it's me but with a more athletic body. 

I'm in the process of getting myself in shape, I've lost nearly 100 pounds and I'm working on the finishing 80... ha, yes I had a long way to go. 

Anyway, here's the question that makes me feel crazy: Am I so crazy to have felt this way so long? And to have wanted him to remain in my life? I understand that he has not had feelings in any way for me in the past. Is it impossible that if I become closer to his physical ideal, that he could potentially develop feelings for me? He knows me, and he's always been caring to me. I just...don't know.
Understand that I pin NO hope to this. I don't believe anything will happen, ever, and I am pursuing an active dating life.
I just want to know if this is crazy, if this is an expereience others have had. And there is this part of my heart that he owns, and I don't want that part back. There is still some of the 12 year old me who beleives that he's the other half of me. 

TL;DR I've loved this man for 13 years. Am I crazy? I think I am.

Summary:
I understand that he has not had feelings in any way for me in the past.
I pursed some dating but not much.
From the begining, I would compare my new love to the old.
The way I felt didn't compare.
I met a nice guy a few months later, and fell in love with him.
We met when I was a child, 11 years old and the sixth grade.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
