Original Response:
UPDATE: 

Thank you for everyone who gave me your advice. Saw him at they gym yesterday and we both ignored each other which saddens me even more but maybe that is for the best for now. He told people that it's tough on him what he is going through which I know it is but that does not justify him to abandon me or even his own baby. I met a personal trainer at the company that I am working at yesterday and she has the same experience as me (had abortion and being her man left her when she was pregnant 13 years ago). She told me to put this baby first not him. It took her years to be happy. She told me that her son never got angry towards her(because she was always care for her) and his own dad(because he was never around). Her son is a happy kid. She told me that the next guy come around that he will need to know that she is a packaged deal. She got pregnant when she was 19 and that man was physically abusive. That man tried to stop working so he didn't have to pay child support and she has been without child support and she is doing just fine. She said I have it way better than what she had. A college degree, work at one of the top Biotech companies in the world(she told me to not let being a contractor to make me feel small, I will get a full time job in the company in no time), and have a place to live (she lived in her car). She was telling me that she did it and I can do it too. I will try to live my life with strength and not get an abortion just to make him happy even tho I know he is scared to be a dad, paying child support, and people will know that he left his girlfriend pregnant and just want to be a deadbeat dad. I think I should for once think that I am beautiful enough inside and out for any men to respect my decision, love me just the way I am, and put me and my baby first unlike him. I know it is easier said than done to get back on my feet after everything I am going through plus after he told me that I am a piece of trash. I will try to be strong, be happy, be ok with own skin with or without him. My child will have irreplaceable bond and love me unconditionally as long as I raise her well. Thank you again everyone. 




He left me, long story he won't want to have anything to do with me or the baby. I have been having a hard time for 2 months now after he left me. I am 4 months pregnant and he kept insisting since 2 months ago that I do a second abortion. He forced me to have abortion last July and threatened me if I didn't do it. I loved him and I had to do it because of his threats and I didn't want to lose him. We work at the same company but different building. I run into him at the gym and cafeteria a few times and each time I always want to say hi to him but he always mean to me. I would cry the whole day after each time I run to him. 




This isn't just any hard old break-ups. He's my first love and I'm having a baby of his too. First abortion got me guilty every single day, suicidal thoughts, my family left me, my best friend left me, and his mom wasn't talking to me because I yelled back at her. He's a mama's boy and can't really stand up in front of his mom. I didn't have anyone but him so clinged on to him hard. He promised to have a future with me and work things out no matter what it takes. It was ALL LIES. 




I love him with all my heart although I'm getting angry and more angry at him each day for treating me like crap. He told me I am a piece of trash and that he should've throw me away a long time ago. His words shucked me deep. 




He's a process engineer and I'm a research associate. I'm a contractor and he's a full time. His mom told me that if I don't do abortion I'll have a miserable life. She also told me she did 3 abortions and it didn't effect her and it shouldn't effect me either. She also said its a piece of blood. He told me that it's just a bunch of cell like on a Petri dish, it's was just a size of lemon seeds, that I did it before why can't I do it again, and that it was a long time again why can't I just get over it? Those words hurt me so bad. 




I couldn't do another abortion because of the guilt and the suicidal thoughts that I won't be able to handle. Not because I'm trying to keep him. Growing up without a dad was hard and so I'm not doing this because of him. I am seeing a psychologist once a week and asked her if I can see her 2 times a week start next week. 




I wonder if I should do abortion to make him happy? Even tho I know I will suffer and possibly kill myself at the end because of the suicidal thoughts. He said he will be there emotionally if I do abortion. He has forced me to do abortion also for this pregnancy but each time out of three I just couldn't do it. Doctor from Stanford said the baby is a girl. He told me he's scared and not ready to be a dad but how about me? I'm scared too, more scared than him on top of everything that I'm going through. 




I'm trying to not contact him at all to let him have time to think of his actions. I asked him if he can consider to be a dad one day because his child will need a dad. I'm surprised his mom didn't use her own philosophy for me and my baby because she stayed in her marriage so her sons won't have no dad. I told him he's immature, selfish, and immoral. I told him his heartless too. No one around would tell him that. He said he doesn't want to pay child support unless I bring him to court. He has at least 0.5 Million dollars inheritance and he is acting like child support will impoverish him and that he is the victim. His bestfriend said that he shouldnt be responsible because it's my choice of keeping the baby but he did took a part of this. This baby didn't just get there without him. And he did have a choice when he decided to have sex in the first place(I had an implant before that I was on pills).




What should I do? How do I move on? I miss him so much everyday, nightmares, wake up so many times every night, cry everyday for the past 2 months. I have thought of adoption but I don't think I can give her up after so long in my tummy. He said he won't know what he feels like 6 months from now regarding his baby. So maybe there is hope? I'm not counting on it.


   
**tl;dr; Is abortion the answer to his happiness? I won't be happy but he will be. Should I sacrifice my own heart to feel guilty for the rest of my life for him because I love him and I would do anything for him including making him happy? Not trying to get him back by making him happy, I love him and want him to be happy. Thank you

Summary:
I won't be happy but he will be.
He's my first love and I'm having a baby of his too.
He said he will be there emotionally if I do abortion.
She was telling me that she did it and I can do it too.
I have been having a hard time for 2 months now after he left me.
I told him his heartless too.
She told me to put this baby first not him.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
