Original Response:
Background Info: Sorry if this is going to be long but I really want everyone here to fully understand the situation I'm in. So. Here we go. I'm 23 and am in a relationship with a girl who is 20. I started "dating" her when I was 21 and she was 17. No biggie. The problem is that her family has a strong dislike for me because her and I had sex when she turned 18. We ended up breaking up for a month and a half and then getting back together again. Then we broke up again after a month of being together because it was too much of a problem with my family and hers. My best friend at the time (when we were 21) was dating this girls cousin. My old best friend didn't like being in the relationship and always complained to me about how he didn't want to be in it anymore and how he wanted to break up with his current girlfriend. He broke up with his girlfriend after I broke up with mine and not even two weeks after breaking up with his girl, he started trying to get with my ex. (December 2009) I called him out on it and asked him why. He said that he just liked her for a really long time. Anyways, she rejected him completely and he got sad. That was when him and I stopped hanging out together a lot. Me and the girl got back together again for about a month or so. The old best friend then decided to try his luck with the girls older sister.

He succeeded! They went out for about three months and a half. (February 2010- May 2010) Me and the girl broke up. We stayed broken up for about nine months. (until December 2010). My old best friend then broke up with the older sister and he tried to get back with the cousin. He succeeded! They went out but she called him out on being a cheating bastard! They broke up (January 2011). Back to me. Me and the girl get together again this year (January 2011). She tells me she went around and had sex with this one guy. Side note: We're religious and go to church and so this is seen as a big no no. We're always all trying to better ourselves &amp; such but, regardless, things happen. I explain to her that if she's done living that lifestyle, then yeah we can try to work things out. April 2011 hits. The girls cousin comes up to me and tells me that I need to stop talking to her cousin because she's cheating on me. I don't believe her but I call the girl up and ask her to meet me. I confront her about it and she denies it over and over again until I show her text messages and proof. She finally owns up to it. She also owns up to the fact that she cheated on me earlier in the year and not just in April. I completely ignore her for three weeks. She was on the verge of suicide. I finally come around and try talking to her and we started talking and whatnot. She claims she finds Christ and such and so I start trying to be her friend.

After a month or two of being her friend (July 2011) we decide to try and get together again. I had no trust in her at all so you can only image how hard it was trying to be in a relationship where one party doesn't trust the other. We try to work things out. Things get out to the social community we belong to about the things she did and people thought that I was the one to blab. (Which isn't true. I told no one.) I get a lot of hate from the family because they didn't know what happened and they thought I was just smearing her name. Regardless, I dealt with it and moved on. I go on a trip in early September and go to a club because I enjoy techno/house/trance music and I'd never really been. I meet an Asian girl there and I get her number. (I like asians.) We text here and there while I was on the trip, and one things leads to another, and we end up having sex in my hotel room for a few hours. I never tell the girl. (My reasoning for doing this was to "get back" at the girl for cheating on me. But I just ended up feeling ten time worse :/).

Months go by where me and this girl are still in a relationship and things seemed to be getting better. We started getting along again for a bit but then we started messing up here and there. Bj's here and there, making out here and there, and it just caused trouble with the family and with eachother. We stopped talking for about a week (during thanksgiving) and so I decide if that's how it's gonna be, then we're gonna just do it that way. I go out on day after Thanksgiving and get this girls number. We start hanging out and just doing that. No making out, no kissing, no sex, no nothing. Just platonic friends. The most we did was hug. Me and the main girl start talking again and things started getting good again. The girl from Thanksgiving really likes me though and wants more than just friends. I enjoy working out. While at the gym two weeks ago, this one girl took down my number because she wants me to help her train and workout. I don't mind helping people work out, as I used to be a fatty; I enjoy helping them reach their goals. The girl has been texting me and she wants to be more than friends.

This brings me to my main problem. I have this girl who I've been on and off with for the past two years. She really wants marriage. She cheated on me multiple times. She wants to get closer and closer to me and is trying super hard to earn my trust. I also have this girl who I've befriended on day after Thanksgiving who really likes me and I'm just her friend. There is also a girl who I agreed to help workout, and she has feelings for me too. All my life I was pretty morbidly obese. I never had a problem with girls because I never spoke with them. I was/am very antisocial and am not good and talking to people and don't really know what to say. What should I do reddit? Should I "break up" with the Thanksgiving girl and pursue the main girl? Should I "dump" them all and just be single for a while and "cool my jets?" I really don't know what to do :/ Please help.

tl;dr
had a girlfriend
we broke up
got back together
broke up again
got cheated on
cheated on her
things are somewhat okay now
not sure if i should keep with her or not?

Summary:
I never tell the girl.
The girl has been texting me and she wants to be more than friends.
I go out on day after Thanksgiving and get this girls number.
We try to work things out.
Me and the girl got back together again for about a month or so.
I never had a problem with girls because I never spoke with them.
The girl from Thanksgiving really likes me though and wants more than just friends.
(My reasoning for doing this was to "get back" at the girl for cheating on me.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
