Original Response:
Tl;dr  Wife was abused as child, never dealt with.  Bad sexual encounter with husband brought those memories up.  Now there is no intimate contact for 3 months, and I think she may be cheating or already cheated. How much leway do I grand because of her abuse. 

This is kind of a long story.  I'll do my best to keep to the relevant info only. So my wife (29F) and I (31M) have been together for 9 years, married for 4.  She was sexually assaulted and raped by an uncle when she was a little girl (over a period of several months – a year).  I have known this for almost all of our relationship.  Only myself, her best friend, and he little sister know.  Despite encouragement from me (and the others) she refuses to come forward and tell her parents.  We live far from her home town so she does not need to see "him" at all.  She has always seemed a fairly normal person, and because of that I respected her choices not to come forward.  She has never sought professional help for this.

Our relationship has been OK I guess.  It has had it's ups and downs, we are both overweight and we try to fight that battle together. Our sex live could be better.  We don't communicate about sex.  She is (was?) my first real partner, so we've been learning everything as we go.  When I would try to discuss sex she would shut down or fly off the handle.  After years and years of this, we do not discuss sex.  

We do not have enough sex, according to her, I feel simi the same way. When we do have it I feel as though she is not attracted to ME but rather just wants sex.  Not at all like she wants me, she never initiates any touching of me during sex.  If I ask, she will touch my dick, but reluctantly and only for a short period of time (&lt; 5 seconds).  Blowjobs or hand jobs are 100% off the table (I do both to her, she does none to me).  This is all due to her abuse I know.  

The end result of this is that I feel an oblation surrounding sex and I do not feel attractive to her at all.  So I don’t want sex that often (around once a week).  However I am attracted to her.   She wants sex more often but puts this 100% on me.  She is unwilling or unable to do more then she is doing, and I don’t feel wanted when we do have it.  I feel like a life size dildo, who’s only use is to get her off.

I was having some stress related ED issues last fall.  We moved to a new town for my work and it has been very intense.  So in an attempt to resolve this, I tried NoFap.  I was on day 10 when what I will call “the incident” happened.  Before I describe it, I want everyone to know that I feel 100% the asshole for what happed.  And I take full responsibility. 

It was Saturday morning.  I woke up feeling horny.  So I rolled over to her, she was sleeping, and attempted to start to get her in the mood.  Kissing her and playing with her while attempting to wake her up. (note that this is not that much outside of our normal process).  At this point I feel like she is starting to wake up.  My dick is hard and I’m humping at her a little bit.  I feel like she is about to roll over or tell me that we don’t have time for that this morning.  All of a sudden I cum. I’m embarrassed and feel like I let her down, so I stop what I’m doing.  As soon as I do she gets up and goes to the bathroom, I can tell that she is pissed.  So I assume that she is pissed that I came so quickly.  When she gets back to the bedroom I attempt to get things going again but she rebuffs me.  So I get up and go along with the day.  All day I can tell she is mad or upset with me, but I assume it’s because I came so quickly.  It’s not.

Turns out, that while I was attempting to wake her up, she was frozen, not sleeping.  She feels that what happened was non-consensual and that I violated her by “humping her like a post”.  She is VERY angry that I did not address it right away.  So this starts our real marriage troubles. That was 6 months ago.

Three months ago, she moved into the spare bedroom.  Saying she could not sleep next to me anymore.  During the 3 month period we went through a very tough Christmas where she cried all the time from missing her family (we now live across country from our families and this is the first Christmas we have not gone to one or the other).  She cried in my arms on Christmas day and we were close and affectionate, but the next day she would be cold toward me.  This cycle repeats from the day of the incident to the day she moves bedrooms.   Today, she won’t even hug me.  According to her she needs time to straighten out her head before she can know if she wants to be with me. 

The last 3 months have been extremely busy for me at work.  This is the only overtime I am required to work all year, but during February, March and April I work 6 days a week 12 hours every day.  I am rarely home and when I am all I do is sleep.  I cannot avoid this as it’s in my contract. 

Despite this, during this 3 month period I convinced her to see a couples councillor.  We have gone to 3 sessions and the councillor has started my Wife on the road to confronting the abuse.  Our councillor has a medical issue, and was unavailable for the past month and a half.  We both agree that we like her and don’t want to see someone else, so we have been working on things as much as we can.  It’s hard because I’m never around.  My overtime season ended 2 days ago.  Now I work normal hours. 

Since we moved across country we both have had a hard time finding friends.  She decided that we should start looking online and I agreed.  Since we were having troubles I made it very clear to her that I would be uncomfortable if she were chatting to guys.  She swore that she is only looking for friends, and if anyone got to flirty she would block them.  I trusted her in this. 

Over the past few months I have noticed she is getting more protective of her phone, and more and more text messages are arriving.  I often hear her phone go off late in the night.   I know what this means, but decided to trust her.  She is not the kind of person who you can confound and expect answers unless you have solid proof.  I have none, I do not know the password to her phone. Last week a package arrived for her, we do not order many things online, so this was strange.  I goggled the return address, it’s a Lingerie store.  I asked her what was in it and she said pyjamas. 

Today I have the day off work.  So I snooped on her computer.  Nothing in her history, or Facebook.  I found her online profile looking for friends and it does claim to be only looking for friends.  Checked her Gmail and almost found nothing of significant interest.  What I did find was a single email, confirming her new Gmail address, one she has never told me she has.  The confirmation email was only a few months old.  Then I checked the recycle bin.  In there I found 3 pictures, one of some guy, one of her pussy and one of her in Lingerie that I have never seen before.  All taken in her bedroom.  I installed a key logger.

She is clearly cheating or about to cheat.  I’m going to wait a few days to get the results of that logger to confront her.  But I’m very non-confrontational and I feel such tremendous guilt over what I did to her.  

Now, I’m no saint.  I’ve chatted with people on Omegle, I’ve moved some of those conversations to other mediums and they have gotten flirty.  I’ve even received a tit pick.  I would never, ever do anything in real life. And always my online conversations last a day or two at most.  I do not feel that what she has done (that I know of) is enough for me to leave her.  But it kills me that there might be more.  PS, her work involves a significant amount of travel. 

My question is, how much leeway do I give her.  how much rope so to speak.  And, assuming there is no cheating (other than what I already know) how much longer is reasonable to give her to straighten things out.

Summary:
Today I have the day off work.
I trusted her in this.
So I get up and go along with the day.
So I don’t want sex that often (around once a week).
I feel like she is about to roll over or tell me that we don’t have time for that this morning.
She is unwilling or unable to do more then she is doing, and I don’t feel wanted when we do have it.
Now I work normal hours.
This is all due to her abuse I know.
She decided that we should start looking online and I agreed.
So I rolled over to her, she was sleeping, and attempted to start to get her in the mood.
However I am attracted to her.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
