Original Response:
EDIT: I want to thank everyone so far for trying to help us out. I greatly appreciate this and it helps me and her a lot. I cant say enough how thankfull I am. Sometimes I just don't know who to talk to or ask questions to so this is a really good thing for me. And the all the support just makes us feel better too because we are sometimes scared things wont work out but it makes me smile it worked out for others aswell.

You all gave us a little more hope.

Again, thank you! (:

**TL;DR: Met the girl of my dreams but she lives in America. She wants to visit me in the summer but doesn't have enough money unless I pay wich my mom doesnt like. What to do?**

I would like to start off with who I am.
My name is Noel. I'm 19 years old.. And live in Holland, with my mom and little brother 
And my little sister And I'm in a difficult situation....
I have met the girl of my dreams but she lives 3500 miles away from me.


I would like to start off with our story so far. My girlfriend (Meghan, 18 years old right now.) lives in America. We met on a populair gaming site with small games like tetris called iminlikewithyou.com, also known as omgpop.com. About 2 years ago I decided to play pool on there and ended up playing against Meghan. She is a pretty shy girl so she didn't talk that much but I got her out of her shell and we ended up having a lot of fun playing against eachother. We decided to add eachother on msn and talked to eachother every single day. A few months later I couldn't help but falling in love with her.... (I really don't care what anyone thinks about this seeing I haven't ever met her back then but its how it is.) I loved her personality. She's sweet and caring but she's also beautiful. (She's perfect in my eyes). We literally spoke to eachother every single night and decided to ask her to be my girlfriend. I really didn't know how this would turn out because I had no idea how she would react to a long distant relationship. But she said yes and was very happy. I literally felt like the luckiest guy alive because all I wanted is for her to be happy and if that could be me... well, it couldn't get any better.


A long time later we spoke to eachother a lot about actually meeting eachother. This would ofcourse require a huge amount of money for my age and most of my friends wouldnt even be able to afford a trip to America. Luckely I work almost every single day and i'm good at saving money so I had plenty. We had a few issues with her parents not agreeing on me coming over unless I stay somewhere else besides her own house. (I could understand this though. what mom/dad wouldnt be worried about a guy coming from Holland to his/her daughter?) But I wasnt giving up. I sent her mom and dad both a huge e-mail explaining everything between me and Meghan. They didnt know much about us since Meghan was really afraid of how her mom would react to all this. (She's really shortminded with this kind of stuff) Eventually we arranged a cheap motel somewhere near her place for me that I would pay for. (Mind you, i've had to spent a total of almost 1500 dollars for staying there for two weeks. With plane tickets included). And then came the day... my mom extremely nervous about me leaving but fully supported me saying ''Im not sure why you picked a girl from America but follow your heart.'' It felt good hearing that... 


So I left with a plane to London. I had to wait there and sleep on the floor for 18 hours before my plane to Boston left. When I was about to land in Boston my heart skipped a beat. I really didnt know how to feel or what to do. I couldnt stop shaking and thinking ''Wow is this really happening?'' And there it was. The door that led to the place she was waiting for me. I walked in there and she saw me first. She walked up to me saying ''Hi'' and I just froze for a moment. I was completely stunned by all off this and it felt so unreal. I felt really uncomfortable at first but when we sat in the car together both in the backseat. I looked at her... and took her hand slowly. And suddenly (Sorry to interupt here but I just got goosebumps when I was typing this part) it felt like everything was okay. I felt comfortable right away with her. I couldnt stop smiling awkwardly and looking at her.


This was a huge deal for us because, we are both pretty shy. We had never kissed anyone before or anything else so... yeah. (Don't judge me I had my reasons. I cant kiss anyone im not extremely emotionally attached to.) So feeling comfortable with eachother was a huge deal. The days after that were the best days ever... I was with her for two weeks during christmas We literally spent the first full day together in eachothers arms by the fire place completely amazed by how this is really happening. It still felt unreal but oh my god so good.... I literally never wanted to leave again and never let go of her anymore.
A few days after christmas and such ended we were more used to eachother and we found out that we actually treated eachother like best friends aswell. This was even more incredible because I never had to be any different. We could both be weird and have lots of fun. We did things we never really could on a cam. (Nothing dirty haha). We eventually had our first kiss and needless to say it was so worth the wait. I still dont regret it and can only smile thinking back to it. In other words we couldnt have had a better two weeks together. We both felt like those were the two best weeks of our entire lifes. 


But then... the day I had to leave. Needless to say it felt like someone ripped a hole in my chest and left me with an empty void. I felt sick in my stomach and didnt know how to feel... That moment when I had to get in line and had to let go of her hand? I'm honestly about to cry again when I think back to that. I promised her I would never leave her and that I will wait till whenever so we could get back to eachother again and be happy. We cried. A lot. We kissed we hugged and then had to let go.... I felt like my legs were made of rubber when I had to walk away from her. Leaving her behind knowing that we had no clue when we would meet eachother again.

And now i'm here. Back at home still missing her a lot but ofcourse still literally talk to her every single night. I'm still happy with her but sometimes we have our ups and downs because of the time difference and other things. (Nothing like cheating or anything major. Just small things thats bound to happen in such a relationship.)


We wanted to see eachother again this summer. I myself have plenty of money to pay for the trip again but my mother thinks its a bad idea to pay again for the whole thing and wants my girlfriend to pay for everything. (And dont worry Meghan wants to pay for everything herself, she barely allowes me to help her pay a part.) But she doesn't have a job and is in college. The only available jobs near her place are already taken and she can't drive anywhere else to have a job somewhere else. She cant rely on someone else taking her all the time so that doesn't work either. So she has no income of money. I made an offer to pay everything for now so that she could pay me back later but my mom isn't to sure about doing this... I can without a doubt say that around the age of 21/22/23 I will be immigrating to America to move in with her. I spoke to some people who help people who want to immigrate to America with finding a job etc. (I'm following a Graphic designer college at the moment). I already spoke to my mom about this and she said it would be hard for her but she accepts it if I really want this to do. Ofcourse, there's still a lot of time to decide. But i'm 100% sure that I will do this.


I was curious if anyone would know some way for us to meet eachother again this summer. I want her to meet my family aswell because my mom really wants her to come over aswell. I literally dream about meeting her again this summer and really want this to work out. (You have no idea... we miss eachother so much its unbelievable.)

So yeah, can anyone help us with our complicated love story?

**I'm sorry if my grammar isn't really good. Since i'm Dutch its still hard for me sometimes. Also, feel free to ask me any questions at all. I don't mind anything and will awnser anything honestly.**

And yes, I know this is a repost but I asked a mod if I was allowed to do this.

Summary:
I really didnt know how to feel or what to do.
But then... the day I had to leave.
**

I would like to start off with who I am.
I literally dream about meeting her again this summer and really want this to work out.
We wanted to see eachother again this summer.
Sometimes I just don't know who to talk to or ask questions to so this is a really good thing for me.
I'm honestly about to cry again when I think back to that.
We did things we never really could on a cam.
But i'm 100% sure that I will do this.
I would like to start off with our story so far.
I was curious if anyone would know some way for us to meet eachother again this summer.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
