Original Response:
Hi. I'm 28 years old. I work a good job. I own a home with an awesome SO. I have few friends but they are dear to me. I have very little family around me (only my mother right now) and very little family in general but I've always been somewhat okay with that. I'm also, quite possibly, out of my poor mind. 

You see, once upon a time I was the youngest child of an older couple. I had much older siblings. Spoiled? Yup. Loved? Also yup! Years went by and while I was in college, my father passed away unexpectedly. The family grieved. I went back to college a month or so later. Fast forward almost a year later and, to my great surprise, I got a call. My mother was in dire straits with her money. Her house was in foreclosure. She couldn't afford to buy food. Naturally I was surprised, my father hadn't left her well off by any means but the monthly income she had was more than enough to cover her monthly expenses with left overs. (I should know, I ran the numbers.) 

Surprised and sad, I stopped college and took a job in her town. I moved in with her (with her permission) and spent my next two years in horror learning just how deep the rabbit hole went. The rabbit hole itself went into high interest rate pay day loans (in her name but not opened by her), money taken from her account without her knowledge, bills paid on said same account without her knowledge and other horrible abuses of her kind nature . And the worse yet was that the rabbit was none other than the middle sibling, someone 11+ years older than me. Also, a person she would not allow me to go after legally. This bunny was her beloved child and favorite between us all. This bunny could do no wrong in her eyes. Or at least, the wrong done by the bunny was justified for one reason or another. Although she wanted me to fix things, particularly the money problems; she only wanted me to fix them in so much as they would not affect my sibling.

I slowly repaired the damage that I could. Initially, I'd say I lost a little over a year's pay (and all of my savings from working during college) to digging her out of the hole. And digging myself out as well once I discovered that my credit card (that I had given her access to) had been run up to it's max. That, in itself, was a shock to a young former college student. 

I'll say that I went to the school of sudden and hard knocks. College life and all that it meant became a forgotten dream to me but I learned quick about this new life full of evils. For this particular rabbit was not done trying to get to wonderland. This rabbit of mine went further. My mother loaned money she didn't have (including mine) at the slick bunny's insistence. She hid things behind my back to continue to support this sad little bunny. They were co-dependent on each other. She was the enabler and, as it came down to it, the rebel against me. I was always two steps behind. I'm afraid my non-criminal background never allowed me to think like my ever eager bunny sibling. Professional help for my mother never went far. She didn't want to hear what they had to say nor tell them anything but that she was fine.

Time played out. My rabbit hopped the country, much to my pleasure. I felt enough trust in my gullible mother to let me move out and start a home with my SO. I kept her finances in hand (with her permission) as a precaution but with my trust blooming, I felt I would hand it all back over to her soon. But it happened again, in a scheme I had once again never heard of: check-kiting. With this financial slight of hand, all of my mother's income for a month was eaten and gone into the ether as though it never existed. Sadly, I sobered up and realized that I may never be free of keeping a wary eye on my mother at this rate. 

Which brings me to today. I sit here oddly calm despite having been called and threatened with being beaten at my own father's grave and even killed. I sit here silently wondering if I can keep doing this. You see the story above is incomplete for all the physical abuse (older sibling went after me while I was living in my mother's home and got hands on me more than once during fights about money), emotional abuse (screamed out that I deserve to die among other things) and insanity that is this fun tale. 

Today, however, is the tale of my trying to save my mother again from my sibling. My sibling has installed their SO in my mother's home for free and the moocher is easily increasing my mother's overall money usage by 1000 dollars or more. This is money she doesn't have to spend (up to and including her power and mortgage payments). I let my sibling know that I would take out a guardianship to protect my mother with the information from their previous scams if the sibling didn't start paying my mother back or make the mooch leave. I've also told my mother this information and advised her to think long and hard about things before she continues as she has. I don't really want a guardianship but as her next of kin and the only one within a thousand miles, l feel obligated to her. But I would get a guardianship if it meant I could kick the free-loader to the side and limit what my mother could do for my sibling. I love her, despite it all, and I can see how much of her behavior is a response to how she feels about losing my father even this far after my father's death. I really just want her to be happy. And in between this insanity, she generally is.

But here I sit, feeling bad. In general sad and really conflicted. Reddit, with my tale of woe, is it worth it any more? I don't feel I'm able to judge as I've been trapped in this for nearly three years running now and it's become automatic to defend her and try to protect her. She's my mother after all. At what point do I say I've done my job as her child? At what point is enough enough? Have I discharged my duties to her? I honestly don't know and maybe some opinions would help.

tl;dr Sibling steals from mother. Mother lets sibling but then sobs to me for a rescue when money goes bye-bye. I save mother. Mother continues to let sibling rob her and both expect me to pick up the pieces when everything comes crashing down. I'm tired of it and also tired of being the adult.

Summary:
She's my mother after all.
I had much older siblings.
I went back to college a month or so later.
This rabbit of mine went further.
I own a home with an awesome SO.
I really just want her to be happy.
But here I sit, feeling bad.
At what point do I say I've done my job as her child?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
