Original Response:
(Apologies for the lack of ages; I don't know my parents' ages off-hand. Mom's 40-ish, and my dad's just past 50, I think. I also have two brothers who turn 19 and 15 in June. Also, sorry about the weird throwaway. Had it around, thought I'd use it again. In a sense, it is pertinent to this discussion.)

I'm just so frustrated with this whole situation. Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one who wants to try and fix things rather than just yell at everyone else and hope it gets better.

Let's start with Mom and Dad. My parents have always been go-getters. We've been pushed through school to perform our very best, and it showed. I can count the number of B's and C's I got in school on one hand, and my brothers have been similar if not better. But Mom is the bad cop and Dad is the slightly-less-bad cop. Mom has a really short temper, and that's reflected in her idea of discipline: yelling. She yells at us for everything. Dad doesn't yell quite as much, but he still keeps on a short leash. For example, when I messed up, Dad would give me the stern, disapproving glare, while Mom would scream. Dad would do his best to talk through the situation, then Mom would explode at me again. 

From there, we go on to my youngest brother, "Ted." Ted is... troubled. Not troubled as in doing drugs or in with the wrong crowd, but he is willfully self-centered and completely oblivious to the idea of interacting with our family in a positive manner. I know he's been doing it since he was 6 years old, if not earlier. I call him sociopathic, and that's exactly what he is. He has absolutely no idea that other people have emotions. He is moody, self-absorbed, arrogant, lazy, contrarian, stubborn, and utterly difficult. Mom's finally met her match on this one. Whenever she yelled at me, I'd cower in a corner and cry, begging desperately to be loved again. (You can imagine the sort of mental problems I suffer from, then.) But Ted? He doesn't seem to care. He fights her, tooth and nail, and nothing seems to ever get done. He fights to get what he wants. He fights when he already has what he wants. He fights when people try to help him. He fights when people don't help him. He screams and cries and throws fits and never seems to understand how entirely awful of a person he is.

I also need to talk about my other brother, Mark, as well. He and I have always been really close. We were born two years apart, but we're basically twins. I'm more of the artistic type, whereas he's a straightforward computer guy, but otherwise, we think very similarly. Part of the problem is that we're so close, we don't always give Ted room. But don't you think we've tried in recent days? Ted's older now, so we can include him in activities and conversations that normally he'd be too immature to join in. But Ted's still a petulant jerk, and a sore loser/winner to boot. Worse yet, Mark keeps goading him. For years, I've been trying, really trying, to improve my attitude with Ted, pull away from Mark a bit, but Mark isn't putting up quite the same amount of work. And Ted certainly isn't working towards anything regarding compromise or improving his own attitude.

So, me. Let's talk about me. I'm a pretty complex person; by that I mean I have a superiority complex, an inferiority complex, a Messiah complex, a martyr complex... You get the idea. Basically, all those years of being the best academically has created this idea that I have to be perfect, or I don't deserve to live. I'm also the one who's always trying to step in and fix things. I'm just someone who's always trying to help as best as I can, and this family is the only place where I feel like no one ever listens to me. Anywhere else, I'm regarded as "Encyclopedia Brown" or "the smartest guy I know," but in my own home, I'm always wrong. It's so frustrating, because I feel like I know exactly what to do to fix this dysfunctional family, but no one will even try!

I have one year left until I finish college. It's to the point where I just want to come home for the last time, point to each member of my family in turn, and go, "Screw you, screw you, you were alright but seriously screw you too, and screw you." I fantasize about driving away to New York or someplace and never seeing them again, because this family sucks! Okay, we put a lot of the blame on Ted, but I know all five of us carry some of the blame.

That's where the title comes in. Even now, I want so badly for things to get better. I don't want to hate Ted for the rest of my life. I don't want to never see my family again. But I don't know how to go about doing that. I've considered the idea of therapy, but here's the rub: my parents have the insurance, and I'd rather stab myself in the chest than doing anything approaching challenging their authority. I have almost 21 years of psychological barriers keeping me from contradicting them. If I ever did anything even slightly against what they expected of me, I'd be yelled at until I cried. I've gone so long believing, "Mom and Dad are always right. You are always wrong," that I can't shake it. So how do I go straight up to their face and say, "You are wrong. This family is *not* working, and you are partially to blame for that?" You can obviously see one of the other alternatives I considered...

So, what do I do, /r/relationships? How do I go about scheduling therapy? Or is it not worth it? Do I just go with the "screw you" approach (or heaven forbid, my namesake's option)? Everything else is failing; what do I do?!

**tl;dr: Mom is a tyrant, brother is a monster, I'm tired of trying to fix everything. How do I fight against unapproachable parents?**

Summary:
But I don't know how to go about doing that.
He fights to get what he wants.
I don't want to never see my family again.
He and I have always been really close.
He fights when people try to help him.
He fights when people don't help him.
He fights when he already has what he wants.
I'm also the one who's always trying to step in and fix things.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
