Original Response:
Hey guys.  
I've been with my boyfriend for nearly three years.  We are a British/ American couple.  We met in Prague teaching English.  Before heading to Prague, I told myself I'd just teach abroad for one more year (after spending one teaching in Korea, thereafter swearing off Asia as a place I'd like to teach ever again) and then start my life in the USA.  My SO had the idea that he'd teach in Prague for a while before trying to land a position in Japan where you can save a lot teaching, as well as in the rest of Asia.

Knowing this as we started allowing ourselves to fall for each other, we expected it to end devastatingly because we're from different countries with strict immigration policies and we had different teaching/ career goals. 
Well anyway we fell hard for each other and moved in together, and stayed in Prague long past what we both expected until we were sick of the low wages. 

From there we had to compromise on the next place we could live together (Asia was out for me so I decided we could pick another European country - he picked Spain and we both made it here after some months of separation trying to decide and prepare.) Basically this was a compromise and neither of us were particularly stoked to come here previously.

We have been here teaching for over a year.  However for me, the American, I am "undocumented".  It's very difficult for Americans to get a legal contract in a lot of Western Europe just to teach. So already I'm kind of in a "dangerous" situation to be with him, but it doesn't bother me too much.

So I'm still teaching abroad three years after saying 'ok one more year only'.  I don't hate it, but I don't love it.  It is nice having a chance to explore Spain and other European sights when we manage to save up enough for a quick holiday.  It's nice living in a busy modern city with great public transport and no tipping. It's also nice making friends from all over the world.  It's nice feeling cultured and studying a foreign language, etc. (to be honest I can see myself settling here if I could get some better job opportunities and higher wages)  I'm also happy to have the chance to live with my boyfriend whom I value and love very much.

Downsides here are the terrible wages and having to live in tiny apartments often sharing with another roommate just to survive.  These factors have contributed to very high stress levels at times.  

We have had many rough patches along the way aside from this stress stemming from my own anger management and jealousy problems and his inability to handle my lack of self-confidence, etc.  Sometimes we can be pretty incompatible.  I've seen a couple therapists along the way to assists with these issues.
The plan since this past winter was to get him a fiance visa for the US so we could "easily" and legally stay together somewhere.  Although he agreed to it and helped to send the visa application in, he is still desiring some time teaching in Asia to save up and pay off his debt and travel the world more.  I think we can both admit we are afraid to get married.  We are too young for that serious commitment but there aren't many other options if we want to live in either of our home countries. (However the UK is out because Brits needs to be earning $30,000 a year before they can invite their spouse into the country)

At this point he seems to be strictly concerned with making money aka teaching in Asia. and he isn't as concerned about keeping me in his life, believing he can free his mind and think about his future with a clear head without me around, not to mention save a ton.  He feels you can't self improve or move forward in life if all you can think about is how to compromise to stay with someone.  He told me he doesn't know what else is out there (relationship wise) and wants something to compare this to (he had previous gfs that didn't mean nearly this much to him).  He "jokingly" said he needs to live with at least three different girls for a comparison (later saying that was bullshit - but it obviously stuck with me)

We both have flights to the US together for July, but he doesn't see a point in taking his and now I'm not sure about taking mine either.

At this point it seems there aren't many options for the immediate future - either being trapped in my parents' house in the US job searching without a clear career goal and feeling devastated about the break-up OR going to Asia with him even though I have long sworn it off and been over it since I taught there four years ago.
I also feel an immense guilt from my family at home for having been living abroad for five years straight (with a few visits during), and that is my main motivation for heading back to the states, followed by a general curiosity about living in the states as an adult since I went straight to Korea after graduating college.

Even more ironic(?) is what if we do spend a year in Asia saving and by the end still don't have faith enough in ourselves to get married and go live in either's home country...

I'm at a loss. I feel a bit like I'm at his mercy because I feel like I'm ready to make sacrifices for him to stay with him, but that I should just let him go if he's truly sick of me and ready to "clear his head" and "find out what else is out there".

We are both devastated and have one more month together to decide what's best (before the date of my flight to the US - no return flight).  We've pretty much been crying ourselves to sleep for the past few nights talking about this.  It's getting old but there always seem to be fresh tears somehow.
Thanks for any advice.

**TL;DR:  I'm an American in a relationship with a Brit.  I'm thinking of sacrificing living in my home country as I've been wanting to do for a few years now (and as my SO agreed to -by marrying me as it's the only option -  but has since changed his mind) to go live somewhere I've sworn off simply to stay with my SO.  All of this is in hopes that after managing to save up some money there, there will be a chance my SO will then be ready to actually marry and come live in my country with me as he previously had agreed to via marriage**

Summary:
We have been here teaching for over a year.
I've been with my boyfriend for nearly three years.
I don't hate it, but I don't love it.
I think we can both admit we are afraid to get married.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
