Original Response:
I would like advice and to get this off my chest. I need clear perspectives, and I know I am partially to blame.

I have an on again off again relationship of 5 years. My "girlfriend" and I recently had a fight. I ended up flipping a table and scaring her very badly after I found out she had slept with someone else after a fight we had had prior. I asked her about everything the week after that fight, and she lied. If she had told the truth I would have been hurt, but I would get over it. Instead she lied, and I found out a week later when I found a movie ticket on the floor in her room....

She hit me several times and slapped me, and told me I was snooping. I was not, and she knew it. She had people over and I remained calm and even friendly to them until they left. When we spoke I know she felt terrible about the issue, but brought up the valid point that our sex life has been rough and that I had treated her poorly prior to the night this happened. I feel terrible about this whole thing obviously.

Sexually I have issues with her probably due to the trust issues and hard feelings between us. Not to mention the fact that she has slept with many people, and I not so many. I don't know why her sleeping with other people doesn't make me hate her, but I really do love this girl.

She uses other men to "entertain" her, and maintains a strictly "fun" and carefree relationship with them. For some reason, likely our history, this is denied me. I end up being the one who helps her write papers, deal with life events, help her with office politics, and etc.

She has not been seeing other people up until this event. It hurts because I can bring her out and show her a good time as well as buy her presents and the like, have great sex with her, but then the entire magic is ruined when I am then expected to assist with her life and stress. None of the other guys are put in this spot, and I resent that I am always viewed for both utility and fun, instead of just being able to have fun with her.

I feel like our history and her expectations are holding back what we cold be, but perhaps I am just wishing for what isn't. This girl does love me, and she has had my back during bad times; then again she was the cause of equally as many bad times in which I was on my own.

I am not perfect. I smoke too much weed, and I "push" issues when I should back off due to the stress/anxiety levels of all parties involved. Last time, I ended up flipping a table with coffee and debri on it. I know this was very wrong, but I also feel like I put up with a alot and am doing the best I can. It was wrong, but I was melting down and had to release stress somehow....I would never even dream of touching her despite the fact that she sees no issue striking me.

I love this girl and have since I met her. I have never loved anyone else like I do her. I do not want to lose her. When we are apart I feel terrible.

That said she does not want to see me after I flipped the table, somewhat due to her abusive past and somewhat due to it being an easy out for a month or two while this issue calms down. We will be back together, as she always does this, and then reaches out to me or I her.

Somehow, I want to be ready to be strong enough to deal with her issues and to have handled my own by the time I start seeing her again. I don't know what to do as it kills me inside that she will just run around with some other fling to have fun until she decides I have groveled enough or she misses me enough.

I want to stop smoking weed, I want to fix my death grip masturbation problem so that sex is better between us, I want to fix our combative relationship, I want to fix her lack of self confidence and ability to handle things independently, and I want to be with her without interference or issue.

Please give me any advice you can. I have tried so hard, and I just want to make this work for us. I know she loves me, but I also know she has unreasonably high expectations. I know she loves me, but I know she has her own emotional issues. I know she loves me, but I know she will entertain fuck buddies if I upset her when she is in a fragile state.

This girl is the only person I love. I don't believe this is an obsession or anything of that nature. I just cannot relate to anyone or love anyone like I love her. When we are getting along things are amazing, and when we fight things are explosive. I want to figure out how to keep everything on an even keel. I want to fiigure out how to make her feel special and loved, because I can often be too honest or blunt.

Thanks for listening

TLDR: Guy loves girl, who also loves him, but who acts impulsively and illogically. Guy is loving, but sometimes yells or acts out during stressful conversations. Girl expects a lot of guy, and guy is happy to do what he can, but cannot do all. Guy is jealous and hurt b.c girl isn't above teaching him a lesson via entertaining fuck buddies.

EDIT: I made a profile on an online dating site. I even messaged a few women. I don't know if I could actually act on anything after a date, but I can at least be friendly and meet all of these women that you claim are sane out there.

I never had a sane family and I really have no idea what a relationship is supposed to be aside from two people sticking together against life, and occasionally fighting.

Summary:
I know she loves me, but I know she has her own emotional issues.
I just cannot relate to anyone or love anyone like I love her.
I do not want to lose her.
This girl is the only person I love.
I was not, and she knew it.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
