Original Response:
Not sure if this is the appropriate subreddit, please redirect me if it's not. 

Was seeking out advice on what to do about a situation that is affecting my family right now.  Some details have been changed a bit to provide anonymity but I’m not sure if that is even safe as these people have been hacking into stuff and have a knack for super sleuthing. 

My brother had an “online relationship” with someone for a few months. He changed some details about himself, wasnt completely honest and eventually ended up breaking it off with this girl. This girl and her friends have since hacked all of his email and social media accounts-put my brother on blast via social media and threatened my brothers career by finding out all the projects past and current he has been working on as well as his current employer (all details that werent freely given during the duration of the ‘relationship’) as well as sent him pictures of his house with threatening messages implying that they will be causing harm to his person, personal life, and career. 

I have proof that they have been hacking into his accounts as they were bragging about it and I have several screenshots proving this and the threatening messages they have sent out. They also made a post asking their followers if they would like his home address so that he could “get knocked the fuck out”. Now my brother is an adult, and petty cyber bullying is one thing, but threatening his career, his safety and publishing his personal info to thousands of people seems psychotic and scary to me. Make no mistake, I do not agree with what my brother did, as far as carrying on an online relationship with someone you had no intention of ever making a real physical relationship as well as hiding and skewing details about yourself to remain anonymous (my brother has a somewhat public career) but people do this everyday. It does not in anyway make it ok for these people to be harassing him the way they have been. I told him early last week that he needs to file a report because all of this is the very definition of cyber stalking and is a crime. He went to the police dept they brushed him off told him to file online with the FBI and that situations like this rarely if ever get resolved and if they do get looked at, it will usually take months or years to make any headway. This is absolutely ludicrious to me, but my brother had pretty much threw up his hands as the police dept didnt seem concerned or to take him seriously. 

Now things have escalated to a terrifying degree. Four days ago, my brother received an anonymous package in the mail. He had been tipped off that this was a package from the online girl. I advised him not to open so he tossed it, as god knows what was inside. (keep in mind that he had never provided his address, this girl and her friends stalked him and found it by their own means) The situation is starting to play like a Lifetime Movie- and though worried, my brother was comforted by the fact that this girl lives thousands of miles away from him….until 2 days ago. Brother was woken up to loud banging on back door. He peeked out side window and saw the online girl and her friends (who have also been harassing him) standing outside waiting in the middle of the night!!! They eventually left. Shaken up, my brother called the police dept again they said there is nothing they can do about it. They next day, my brother went to work as usual-
The neighbor called him early in the afternoon to let him know that a few girls went and knocked on his door (neighbors door) and asked when my brother usually comes home. The neighbor felt something was off and told them he had no idea then called my brother to let him know. My brother immediatly left the office and headed to the police station to try and document these new developments and they did the same thing. Shooed him away. He even showed them screenshots and evidence of their threats and bragging about hacking all his accounts and they dont seem to care. 

This is all absolutely insane to me. I dont understand how nothing can be done about this. Someone who goes through these lengths to harass someone else is obviously unhinged and I am worried about my brothers safety. My brother is also scared. He has put a surveillance camera outside his house and recorded their car (the same one that he saw drive off when they came over the first night) drive slowly by his house 10 times. They also left another package (about the size of a shoebox) outside his house this morning. This one was not delivered by post, it was dropped off by them personally. I have many other insane details and events to provide but I’m wary of giving out all in this public post and would feel more comfortable discussing this privately. This whole thing has me extremely paranoid and I wouldnt put it passed them to be tracking my online activity as well, thus alerting them to this post. What can we do to make law enforcement take this situation seriously, or are there any organizations that deal with stalking and harassment that can help my brother get this handled? I’m scared, my brother is scared, Please Help!

UPDATE: He ended up taking package #2 to police about an hour after I posted. They gloved up and opened it. The contents was pretty anti-climatic and non threatening (not a bomb, or rusty razors) but it was not something someone would be thrilled to receive. (I'm uncomfortable detailing the contents because I dont want the offender to be tipped off to this post--I'm super paranoid at this point because of all of the stuff that has been happening.) They basically shrugged off my brother again, and just advised that he not open/dispose of future "gifts" or suspicious packages. As someone said here it could be a bomb or something awful but they dont really seem to be concerned about this. Pulling my hair out here at this point. Im so far away and I dont know what to do to help. 

Update#2:
Just posted this in comment, but figured I should update post with it- Last night (morning around 4:30am) 4 girls and what looked to be like a male driver (he was still sitting in car) showed up to the his house banging on door incessantly. Brother called cops, they told him to just ignore them and stop calling. He called back after he was hung up on, they said they were transferring him to someone who had his case file up and they just disconnected him. They left at this point. He called back AGAIN and they told him again to stop calling as there is nothing they can do if stalkers left. 

This is all so disheartening. I have been reading a lot of articles and case files on similar situations and they all don't look promising. Officers arent trained to handle Stalking especially cyber stalking elements correctly-so more often than not it gets swept under the rug until something does happen like murder or serious injury. How sad and scary for my family and anyone else who has had to suffer from this truly terrifying experience. 

I'm kind of giving up here. Thank you all for contributing and trying to help. If there are any harassment or stalking  organizations with resources for victims I would really appreciate the info. I have a few already but wouldn't hurt to expand on that list. Again, thank you for your time

TLDR: Brother’s online relationship turned sour. Girl went crazy. Stalked and hacked into all my brothers accounts. Made threats of assault, flew thousands of miles to my brother’s city. Keeps driving by house, antagonizing neighbors. Leaving weird packages. Police are doing nothing. Please Help!!!

Summary:
Stalked and hacked into all my brothers accounts.
He had been tipped off that this was a package from the online girl.
They left at this point.
My brother is also scared.
Im so far away and I dont know what to do to help.
Shaken up, my brother called the police dept again they said there is nothing they can do about it.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
