Original Response:
This is so hard. I am trying to figure out if I should end my 5.5 year relationship, and if so, HOW.  I never post on this kind of thing, but right now I'm at my wit's end. I don't have a lot of close friends to talk to these kind of things about, and I'm in desperate need of advice. I've barely eaten in a week because I am positively sick over this.

(By the way, I'm 26, he's 31)

Anyway, I apologize if this is super long but I figure the more information I give, the better advice I'll receive, if anyone is willing to take the time to help me.

I met my fiance 5.5 years ago at work.  Up until that point, I'd never had a real boyfriend--I'd dated a bit, but I always liked being single and having my independence. I got bored with guys really easily, and I know I've broken quite a few hearts. Not something I'm proud of, but it happened. Anyway, I met this guy at work and we really clicked. We started hanging out more and more, but I was unwilling to commit to him, as I just didn't do commitment. After a few months, and him constantly asking what was going on with us, he was fed up with me not wanting to commit, and threatened to walk away. With every other boy I'd dated up to this point, that was a huge relief, but it was different with him. We got along so well and the thought of losing him broke my heart, so I agreed to be with him.

The first couple years of our relationship was great. We had a ton of fun together, and I knew I had met my soulmate. We moved in together after a year... we continued to work together, live together, did everything together. We were absolutely perfect and couldn't have been happier.

Anyway, the main problem for the last four years has been with work and money. In the 5.5 years we've been together he's had 13 different jobs and has been unemployed for a few short periods. It seems every job he gets, he either hates so much that he has to look for something that doesn't make him want to kill himself, he gets laid off, or he can't pay his bills on the hours they give him.  I've always been the stable one, job-wise.  The thing is, I've worked with him before and know what a hard worker he is. He gives 110% at every job he works, so I always dismissed his situation as not his fault and bad luck. He's currently at another job where he's not even getting 20 hours a week. (He was iffy about taking it, but his last job was 12 hours a week, and these guys told him they'd "make it worth his while" to come work for them. Ugh.)

For years, I always said I didn't mind paying more than my half of the bills, paying for all the gas, buying all the food... we were in this together and I would do anything for him. But I realize now that it is wearing on me. A lot. I'm exhausted all the time. In addition to working 40+ hours a week at my current job, I'm about to get another part time job. It should be easy, and a REALLY great opportunity that I'm thrilled about, but the fact of the matter is I'm going to be working 45-50 hours a week, and he's doing about 18-19.  He says he's just got to stick it out where he is and hope he gets more hours. I understand that, but at the same time I wish he would try to find something else. He says no one will hire him for part time if he doesn't have open availability, and no one will hire him because of how much he's moved from job to job... instead of even putting any effort into finding something else on the off chance that someone might hire him, he spends all of his days off just watching movies and sleeping. His lack of motivation is driving me crazy.

Now, I love working and being busy. This is the first time in my life I've felt really good about my financial situation and the stability of it... except for the fact that now I'm paying the majority of the bills. Sometimes I think that I could never afford to live on my own, but now I realize that he's not even contributing that much, and I think I would rather have to pay that tiny portion more and know that I'm solely responsible for myself and no one else. Being around him completely stresses me out. I get frustrated that he still smokes even though he can't pitch in for gas, I fret every day about what I'm going to feed him (I don't eat much, but I can't afford to keep the fridge full for him), I've become very possessive over what's mine and what's his. I work till sometime between 10pm and 12am most nights, and still get up at 5am to drive him to work on the days he does work (he doesn't have a car so we share mine).

We used to be attached at the hip, and my entire adult life has revolved around being with him and taking care of him... and I just feel like I'm ready for my independence back. I'm tired of being responsible for someone else--I don't even ever want kids, but I feel like I have one now. I've started spending more time alone, not taking him with me everywhere I go, and it feels GOOD. I've missed this.

Another problem is, I'm not physically attracted to him anymore. I have a hard time even kissing him, and I can't remember the last time we even had sex. We live like roommates, and he doesn't initiate anything anymore because he can see that I'm not into it. I feel awful, but I can't do it either.

It's just so hard, because he's still the nicest, most genuine, loving person I know. He's got an amazing heart, and most girls would consider themselves lucky to be with him. I don't even know how I would tell him any of this, or if I even need to! I don't know if this is a phase, or if it's just the last 4 years of frustration finally taking its toll on me, and we're done. Am I being selfish, or have I put in enough time and energy to say that it's not going to work now?

I don't know how he would fare on his own though. I'm confident that I'd be fine, but I still worry about him.

For the first three years of stress, I was able to say that things were going to get better and we just had to get through this rough patch. I've had a really hard time with our relationship for the past year. I think I pretty much checked out about six months ago. In the last two weeks I realized that I don't have to stay in this, and that scares me to death.  I realized I can't think of anything positive I'm getting out of this relationship. We've had some really good times in the past, and who's to say that we can't have more in the future? But I'm just so tired.

He knows something's up too. He keeps asking if I'm mad at him, and I tell him I'm not... I'm just exhausted. Which is true. I'm not mad, I'm just so tired of this situation. He keeps saying, "I don't want you to resent me for this" and all I can do is stay silent. I can't say I don't. I honestly don't know how to talk to him about it all, especially since he tends to get defensive and he'll just say the job crap isn't his fault.

Oh and we've been engaged for four years and still haven't gotten married. We don't want a wedding but still want it to be special, at least get a honeymoon, so money's the issue again... but I feel like if we haven't gotten married after four years, it's not going to happen.

To make matters worse, I think I'm falling for someone else. I met a guy a couple months back, and he's obviously very interested in me. I'm extremely attracted to him and we have a ton in common. The more I learn about him, the more I like him. I'm not sneaking around or anything, I'm not a cheater... he just hangs out at my work a lot so I have lots of opportunity to talk to him. But I feel like a HORRIBLE girlfriend when I'm with my fiance, but I can't get another guy off my mind.

Reddit, do you think I should stick it out and hope for the best, or is it best to just end it? Have you ever ended a LTR, and if so, how?

TL;DR: Been in relationship for 5+ years, realizing it's taking a huge toll on me financially and emotionally, very unhappy, don't know if I should end it or hang in there.

Summary:
I can't say I don't.
He knows something's up too.
I'm exhausted all the time.
I've had a really hard time with our relationship for the past year.
I met my fiance 5.5 years ago at work.
I don't know how he would fare on his own though.
But I'm just so tired.
Anyway, I met this guy at work and we really clicked.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
