Original Response:
N: I really want to talk to you. Do you have a minute?

G: I'm really sorry but I don't. I have a meeting at 8:30. I'll text you after.

N: Ok

G: hey

N: Hey. I have a few questions/statements for you.

G: K... Go ahead.

N: If you don't perchance have any meetings in the forseeable near future. Well, firstly, I am surprised at your lack of communication recently. I feel like you think I should not be surprised seeing as your forewarned me of it. But yet, I am a bit baffled, in that past experience shows you enjoy talking to me, at least somewhat. i.e. You texted me often during winter break. Care to comment?

D: It's a lot easier for me to text over break when I've got a lot of free time. Here, I'm almost always busy and forget to text people back a lot of the time.

N: Ok. I don't want to unnecessarily read into your actions.  Just on my end, I still have thoughts about those smiley moments I had when you told me we were going to watch a 4-hour movie and eat breakfast. And because I think those thoughts, I guess recently, especially because of that heavy conversation we had, I have been wondering if you don't want that from me anymore.

G: Nicholas, I like hanging out with you and everything, but when we talked I realized that we really don't want the same things at all.

N: Ok. Then to clarify, you're looking for a "friends with benefits" situation wherein you can freely disappear and reappear with no associated feelings of uneasiness?

G: Yeah, basically. I know that might sound bad, but at this point in time I feel like that's kind of the only thing that works with my personality.

N: Ok.

G: And I do think you kind of knew that.

N: To be completely honest, part of me thinks you're full of shit, considering how you have still partaken a bunch of lovey-dovey crap with me, after I told you, before anything happened at all, that I'm an evergreen. That I turned a new leaf, and I just don't hook up. And how when you were on my bed I told you I wasn't sure if I wanted to kiss you, because I wanted to be absolutely sure first. And yet, you told me you felt the same and leaned in yourself. And for me, knowing this, and knowing how smart you are, if you really knew in your heart that you only wanted me for sex, I don't understand why you could be so selfish as to lead me to believe I was something more. I understand that you don't want me to be a homework assignment. Because that's what I sort of understand is your definition of a boyfriend. I have told you many times that I just wanted to be your friend. But now you’re basically pulling the whole guy who hits it and quits it and leaves in the morning type of deal.

G: What do you mean

N: Do you really not understand what I am saying? I'll try again.

G: Homework assignment?

N: I feel like you view having a boyfriend-y relationship as something that is not very fun to do, but everyone thinks you should do it and maintain it, because, like homework, doing your homework is a good thing. But besides your anti-boyfriend attitude. I am just genuinely surprised that despite all of the things we shared together in conversation, and the things we shared when we weren’t talking. Despite all of that, you do not want to view me as something more than a guy you hook up with. Not even a "close friend". Because in my world, when I share the types of things I shared with you with people, they become people I trust and care about. And are more than just trivial acquaintances. 

G: Look, Nick... maybe I thought I could do that with you, but I don't think so anymore.

N: Ok. Thanks I guess. I wish you could understand how cold you are acting.

G: I really am sorry?

N: It's not cool. I just want you to know something. If you can't understand what I'm feeling right now and your personality prevents you from even tasting just a smidgen of the melancholy I am feeling, then there is no way you can be "really sorry". That's bullshit.

G: I'm trying to be empathetic and that's hard for me, but I am trying.

N: I just want you to know. That even if we will not have a romantic relationship. What you've shown me. This side of you who is uncaring and myopic and dismissive. It's not the kind of person I would even want to be friends with. At all. And if you're saying that if I put my heart into maintaining a friendship with you, whether it involve hugs and kisses or not, and you plan on doing this because it is just part of your nature, I just want to let you know, you will no longer be my friend. Because I don't let people who treat me badly be inside of my circle of trust. I can't be friends with someone who ignores me and leads me on and abuses my emotions.

G: I'm not fucking ignoring you, I've been really busy. I told you this would happen.

N: It's fine. We don't define a friendship even remotely the same way.

G: Are you just trying to make me feel like a shitty person right now?

N: No. I'm telling you how I feel. And that shit about being busy. With ANY person in my life, if I send them a heartfelt text message, or any message for that matter, and then they simply read it and FORGET IT because they are busy. That hurts my feelings. That's called rejection, G, and it's what makes guys scared of even talking to females.  If you want to be my friend you have to realize that I have feelings, and even though you may not, you live in a world with people full of them, and so I would just suggest that if someone shares their inner feelings with you, you should at least acknolwedge it. Even with a "K". Because what you did is pretty much a lesser equivalent of slamming a door in my face when I reach to open it.

G: You seriously don't think you're making too big of a deal about an email?

N: Not when it's someone I care about as much as you. Not when it's someone who I consider one of my best friends at college. If A-friend or B-friend did the same thing to me, I would feel hurt. If I sent C-friend an email telling him how much I miss him and care about him, and he just never responded, and when I talked to him again he said he read it and forgot about me, I would be hurt.

G: I understand, conceptually, what you're saying, but that is never how I feel in situations like that... maybe I would feel a little pissed, but that's about it. And probably not even that.

N: Then this is where our friendship ends. Bye.

G: Bye.

Summary:
N: I just want you to know.
N: I really want to talk to you.
G: I really am sorry?
G: I'm really sorry but I don't.
I just want you to know something.
I'm telling you how I feel.
It's not the kind of person I would even want to be friends with.
N: Ok

G: hey

N: Hey.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
