Original Response:
My girlfriend and I have been dating for 2 years. We have a great relationship, she's my best friend. We share a lot of the same interests. We both love cooking, reading, enjoy the same television series, and most importantly - working out. We work out 4-5 days a week, and follow relatively strict bodybuilding diets. We have ambitions of one day competing in physique competitions. 

She has been attempting to lose weight for the majority of our relationship. (I should mention she is not overweight, she is about 5'1 125lbs, but has a goal of a fitness model's physique). She has had some success (lost about 8-10 pounds of the course of maybe 16 months). However, that equates to roughly .5 lbs lost per month. Far less than what her diet dictates she should be losing. For a long time she convinced me that she had no idea why this was. We attributed it to a slower than average metabolism, inaccurate food intake tracking, and even a potential thyroid issue. She had a lot of symptoms that could be associated with a thyroid issue, and it seemed to make sense in my mind, so I urged her to get the tests done. However, this was negative, and it later came out that she has been snacking, and breaking her diet all along. 

At first she would say "Oh, I have random bites of things, like my mom/friend would make something and I'd have a little bite". Later, she admitted that there were occasions when she would have entire bowls of ice cream, or chips, or what have you. I felt really foolish and confused why she would lie to me, and even go so far as have me believe she had a thyroid condition. I told her the lying has to stop. I tried to tell her that this is completely normal, people have lapses in their diet, you just have to adjust and carry on. I also told her that she shouldn't feel the need to lie to me about her food consumption - it is her diet. I only want to help and support her; if she doesn't want to live the "bodybuilding" lifestyle that is completely her choice. 

So essentially for the better part of a year, her weight has stayed within the same +5/-5 range. All the while assuring me she had no idea what was causing it, trying different diets, etc. Meanwhile, she'd just be snacking at home. This all came to head about a month ago, and we had a big discussion and things have improved since then. However, every week or two she has a lapse that she'll neglect to tell me about. For instance, last night she admitted that a few days ago she had a piece of cake and didn't track it in her calorie count. (Note: She knows she can have anything she wants, as long as she fits it in to her calorie limit for the day. If she wanted that piece of cake, all she had to do was fit it in to her calorie count). Every time I reassure her that if she would have told me, I would have helped her. I could have suggested that she track it, and either do some extra cardio tomorrow, or eat a little bit less and it would have been a non issue, and would not affect her weight loss goal. But instead she doesn't track it, and doesn't tell me about it, and for the life of me I can't understand why.

I am very open to the fact that she may feel forced to do this lifestyle, so don't be apprehensive to suggest that. I have tried to tell her countless times that if she doesn't want to follow these strict diets and work out routines, that she doesn't have to and that it is her choice. But she insists that she does, and that it is absolutely what she wants. So I can't understand why she continually sabotages herself, and hides it from me when all I wish to do is help. Every time we talk about it, she becomes very emotional and says that she doesn't know why she does it, and it frustrates her beyond belief. She realizes how stupid and silly it all is, and she doesn't mean to hurt me by lying. But the truth is, it really does hurt. I can't continue being lied to, and I've expressed this to her. 

We've had issues with her lying before as well. She used to be really bad with her money before we started dating. She worked for a full year after High School and had absolutely nothing left to show for it. I helped her learn how to save, and be smarter with her money. In the beginning there were a few times she would spend money and lie to me about it for no reason. For example she would go to the mall and buy two shirts and say she spent $25, when really she spent $50. Again, I didn't understand why she did this. It's her money and she can spend it how she likes, I wouldn't get mad. I'd become mad that she lied to me about it, not that she spent the money in the first place. I may have questioned if she really needed two more shirts, or if the money could have been better spent. She would always say that she lied because she knew she shouldn't have done it and didn't want to disappoint me. It's possible that I accidentally come off as intimidating and hard to confess these mistakes and brief lapses of imperfection to, and I've acknowledged this and tried to learn from it. Regardless, she has become great with her money, and through working two jobs and saving relentlessly, has managed to pay her way through college in full. She no longer (as far as I know) lies to me about what she spends.

Another bit of information: We're supposed to be moving to a new city together at the beginning of September. This involves signing onto a 1 year lease for an apartment that neither of us will be able to afford if something were to happen. I feel very apprehensive of signing this lease, because I'm unsure if the constant lying is likely to change. However, there is nothing I want more. 

**TL;DR: My girlfriend consistently sabotages her own diet and goals, and keeps it from me and I don't know why.**

Summary:
However, there is nothing I want more.
She no longer (as far as I know) lies to me about what she spends.
I told her the lying has to stop.
Every time I reassure her that if she would have told me, I would have helped her.
I can't continue being lied to, and I've expressed this to her.
Again, I didn't understand why she did this.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
