Original Response:
I've been with my girlfriend for almost 4 years now, in fact next month will be our 4th anniversary. But things have been very shaky for the past year.

I found out that she was seeing her ex behind my back last year, and this had been going on for a few months. Let me explain how I found out.

Back in August of 2014, my girlfriend Mel started acting very distant to me. Our sex life died not too long after that. 

2014 was a rough year when it came to finances, and we were being harassed by solicitors. People wanted to mow our lawns, do landscaping as well as other jobs. We had a No Soliciting sign on our door, but people kept coming and it got to the point to where some of these people would knock on our door, want us to give them a job and after being declined because we are both capable of taking care of our own house, they wouldn't leave. I had to call the police on four people because they wouldn't leave our property.

Mel doesn't like confrontation, and one of the times one of these assholes came to the door she was home alone and the person wanting money would not leave and then started trying to get into our back yard. I had to come home from work to kick these two guys off of our property. Before I left work, Mel had called me to tell me what was going on and I told her to just call the police and that started a big argument.

Mel can not stand confrontation, unless it is with me. I forgot what the argument was actually about, but I know I was mad that she wouldn't just call the police herself and that I had to leave my job to go take care of this. Her argument was that she shouldn't have to deal with this sort of crap in her life and that it was my fault that we live in the ghetto. This argument came around July I believe.

Jump ahead a few months, in December of 2014 she stopped sleeping in the same bed as me and would prefer to sleep on the couch. Jump to January 2015, where she would wake up, or maybe not even go to sleep, and I would wake up because I am a light sleeper. I heard her talking and laughing but we were the only ones at the house. This went on every single night. When I asked about it she would get very defensive, very angry, and accuse me of snooping. My thoughts were as such, "if nothing was going on, why would she act that way?" So then I began to actually snoop into her private life.

Valentines 2015 was a disaster, she obviously didn't want to be with me, but then she turned around and complained we don't spend enough time together.

Easter 2015 we hosted an Easter party with my parents, her mom and some friends. While there, her mom and my mom asked me when I was going to propose to Mel (oh yeah, I should touch on that subject), so I joked around with her mom and mine about getting married, and Mel said, under her breath but just loud enough to hear, "that'll never happen." I called her out on it in front of everyone and she acted clueless and claimed she was talking about something else. No one else heard what she said so I dropped it. This was the tipping point.

April 2015, college is in full effect and I am up to my ears in class projects. I'm getting my BA in I.T. Administration so my projects include programming software and hardware, as well as configuring and troubleshooting servers. A lot of thinking going on, and some of my project mates were starting to annoy the living hell out of me with their complaints and constant whining. Going back to college in your mid/late 20s is frustrating when you are working alongside 18 year olds that have never held a job or worked in a professional setting but are being forced to work as if they are actually already working as I.T. Admins. Tensions were high at home and in class for me. Don't worry, my semester GPA was a 4.0!

At home, Mel was very distant to me, hardly ever talked to me and was treating me like her servant rather than her boyfriend that she loved (oh yeah, another subject to touch on). She has never told me she loves me. Never. She said she didn't want to throw the word around without it having meaning. I understand, for the first 3 months we were seeing each other that is. By now were were almost at year 3 of being together.

One evening, while in class, I decided to gain access to her email account, her Facebook account and some other social accounts to see if I could find anything going on. I found out she had been seeing her ex boyfriend while I was in class and at work.

On her ex's birthday, we'll call him Jerry to ease confusion, Jerry reserved a hotel room for him and Mel to stay in while I was scheduled to work two 16 hour shifts at work. She said she was going to be house sitting for one of her clients that she does house sit for. Oh yeah, Mel is a dog groomer and pet sitter, just FYI. Since it was a client I knew, I didn't think anything of it. I found documentation that Jerry had bought her lingerie to wear for his birthday and that Mel planned an entire weekend to celebrate his birthday before the real celebration would begin.

I had logs of their conversations starting in August of 2014 up to April of 2015. Remember when I said Mel has never said she loved me to me? She wrote "I love you" to Jerry EVERY. SINGLE. NIGHT before she would log off for bed. There were messages talking about how great it felt being in each others embrace, how they each enjoyed yesterdays "play session" and more. I'm getting pissed off writing this, so let's move on.

As I was reading the messages, I noticed they were actively talking online. Mel proposed to pick up Jerry, bring him to our house, just to cuddle and hang out. Well, I decided the most rational thing to do was to save the logs and messages to my laptop, tell my project mates I was feeling ill and head home. Went ensued was not very good.

I got home, she was on her laptop and said she wasn't expecting me to be home so early. I told her I knew what was going on, explaining what I had found to her. She was mad that I invaded her privacy and I was mad that she cheated on me. It was a very terrible argument.

I'm going to tell the TL;DR version of it for you. I said I can never trust her, she said nothing was going on and that it was all pretend. But she fucked up by saying all that she would do with Jerry was watch Netflix and chill. She said he cancelled the hotel reservation and that she actually was at her clients house that weekend.

So, we are still together, for some reason. What followed the situation was, she didn't call the police on me and I told her I wouldn't throw all of her belongings on the curb.

Jump to 2016. She is back to sleeping on the couch, I don't trust anything she says, and our relationship is more like a roommate agreement now. My mom found out she cheated on me and now my mom hates Mel and Mel hates my mom. That has caused fights between Mel and I as well, even though her mom doesn't approve of me and that is "OK".

I'm treated like a second class citizen and Mel does nothing around the house. She used to clean around the house, now she lets it pile up and that starts fights. If I ask her to do anything we agreed I would do around the house she ignores me and get defensive. It's simple shit, like our trash didn't get put out to the curb last week because I was asked to come into work early and she had the day off. When I asked her about it, she said it was my responsibility, so I reminded her that the living room looks like shit and that was her responsibility. She will just not do her laundry if I forgot to take my clothes out of the dryer, but just today, and it happens all of the time, she asked me to put her wet clothes into the dryer and then put them on the couch when they are done. I didn't do it because I'm not her slave. She is supposed to clean pots, pans and similar cooking tools. I'm a guy, I forgot what the thing is called you use to bake stuff in. I am supposed to clean everything else in the kitchen. Well we don't have anything to cook dinner in, but she is complaining that the counters aren't clean. So are we supposed to not eat dinner because the counters aren't spic and span? Where's the logic?? It's just laziness and excuses.

I'm not perfect, I'll admit that. I don't want it to seem one sided but it kind of is. I have unproductive days, but she has had unproductive months. She was supposed to put the Christmas tree away. I put it away last month. Our Christmas tree was up for 4 months. Why didn't I take it down earlier? She said she would take care of it and that she didn't want me to mess up her organization.

I think the worst thing about it is the lack of support and the distrust. I used to be very active in the world of electronics and computing. I used to go to conventions and expos multiple times a year. Now, my self esteem is just too fucked up and I feel like if leave for a weekend she is just going to go sleep with some other guy or Jerry. I have no personal life because if I want to go do something, she will more than likely try to manipulate me by saying I'd rather spend time with other people than her, but we don't spend time together as it is.

Honestly, I'd rather spend time with other people than her at this point. I don't imagine us having another anniversary after this one. I can't imagine us staying together.

I haven't been able to focus at work, which is kind of an important thing because I want a promotion, and I haven't been able to focus on other things I enjoy like game development or just playing video games. 

I don't know what to do. I've grown comfortable being around her, but now I don't want her around me. It's a major case of she is already here, no need to search for a girlfriend.

I'm lost in a sea of despair. The answer is probably going to be to leave Mel, but then I'd have to find a new roommate to help pay the bills.

Oh yeah, I've proposed to her 3 times, each time with a no. I stopped caring about marrying her at this point.
   
TL;DR: My girlfriend of almost 4 years cheated on me, makes me feel like shit and is very lazy. I'm treated like a servant and I'm not happy. What can I do to change this so I can be happy again?

Summary:
I don't know what to do.
I didn't do it because I'm not her slave.
Let me explain how I found out.
She said she was going to be house sitting for one of her clients that she does house sit for.
She has never told me she loves me.
I put it away last month.
I found out that she was seeing her ex behind my back last year, and this had been going on for a few months.
My mom found out she cheated on me and now my mom hates Mel and Mel hates my mom.
I heard her talking and laughing but we were the only ones at the house.
She wrote "I love you" to Jerry EVERY.
Remember when I said Mel has never said she loved me to me?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.20
