Original Response:
I apologize ahead of time for my poor writing skills... 

I(M19) met my girlfriend(F20) a few years ago at a family gathering but at first we didn't hit it off and in fact it turns out that we were both intimidated by one another. In September of 2012, we met again at a family BBQ and this marked the beginning of our relationship. The only reason i went to the party was to see her and we talked more then all the other times combined. Things were going good until i had to go to leave and go to school; I thought this was the end but she begged me to come back later that night. When i came back to the party, she decided to confess her love for me. At this point she was tipsy and i was having a hard time believing it all. All throughout the night she was talking to me and asking me if i really liked her and all i wanted to do was give her a big kiss and show her how much i truly adored her. The big problem with this was another family friend(M15) was trying to hang around and keep her away from me. Finally, i was fed up with waiting and i took her onto the balcony and i gave her a big kiss under the moon. It was then time for her to leave and we spent the whole night texting and getting to know each other.

 
The next few months proved to be hard since our relationship was mostly long distance. We didn't really start to see each other often until this spring. In the fall and winter months we had 4 dates but they were amazing and memorable. 

 
Things started to get better but also go downhill around Christmas time. I went to her house for a Christmas party we took tons of pictures and took the time before the party to kiss and enjoy each others company. Later that evening the party started to take off and we started drinking alcohol and dancing. Most of the night after this is a blur but we both remember disappearing for nearly two hours in the garage. After throwing up and taking a shower i went to sleep in her living room on a blow up mattress and her being drunk wanted to sleep with me too. We both fell asleep and in the middle of the night she woke me up and we started fooling around while other people were in the room sleeping. She thought we should go to her room and after me telling her it was a bad idea the alcohol convinced me that it was a good idea although her parents room was right next to hers. Although she's an adult her Stepmother treats her like a child and me going in her room was very disrespectful. We went into her room and decided that we shouldn't have sex since we didn't have a condom and we just cuddled and started to fall asleep. A few minutes later her mom comes in and turns the lights and shes in complete shock. I'm just don't know what to do and my girlfriend advises me to go to the living room. Her mom then beat the shit out of my girlfriend and i just lay away the whole night realizing that i should have known the was a horrible idea and i could have stopped it. I sat in the couch all morning staring at my girlfriends door from the living room and i had both her phone and mines. Although it was awake i had no way to talk to her until she finally decided to come out that afternoon. We went downstairs and i decided to apologize for ruining everything and for getting her in trouble. She really thought it was a bad dream and when i told her it really happened she knew we were in deep trouble. I dragged her upstairs and we sat down with her mom and i apologized and took the blame. We then sat down with her dad and we told him the same thing. Although the trust was broken i was forgiven and things were awkward but overall good the next two days.

 
In the spring time my girlfriend built up the courage to ask her parents if i could come over again. She agreed to their terms that i would be allowed to come spend a few days over there but she wouldn't be allowed to come to my house. I thought that this would be OK for now and when we rebuilt some of the trust then i would ask them to reconsider. I went to her house Mid-March and things took a toll for the worse again. The sexual tension between us built up and since we were alone downstairs she was playing with me under the blankets and then there was blood. I am uncircumcised and while she was touching she pulled back too far and she ripped a piece of skin. There was blood everywhere and i went to her parents and lied and said that i ripped it cleaning myself in the shower. After showing her dad my bleeding penis he said i would be ok after a week. Later that night i had to catch the train home and this is when my girlfriend said her step-mom called her house saying that she was too rough and that she sent me home with a broken dick. I was on the train thinking that everything was ruined and that i could never show my face around there but her mom thought it was funny and she seemed to not care at all. Two weeks later i went to her house again for Easter.


I saw her again for her birthday on mothers day weekend. Everything went fine and we had no issues or embarrassing moments. Everything went well, her mom was being nice to me, and i even met her grandparents. We took tons of pictures and everyone was happy. This is when things started to get really bad tho. After i left the following days her mom was telling her that she shouldn't date me because i'm lazy and i don't have ambitions and i don't have a job. I told my girlfriend to ignore it because i didn't want her to get in trouble but she was getting tired of it. This leads up to yesterday, yesterday my girlfriend grew tired of it and she told her mom that all this shit she was hearing were lies and that her mom has no control in her relationships. Her mom flipped out and punched my girlfriend in the face and my girlfriend lost it and slapped her in the face and told her that she was done with her bullshit and she was gonna leave.  My girlfriend mom then had a breakdown and started crying and apologizing and that she didn't mean to hit her but she's just be having a bad month.

 

My girlfriend and i talked last night and i'm tired of putting her through this non-sense. I was thinking about breaking up with her so she wouldn't have to deal with this but she said that's the last thing she wanted and she would go through anything for me. I said OK and that i would try and make things right. Next time i go to her house i'm going to sit down with her mom one on one and talk to her about all of these rumors shes hearing. The fact that she can judges me on what other people say is almost childish, I'm gonna let her tell me everything she thinks she knows and i'm gonna separate facts from rumors.

 
tl;dr- My girlfriend(F20) and I(M19) have been in a relationship and we are very much in love. Our relationship has had its up and downs and we are now facing rumors that have damaged my image. Her step-mom(F36) thinks i'm a lazy bum and shes been doing everything in her power to keep us apart and and convince her daughter to break up with me.

Summary:
We then sat down with her dad and we told him the same thing.
We went downstairs and i decided to apologize for ruining everything and for getting her in trouble.
I'm just don't know what to do and my girlfriend advises me to go to the living room.
This is when things started to get really bad tho.
I said OK and that i would try and make things right.
I went to her house Mid-March and things took a toll for the worse again.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
