Original Response:
Hey everyone,

I've been with my girlfriend for one year and am strongly considering breaking it off because I believe it's become very codependent. This is only my second relationship, my first one lasting only a few months, so I'm also still uncertain. I just want to say that despite the below story, I never found this to be a particularly bad relationship. There isn't any animosity, and we have fun and like being around each other, which is what makes this decision so hard. This is probably going to seem like a common story, but here goes. 


I met my girlfriend one year ago, on this day actually. I was initially attracted to her because of her independence, hobbies, and career goals. She dedicated herself to a graduate medical program in order to apply for med schools. She was very busy with school and friends and we hung out once or twice a week, which was great for me. 


Once she graduated from the program two months later, she had a year before med school. All of her friends in the program moved away and she was stuck doing a temp 9-5 job. I was the only person in the area she knew, and I felt her slowly demanding more and more of me. She stopped doing her hobbies, such as painting and crafting, and spent more time trying to be with me. 


She would call me almost twice a day, once after work and another later that night or before bed. Once the conversation would lull and I would go to hang up, she would get upset and want me to stay on the phone in dead silence for sometimes 10 minutes because she "liked being in my presence." She would constantly exclaim how much she missed me, even if I saw her earlier that day. When I would leave on trips for a few days, she would text me every few hours asking for updates on what I was doing. She said she needed to know because she cared about me and that other people were asking her what I was doing. If I didn't respond to a text within an hour, she would ask if I was okay or reply with question marks. I tried explaining that I'm sometimes busy and can't respond to texts, but she said I should respect her needs and it only takes 2 seconds anyway.


When I went to my friend's wedding, she was upset she was getting more updates from my friends than myself, even though I was sending frequent pictures and texts. She called me later that night crying because she saw a video where I danced with another female friend whom I have no attraction to.


She would constantly want to hang out. I was okay with the 2-3 days a week, but we ended up spending almost every weekend together and trying for a few weekdays. It got to the point where she would invite herself over and sit on the couch doing nothing because she just wanted to be around me while I was doing something else. She also would try to get me to come over to her place by hinting at sex or saying she was too afraid to sleep alone. She once begged me to come over late at night because I was going on a trip in a few days, and I ended up watching her fold laundry for an hour and then we went to bed. I would explain that I need alone time, and she said she understood, but then would say I also need to respect her needs.


It was becoming suffocating. I'm pretty introverted and enjoy my alone time, and I don't feel the need to tell people what I'm doing, or really care what they're doing all the time. I felt like I was never given a chance to actually miss her. The few times when she didn't contact me all day, which was either a special circumstance where she was busy or she was spiting 
me, I actually did want to talk to her and initiated calls and texts.


There were a few other indicators that made me suspect she was codependent:

- I confronted her about some of our issues a few months ago. I didn't like where it was going, and explained how I thought our different needs kept conflicting and nothing was changing. She had a panic attack and said she would do anything for me, would never break up with me unless I started hitting her, and that she needed me and just wanted to die without me. This freaked me out a lot and I haven't shaken that feeling in the months since.

- She seemed to care about my happiness more than her own needs. When she really wanted me to go visit her parents one time, but I didn't, after an hour of calling my reasons not good enough, she conceded literally saying that my happiness was more important than her wants. During heated conversations about our relationship, she would complain about changing her schedule for me, how she felt afraid to text me or hang out too much in case I didn't like it. She said she had actively suppressed her need to contact me so I wouldn't get mad.  

- I found out she had a history of being in long, abusive relationships, where she was the victim of sexual and physical abuse. She has told no one about these relationships except for me and refuses to talk about it or get help out of shame. I was the first person she found that she actually trusts.

- She also has a strange and possibly abusive relationship with her parents. They treat her anxiety issues and panic attacks as a matter of fact and push the expectation that she has to cook, clean, and be the perfect woman to satisfy me. She always wants me to go with her to visit because they put on a face for me. When she crashed her car, she was rolling on the floor almost puking out of fear of talking to them, I had to handle the whole insurance claim and talk to her parents on her behalf. 


On top of all of this, there is the fact that she will most likely move 1000+ miles away for med school and she wants me to go with her. The only time I have moved in my life was last year to my current place, and I don't want to do it again so soon. The commitment of her request has weighed over me for months as we dealt with these issues. She has the possibility to get into a local med school, the same as her graduate program, however they unfairly fired her from a TA position and she resented them for it. The school is not highly ranked, and she was already accepted into her out-of-state dream school. All of her friends want her to go to the latter school, and most of them live in that area. I'm afraid she might stay local in order to have a shot with me.


This past weekend has been very trying. We had more conflict over a vacation and family visit last week, and I've been building up so much anxiety I couldn't take it. I told her it wasn't working out on Friday, which triggered another panic attack. I left without a resolution. She showed up last night to my place and refused to leave for 4 hours. She said we only had one bad week, that I owe her another chance, that I was being influenced by my friends, by work stress, and by a cold to make irrational conclusions about our relationship, that my next relationship would be no different because I won't change, but at the same time says she can change everything for me, that I'm being manipulative by not contacting her enough, that I like having power over her. I don't want this power, and I never asked for it.


We gave ourselves a week break because she refused to accept a breakup. I keep thinking back on what she said, and there's a part of me that wants to go back. Maybe I was too stressed about having to move and didn't see clearly, maybe if she did cut back like the few times when I missed her, maybe the local school would be a better decision like she claims, maybe it would all work out. I don't have the experience to really know, not like I could know anyway, and I've never broken up with someone before. Writing it all down in this post makes the decision seem clearer, but I still want to hear from other people. 


tl:dr
About to breakup with girlfriend, still kinda uncertain. She seems to show codependent behavior: she's sacrificed her wants and suppressed her feelings to keep me happy, during fights she's said she needs me, will never leave me, and will do anything for me. She's going to med school soon and I'm afraid she will accept a local lesser school over her dream out-of-state school to stay with me since I don't want to move.

Summary:
She would constantly want to hang out.
She said she needed to know because she cared about me and that other people were asking her what I was doing.
- She seemed to care about my happiness more than her own needs.
I don't want this power, and I never asked for it.
She would call me almost twice a day, once after work and another later that night or before bed.
I met my girlfriend one year ago, on this day actually.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
