Original Response:
Hi, reddit. I've been lurking this sub for months now, but I've never posted on reddit before. In other words, this is my very first post. 

I want to add some background info first, so I'm sorry if this gets too long. I'll try to keep this brief as possible.

Basically, first of all, I'm very sheltered for someone my age. I still live with my folks. The reason for this is because I have moderate to severe anxiety, mostly triggered by social situations. I've always had anxiety, but since a traumatic experience in the 8th grade, and then spending my last 3 years of high school homeschooled, it got much worse. After graduating high school, I didn't start college due to financial issues, along with the general feeling that I wasn't prepared for it yet in any way. My family has been barely scraping by paycheck to paycheck for years, and college just hasn't been possible for me. 
I also applied for jobs for 2 years endlessly and aggressively, but was never hired due to my great lack in job experience. In addition during this period of time, me and my best friend of 16 years grew apart and went our separate ways.

All of this combined to take a serious hit to my self esteem, which was never very good to begin with. The past 2 years, my self esteem has bit by bit improved, thankfully. Still not perfect, but whose is?
 
So due to all of this, I've never had a boyfriend before. 

Being an ugly duckling in middle school ensured that I never had one of those mutual puppy love situations most people have at that age(aside from serious 1-sided feelings for a guy that took me years to fully get over), and aside from one other guy who kind of liked me in the 9th grade (but was afraid to even talk to me or hold my hand), I had 0 experience with guys in all of high school. And after high school, I was struggling so much with my anxiety and depression and inability to so something with my life that even just the thought of dating was too draining and terrifying for me.

2 years ago, I finally stuck my neck out and went on 2 separate first dates with two guys that I met on Tinder. Both of them were nice, great guys, and we got along fine, but I didn't feel a spark with either of them on my end. 

The last one especially liked me, and I tried so hard to return his feelings, but eventually I realized that you can't force feelings for somebody. I also felt uncomfortable with how close we were getting, and to be honest, deep down I was scared of telling him about my past and all of my issues. So, as a result, I pulled away. I actually ended up ghosting him, which I still feel terrible about, but I had never been in the position of rejecting anyone before and was terrified of hurting him. (Which I of course now realize I probably did anyway when I just disappeared without a trace. I recently apologized to him for this, which he rightfully and understandably ignored.)

So, here we come to my current situation: my crush. I met him on Tinder, and we followed each other on Instagram. After two weeks of passive picture liking and radio silence, he DMed me to tell me I was gorgeous, and we finally started to talk. Immediately, he asked me if we could get lunch sometime, and I said yes.

Two weeks went by without any more conversations or a formal invitation to lunch (with a time and place and all) so I messaged him casually asking if we were still on for lunch. He said yes and apologized, saying that he's been busy trying to arrange plans for a big move. I told him that it was fine and I understood, and then we began to talk again.

He asked me out 2 more times, both of which I had to turn down because I had previous plans, but I told him I was still up for lunch. After that conversation happened...cricket cricket...nothing. He stopped talking to me completely. It's been a month and a half. 

I don't like to text first, but since our last conversation, I have tried texting him twice, a week apart. Ignored both times. I'm afraid that I've somehow pushed him away by saying no to him twice. I'm also afraid to reach out to him only to get ignored a third time and look desperate or crazy. But weirdly, he's still been liking all my pictures on Instagram, so that's...confusing.

I don't usually find guys that I'm attracted to, and this is the first actual crush I've had since high school. I know I don't have feelings for him, it actually takes a lot of time for me to develop serious feelings because of trust issues and my anxiety. In general I get terrified of developing feelings for anybody and make sure that it doesn't happen. 

But this time was the first time I felt that I might be open to having feelings for someone again. And it's not that guys don't like me, because I get asked out often, especially compared to my high school days. So I feel really frustrated that once again I might have ruined my own chances at finally having a boyfriend. I really want to move past this.

Do you guys think my crush just got over me? Do I still have a chance? Or did I push him away with my shyness? How can I get over my extreme fear of dating?

TL;DR: I have 0 experience with men, have never had a boyfriend before. I tend to push potential prospects away out of sheer terror at being judged and hurt after having my adolescent years full of rejection. How can I get over this?

Summary:
How can I get over this?
Do I still have a chance?
So due to all of this, I've never had a boyfriend before.
I don't usually find guys that I'm attracted to, and this is the first actual crush I've had since high school.
And it's not that guys don't like me, because I get asked out often, especially compared to my high school days.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
