Original Response:
So, we've been together for just over 2 years, she's 18, I'm 22. Things have been going well for the most part, we haven't been able to hang out too much because she's at university a lot and we're mainly restricted to meeting on weekends.

Anyway, this weekend I get a feeling something just isn't right. She doesn't seem to want to hang out or spend time with me so I just ask her what's wrong. She says she's feeling a bit distant and that she thinks she might need a break. So we talk about it a little and we agree to it.

I'll go through what's happened since then, first. The next day we talk very little and I decide I'm going out to meet friends for a couple of drinks (something I haven't done in a while). I'm feeling really good about it, for once, I usually hate going to the area with all the clubs and assholes. Anyway, I get there, have a drink, catch up with a friend of mine.

At some point I notice this guy who should be saying hey (because we've met before and it's what he usually does) completely avoiding me. Later on I see him walking out of the bar with my girlfriend following him and she looks surprised to see me, awkward talk ensues (I ask if she's with friends and she just says yes) and she leaves. Now if this was any other girl, I'd have set off my red flag and just ended it but it's not the first time she's met her friends while going out. I trust her, and this was almost definitely just an innocent meeting on her part, even though he was clearly after something else.

I bumped into them a couple of times that night and eventually got sick of it and decided to leave. She calls at 4AM that night to tell me she loves me and misses me and we agree that I'll come over next morning and we'll talk. Next morning I talk to her and ask if it's ok if I come by at 11 and she says she's not sure if it's a good idea to meet (if this was a rollercoaster I'd have been sick all over myself at this point). I tell her it's important because I have a couple of things I want to say and she agrees.

So we met, sat in the car and talked about it (I'll go into what, specifically at the end) and at some point I felt really bad and started crying. I don't cry alone, but when I'm with her I guess it felt like I was staring what I might lose right in the face and I didn't want to lose her. By the end of it things seem ok, we kiss and hug and laugh and it all seems fine. I leave. Later I have a mini-breakdown and go over again and just wait to talk to her, cry again, but this time I shake it off at the end. I tell her it won't happen again, and I drive off.

Yesterday was odd, she didn't talk directly to me but her Facebook posts were lovey-dovey songs with messages directed at me (I asked, to make sure I'm not insane ;)) and I was feeling good again (can you see what's coming next?). Fast forward to later that night, I mention I'll be out the next day and if she's got some free time she can join but she has lectures then. Then we talk about this whole break business and she says "I need a bit more time than I planned for." and I'll be honest, that was a pretty big downer. 

I thought about it some more and then made a decision, called her and told her if she wants a break we needed to stop half-assing it. I wasn't going to talk to her until she made up her mind now and I told her it would be better if she did the same (not in a condescending way, just implying it would make things fairer). She asked if I loved her (because I didn't say it back, initially) and we said goodbye and that was it.

So now I'm here, and these are some things I think are important before anyone gives their opinion.

**A**) I'm not in the greatest place at the moment. I don't have a job or a car (I borrow my dad's company car on the weekends and sometimes during the week) and I'm not going to a school. A lot of that is being worked on, though. I'm studying the O levels I need and next year I'm going to a higher secondary school to get the A levels and Intermediate level subjects I need to go into a Physiotherapy course at the university. In about a year and a half I'll be in. I'm working out, I'm saving some money, my general attitude seems to have taken a turn for the better so I'm doing much better for myself.

But I still worry if this might be the reason she's distant. She's around guys (assholes mainly, I been to university before and never have I met a more pretentious crowd) who are actively studying at university right this moment and I guess have a more tangible prospect than I do. Maybe I'm being silly, but I have this nagging feeling at the back of my head.

**B**) I hate how she met this guy after we decided to keep our distance for a while. She asks for some space to think about things and then surrounds herself by people who only want to get in bed with her. How is that going to help her make a decent decision? Why is it so hard to respect the decision that -she- herself has decided to take? Is she so naive that she doesn't realise this guy wants something from her and she keeps talking to him and listening to his bullshit, shit-a-12-year-old-would-say flirting?

**C**) I feel like I can't do another weekend of that. I'm considering just giving up on it if she hasn't figured things out by the weekend, especially if she decides to go out with friends again that night. In my mind I have a big red circle around this Friday, which I'm obviously a bit nervous about, but I don't know if I want to keep being held out of reach.

**D**) In case my merits as a boyfriend come into question, I had planned to start going over to the university and studying with her, I had planned a weekend break at a nice hotel by the sea, I had planned to go out with her more. I was never one to just sit back and take this for granted, barely even trying. I've always tried to make things interesting, give her some space, tell her I love her; stuff that should make things work out. Sure, there have been lulls and slow times but they were the exception to the rule.

I know reddit can be a bit harsh and blunt in these things and I suppose that might help. If you think I've cocked things up in some way don't be afraid to say it, if you think there's no hope in hell, just say it. Just be a -bit- sympathetic when you do, if possible. :)

I'll edit in anything else I remember that might be relevant.

**tl;dr my girlfriend has decided she wants a break and I'm worried the relationship is going the way of the dodo.**

Do you guys think I have a chance?

Summary:
Anyway, this weekend I get a feeling something just isn't right.
So we talk about it a little and we agree to it.
So now I'm here, and these are some things I think are important before anyone gives their opinion.
She doesn't seem to want to hang out or spend time with me so I just ask her what's wrong.
I'm feeling really good about it, for once, I usually hate going to the area with all the clubs and assholes.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
