Original Response:
Throwaway account, and this is REALLY long, I am so distraught over this. Thanks for reading if you read the whole thing, I feel like a train wreck. I’d like honest advice, no judgments please. 

Background information:
EXBF off &amp; on for nearly 6 months. We both have been cheated on by nearly every SO we’ve had. I’ve been married, and left my EX-H in 2011. (Married 15 months, together 7 years, we are divorced) EX-H cheated several times, and lied about many other things. 

EXBF[M34] has a lot of anger issues, and a lot of insecurities issues. He brought his past relationships up constantly. Very early on, I[F26] was walking on eggshells. I was so scared he’d get mad. He was not abusive, but he’d yell and tear me down, especially via text, and never took responsibility for anything he did. He said he only got angry when I was deceitful and dishonest. If he thought it was bad enough, he broke up with me. We have ‘broken up’ about 4-5 times I believe. I will admit, I did some things wrong, and I did start to hide things because I was scared, I am not painting myself innocent.  I did NOT cheat on him. 

Fighting examples:

His best friend is a girl. They hung out alone in the beginning which bothered me, only because he had an issue with any male friend I had. I then found out he slept with said best friend years ago “a drunken mistake when I was going through a rough time and it never happened again”. He never apologized for not mentioning this, and turned it around on me for “judging him” and wanting to know everyone he slept with. I was upset he was hanging out with a girl, in his house, alone, and did not tell me about their past. The friendship alone did not threaten me.  He also completely tore me down for having a one month ‘fling’ with a guy I met at the bar before I even met EXBF.

The first time I lied: He got mad that I wanted to facetime with my male cousin (I just got an IPhone at this point) thought it was weird, and got JEALOUS. He invited me to his brother’s bday dinner, where another EXBF (also his friend) and his pregnant GF would be. No threat, we dated a year ago for two months and then got pissed when I said I was comfortable with it, and didn’t take his feelings into consideration. Then why did you invite me? So he decides to ignore me for 4 hours. I make other plans with my GF, who is dating one of his good friends. (This circle is really small. I know) He then starts texting me saying he took a nap (He was ignoring me, he texts me constantly telling me what he’s doing or asking what I’m doing) I was on my way to pick up my GF for dinner…and I DO NOT know why, but when he asked what I was doing, I said nothing. I literally panicked. I should have just said, getting “GF” to go to dinner, but I KNEW he’d flip out, and I just didn’t want to fight. Here he was texting my GF’s BF and he knew. I got caught, and he flipped out. Both BF’s thought we were being ‘shady’ and meeting other men. My GF told her BF the truth, but I didn’t. He broke up with me, I apologized for what I did, I knew it was wrong. This was the first time we broke up; this was about 1.5 months in. I was so upset. 

For my birthday weekend, I was to go to a wedding and he could not attend. He knew just about everyone going, and makes a big deal about me not including him. I invited him, but he could not go. He made it about him. That my birthday was important to him, and I excluded him. I didn’t go to the wedding.  He fought with me about the wedding for a week. He also made a comment about the amount of texts I was getting on my birthday “there better not be any guys texting you” I have a few male friends, but I do not hang out with them on a regular basis. The closest ones are married with kids, so I hang out with them and their spouses. 

Then for HIS birthday, he went to the bar with HIS friends, and did not invite me. Again, a lot of his friends are females. He said it was because he wanted a few hours with just his friends and didn’t want to “worry about other guys hitting on his girlfriend” This man is an extreme homebody and we hardly go out, I only wanted to go out with him and his friends. So I went out with my friends, and he absolutely lost it and said I ruined his birthday weekend. He also broke up with me over this. This was break up #3 or 4, I can’t remember. He is yet to apologize for how this made me feel, especially after what he pulled for my birthday.
 
My EX-H. We used to still talk. I have since moved to NC. We have a loan to pay off, and that’s normally what we talk about. He texted me on holidays and drunk texted me once or twice, and I let him know the drunk text was inappropriate. EXBF knew we texted about money, but anything else I felt would infuriate him, I was scared to tell him.  So I told him that’s all we talked about. After break up #3/4, EXH and I were texting (about a concert, nothing flirty, I have no emotional connection with this man anymore) and I told him EXBF and I broke up, and he showed these texts to a mutual friend, who told my EXBF. EXBF completely lost it, called me a liar and a cheater and I’ve been talking to him the whole time carrying on an emotional affair, which I was not. He KNEW we were talking occasionally. I feel guilty about this.

We tried a “friend” route afterwards which was stupid. We tried this twice after. Right after the above happened; I met a guy at a concert, and went on one date. It was horrible, it went nowhere, I realized immediately how stupid it was. Two weeks after this ‘date’ (absolutely nothing happened) “friend” route turned into dinner and drinking at EXBFs place and we slept together. We fought the next day as usual because I was getting a cold, and EXBF was only concerned that he might catch my cold, not if I was okay or if I needed anything.

After the above fight, I asked if he was talking to anyone, he was texting someone all weekend. He said no, and he asked if I was seeing anyone, and I said no.  While I went on a date while we weren’t together, I wasn’t seeing anyone when I was with him, and I wasn't seeing or talking to that guy when I went over to EXBF's house. The ‘back together lines’ were blurred because every time he broke up with me, he never asked me to get back together. That one date was the only date I went on while involved with this guy. The last time we broke up and my EXH got involved I thought it was over, and we were never getting back together. I didn’t want to. I still do not want to. I just feel horrible he thinks I cheated on him, and I didn’t. He’s called me a bitch, told me he hates me; I’m the worst of the worst, a snake, and a smut. I feel absolutely horrible.

Any advice or am I really a heartless bitch? This is the messiest things have ever gotten in a relationship for me; I don’t know how it got this bad. I can say I’ve never acted like this in a relationship. I know it wasn’t healthy either. I just don’t want to feel like this. I do not want to get back together with him, at all.  Again, so sorry this is so long, I just want to get over this and I need help. 


TL;DR: my EX was extremely jealous/controlling and broke up with me often. I hid a few things to avoid fighting with him; some things while we weren’t together.  I was faithful emotionally and physically. Trying to figure out if the guilt I carry is justified from my actions, and how to absolve it either way.

Edit: formatting

Summary:
I do not want to get back together with him, at all.
I didn’t go to the wedding.
He also broke up with me over this.
I still do not want to.
He made it about him.
I just don’t want to feel like this.
I invited him, but he could not go.
He said no, and he asked if I was seeing anyone, and I said no.
I did NOT cheat on him.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
