Original Response:
We are both of Indian American descent. We met in college, and this is the first serious relationship for the both of us.

A bit of background: He comes from a broken family. His parents divorced when he was 3, where his dad abandoned him, and his mother has suffered from a mental illness ever since. I've always been attracted to his ability to be independent and remain strong willed from those experiences. Clearly, he has some abandonment issues and doesn't have a strong sense of family. I've met his family (about a year into the relationship) and they've been kind to me, but I don't necessarily want to be around them much because of their crazy issues.

I, on the other hand, come from a close family. My parents have really given me everything in life and I appreciate the privileges that I have because of them. Even to this day, they have supported my many decisions regardless of whether I hurt them in the process. So this time I want  it to be a decision that doesn't leave them feeling disappointed again.

When we started dating in college in Northern California, I would always be the one that went to his house and basically lived with him. This caused some friction with my girlfriends, and I lost a few in the process. After almost a year, he moved back home (Southern California) to make amends with his father, and take care of his mother. I felt that this was admirable and he was trying to do something better for his life. He had dropped out of college and wasn't doing anything productive at the time, so it was understandable that he would go back home and work for his dad.

I was going thru some issues with my own education and relationships with my family at the time, so a few months later I spent the summer living in Southern CA. I worked for a little bit, and he was supportive in letting me stay with him while I figured stuff out. I eventually went back home to finish college. So we did the long distance thing for about 6 months, and didn't have many issues during that time because it was known that I would move back after I graduated, which I did.

I lived in SoCal after graduating for about 10 months. We lived at his mother's house, which was kind of a traumatic experience for me. I've never been around anyone with mental issues, and I tried my best to be supportive with the stresses that he dealt with from his mother's lack of logic and independence. However, it made me miss my own family. I was working, but not in a career that I had dreamed of, so I started contemplating going back to school to apply to pharmacy or graduate programs. The other issue that I had with living with my BF was that he was slightly depressed living with his mom, which put his level of energy really low. I wanted to go to the beach and take our dog out together, but that never happened. I would always do it alone. I was frustrated, and remember feeling like we needed time apart to grow as individuals, so I committed myself to going back to school.

My parents were supportive in me wanting to go back to school, and were willing to let me stay at home without having to worry about working, so I moved back home. This kind of brings us to present day, where for the past year and a half I've been in school in NorCal, and my BF has been in SoCal. I've made the effort of visiting him about once a month (flying and driving), which hasn't been easy financially or emotionally. My parents haven't enjoyed seeing their daughter be distracted by a boy that doesn't put in as much effort as they think I deserve. This has led to some friction between us. So, basically I feel like if I hadn't been making the time and effort to visit him, we wouldn't even be together at this point. He has NEVER come up to see me.

This brings me to the dilemma of whether I should give him a shot by living with him again. I'm done with classes, just need to apply to schools now. He has since moved out of his mother's and into a gorgeous new home. I've seen the difference it's made on his life and motivation, where he's much more active. The times that we do spend are filled having fun and very joyous. But the issue of not meeting my parents is still weighing heavily on my mind. I told myself and him that I wouldn't move in until he does.

I brought this up to him, and he basically has a lot of excuses. Some I understand, some not so much. He works full time, and I don't. He has the dog. He won't be allowed to stay the night at my parents because they are somewhat traditional Indians. He knows that they will have a lot of questions pertaining to his lack of education, and his plan for a career, and obviously his intentions with me. So, he wants to make a good impression and have all the right answers for them. Basically, I don't think he's comfortable with the idea, but I don't know how much longer I should wait.

Lastly, he's just kind of lazy when it comes to making an effort with anyone. His friends know that he's not exactly reliable to hang out when he says he will, but I've told him I need to be that exception. I feel like I'm just being given excuses about why he doesn't make the effort, and he almost makes me feel bad for expecting those things because I should know that's just who he is.

Besides this huge issue, he's supportive in every decision I make. We have a lot in common, and see eye to eye on most things. He's great when it comes to giving advice and I can tell he's made changes in other aspects, which gives me hope that maybe this is a hurdle that we can get over. I'm just not as comfortable as I thought I was to making the move. I feel like I'm in the position of giving up things, where he's just gaining. I'm tired of not being selfish and I don't want to be blinded by love.

I would love the idea of a new location, meeting new people, and starting my 'adult' life. I also think I need to give him a chance, because we've talked about this for so long and I will feel guilty if I back out now and abandon him kind of unexpectedly. I literally was so excited up until a week ago, and now I have this huge pit in my stomach like I'm setting myself up for disappointment.

Maybe I should move, but not into his home so I still have some independence? Or should I stick to my demand of him meeting my family before I take the leap? Or is a break up just long overdue? Am I expecting too much after knowing how he is? Does he really just not care enough about me?

TL;DR I [F25] have been with my BF [M25] for 4.5 years, where half of the time has been long distance and I have done the majority of making it work. Idk if I should move in with him before he has met my family, and am generally afraid of being disappointed from his lack of effort. Help!

Summary:
He works full time, and I don't.
He has NEVER come up to see me.
So this time I want  it to be a decision that doesn't leave them feeling disappointed again.
I feel like I'm in the position of giving up things, where he's just gaining.
Besides this huge issue, he's supportive in every decision I make.
I would always do it alone.
Am I expecting too much after knowing how he is?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
