Original Response:
I have been dating my boyfriend for a little more than a year. He’s a smoker and I am a non-smoker. I didn’t realize how bad his habit was until I moved in with him. We are talking multiple packs a day. July of last year I asked him if he ever planned on quitting. Knowing that if he didn’t plan on quitting than it would be up to me to determine if this was something I was OK with or not. He told me that he did plan on quitting and that he would cut back.
Though it was hard for me tell how much he cut back because we weren’t around each other 24/7. If I asked he was very vague but positive. It SEEMS that he went from 2-3 packs a day to 1 ½ - 2 packs a day by September and then stalled. Despite me checking in, asking him to not smoke around me, asking him if there were anything that I could do… (It went from smoking next to me, to smoking with the window open, to smoking in another room, to partially smoking outside/next to stove vent /bathroom). Which is progress but painful. In November I got him a quit smoking kit, with candies and snacks that could redirect his oral fixation along with a card of encouragement. I asked people who had quit smoking for advice on how to help. I tried discussing things, not discussing things, tried to suggest how to channel smoking triggers. I asked him to consider a quitting goal date, he never came up with one. I got push back, anger, stonewalled it wasn’t fun for me. I didn’t want to nag but as the months went by and I saw zero progress on him cutting back smoking I was getting frustrated. 

I didn’t want to spend the rest of my life with someone who promised to do something, maybe, to only keep me around but not follow through. I gave him 7 ½ months. Then I asked smokers for advice on what I should do. I decided to go for the hail Mary, I hate ultimatums, but I was at the point of giving up and letting him do it, risking my life and future with someone who would smoke around me or leaving. I had to start really thinking of myself and my future and whether I wanted to waste my time waiting for something to never happen. I love him, but I couldn’t watch him waste away like my great grandfather did from lung cancer he got from smoking. I had nightmares about my boyfriend dying from the same thing. 

So in mid-February I told him since he hadn’t come up with a quit date, I was. That I was tired of getting push back, run around, and told anything to keep me there longer. I gave him until April 2nd, and if things didn’t change I was leaving.  He agreed, there wasn’t an argument. The month and a half leading up to the date I didn’t see a change in behavior. April 1st he smoked 11 cigarettes that day.  

Saturday he kept going into the garage and locking the door, which is unusual since if he is in there he has the garage door open. When I went out there to ask him something I found the side door locked, at first I thought that perhaps he wasn’t there. So I ran in and tried to open the garage door and he kept on preventing it from opening. He then opened up the side door so I ran back out there. I smelled smoke, and saw half cigarette stomped out. I went inside without saying anything and started looking for a place to move into. He found out. He insisted that it was some clothes of his, or residual smell, that he wasn’t smoking. He claimed he threw the rest of his pack out the truck window that morning. 

Sunday I was sitting in the living room watching tv when I smelled smoke again. I got up and looked around for him and eventually found him in the bathroom cleaning with the door closed. This time I saw cigarette ash in the sink that wasn’t there previously and smelled it. I pretended that it wasn’t there and asked how he was feeling. He said he felt irritable, forgetful, and his hands were shaking. 

And on to yesterday Monday. He went to take a shower and I was watching TV when I smelled smoke again. I went to the bathroom door and it was locked. So I unlocked it and poked my head in, I could smell it stronger in there. After he got out of the shower I went to the bathroom and noted that there was something in his PJ pants that had a distinct square shape (I thought it was his phone) after using the restroom I checked his work pants and found his phone and wallet but no cigarettes. I checked his pockets, nothing. I asked him where he put them. He asked what. I told him you know what. He looked innocent. But my lie detector was ringing. The gist of it was that I looked for a box I couldn’t find, he denied it. 

I told him logically there could only be two explanations, that either he was smoking and he is lying to me about it; or I’m imagining things. He continued to deny it. In the end he offered another explanation, that the humidity of the shower caused the smell to come back and that’s what I was smelling. 
So either, he is lying to me and gaslighting me. I’m hallucinating smells and I need professional help. Or somehow the fresh scent (not stale!) of cigarette smoke is being conjured up whenever a shower occurs. I have evidence of the contrary: A) a non-smoking house guest this past weekend took a shower in the bathroom and I didn’t smell anything. B) I washed that weekend the clothes he was wearing. C) He then cleaned the bathroom after A and B occurred and I can still smell the cleaning chemicals. 

My gut tells me that he is lying to me and is willing to go as far as make me think that I’m imagining things (until he came up with his brilliant residual smoke/humidity idea!). 

I need some objective opinions. What do you all think? I’ve thought about couples counseling, but I have a feeling he will lie his teeth off there as well.

TL;DR- I gave my boyfriend an ultimatum to quit smoking, he ‘has’ and now might be lying and doing it behind my back.

Summary:
I went to the bathroom door and it was locked.
I told him you know what.
I asked him where he put them.
He then opened up the side door so I ran back out there.
He told me that he did plan on quitting and that he would cut back.
I asked people who had quit smoking for advice on how to help.
I smelled smoke, and saw half cigarette stomped out.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
