Original Response:
Hi /r/relationships. Before we get started I'd like to say that I know I'm in the wrong here. The reason for me posting is that I'm trying to clear my head and make sure I'm not going batshit crazy and/or becoming a monster, because that's how I feel. Let it be known that I have never cheated on my girlfriend, and any of the following people described (besides my SO) I have never had any further contact with beyond a hug. 

My SO and I started dating last summer, 9 months ago, and fell for each other pretty hard, pretty quick. We started off with a wonderful relationship, we liked each others friends, spent time with each other almost every day, etc. When we had to go back to university we had to start the long distance thing, as our UNIs were 4 hrs away from each other. Last semester was alright for the most part, she had a few things she did wrong, but I let them go. I had one major one and she still hasn't let go of it. This coupled with the fact that it has "continued" has made her worried that I am unfaithful as well as that I "am not loving her the right way." 

What happened was I was at my dorm, drinking with some friends, and the situation ended up being me and two other girls in a room of a mutual friend, just talking. We were on opposite sides of the room, just chatting about things and the topic of sex came up. They insistently asked about my SO and Is sex life and I denied at first but ended up stupidly telling them some details that my SO did not want said. They weren't embarrassing per say, but they were personal and I understand her feelings. I messed up, and I knew it, so I apologized and tried to learn from my mistake and be a better person because of it. We got through it, or so I thought, and continued being happy. She talks to her girlfriends all the time about this kind of thing, in detail, but because I was talking to some girls, it's a different story. I kind of understand this but not really. 

Come this semester one of the girls who was part of the discussion from earlier, lets call her Tilly, tags me in some tweets on twitter. I am by no means an avid twitter user, ironically I got it because my SO practically begged me to. Well my SO saw them and got rather mad at me, saying things like, "why is this girl still around, why is she tweeting you, wtf." She didn't send me any provocative tweets, she just sent things like where are you blah blah blah. We don't hang out, we're not very good friends, I have no idea why she would do that. I apologized, talked to the girl, explained the boundaries of our relationship in explicit detail and moved on because I thought that my SO and I would move past it. 

Fast forward a few months and we're all drinking at the dorm again getting ready to go to a party (me, 6 of my other friends and Tilly) and Tilly wants to take a picture with me. I think, "hey its just a picture why the fuck not." So the pictures of her with  her arm on my shoulder, me not touching her or smiling, end up on facebook and my SO sees it and gets alarmed. She thinks I'm being unfaithful (something which is 100% untrue) and then proceeds to ask me why this girl is continuously showing up. Saying that I'm not doing enough to protect this relationship and that I don't care. 

All of this, coupled with the fact that I've been a little lax over the phone, again, my fault and I acknowledge it. I play college baseball and that combined with being premed makes my schedule rather stressful and when many of the calls I get from her are just to complain about how stressed out she is, it makes it hard to stay focused on the conversation. But I should be better than that and I know it. 

Ultimately, I feel like while the boundaries were broken, I've been trying to do the right thing and I'm not succeeding. I can't control what other people put on facebook or twitter. The things I could have controlled--being more 'into' the phone conversations/not taking pictures or associating with this girl (which is hard because we live in the same building in a school with 1500 kids.)--I understand and I'm trying to fix and honestly have been better in the last week. I know a week is nothing, but I have to start somewhere. 

She says she still is hurt and angry with me. I planned a nice picnic for us when she comes into town today as way to say I'm sorry and try and talk things out. She said no, which I understand, but at the same time...

I'm trying so hard to make this work and I feel helpless. I'm not the victim here, I know I'm wrong, but I'm trying to fix it and I feel like she won't let me. I know that I can say sorry all I want, and it won't do anything, that I have to show her. I'm showing her, but it seems to late. I'm trying to be a good boyfriend to her. 

God damn it reddit I'm trying so hard and I can't help but feel like my heart is going to get ripped out no matter what, and it's my fault. 

It's my god damn fault. 

**Tl;dr Said something I shouldn't have to girl. Girlfriend gets mad, we move on. Girl twitter/facebooks me, I don't encourage it, girlfriend finds out, gets mad. Girl posts picture of me on facebook, girlfriend gets mad. I feel helpless because I don't feel like I'm being allowed to do anything to make it better.**

Edit: if this needs more clarification or if you have questions I'll be happy to answer. I just need to talk to someone to make sense of all this.

Summary:
I'm trying so hard to make this work and I feel helpless.
She said no, which I understand, but at the same time...
Before we get started I'd like to say that I know I'm in the wrong here.
Girl posts picture of me on facebook, girlfriend gets mad.
Girlfriend gets mad, we move on.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
