Original Response:
Before I get to the bulk of this, It's not a serious issue or relationship. But it is complicated..


Also, Yes I am in High School. I would consider myself smart, good looking but pretty skinny, and tall. We are both 18. I would take this to /dating_advice, but you guys are awesome, so I thought i'd see your opinions.


It was March, late night on Skype with a few friends. A girl from two of my six classes at school messages me on Facebook, asking about school. We'll call her Tennis. Because she's a 10. Very religious girl with an acting and modeling background from school she's been on T.V., Crazy huh?, down to earth, sweet and caring. So she seems interested in me, I end up exchanging phone numbers and having conversations with her and we went to a casual school dance.


Time continued, and we became more and more serious, she came over multiple times, we used the hot tub, made out plenty, nothing much more sexually though, and life was incredible. She was incredibly caring for me, She always asked me if something was wrong, told me she'd pray for me when I had an issue with my dad who happens to be battling a rare disease, etc. She called me sometimes, but never initiated text conversations unless I did first, I was always the one to text her, but I didn't see it as anything bad as my friends all told me that's normal.


Within 2 months of dating we went to Prom, Saturday March 28th. The only and last prom i'll ever be able to enjoy. She was incredible, her dancing, her attitude, the way she treated me. If I walked away from her, she'd look around for me. She was truly interested. On the same night while we were dancing, Tennis's friend (18f) made me feel uncomfortable by dancing on Tennis. Yes, I know I shouldn't have said anything, But I told them I felt uncomfortable. It was kind of weird because I usually don't get upset about these kinds of things. It was really irrational. I told them I needed five minutes. Anyways, I talked about it with Tennis, and we forgot about the whole thing that night.
The following day I texted Tennis. I asked her what was up.

 No response.


Next day, same thing.


On Tuesday March 30th, She was trying to avoid me while we where at school. She didn't show any attempt to make me feel comfortable with her, and reacted with my (Sensitive yet rare touches) negatively. I tried my best to always make her feel comfortable when we dated, I always respected her, but I was a bit socially withdrawn i'll admit. Not much, but a bit.


We talked on the phone and she told me that she didn't see any reason for us to continue daitng. She told me she wanted to just be friends, and all of that.


I went into COMPLETE DISBELIEF Mode. I couldn't accept the fact that this girl who had lead me on. And by Lead on, I mean, She made all the first moves, she was the one who always showed butterflies, who told me she cared, called and left voice mails. I couldn't believe that someone, someone who had just went to prom with me, two days ago, had the night of her life decided to say these things. I believe she was also on her period though because her friend made a PMS Joke. Anyways, I was in just way too much shock. It was too much to believe. Too abrupt.


she had also developed like 20 pictures of us doing things weeks before, and purchased $66 of pictures on prom night


WTF?


I sent her texts not sorry notes explaining how this didn't make any sense, and I never got a reply. On this previous Thursday I thought it would be a good idea to apologize to Tennis's friend. I sent her a message on Facebook apologizing with a good note, only to get a response along the lines of "Very convenient of you to apologize to me after Tennis dumped you". With my response along the lines of "You're right, It is convenient, but I care about Tennis. I am also sorry".


No response.


Two hours later I get a call. Its from Tennis. "I'm just calling you to tell you that, (sad voice), I don't agree with what my friend said to you. I'm sorry about that. Thank you for apologizing to her, I appreciate it. Me: I Meant It. . Tennis: *I just want to put this all behind us. Let's be friends again.. I agreed, and we hung up.


The next day, Friday. I talked to her at school. She seemed to enjoy having a conversation with me but she didn't say anything positive. She did give me a tiny milky way though. I'm not sure why. When I text her, it's not the same, she does respond fairly quickly, but it seems a third as interested. I don't bug her either. She just doesn't seem to care about things anymore, I just need to know the next step.


I need to know what I should do. What will make this work out?
Does anyone know what caused her to do this? Please don't hesitate to ask me questions on my attitude or my actions, I'll answer truthfully. I just want to know if this is how some girls really are. Are they really that quick to change?


Is this an act to make me appreciate her more? To teach me something? I just need some answers.
because honestly, the last thing I want to do is waste the end of my senior year trying to fix things if there's no potential.
Thanks


tl;dr: (18f) Extremely religious, smart, and beautiful girl leads me on to the point of overly attached girlfriend, Tosses me away two days after prom, ignores my text messages, and acts uninterested. At the point, i'm not sure how to handle the situation.




**Edit: Thanks everyone for the comments. I realize many flaws with my approach to the situation. I'll be avoiding initiating conversation with her outside of school. I'm still a bit lost, but i'll do my best.**

Summary:
I asked her what was up.
I talked to her at school.
She told me she wanted to just be friends, and all of that.
I need to know what I should do.
I just want to know if this is how some girls really are.
I just need some answers.
The following day I texted Tennis.
Thank you for apologizing to her, I appreciate it.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
