Original Response:
First of all, thought I'd get this out of the way: I never thought I'd be 'that guy' that dates a girl much younger than him, but until you're put in such a position where you meet someone you consider really special, you don’t have much of an understanding. 

All my past gfs/ romantic interests have been around my age, with a few being older than myself.

---

Some back story: I first met this girl roughly 200km from my home town, where she was working in a cafe as a waitress. She's a cute little thing and since she was working and in uniform, it was quite hard to guess her age (she doesn’t look too young). 

Before I left to go back home I thought I'd talk to her for a bit and get her number to see what happens, next thing you know we're txting back and forth over the next few days, as you do. She then asks me for my last name so that she could add me on facebook to which I think "sure".



Upon seeing her facebook, alarm bells were instantly set off as to warning me about her age. I txt her "so uhh, how old are you anyway"? She replied with "17 but people usually mistake me for older.. why how old are you?"; instantly i was thinking 'yep not going to happen - way too young, abandon ship', but i thought i'd still continue talking to this girl (as she was quite fun to talk to). 

---

Things soon developed until when I talking to her I no longer viewed her as a little girl but rather something more – it baffled me since girls her age are almost never like this. Furthermore, you’d be hard pressed finding girls even my age that are like her. 
She’s smart, beautiful, funny (returns my sarcasm with her own), likes to cook, sings, plays the piano at a retirement home to entertain the elderly (volunteers)... – I could go on and on. She grew up in the countryside and I live in the city, I can tell you that a girl like this is a very rare find. 


As you can probably tell, I’m pretty into this chick by this point as we decide on how we should meet up – this is when she brings up the issues she has at home.. Being the typical princess and only daughter at home, her father is highly controlling and protective over pretty much anything she does (which tbh is understandable seeing that she is still at that age). In order to meet up with me, she told her family that she was to stay the night at her friends place, but instead she caught a bus and visited me. 


At first, I was still a bit unsure of what would happen after I saw her in person again – as we had only maintained contact through media. Part of me was quite interested in this young, feisty and pretty little thing but the other part reminded me of how the world would view me; after all, girls her age are naive and easy to manipulate, right?  We chilled, watched a movie, kissed (she’s a surprisingly good kisser), fooled around a bit (no sex tho) blah blah blah – feel im getting off topic with where this is all going. 


Anyway, she manages to get home and play the whole thing off; it was a success. I thought to myself that this could actually work if we’re careful! I missed out on these types of thrills when I was younger (lost my virginity relatively late) so I kinda enjoyed the secrecy of this forbidden affair. I never got to explore that innocence of youth, happy-go-lucky phase and opening up someone’s world both romantically and sexually (yep she’s a virgin) was quite exciting. Fast forward a few weeks she makes plans for me to come visit her… 

---

She lives LITERALLY in the middle of nowhere, I’m talking one way dirt track up a hill with very few other houses around, lifestock all over the place, thick bush surroundings, mountains in the distance, etc. I park up and meet up with her at the entrance to her property at around 10pm. 
Turns out she has 2 houses – one is her current house where she lives with her family, and the other is her old house, a few hundred metres away, where she planned for us to stay. I’m pretty uneasy at this point – why am I risking it all like this? 


But she reassured me that we wouldn’t get caught (protip: don’t take reassurance from 17yos). I spent the night there – would like to mention that there was no power since they create their own energy, warm water or indoor toilet. I had trouble sleeping, constantly worried someone would come in and catch me naked in bed with her. I set my alarm early so that I could get out before her folks wake up – a good plan in theory. With the combination of my lack of sleep and her refusing to let me leave so early, I ended up sleeping in a bit longer than I had planned. When I realised the time I got up, packed my stuff, and asked her if the coast was clear. 


She went out for a bit, came back, and said everything was ok, we start saying our goodbyes as I leave the house. I look up and at the top of a hill I spot her dad staring at us. At night it was difficult to see how far the two houses were separated, turns out theres a big fuck-off clearing between them and I, in my retarded, drowsy state, let my guard down following her out. Instantly her eyes well up with tears as she stammers that I should tell her dad that I just arrived this morning and that we were planning to hang out and asking me not to be mad at her. 


There was no chance he would’ve brought that seeing as I was stepping out of their house with a fricken BACKPACK on.. Her dad runs towards us as she gets cut off mid sentence with “go to your room”. Her dad takes one good look at me in disgust and says “so you’re the guy from the city? You’re not welcome to come here or see my daughter again, now get the fuck out”. 
He’s an older guy but he seemed like he was trying to stop himself from having a heart attack with the tone of his voice. I was thinking about trying to explain myself then and there – but he was pretty clear that he wanted me out of there as soon as possible. 

---

I took a long drive back thinking how much of an idiot I was to have this happen but at the same time it was a matter of time we got caught (met up with her one more time that I didn’t mention where we went camping). He seemed to have known at least vaguely about me meaning that she wasn’t as discreet as she thought she was. I got home not too long ago and only talked to her over fb very briefly – her parents are holding her phone and saying that she is going through a phase and needs to forget about me. 

Maybe I got way too caught up in this but you can never plan these things. My ex was a headache to deal with as well as an endless love/hate relationship full of jealousy and mind games that I’m glad I was finally able to break free from (but that’s a separate story altogether), so a girl like this was a huge breath of fresh air. 


So here I am reddit, and where better to ask for advice than the internet? I’m thinking about calling her house tonight and talking to her father so that I don’t entirely come off as a douchebag, provided that I don’t get an instant “fuck off” before I have a chance to speak. 
I like this girl but things are so stacked against us – from the distance we live, to the family issues, to how society/friends would view it. Her dad says that after she turns 18 and leaves for college she is free to do what she wants but until then she is forbidden to see me again. A lot can happen in a years time, I’m not sure what to think anymore. 

Any thoughts r/relationships?

---

Tl;dr: started seeing a girl considerably younger than me. Got away with meeting up with her discreetly until recently. Her parents keeping her on a tight leash from now on and forbade me from contacting her again. Parents think im a pervy scumbag out to predate on little girls.

Summary:
Maybe I got way too caught up in this but you can never plan these things.
I’m pretty uneasy at this point – why am I risking it all like this?
I like this girl but things are so stacked against us – from the distance we live, to the family issues, to how society/friends would view it.
I was thinking about trying to explain myself then and there – but he was pretty clear that he wanted me out of there as soon as possible.
She then asks me for my last name so that she could add me on facebook to which I think "sure".

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
