Original Response:
Hello everyone this is my first post ever on reddit and its going to be a long one! Need some good advice since I get really none where i live. 

  I met my fiance 6 years ago and our relationship is till this day even stronger than ever. Everything seems to be perfect! Everyone tells me I have hit the jack pot with this girl and really its the truth. She is a college grad, amazing talents, makes good money, cooks like a beast( she is italian), works out with me everyday, she is a gamer cause of me, etc etc. She is what so many of my friends and family including me call.. "the perfect wife". So what the hell am I doing on the Relationship subreddit? 
 
 Well half way (3 years) into our relationship when things were just a bit stressful because of college. I met this girl who we will call "Jane"F[22] through my fiance sister. Jane was that type of girl who was COMLETELY OUT OF MY LEAGUE!! Odd mix of japanese/german. This girl was straight out of a magazine gorgeous. So to me girls like that are fake, trouble, not worth anyone's time. Boy i learned fast NOT TO judge a book by its cover. 

 So later that night i invited the sister with her friends(jane included in there) to come hang out with my buddies. They did and that whole night me and jane's eyes kept meeting and I notice sparks were flying. I ignored it the best i can. She came up to me later that night to ask if I had a facebook and I said sure. Later that night before sleep she added me and we started to talk only a little. Just jokes and stories here and there. Looking back at the get together and just that day she was quiet... she is a shy gal and keeps to herself type girl i was amazed. 

 Not to waste anymore of your guys time i will speed this up a bit. Next day I was called to do a photo shoot with a DANCE school for kids so i attended... come to find out she has a kid that attends. Kids make me run away from females.. but for some reason i felt myself being pulled more towards her. So while shooting she kept looking my way and I hers. When the whole event was over she was bombarded by men (mostly the early 20s black guys that attend the dance school). She was getting hit on hard. She tried to ignore most of them but i saw she was gettin uncomfortable. I turned the other cheek started walking out... and FOR SOME ODD REASON I felt the emotion of sadness. Like she was watching me leave. I turned around and bolted to her grabbed her hand and pulled her outside. She had this big smile on her face when i did that. We talked for a little then i left while she went to get her kid. 

 Later that night is when it happend.. we were talking on facebook and after about 3 hours of talking.. she openly says..."I think I really like you but I know your with someone..I just can't help how i feel". I paused for a while before i responded.. but i couldn't avoid the pink elephant in the room I really liked her. But then again i felt a force pulling me to this girl. I didn't feel just attraction like any other girl. This was different.. i felt like i was in love. I felt I knew this girl for 1000s of years. I felt like she was that reincarnated girl from the movie THE MUMMY and how he loved her for years haha cheezy. But I hide my emotions I couldn't do this. But my fingers typed away.. and i told her lets meet up. That night when we met up felt like we were having sex honestly! EVEN though we did nothing but talk that night. We didn't kiss or anything but damn it felt so good just to talk to her face to face a lone. 

 Alright if you read this far i thank you for doing so. Lets skip 6 months ahead. 6 months knowing this girl.. i hid it from my g/f at the time. We would hang out 3-4 days out of the week and talk all night. I did a little digging up on this girl also using friends of hers and any other info i could get. She was a virgin at the age of 19 got a b/f .. first time they had sex he didn't pull out and well boom kid. It didn't work out and he left her. I pretty much wanted to dig and find out what kinda girl she was. She was honestly just a girl who worked and stayed at home with her kid. The days she gives the kid to the dad is when she would go out with me. For 6 months we hung out went to bars, clubs, parties, etc. We both HATED clubs and parties but they were the only things we could do really living in vegas lol. I avoided going to her place because i KNOW what would happen. (sex)

 When we were at clubs and stuff she would get guys who were WAAAAYYY more attractive than me hitting on her. (I'm talking GQ model dudes) Even high rollers were trying their hardest with this girl. Each time it pissed me off but this girl would just cling to me and ignore each attempt. Long story short this girl was LOYAL. 

 Alright skipping so much stuff but this is dragging on so at the end of the 6 months I couldn't do this anymore. I was in love with this girl.. but i loved my current g/f dearly. I was torn up inside didn't know what to do. So I based everything on "logic". My current g/f was going places.. success. With jane everything would of been a mystery I don't know what would of happend. ( I gave it some long thinking). Finally i decided to stay with my current g/f. So i told jane .. and well she took it hard. For the next 2 weeks me and jane fought and fought. I said some VERY VERY hurtful things to help distance myself from her. I said cruel things just to lock out my emotions. I tore this girl apart completely. 3 weeks later of not talking to her she messaged me for a job she wanted me to do.. i figured this was a ploy of some sort. But it wasn't there was a gig and she was the one to suggest me.

 I'm trying to speed this up haha. I took the job and we spoke. I told her look I am sorry but you know i love my current g/f. I feel so much for you but I just can't. She cried a little then when i was about to leave she asked me for 3 days. JUST 3 DAYS of only me and her then I can walk out of her life. After some time i agreed to the terms. I told my current g/f I was heading out of town for 3 days.. first time i lied to her but i wanted to see what my heart was trying to tell me. 

 I spent three days at jane's house and yes.. all I will say .. to this day those 3 days were the best days I have EVER had in my life thus far. NOTHING compares to those 3 days. I felt those 3 days were the real meaning of love. The last night we had a candle light dinner with some wine then i played "save tonight" (its a song look it up on youtube). When i left... I told myself not to look back look forward to success and a stable life.. this is what you need. I started to cry hard. I couldn't drive I just pulled into a corner some where and cried my eyes out. I felt something in me die and I have never been "me" completely ever since. 

 Now the end.. I have skipped a lot of details so if any questions just ask. 3 years later.. each day i wake up i think about jane. I just fight to suppress it in my mind to keep it from eating me. I have spoken to my fiance about it and told her a good detail on what happend 3 years ago. My fiance told me straight forward " Look i love you and I want to start a life with you.. but that girl from all that you told me is your soul mate. If you feel like you would be happier with her do it. I want you to be happy no matter what you do. Just remember I love you with all my heart".  I hugged my fiance and till this day i fight to decide what to do. I have done some research and yes Jane is my soul mate from all the things to define a soulmate. 
 
 Some friends tell me to just talk to jane see how you feel if you see her. But little do people know I been looking for her for the last 2 years. I found a number 1 time and i called it. She had moved in with her grandpa to help him ever since her grandma died 2 years ago. He was a nice man he told me.. "I will tell her you called but if she calls you she will call you if not.. then...". Jane has not called me back or anything I am afraid she hates me. Friends tell me to write her a letter which I'm sure would get to her and she would read. But those 3 years later really pulled me closer to my fiance. I have my fiance to death this girl is my life. I have lost a good job last year and now work at a less pay job till i find something better.. yet my fiance supports me and pushes me everyday to keep my head up till I find my new better job. This girl is just purely amazing. But this small piece of me is destroying me inside no matter what I try to do!

People of reddit what should I do? Please sing me the song of your people!

TL;DR version.. Love my fiance. Been together for 6 years and still amazingly strong. Being with her will bring me success in my life. During 3 year mark i met my soul mate and during a 6 months friendship and a 2 months "breakup friendship" i spent 3 days at the end with her and till this day best 3 days of my life till i walked out of her life. Chose to stay with my fiance till this day. Now i feel  a piece of me dead inside from not choosing my soul mate. I have been thinking about her everyday for the last 3 years. eating me up.. help.

Summary:
JUST 3 DAYS of only me and her then I can walk out of her life.
I didn't feel just attraction like any other girl.
I have my fiance to death this girl is my life.
I have been thinking about her everyday for the last 3 years.
But little do people know I been looking for her for the last 2 years.
I ignored it the best i can.
3 years later.. each day i wake up i think about jane.
But those 3 years later really pulled me closer to my fiance.
I felt those 3 days were the real meaning of love.
I met this girl who we will call "Jane"F[22] through my fiance sister.
I started to cry hard.
But then again i felt a force pulling me to this girl.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
