Original Response:
So a bit of background.  I dated my ex for about 5.25 years; we've had our ups and downs but we always stuck it out and made it work.  I have some big anxiety issues that really strained the relationship, especially in the past 6 months, but we were working on it and I believed it was working.  I was always against mental help (family didn't believe in professional medical mental health for anxiety, which imprinted onto me, they don't know I'm taking medication or seeing a psychiatrist).  But I'm now getting therapy, seeing a psychiatrist, and taking medication.

Fast forward to last month, where we got into a big fight and I said some stupid things which effectively ended the relationship.  She was moving to another city and was really stressed that day and I honestly wanted to surprise her and make it a good day, but I had a quiz that would take a few hours to finish.  I didn't want her to be there while I took the quiz because I could never concentrate with her there and I figured I could do my quiz quicker and do everything I wanted to do with her.  However, I didn't tell her anything about my surprise, I didn't even tell her I had a surprise for her because I wanted it to be really secretive about it. One thing led to another and we got into a big fight and I said some stupid things.  Instead of staying and making it up and fighting for the relationship.  I had a big panic attack and I just fled.

So she moved to another city, moved in and is now living with her sister.  On that day, her parents changed her phone number, told her to change her email address and to block me.  All of which she did.

Two weeks ago, she called me and we made up; I apologized and told her about my actions and what was going through my head and that my anxiety got to me that day and pretty much screwed me up.  She told me that she couldn't be with me for awhile because her family was watching her and with her and they'd cut her off completely if she came back to me.

She actually unblocked me on FB and re-added me as a friend for a few days, which she got into a lot of trouble with her mom for doing so.

She told me she loved me and that she needed 10 months of separation.  The 10 months so she could pass her first semester of graduate school (she can't handle distance at all and she almost failed her undergrad because of the distance and our ups and downs) and because I was lining up a job in the city she'd be living in, in 10 months.

She told me that she needed the 10 months as well because she needed the support of at least one family member, her sister (her family absolutely hates me, her mom told her once that she prayed to god that we'd never have children together).  I was able to talk to her sister, but her sister doesn't believe we love each other and said that she thinks we just care a great deal for each other.  She told me she was going to pray to god for the answer (which god apparently told her that me and my ex wouldn't work in the end, it was destined to failure).  M ex had twisted her sister's arm (metaphorically) into agreeing with the 10 month idea.  A sister who said that god told her it wouldn't work.

My ex told me that she loved me very much and that after the 10 months, we'd get back together and she was determined to marry me within 2 months of getting back together (which I was completely fine with, before the fight, I was planning on asking her by late September, which I figured by then, my mental issues would be managed and I'd have a job and enough money to buy a ring).

5 (possibly 4) days after telling me she loved me and that it was all going to be ok, her sister calls me.  Her sister reads a letter my ex had apparently written that day telling me to follow my dreams and that she found a happiness she didn't have with me.  She basically told me good bye via through her sister.  This confused me because I remember talking to her beforehand and making her promise to call me and tell me herself if I had no chance, I specifically asked her not to send her sister or to use FB to tell me, but to call me and tell me herself; which she did promise to do.

She told me to follow my dreams because I told her some of my fears that I could possibly be on the other side of the world doing archaeological work and unable to physically be there, effectively missing my chance.  Though in reality, being with her was my dream and archaeological work was only a secondary thing (I told her before the fight that I'd be fine with temp work or being a janitor just to be with her)

Since then, I've been a complete wreck and completely confused.  I believe she still loves me but I don't know what to do.  She told me she loved me a mere 5 days before I got the phone call from her sister.  How should I proceed and act?  She knows I'll be moving to the small town she's living in within 10 months and that we'll most definitely bump into each other.  She told me it was practically guaranteed that we'd bump into each other.

Was it just a cover to get her sister to not bother her about us?  She's living with her younger sister (whose already married) who believes that god told her that it wouldn't work and that we just care about each other a great deal, but not love each other.  Or did she really mean to tell me that I have no chance?  I still plan on moving there within 10 months (possibly earlier if I can get another job lined up to have another reason to be there earlier).

tl;dr
Got into fight with ex, made up later but had to give her 10 months of separation and space to heal wounds and let her family cool down; ex's sister, who she's living with and doesn't think we'll work out in the end calls me and tells me that ex said I have no chance, a mere 5 days after telling me she loved me and that it was going to be ok, and that ex promised to tell me herself if I had no chance and promised not to send her sister to tell me.  Now confused as to how to take it and what to do.

Summary:
She told me she loved me a mere 5 days before I got the phone call from her sister.
She told me she loved me and that she needed 10 months of separation.
A sister who said that god told her it wouldn't work.
5 (possibly 4) days after telling me she loved me and that it was all going to be ok, her sister calls me.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
