Original Response:
We've been dating 10 years, we're both 26.  I'm going to try to present what happened in an unbiased manner.  I need real clarification here and not just idle judgment.

Tonight, the boyfriend and I were both drinking.  Yes, we drink on occasion, but just for fun and not in what I consider an unhealthy way.  When we do this, we typically plan our night's dinner to be delivered.  Tonight was no exception - we drank, called in our order to the local cab company (as usual), and waited to get dinner.

Up to this point, nothing was unusual.  The only thing I'd note is that I asked him (once or twice) to promise to make out with me later in the evening, and he agreed.  When I finally just went for it he acted put off, so I reminded him of his promise.  He gave me a pouty little sigh (not uncommon when he's been drinking) and I backed off.  I said plainly "That's fine, we won't make out."  He said "Don't be mad at me."  I told him I wasn't (hurt yes, but genuinely not mad) and we went on with our evening.

When the food arrived, I met the cab in our driveway.  When I presented my credit card the driver flinched and said "I don't have a card reader.  Dammit.  This is the second time they've done this to me tonight."  I knew instantly what he was referring to; usually in my call to the cab company, they ask me if I need someone with a card reader and I always say yes.  Tonight they didn't and it seemed to slip through the cracks.

I told the driver I didn't have any cash on me and he said he could take a check.  I told him that would be fine and headed inside to ask my boyfriend for one.  (I've just opened a fresh bank account and don't have any checks on hand.)  I explained the situation - "Our cab driver doesn't take cards, I need a check" - and he gave me one.  I wrote him a check and the driver left.  End of story, or so I thought.

I'll take a moment to be somewhat biased.  Sometimes my boyfriend thinks about things too much.  For example, there's an episode of Glee we once watched called "The Purple Piano Project".  He spent much of the episode telling me that one of the pianos wasn't purple, it was pink.  When I told him he was wrong he stubbornly stuck to his idea that it was pink and it was strange they would overlook such a fact.  I told him that I doubt the creators, producers, and directors of a huge primetime show would accidentally paint a piano pink when the TITLE of the show referenced PURPLE pianos.  (This seems to be only something that happens when he's had a few drinks.)

Anyway, after I returned with the food he had the same look on his face as he did when he claimed the piano was pink.  I'll admit, I've grown to know this look and can sometimes anticipate when it will precipitate an argument.

He told me it was very odd that the cab driver didn't accept credit cards.  Didn't I think this was odd?  I told him no, I've had cabs before who only accepted cash and this was just an anomaly where they sent us one without a card reader.

He proceeded to tell me that out of the "hundreds" of other times we've ordered food, this has never happened.  He kept implying something was fishy about the driver accepting a check.  Understanding his confusion, I told him that the last time I took a cab from the Greyhound station the driver didn't accept cards and I was glad I had preemptively withdrawn some cash so it wasn't an issue.

He kept hammering on the idea that it was suspicious and that every cab driver in town probably had a card reader, that maybe the guy was lying or it was broken and I shouldn't have given him a check.  Growing frustrated at this point, I told him that on the last cab ride I took, I heard the dispatcher specifically asking for drivers WITH card readers, so this anomaly wasn't isolated - other drivers indeed didn't take credit cards.  To back up my point, I offered to call the cab service tomorrow and verify that some of their drivers don't take cards - and if they said that wasn't true, to report the driver, as I had his first and last name.

At this point he got very upset and kept telling me I was being stupid, that something else was going on.  I kept enforcing the idea that this was indeed something that was not nefarious, just something we'd never encountered before (that would've been nullified if we'd had cash anyway).

He kept saying that now the cab driver had all his information (???) and it was very suspicious.  At this point I will admit I lost it and started yelling, saying he was being weird about the whole thing when I had given him very direct and concrete answers about his worries.

He said I was being stupid and that I wasn't listening to him.  (At what point was I not listening?  I've listed everything he brought up already.)  I got very upset that my dinner was getting cold and told him that he was being an idiot and took my food into another room to eat.

So here's where I need your help.  Did I handle this situation wrong?  Was there an actual concern he had that I underestimated?  Or am I right in thinking he blew the whole thing out of proportion and should've just listened to me?

I don't want to break up or anything.  I know we can get past this.  I just want to find out if I've done something wrong or if he's in the wrong so I know how to handle stuff like this in the future.

**TL;DR: Ordered dinner from cab service, cab service didn't take cards as they normally do.  Boyfriend flipped, acting like it was very suspicious and that all cab drivers take credit cards even though I know they don't.  He refused to listen to me and told me I was being stupid.  Was I?**

Summary:
He told me it was very odd that the cab driver didn't accept credit cards.
(At what point was I not listening?
Tonight, the boyfriend and I were both drinking.
Didn't I think this was odd?
He refused to listen to me and told me I was being stupid.
He said "Don't be mad at me."

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.18
