Original Response:
I am in a long distance relationship with someone in the US. I am 31 and she is 24. I live in Japan right now. everything was amazing while I was in the US, but when my dad died I had to come back. 

Basically my life has been a disaster after another in the last 4 years. My family was inundated by my dad's side, and it has been a long legal process after another. When that was about to conclude, my grandmother died the next year, and then my grandfather the following year. I was too lucky and blessed to have her because she was going along with it all the way with support and love.

This past October was our 5 year anniversary. I couldn't do anything for her. My family was at the pinnacle of all hell, and I was in a frantic panic mode. The most I could do was to call her. I really wish I could have done more. There was too much at stake and risk that could easily turn everything to ashes. If it went the wrong ay I couldn't be with my partner for good. That was guaranteed. I had to weather the final storm. In a nutshell we got through it, but the deadline for that storm to pass was December 31st. I was locked down. She begged me to come for the holidays, but I just couldn't. My only hope was to get an ok from my lawyer, that it was safe to. Hell the only thing he kept repeating prior was that he would protect us if shit hit the fan. It was never a "don't worry". I was so deep into it, I never went into the gory details to keep her from worrying. She is in medical school, and her class load is crushing her anyways. I didn't want to add to that. 

Unfortunately now, it has taken a toll. 

She sounded like she had something heavy on her mind on January 4th. I pressed on and kept asking her what was wrong. And she told me that she wanted to take a break. See what's out there. Do things for her. She was sick and tired of hoping jp st to get her feelings shattered whenever I can't come over. Believed that there was no end to my nightmares. 

We talked four times. The first three times there was much hope. She didn't know what to do by the third. I didn't fly right away because of her school schedule and my concern for any interruptions I may cause. Our conversations had a lot of "why didn't you tell me this?!" on her part. I ended up justifying many and she acknowledged it was the rig move to. But I know it didn't fly too well. I was facing all her doubts, and because she is on the highway to a quick end, all the things she ok'd is turning up. I can only assume everyone she talked with is pushing to kill it. 

The end of the third conversation was that we were ok. She said that we were ok for now. Not great, not done, but ok. She wanted me to visit in April during her spring break to talk, but in my opinion if I left is that long, it will be gone by next month. On top of that she said that we were ok, but doesn't guarantee anything for April. I know this to be true because the last conversation started with the fact that she was fine and she thinks she'll be ok with what is transpiring. I know there is plenty of support for that around her.

Against her request and what I thought was best for her and her school, I've decided to go to the US. I could have gone on the 12th but I was thinking about it long and hard. 

I needed things to justify what i was about to do; Interfere with her decision after all the thought and chats that must have gone into it. I'm not a full on believer. But there are some things I believe in. Coincidences are no longer coincidences if it happens too frequent and true to the situation. Maybe that's just the hopeful side of me. Things happened this month that just pointed a spotlight on my relationship with her. Specific things, not reminders. Her lucky number and our "special number" that comes from our anniversary has popped up everywhere, and so many other things kept happening. The only ticket I could get was either a week duration between arrival and departure, or her lucky number of days. The flight was 17 days after her initial mention of the break up which is my lucky number. She game me two weeks s a timeframe for her decision and the flight is exactly 2 weeks on the day. I got this bump on the side of my nose that I never had. she has a small mole on the side of her nose, and it just appeared after the third talk. Her skin broke out like mine after the same talk. All these things and more that just kept slapping me across the face. It had to mean something to me. 

I reserved the ticket with the purchase intent and placed my initial down payment. 4200 yen to be precise, on the 12th for the 21st.


But I still have so many questions and fears. I was hoping Reddit can help me. 

When a girl decides to call it quits, and to do so creates a massive defensive wall, is it penetrable?

2 days after I got the ticket, she sent me an email that just said "schedule" for the subject and no other text. This is after I told her that I am getting the ticket even though she told me not to. I even asked for her schedule and her response was "busy".  What is the reason for this? 

What can I do to reassure her that her fears of being alone without me there is only temporary? I know this because of the past deadline of the 31st last month and things are finally winding down fast. 

Can I get her back? Can I get her to see me and talk to me? My window there is short. I am against the world here.

I am panicking. I need positive guidance to be honest. 

Thanks Reddit.

Summary:
But there are some things I believe in.
The most I could do was to call her.
I couldn't do anything for her.
Can I get her to see me and talk to me?
She didn't know what to do by the third.
Can I get her back?
I am against the world here.
I didn't want to add to that.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
