Original Response:
My boyfriend and I have been dating for 4 months.  He's 33 and I'm 23.  He was my astronomy lab partner and we were both physics majors.  I know 4 months isn't very long at all, but we immediately clicked and had far more in common than just our academic interests, we both feel that we'd really come to love eachother and we both saw the relationship as long-term.

3 weeks ago my boyfriend learned that he'd lost his financial aid for school and would have to drop out and get a job to pay for food and living, he was afraid he'd have trouble getting a job because he's been out of his field so long but a great opportunity came up and he got a job within a week.  The first Friday he had that job though, he was sick and missed work and got fired.  So obviously he's been stressed and depressed and he was texting me as much as he normally would have.  Logically I knew that this was nothing personal, but I had recently just revealed my history of mental health problems and I was afraid he was distancing myself because he didn't want to be in a relationship with someone ill.  I have Borderline Personality Disorder, which I know is the worst illness for a girlfriend to have.  Part of that illness is "frantic efforts to avoid real or imagine abandonment" and because of this I started thinking that I'd rather break up than live with the fear everyday that I might be abandoned.

Come the day of St. Patrick, my misandrist alcoholic best friend had been pushing me to come out to bars with her and I really didn't want to because I was afraid I might do something stupid if I were drunk.  Although I had feelings of wanting to break up, I knew I didn't really want to and was really trying to consciously reassure myself that I wasn't already losing my boyfriend and that it was irrational for me to think that.
I saw my boyfriend that day and I told him that my friend was advising me to send him nasty texts for not being responsive and telling me to threaten to break up with him and that she was really pushing me to go out and drink.  I was really hoping my boyfriend would stay with me that night and talk through the problems we were obviously having, but he decided he wanted to go see his friends and, being upset, I told him "Fine, but realize you're leaving me feeling sexually neglected and [my friend]'s been pushing me to dress up like a slut and go out to bars tonight." He took this as passive aggressiveness, which is the one thing he's told me he can't tolerate, and asked me to leave.

When I drove home I had no intentions of actually going to see my friend or going out to cheat. I texted my friend that I wasn't seeing her and to not respond, but when I got home, as I was texting, I accidentally answered a call from her and she convinced me that "We would just have a few drinks and stay in and watch movies and that she just didn't want me to be alone." I was convinced at that time that I'd only have a drink or two and spend the evening trying to convince my friend that I needed her to support me in being patient and understanding with my boyfriend and that she needed to stop telling me to find another man just because this one's been depressed for legitimate reasons recently.

I ended up drinking way too much and decided that she was right and that my boyfriend was a dick and that I was being mistreated. We went out to the bars after having 4 drinks at her place, we took about 4 shots on the walk there, and then had 2 or 3 more drinks once we were there. At the end of the night I ended up making out with someone I wasn't even attracted to.  I don't even remember how it happened, only that it already had.  Once I realized what was going on I stopped myself and we left.  My friend at the time had been laughing and taking pictures.

I know that I am responsible for this and I do not mean to make it seem like I blame my friend, I just want to stress what a negative influence I had that night and that my intentions before I was drunk, and even when I started drinking, were still in no way to cheat on my boyfriend.  Needless to say though, my friend and I are not talking anymore.

I told my boyfriend the next day, and told him I assumed this meant we were over, to which he more or less agreed.  He started texting me later that day though, saying that I had planned this and more or less threatened to do it before I left his house that day.  I explained everything to him that I had typed above and he told me it's not a matter of forgiveness but that he could never trust me again.  I asked if I could try to earn that trust back and he told me he didn't know, this was 5 days ago and he still doesn't know if he can take the risk of letting me back into his life.

I haven't been able to think of anything else but trying to win him back.  I've explained myself, I've made changes to remove bad influences from my life, I've accepted that I should never have even drank that day knowing that I was upset and couldn't trust myself.  I haven't been able to sleep, I've been staying up all night texting anything I might think could help or that I want him to know before it's completely over.  I can't just move on because he hasn't explicitly told me that there's no hope, so I have to keep trying.

I saw him yesterday, he's very unresponsive with texts and calls and he wasn't letting me see him and apologize in person so I just knocked on his door and told him that I'd leave if he wanted me to but that I'd like to talk to him.  He let me in and there was nothing I could say that I hadn't already texted, but it was a relief to actually have a response and to actually be able to see him and hear him.  He let me put my arms around him and weep and tell him how sorry I was, he didn't push me away but he also didn't reciprocate in any way.  

Tomorrow's his birthday and, after I saw him yesterday, I felt like my time would be better spent making him a cake then texting him essays that he probably won't even read. Today he didn't respond to any texts or calls, so towards the end of the night I started sending texts that were equivalent to "If you don't tell me not to, I'm coming over and bringing you a cake", he didn't respond but I couldn't just do nothing.  So, I drove for an hour and knocked on his door and woke him up.  He accepted my cake and card but said nothing besides "I was sleeping and I'm going back to sleep".  He didn't seem angry and he almost seemed to smile when I gave him the cake.  It's shaped like a heart because I'm corny.

I couldn't lie to my boyfriend and tell him that he should trust me or that there's no risk in getting back together with me, but I told him that I recognize that my diagnosis is not an excuse but something that I need to be conscientious of and really work to not give in to.  I told him that I obviously need more therapy, but that if I start to feel like I'm going to do something stupid because of imagined fears of abandonment, I will seek professional help before something happens.

It's been 5 days and I don't feel like he's completely rejected me, he continues to say that he doesn't know what he's going to do, and that he really did love me and really did not want to lose me.  Is there anything else reddit thinks I can do to show my boyfriend that, even if it is risky, it'll be worth it?

What would you want a girlfriend to do to show you she's sorry?  I assume I can't just keep bringing him baked goods.

Summary:
I don't even remember how it happened, only that it already had.
My boyfriend and I have been dating for 4 months.
I haven't been able to think of anything else but trying to win him back.
Needless to say though, my friend and I are not talking anymore.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
