Original Response:
So I keep battling with this situation and it is driving me crazy. I'm going to try to keep this as short as possible. 

About four years ago, I had just gotten out of my first serious relationship, and started due to a combination of circumstances, started to get close to a distant "friend of a friend". It was the summer, we live by each other and were both back from college, we spent almost every evening together, just hanging out. It was honestly awesome. We always had fun. 

Meanwhile, I was pining for my ex-bf (who was horrible, and we never had a good relationship, i was young, stupid, obsessed, comfortable, etc). One day this new friend, told me he likes me. By this time, my ex bf had already started to say he wanted to get back together. I told my new friend...lets call him Will, that I'm sorry but i do not feel the same way. 

so for the past 4 years, i did an awful/stupid on and off thing with the ex bf...which finally stopped for good almost 6/7 months ago. I finally feel free and happy again. I honestly think he just became an obsession and a comfort. 

Regardless, and more relevantly, I stayed friends with.. Will, and there have been 3 instances when we sort of tried to date, during the "off" periods with the other guy. Each time I guess I was never really done torturing myself about the other guy and just went back to him, and told Will no sorry. ( Yes, very bitchy). 

I'm worried that the reason I did that was because I'd prefer to stay in something comfortable that I can't possibly mess up more, than risk messing up another relationship with someone awesome. Also i thought my ex was awesome before we dated. Was it that? Or was it that I didnt really like Will?

Well anyways, there have been moments, and even periods of time when i think about Will a lot and i like him. I imagine how it would be to be with him, and never think of anything bad. It is one of my biggest regrets, was not trying it out back than.

Somehow, I have recently gotten yet another chance to try things with Will. I think Will is awesome. We went out together somewhere and he, once again, went in for a kiss, and we ended up hooking up for a while. I was very surprised by how well it went. 

I couldn't stop thinking about our physical interaction. I decided, I would try to hang out with him more one on one (we have a lot of mutual friends too) and see how i felt, and if i felt confident that i liked him, I would go for it. But the next time we hung out we also hooked up, so i bought up my old feelings, and I said im not sure how I feel about it now, I'm not sure why I ever said no to him, was it because I didnt like him, was it because I was obsessed with my ex, was it because I was scared to fail?

In our off periods, I dated a few guys, a few awesome ones, but always when my ex came back into the picture, I would ditch them. I was seriously obsessed. The only times I have seriously liked guys were when they were his friends. I'm not sure if it was to get even / to hurt him etc. Obviously immature, crazy, messed up situation. There was one guy was interested in me, and I liked him as well. He was somewhat friendly with my ex. However, there were a few times, that even though I felt like i really liked this guy, I picked sleeping over my ex's house over hanging out with that guy. I'm still not sure why I did that.

Before my ex ever stepped into the picture this has happened as well.

Time 1: I really liked a guy in HS, and found out he liked me to, but was scared to kiss him for a year, because I thought I was a bad kisser and that one bad kiss would mess it all up. We even went on a date, and I still never kissed him.

Time 2: I really liked another guy, we would flirt all the time, etc. He asked me to hang out with him, and I said I couldn't do it, and sort of began to ignore him.

Clearly, this is a reoccurring issue. I finally kissed a few guys I didn't know (randomly met on vacation etc) and wasn't scared that it would be bad, because I would never need to see them again, and gained some confidence in that. 

Sorry that was some background to help understand why I dont trust my own feelings. So since than we talk more, and we hung out again, and hooked up and I said you know lets think about this.

I think about it all the time. I love talking to him, I love hanging out with him, we have very similar life goals, no one will ever like me like he does (for real). He really appreciates and likes me. I respect him, I appreciate him, I think whoever he dates, is going to be the luckiest girl. And I'm excited about it, but whenever his actions do something to make dating seem more of a potential, I get this feeling that I cant ignore. Its like dread?fear? I'm not sure how to call it, but it is not positive. I'm not sure if I don't like him, I dont like him enough, or I'm just scared to loose a friend? Fail at another relationship? Be miserable in another relationship? (I've already learned that I am terrible at being the one to break up with someone)

tl;dr I don't know why I keep getting a negative feeling when I think of possibly dating the greatest guy, do I not like him? Or am I sabotaging myself?

Summary:
I think about it all the time.
I think Will is awesome.
I'm still not sure why I did that.
Or was it that I didnt really like Will?
The only times I have seriously liked guys were when they were his friends.
We even went on a date, and I still never kissed him.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
