Original Response:
23F, he 24M.  We met about 8 months ago, got drunk and hooked up the first night we met and have stayed in contact/become fairly good friends since.  I got out of a 7 and some change year relationship about 5 months prior, and had a brief rebound relationship with a dude in a relationship before meeting him.  That being said, I was a mess personally when I met him and have grown a lot as a person in the time that we have been friends.

Over the last 8 months, we have talked a lot online and have seen each other on average once a month.  I've liked him from the beginning, but since I was just getting out of a relationship/felt so fucked up, I didn't want to rush anything.  I didn't know if I wanted to be in a relationship because that's what I was used to, or if I wanted to actually be in a relationship again.  And I'm still not 100% if it's something I'm ready for.  So, I put off having a conversation about the status of things because it was working for me as is (admittedly, I overthink things a lot, so this wasn't totally easy, but oh well).

I saw him and we were both drunk, him more so than me.  I don't even know how things went from drunk and hooking up to a serious conversation (which, we don't have serious conversations.  like, ever.  so it was weird to begin with).  I found some things out.  Whatever we have been doing, he never wanted it to a relationship.  Okay, I didn't know if I wanted that myself.  I told him how I felt, that I like him, look forward to talking to him, and he said he didn't feel those things for me, and he told me that he's been in love with another girl for the past several years - "I'm in love with another girl and it isn't you." Didn't see that coming.  I kept (or tried to) things light.  This whole conversation happened while we were naked in my bed together.  I told him that I never expected him to love me (although it would have been nice... didn't say that part to him)  We had a longish talk about their relationship, why if they both love each other they aren't with each other and he said they just couldn't be.  They both know that they are seeing other people.  He has seen her since starting things with me.  She doesn't know about me (understandably).  He tells her he loves her ever day, and I'm pretty sure he took a phone call from her while he was with me, but I could be wrong.  I am jealous of her, and I am sad for him.  He's really great.  Like really fucking great.  Everything I would look for in a guy to date.  I want him to be happy, he deserves that.  He ended up saying that he's just not in a place to be in a relationship at all right now, even if she wasn't in the picture, and that's okay.

We talked about a lot of other stuff, I got some things off my chest about my life that I've been really wanting him to know.  We both admitted that we had been afraid that we were using each other.  We had sex several times, slept in the same bed, parted on good terms in the morning.  He said that if the feelings I have get too strong I need to tell him, and of course I do.  I don't want to get hurt.  But right now, I don't think I am ready to be someone's girlfriend again.  But I don't think I'm ready yet.  So this works, for now.  I do like him, and he has become a good guy friend of mine.  Who yes, I happen to fuck, but Jesus the sex is good.  I would let him do literally anything to me.

I've just never been in this situation before.  I'm certainly glad to have the clarity that I've been wanting, but the information is a lot to process.  I was sad to find out about the other girl, but I did my best to try and understand and to encourage him to be with her, even though I want him to want to be with me.  If it were just sex, I think I'd feel differently, but this is someone I've talked to almost every week day for quite a while.  And I know we are friends, but it's just confusing to me.  With the answers I got, I just don't know what to do moving forward.

I know FWB relationships don't work if someone has feelings.  And he knows that I do feel something for him.  I haven't been shy about that from pretty much the beginning.  They aren't so strong that I can't handle this, and I'm glad to know now that I am free to meet other guys.  But I just feel like they won't measure up.  I know this isn't true, because that's how I felt about my long term ex, and then I met my FWB.  But he really is what I'm looking for, attractive (both handsomely and adorably), smart, hilariously funny, sexy, in great shape, hard working... I could go on.  I just think he's the total package.

I guess I'm just looking for some guidance or something.  Has anyone had a FWB situation like this that worked out in the long run?  I'd be lying if I said I wasn't still hopeful we could be something somewhere down the line.  But even if we aren't, how do I manage the feelings?  And when do I know to walk away?

Thanks, and sorry for the wall'o'text.

TL;DR: Cleared up that we've been FWB for 8 months, he doesn't want a relationship, has been in love with another girl for several years.  I don't know what I want, think I feel okay with things for now.  Just don't know what I've gotten myself into.

Summary:
And he knows that I do feel something for him.
I know FWB relationships don't work if someone has feelings.
Okay, I didn't know if I wanted that myself.
I don't want to get hurt.
I found some things out.
And I know we are friends, but it's just confusing to me.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
