Original Response:
A little background:  We’re both 23, have been dating about a year and a half.  My first serious relationship, while she’s had a long term relationship in the past, but doesn’t feel it was very functional.  We’re both somewhat sensitive people.  Both quite talented, creative, sort of idealistic people.  We’re similarly, I don’t want to say immature, but perhaps a little slower at developing into independent, self-responsible adults than others.  We both live at home.  We’re both the 3rd child in families of 4 kids.  We met in fifth grade, I had a huge crush on her in middle school, we went to different high schools, and then starting dating after she invited me to her college graduation party.
 
** **
Lately, things have become a little strained.  I think part of it is the honeymoon phase of the relationship ending, and all that initial magic making things so fun and easy wearing out a little.  Especially with our history, everything seemed like a fairy-tale.  But I feel like I went in with a good understanding of the realities of a committed relationship and I am still very appreciative of what we have.
 
 
Concurrently, we’re both transitioning into phases of focusing on ourselves.  Admittedly, I’ve realized in ways I have sort of “lost” myself in the relationship a bit - have probably been focusing too much on it, and neglected other areas of my life.  Now, in the past few months, I’ve been working harder than ever in school to finish off my degree, and am beginning to start thinking about my future seriously instead of avoiding the obstacles in my life.  She has been busy working on long and short term art projects, and stressed out balancing her work and family obligations.
 
 
Despite things being more difficult than they have been, I feel like overall things are going okay.  But I’ve realized I’ve been holding back some feelings.  I feel unappreciated in the relationship.  I’ve been holding it in, but at this point have realized there’s something significant bothering me and I know I have to address it.  So I want to make sure I do it right.  I am looking for insight, thoughts, or any other things to consider.

 
To preface, understanding and expressing my needs has always been an area of weakness for me.  Last year, the last time I felt like I had things on my mind, in my attempt to express my concerns in the relationship, I ended up giving her a lecture on health-habits and the importance of exercise.  It was really bad, and only later did I realize I was in complete denial of my situation and was actually projecting my feelings of self-disappointment onto to her.  I was stubborn about it too at first, insisting that I didn’t mean to hurt her but I meant what I said.  She broke up with me and we got back together after I reflected and gave her a real apology.  I think this also prompted me to take a closer look at my situation in life and become a more responsible person.  But it also scarred me and caused me to doubt voicing my feelings because I screwed up so bad.  So I want to be extra careful with the intent of my words this time around.

 
It’s difficult for me because I’m not confident on what those needs even are exactly, and what is reasonable or practical to expect.  In a general sense, I would say what bothers me is that I feel like she rarely shows appreciation in ways that are unprovoked or aren’t in response to something.  You know, little things.  I’ll make an effort to write her a poem, or a dumb little card, or make a surprise dinner.  I don’t do these things all the time, but here and there to let her know she’s important to me and that I’ll go out of my way to show her I like her.  And I don’t mean to sound like I expect the same back in return, but I guess to some extent I do, at least in the sense that I begin to wonder why she doesn’t do the same.

 
I’m starting to feel like a pushover.  Every time there is a problem, I do my best to be understanding and am willing to make changes or compromise.  But I feel like she doesn’t show gratitude or appreciation beyond basic verbal gestures.  As a result, I’m beginning to feel like she’s sweet-talking me when she says I’m the “best boyfriend in the world”.  
 

Now, I also realize that my tendencies play a large part in this dynamic; I am afraid of expressing my needs, of letting her know if things upset me, or ever “rocking the boat”.  I never really give her the opportunity to meet my needs because I’m afraid if I reveal them she won’t be able to or will choose not to.  But I am beginning to understand I’m not really doing her any favors by ultimately pretending to be someone I’m not, and that I must risk what we have if I want it to progress.
 

I’ve recognized a streak of co-dependent behaviour present in our relationship.  I speculate I have tendencies to put others’ needs before my own (probably learned from my mom who has an alcoholic brother).  A lot of my hurt feelings involve instances in which she does things for other people but not for the relationship.
 

For example, awhile ago she was venting to me about how she had this idea to make a gift for me, something she never got around to doing, and she told her sister about it.  Later her sister took that idea and began making it to give to her boyfriend and she wanted help.  My girlfriend was frustrated with this and felt she knowingly stole her idea and then denied memory of the discussion, but ended up helping her anyway.

 
This type of situation is somewhat common.  I have expressed to her that I feel she should stand up for herself and deserves to feel comfortable telling people “no” without feeling guilty.  I want to support her and I understand that she struggles with these things.  But what I have not told her is that it hurts my feelings that she would help her sister make a gift, intended for me, for someone else, when she doesn’t even want to, but otherwise not do it for me.  It makes me feel like I am not very important among her priorities.

 
It’s also difficult because it’s not that she never does anything for me.  It’s just that I feel like often the things she does do come from a place in the same, previously described, fashion where to me it seems like she did it mainly because she would feel bad if she didn’t.  She made me an amazing card for christmas.  Of course I really appreciate that, but leading up to it she would often express how stressed out she was about not knowing what to get me, to the point where I started to feel like it was seen as more of a chore, something that had to be done, than something she wanted to do for me.  Maybe thinking this way is wrong of me.  My point is that I’ve seen how she’ll do things out of obligation for others and I worry the things she does for me are the same way.  I also wonder if maybe in this sense, the ways we show appreciation are simply different, and perhaps times she is sacrificing for me I am not aware of it, or would even prefer that she not.

 
While these are pressing concerns, I feel like in many other ways our relationship is very good.  She’ll tell me she loves me and say meaningful, nice, and encouraging things.  She is reassuring of her commitment to me and our dreams of the future.  Lately, as our relationship has become more distant, I’ve become increasingly insecure about things.  I feel conflicted because, while I’m confident she isn’t consciously leading me on, I can’t help but wonder if the love I feel from her is a product of her genuine feelings for me or the comfort of the relationship.

 
I love her very much.  She is a kind, beautiful, interesting, and very talented person.  I admire the way she pursues her passions.  She is not outwardly a bold or assertive person, but she exudes a subtle sharp confidence in her abilities that few have.  She is considerate and patient with my peculiarities and sensitivity.  She motivates me to do creative things and work towards organizing my life in a way more involving things I am passionate about. 

 
For whatever it’s worth, I want to say my gut tells me we have a unique and special relationship.  However, I am also aware I am young and not very experienced in life and try to be open to all possibilities.
 

I’m worried of the possibility that confronting these issues will not lead to a response that satisfies my concerns.  I’m worried if what I think I need from the relationship is, in fact, even accurate.  I’m worried that perhaps she has been indirectly telling me she cannot offer me what I need, but in my denial I’ve been talking her out of what she really means and insisting everything is fine.

 
So, I feel like I want some reassurance, in whatever form that may be: some kind of gesture that shows me, despite the recent circumstances of the relationship, she cares for me.  Does this seem reasonable?  Am I just insecure and would I be better off searching for answers within?  What would be the best way to go about approaching this?  I really can’t tell if we have a few communication issues and I’m just over-reacting or if our relationship is dysfunctional at a fundamental level.  I could really use a little perspective.  Thank you for your time.

**TL;DR: I feel unappreciated.  Valid concern or just insecure?  How do I approach voicing my concerns?**

Summary:
I feel unappreciated in the relationship.
I’m starting to feel like a pushover.
I love her very much.
While these are pressing concerns, I feel like in many other ways our relationship is very good.
It makes me feel like I am not very important among her priorities.
But I’ve realized I’ve been holding back some feelings.
A lot of my hurt feelings involve instances in which she does things for other people but not for the relationship.
But I feel like she doesn’t show gratitude or appreciation beyond basic verbal gestures.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
