Original Response:
This is going to be long, please bear with me. 

So I met this guy via Tinder, never thought we'd be together, but well we did. He was chatty, friendly, outgoing, very comfortable to be with. I felt at ease with him. 

We 'got together' within a month. It is my first relationship [believe it or not], and he just got out of a marriage (2 years+ of marriage, 8 years with the ex). He told me after about 4/5th time we saw each other. I'm unable to shake off the idea that he only told me after he could see i was getting emotionally attached. He said he 'was married before'. It was a shock to me initially, but I kept quiet, who doesn't have a past right? I dared not probe too much because I didn't want to sound so invasive.

After a few more times of meet up we happened to be talking about this again and that's when i knew that his ex was in the same country as we are right now (this guy came from overseas so naturally i thought his ex was from his previous place, turns out they came over together). Another shock. And later realized he was 'in the midst of a divorce', not 'divorced already'. Seems like information was fed to me bit by bit. Okay but it's alright, some people just prefer not to talk about past relationships, and I didn’t dwell too much on that.

So after getting together with him, it's inevitable we'd have a talk on what we were then. And he said he sees potential in our relationship but it's complicated and he just got out of the marriage and it's too soon to be giving status to each other when we've only known each other for a month, not to mention he was still ‘traumatized’ by the previous marriage, all the drama and cheating etc., and he wasn’t ready yet. Understandably so. We are like two total opposites - me being a total amateur in this relationship thing and him just getting out of one marriage!
So. I said I understood and wasn’t forcing him to give me a status that quick anyway, and we agreed to keep it status quo first and see how it develops. However he felt that knowing each other physically - you know what I mean - is also part of developing a relationship. Long story short, we were together in an intimate sense. 

1)	Ambiguous Relationship Status

After some time I felt like a whore/slut, this relationship is a friends with benefits kind of situationship. I talked to him about it, which he disagreed and said he doesn't see me as a friend only, we are more than that, and told me not to have nonsense ideas about derogatory terms on myself. It happened a few times, we had some fights, and my insecurities were building. To me, love is simple – if we both have mututal feelings for each other, why am I not given a status? Why must he make it so complicated?

To be fair, lots of his friends / roommates have seen me before, he invites me to his gathering with his friends too. He texts me on an ‘almost daily’ basis to check on me, no ghosting or whatever. I say ‘almost daily’ because he has occasional bouts of disappearance. He'd say his phone battery went dead / data ran out / out with his friends. [FYI when he's with company he doesn't like using the phone] I just hate it because there is no accountability at all. I am not overly attached / clingy and need to have a conversation daily, but shouldn’t there at least be a quick update instead of complete disappearance for a whole day? Does it take so much time to send a quick 3sec text to let your SO know what you’re up to so they don’t worry? 

2)	Texting Habits

Anyway we frequently have fights over texting too, because he’s ‘not a phone person’, which I personally think is bulls***. I hate people who don’t reply to text, mid conversation. Conclusion of the fights is that I have to accept he’s someone who texts like this, this is the way he is, just suck it up. But it’s hard for me to change too, so we had many fights still. It has decreased a lot in recent times already though, I’ve gone used to his late replies and what nots. 

3)	Tinder

Once I found the Tinder app still on his phone, and asked him about it. He flared up, big time. He apologized for using it but started saying I was already angry and unable to listen to whatever he had to say. We had a big fight over it. In the end, we made up, he apologized again about using it but we didn’t talk about the issue anymore. A few months later, I saw his profile on Tinder again. I asked him about it, he said he wasn’t using it, and when I confronted him with the screenshot of his profile picture (which was a recent photo of himself, suggesting his recent activity on the app), he said he was only there to swipe a 10min for fun he wasn’t seriously swiping. Total bulls*** again. He later said there was no satisfactory explanation for that. 

Again this leads to the status of relationship because it seems like I have no right to request him to not use it since we are not officially together? We both have the rights to keep our options open though I’m totally not doing it and he claims he isn’t too. Which again leads to the question, if we are exclusive, and committed, why are we not given a status to each other?

Okay, I’m not obsessed about titles or whatever, though it seems like it so far. I just don’t understand what’s holding him back. What is he afraid I’d do that I haven’t done already? E.g. expecting us to spend time together, meet up, being accountable to each other, not seeing other people, etc. – normal things couple do. I just don’t want to feel like I’m some secret. 

4)	Try harder or leave?

Despite all of these, I still love him. He’s insensitive, and a block head. He spent Valentine’s Day with his gym friends and said we would celebrate together a few days later, which never happened. He forgot about my birthday and only found out on Facebook, then celebrated it with him and treated me to a $5 meal. I don’t care about the value of gifts or treats, it’s the thought that counts. I am more bothered by the fact he didn’t put more effort into my birthday though. A card would’ve made me so happy. I spend $100+ on his birthday, buying him his favorite video game, cabbing to his place to give him a surprise with a big cake, together with a card I spent lots of effort doing myself.

 It’s tough for me, there’s a disequilibrium, and I feel I’m putting in so much more effort into the relationship than him. I really don’t think a man who’s that interested in a girl would treat her like this. He keeps telling me he’s interested in me and he wants to continue seeing me, and he sees potential in us, it’s just that we fight so frequently in the past which made him fear giving me a status. Also, he has plans to leave the country sometime next year so he didn’t know what we are going to do then too. Plus his divorce just went through recently, so all these are points that he said he’s considering and also what’s holding him back in putting labels on us. I don’t know whether I am being impatient by always talking about this or setting my standards too low and bending myself out of shape to accommodate him when I’m obviously in a disadvantaged and vulnerable position. I’m already doing everything a girlfriend would do for a boyfriend, obviously there’s no incentive for him to develop the relationship further right? 

I don’t mind putting in all these effort as long as the feeling is mutual. I need some input from you guys and tell me what’s going on in this relationship. I’m totally inexperienced in this and I’m at a loss, always wondering where to draw the line between being unreasonable and getting what I deserve. Please help me! Thank you all in advance. Do ask me any questions and I’ll fill in more details if you guys need. 


**TL;DR; : Dating a guy I met on Tinder 8 months ago, together for 8 months too. We have no official status, and i feel like this is a FWB situationship. Should i be patient/try harder/stop wasting my time and leave? **.

Summary:
I just don’t want to feel like I’m some secret.
We had a big fight over it.
He said he 'was married before'.
I just don’t understand what’s holding him back.
I felt at ease with him.
He flared up, big time.
It’s tough for me, there’s a disequilibrium, and I feel I’m putting in so much more effort into the relationship than him.
I need some input from you guys and tell me what’s going on in this relationship.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.66
