Original Response:
Hey guys.

Me - 23/m; "B" - 22/F; History of friendship - 3 years. 

So I guess in order to start this off, I need to go back a long way. I will try and make this brief as possible.

I first met B at my school in the fall of 2010. We met through a mutual friend and we seemed to hit it off pretty well right at the get go. We became really great friends and began to hang out one on one quite often, sometimes 2 or 3 times a week. I began to develop feelings for her, but never revealed them to her at the time because she had a long distance boyfriend who lived in her hometown, and I wasn't sure if she felt the same way.

During the winter of 2010/2011 the boyfriend stepped out of the picture. One day we were hanging out like we normally do, and she began questioning me about how I really felt about her. At first I played dumb, because I didn't want to risk the relationship going to shit just because I had feelings for her, but eventually I admitted that I really did. B said she didn't feel the same, but agreed to stay friends with me.

For a couple weeks after that conversation, we began to do things that I would consider "dating"-like. We began to break the touch barrier when we sat together, involve slight sexual innuendo in our conversations, and one night we eventually started making out. B then said she "might like me a little bit, but wasn't sure".

After that night, we didn't hang out that much anymore. She would ignore my invites to hang out, and I began to get frustrated. After a couple attempts to save whatever kind of relationship me and B had going on, I gave up, and we didn't keep in contact for the longest time.

Later that year, I began to date other women more frequently. B did the same with dating other guys. We didn't reconnect until fall of 2011 when school was back in session. Apologies were made about the end of our friendship, and we began to hang out like friends once again, but less frequent.

OK, here is where we are caught up to date.

Me and B started to reconnect better this semester and began to hang out a little bit more than we used to. It is B's last semester.

One night earlier this year, we go out for a few drinks, and we began to make out again back at her dorm. When we talked about it later, she told me she usually knows when she likes someone, and she knows when she is friends with someone, but she doesn't know how she feels about me. I told her that I've always had feelings for her, but I was also at a weird time because I wasn't ready to be committed to someone because of school and still had some ties to other people I've been dating/seeing recently. We both shrugged and I said "I think I'm having fun right now, and you are too, why do we have to label anything?" B agreed. I told her I just really cared about hanging out with her before she leaves, because I might never see her again.

We've been hanging out with the amount of time that allows us. I have my friends, she has hers (we are in two different social groups, we only have a couple mutual friends). When we hang out though, things are a bit different. It then became this joke where she would tell me I'm a bad kisser (referencing the kiss back in the winter of 2011) and I tell her to shut up and give her another one. We lay together in the same bed touching. About two or three weeks ago, we also began to do sexual stuff (anything but sex).

I haven't seen her much lately though, she was working on her last bit of school stuff, and I was busy with work and school stuff. B invited me to see her last play (she is/was a theatre performance) on tuesday. It was the first time I saw in awhile. And not to sound cheezy, but that play was so god damn good and beautiful, that I honestly got a little teared up. I saw her at the end and congratulated her on it. She had to go quickly though, because she had a bit of people to see to thank and hang out with afterwards, but told me she could see me one last time before she leaves.

And thats why I'm here. I'm only going to see her one more time before she leaves to go back to her hometown. And I'm... sad. I just feel sad that for as long as I've been chasing this girl, we finally start to get somewhere and she has to leave. 

I'm wondering if I should bring up how I feel at all to her. Should I? Is it really going to matter if she is moving? I don't want to jump a relationship on her if she doesn't feel the same, but I would love to keep seeing her if she is willing to. But isn't that a crazy thing to ask? We haven't talk about these kinds of things yet. And the way things ended with us not talking and being mad last time really sucked. I just want to avoid it. I don't want to appear crazy though.

She isn't moving that far away, only a couple hours, and she is talking about moving back in the fall in order to do some internships/job hunting in my city. I don't know how much I can trust that judgement though.

TL;DR

**Been friends with this girl for a really long time. We've tried dating once in the past and it didn't work out. We started seeing each other more recently because she is going to be moving back to her hometown. Feelings are confusing. Is it worth saying anything to her about it or should I just let the relationship die off? I don't know if I should say I'm bummed about her leaving or not.**

Summary:
We started seeing each other more recently because she is going to be moving back to her hometown.
I'm only going to see her one more time before she leaves to go back to her hometown.
I just want to avoid it.
B did the same with dating other guys.
When we hang out though, things are a bit different.
B said she didn't feel the same, but agreed to stay friends with me.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
