Original Response:
I've been dating the same woman for three years. We met on OkCupid, and we both hit it off with an ability to converse deeply and a good amount of chemistry. Both of us were relatively inexperienced when we first began dating, although she was less so than I.

Several times, I broke off the relationship, but we always ended up back together. To give an idea of the degree to which this happened, we moved 3000 miles across the country together and, last year, I broke up with her and asked her to leave. She did. She moved back across the country. When she was gone, I begged her to come back, and she did that too.

I realize this was excruciating for her. I've broken up with her so many times, and only until recently have I realized what I was feeling.

I was never quite happy when we were together. I would skip pleasurable activities like going outside with her, and I would forego interacting with and opening up to coworkers to have a good time in my own life. Sometimes, I would try, but the effort never left me satisfied.

Now, it seems like I isolated myself because *I was afraid I would fall in love with someone else, and to do that would result in me realizing that I did not really love my girlfriend at all*. When she was gone, *I was afraid of the thought of opening up to other people in order to form new, satisfying relationships*, which is why I begged her to come back. I'd isolated myself so much that I could only find happiness in that one relationship, yet I often felt uneasy about my sense of (lack of) happiness in the relationship anyway. I was double-bound with fear.

A few months ago, I began developing a bond with one of my coworkers. We had a discussion about tea, and she lent me some. Every couple of days since, I would stop by her desk to borrow more tea and have a short chat. I enjoyed the company.

Over time, I found myself hanging out with her and other coworkers more. It was relieving toward the feelings of isolation and anxiety and fear. She is genuinely content and optimistic in such a way that it has made me more open toward her and other people around me. The way with which she accepts me makes me feel like I can be more open with everyone, like nothing I do or say can be wrong.

In the past couple of weeks, the level of attraction between us has become palpable. She demonstrates it by doing things like complimenting my appearance, finding her way to my side when there are opportunities to be social in the office, taking pictures of me with her smartphone, finding excuses to touch me, and suggesting we work on a project together.

My coworker has gone so far as to suggest going on a trip with me and asking me to go camping when her friends' cars were full and she wanted to bring someone along. I declined at the time because I wasn't sure if she knew I broke up with my ex-girlfriend yet. I wanted to avoid that conversation at the time. Nonetheless, we spent hours talking to each other after work in this situation.

This is where is starts sounding like I'm being obsessive. That feeling of fear comes up, and it leaves two possibilities: either she likes me a lot or she is just very nice and I am completely misreading her feelings.

I don't want to dump all of my emotions on one person because if this does not work out (as I am, most definitely, going to pursue her), I would probably fall into a depression. How could I not if I've convinced myself it is her that is making me happy?

I would rather think that what has really happened is I've changed for the better. *I've stopped isolating myself, and in the process, I've found someone who is attracted to me for who I am and I to her.* My ex-girlfriend was certainly attracted to me, but I never felt the same, and I felt a large amount of burdensome guilt over knowing she was always trying harder in the relationship than I was.

It's important to point out that I don't focus all of my attention on her. I *feel* obsessive, but I don't act it. When we're in a small group of friends, I've overcome my anxiety and am able to talk to *everyone* around me rather than just focusing on her. But the most pleasurable moments are when her and I make eye contact and begin talking to one another.

In the past, I've gone through relationships in a strange way, including the last. I would start off with attraction and then trying to announce (or ask) that we are officially in a relationship, as if the label was what created the bond. And everything went downhill from there, as I felt the effort required could drop off now that we labelled it. This time, I don't want to do that. I'm too engrossed in feeling through all of the emotions, the eye contact, the conversations, the experiences, and the positivity. I think asking if she wants to be in a relationship will ruin the flirting, where I have not once shown her any sense of dissatisfaction. I've never whined to her that I need more of her attention. I've never bombarded her with messages and asked her why she doesn't answer. I've never done any of the immature shit I pulled in my past relationships. I've never revealed any insecurity about how I think she feels about me. I'd like to think I know, that part of the anxiety melting away is a new ability to sense peoples' feelings better.

All I want to do is take her out on a date, look into her eyes, and kiss her without asking, where nothing needs to be said because we both know how the other feels.

**TL;DR: I've left an on-again-off-again relationship because I feel intensely about a coworker. We flirt with each other, giving compliments, lots of eye contact, and starting to suggest going places together. Am I being obsessive or stupid in wanting to pursue her?**

I am going to ask her out on a date regardless, this week, probably tomorrow. But I'm genuinely curious if anything I've typed here raises flags for people. Is there something I'm missing in analyzing my own feelings and my rationale for how the two of us feel about each other? Is there a reason I should feel differently? I don't have a sense of this beyond a small amount of skepticism that comes from the same place as my old fears, insecurities, and inadequacies surrounding relationships. Are there rational reasons to be frightened?

Summary:
This time, I don't want to do that.
I've never revealed any insecurity about how I think she feels about me.
I wanted to avoid that conversation at the time.
I was never quite happy when we were together.
When she was gone, I begged her to come back, and she did that too.
I was double-bound with fear.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
