Original Response:
This is essentially quite a long winded problem, but with quite a snappy summary. Essentially, the crux of the issue is that after discovering a flirty and suggestive exchange of texting between my GF ( 18 ) and a co-worker of hers (Late 20s) i ( 20) have been unsure and justifiably anxious about the sincerity of the relationship.
I brought up the conversation with her about the co-worker, we discussed that it didn't mean anything to her and to an extend i was able to believe her and move on, after she became quite upset.

Tonight however I let jealousy and paranoia get the better of me and I checked her phone. There were no immediate texts to read, however a history tab showed months worth of past conversations with the co-worker, not detailing full messages, but just a line or so from each, and that was more than enough to find out what has been going on.

it is inconclusive as to whether these conversations have been acted on, but in combination with sexual texts, and a history of phone calls made in the early hours of the morning, as well as the mentioning of kisses at work, references to things that have happened such as " yeah that was fun" and other flirty workplace things,( one example that was spelled out in detail was her grinding on him while at work) it obviously leads me to believe that this is more than what she made it out to be when we talked about it before.

I'm writing in somewhat a robotic fashion for someone who's just found out that their girlfriend has been doing a lot more than flirting with a co-worker, and has lied about the extent of it, but since she is here asleep, I'm trying to remain somewhat objective so that i don't start yelling and doing normal cheated on kind of behaviour.

I'm obviously going to confront her, but there are some issues that, in hindsight, make it slightly more complicated than just shouting " WHU DA FAWK R U SHAGGIN" or something equally as ridiculous and incendiary.
Firstly, we met online about 11 months ago, and since we met it has been amazing, we have tonnes in common and we are so comfortable with each other.

 in light of the current situation, it makes it sound rather stupid, but we have been talking about being together for a very long time. I am going to university in September, and this naturally is an issue for the relationship, but it was nothing that I felt we couldn't handle, since we had been going so well.
We have only really had one fight before, and that is when she checked MY phone. at the time, i was applying for university, and was anxious about it, but felt that i could not talk to her, since she was upset about having me move away.

considering that she is effectively the closest person to me at this point, i get quite frustrated that i can';t share what I'm feeling about the issue. I therefore confide in a friend, and end up venting about her, whereby i mention she should "grow up" and that i don't feel i can talk to her about some things.

The comments were out of proportion to how i actually felt, because of their pent up nature, however when she confronted me, i was mortified that she had read them, and within a few weeks the issue had blown over and I had ignored the fact she had unlocked my phone and read through my messages.

Next up is the physical issue of the relationship. Essentially i have a much lower sex drive than she does, and this has sometimes lead to her feeling as though it's her fault I'm not " into it" we have talked many times about this and I'd like to believe she believes me when i say that i don't have eyes for anyone else, and that she does turn me on. She also has a couple of fetishes that I'm really not into.
 She also has a relationship history going back a good few years, of sneaking around with older guys ( just like said co-worker)
Other than what I'm writing about here, she treats me very well, her family is fairly well off and before she started working they would fund whatever she wanted, and since i work part time, as well as studying, and at the same time, contribute to my household expenses ( my parents are on the other end of the spectrum) i do not have a great deal of disposable income, if any.

 She likes to go out to dinner and go for drinks and a lot of the time she pays, which i do not like her doing, and i make a point of never asking her to spend money on me.
However i feel that if push comes to shove and we end up breaking up, she may use the fact that she funds most of the things we do, and get, against me. I almost feel bad bringing this whole thing up, since on paper, she is such a great girlfriend to me.

This whole thing puts some things into context. One, for example is the fact that she regularly gets "panic attacks" whereby she starts crying her eyes out in her sleep, and i have to wake her and try and calm her down. this can be as regular as a couple of times a night, and then none for a while.
I ask her if there is anything she is anxious or worried about, since these are triggered from sleep, I assume she is having a nightmare, or she is feeling some negative stuff. Its an assumption but these events could be due to the guilt of flirting/ meeting/ being unfaithful.

This issue raises more long lasting questions, that can't just be resolved by " oh i won't do it again i promise" which is what she told me when I brought this up before. Since then she has still been flirting and texting this guy ( which is all I thought it was at that point).
I think I've covered pretty much everything, but i feel as though there are some serious trust issues coming up, first with her checking my phone and I'm assuming web history and other things.

That shows that she doesn't trust me, which is something i will want to discuss with her, and also the fact that I'm seriously doubting how this relationship can work, if I'm feeling the need to check up on her phone. Not to mention the fact that when i leave, how can I trust her to be faithful after what I've seen tonight?




TL;DR
I discovered flirty messages with a co-worker. She assured me it would not continue, and it meant nothing. Tonight i have given in to paranoia and temptation, checked her phone and found a history going back months of flirtation, evidence of physical exchange ( kiss / workplace innapropriateness) and I am now thinking about how to approach the confrontation with her.

Summary:
TL;DR
I discovered flirty messages with a co-worker.
Since then she has still been flirting and texting this guy ( which is all I thought it was at that point).
Next up is the physical issue of the relationship.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
