Original Response:
Where do I even start...

Been together almost 7 years. I'm 25, he is 34.

Well I don't think this is an issue we are breaking up over or canceling any wedding plans to start. This is me wanting to hear how other people got past some of their insecurities when growing up because I am tired of being a jerk and feeling/acting like this. How do you let go of what has happened in the past and not use that to (unintentionally) fuel your fears? How do you realize things won't always be “fair” and sometimes, even if you have given up something for your partner, that doesn't mean they will give it up for you. How do you be ok with that?

So I guess those are my questions, now to explain why I would be asking them. The majority of this is old news and we have worked through it and most of this stuff hasn't happened for years, its just I keep looking back on it and wondering if it might happen again.

Getting married to my fiance of almost 7 years. When he turned 30 he had to go and contact a lot of old exes and crushes and get “closure” because he was freaking out about leaving his twenties. He did a lot of lying and hiding things for several years and it really wore my trust down. Now he never physically cheated, emotionally perhaps, but the kicker for me is more along the lines that I communicated to him half a dozen times how it was getting to be too much for me to handle after he was 31 and still freaking out about being 30 and he ignored my feelings and continued to lie to me. When I finally told him it was me or all these other women he seemed to get it but he also just got better at hiding things and I just appreciated his effort and tried to have faith in him, tried to just give my blind trust but it was hard.

I thought I was past it all, I really did. But as the wedding approaches I find myself increasing worried that with another major life transition looming he will start this behavior and since I know he is capable of lying to my face for months, I would never know if he was doing anything. Snooping isn't an option, I honestly don't believe in it and the 2 times it has happened since I have been with him it has almost destroyed me. I simply can't look. Even if I could bring myself to he is waaaaaay too tech savvy with things and they are all locked down, ie. his phone takes a picture of whoever unlocks it and emails it to him. He's always been weird about security so this isn't new at all, just how he is. So doubly not an option.

We had an argument last night and I asked him flat out if he was doing any of that stuff and tried my best to explain to him how I was feeling and why, but it only insulted him that I would bring up old stuff and it wasn't the only issue we were fighting about either and had been a realllly long day. I also have a pretty severe injury right now that renders my right arm mostly useless and I'm in a lot of pain most the time, so I'm not my normal self and get agitated easily and my emotional control is of short supply. It did not go well, harsh things were said and of course today we are not talking. Been a long while since we have had a fight like this.

**Anyway he promised me he wasn't and he wouldn't ever do those things again, he got it all out of his system a few years ago. I believe him, I do I just can't help but still have that fear nagging at the back of my mind, what if? I can usually tell if he is lying and I truly believe he wasn't, so how do I just let it all go for once and all and not have it cause these insecurities?**

The other issue, and it's pretty freaking stupid, is the bachelor party. We covered our boundaries (I really didn't like the idea of him having strippers outside of a club, in a club fine, but behind closed doors not very comfortable with it and he agreed that was a good boundary for us both as he wouldn't be ok with that for me either) and whatnot a while ago and I thought we were good to go. Now yesterday as I was walking in the door, bad timing after a long day btw to bring up anything you know isn't a favorite topic with your SO, and he mentioned his best  man wants to do something really crazy for his bachelor party and maybe go to Alaska. 

Now I have 2 issues with this:

1) We never take trips without each other, even our work trips mostly involve taking the other along if it is at all possible. My friends go to a concert in the town 2 hours over, I don't go as he has a hard time without me there, vice versa, we are pretty codependent. They invite me to go places and if it's out of town I already no its a huge NO, I imagine he feels the same way. Hell I do homework with my brothers 1 night a week and he has a hard time with me not being home for 3-4 hours that evening while he is. We don't have many in town friends and are busy a lot of the time so our free time is spent with each other, seems neither of us know how to branch out. I asked him if I came home and mentioned the same thing about going a very far distance away for my bachelorette party, how would he feel? He said, “I wouldn't want you to go, I'd be pretty upset” so its a mutual thing. I spent some time trying to find a compromise.

2) The total cost of our wedding/honeymoon is going to be close to 9k. I am footing 8k of this as he didn't want a wedding and usually isn't big on traveling, I make more money, and I am a great saver. That's fine, I don't really mind. But I asked him to let me know if the Alaska thing ends up happening soon so I could actually plan something out of town myself and mentioned he would have to cover more of the honeymoon costs so I could afford to fly myself and my MOH (she has no money) somewhere fun as well. I figured that would be a good compromise as normally he would never be ok with me going out of town, but if he is going to head off its a great opportunity for me to as well. We agreed out of town trips will involve no strippers on either side.

He wasn't terribly fond of me going somewhere as well but seemed to go with it.

**I don't want to feel this way, I should be happy if he gets to go somewhere awesome like Alaska, I shouldn't feel jealous or get upset. It's flat out ridiculous. Just our entire relationship has been this way and since I met him when I was very young, I never learned better. He always kept a close grip on me with everything from college stuff (I literally went to one college party the entire time I was in college) to most my male friends and I have no idea how to be my own person for the most part. I'm trying to figure out how to not let these things bother me. So I can be a better partner and grow the eff up!**

TL;DR 2 issues I really want to figure out how to resolve. Years ago my fiance did some shitty stuff and got good at lying during a “mid-life” crisis of turning 30, I'm finding it hard to not be afraid he may do it again in the future or now as our wedding approaches. We are also very codependent and the majority of our friends are out of town. We both get easily jealous and don't handle traveling without the other very well. I want to learn to get over my fear and to learn to be less codependent so I can be a better partner and stronger person. Any advice from people who have overcome these things?

EDIT: Also counseling is not an option for us at all. I'm fine with it, but he would never agree to it.

Summary:
I'm fine with it, but he would never agree to it.
I spent some time trying to find a compromise.
We are also very codependent and the majority of our friends are out of town.
I thought I was past it all, I really did.
That's fine, I don't really mind.
**

TL;DR 2 issues I really want to figure out how to resolve.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
