Original Response:
I am confused and lost, and I don't know where to begin. I suppose a good place to start is saying that I believe communication is paramount in any relationship, and that I have communicated all of what I am about to write here to him... at this point, I am simply looking for some outside perspective. This will be long.


I (23) have been in a relationship with my boyfriend (30) for well over a year. We met two summers ago at a program that my university (his alma mater) hosts that we both worked at. To be brief and very cliche, we hit it off immediately, and it felt like we had known each other for years. We had (and still have) so much in common, down to our majors, senses of humor, recreational activities, political and religious beliefs, and so much more, and we would discover shortly thereafter that we were extremely sexually compatible as well.


As the university program that summer came to an end, we made plans to see each other before my classes/his work started. Neither of us knew what would happen, but we both knew that we felt something for each other and were interested in forming a greater friendship at least.


Long story short, I visited him at his place, and we had sex at the end of the night. Let me tell you why this confused me more than usual at the time.


During the summer program, we often wound up in each other's company late at night. We would go for long walks, and would talk with each other about everything... I told this man more about my personal life after knowing him for just a few days than I had told my ex-boyfriend after knowing him for many months. I really can't explain why. I just felt comfortable and secure with him; the funny thing is, he also felt the same about me. He told me so much about his life, more than he had been comfortable telling any of his close friends in the past. A particularly difficult talking point for him was the matters surrounding his ex-girlfriend.


He told me that he and she had been together for several years, and that they had recently broken up. They lived apart and were in a long-distance relationship, and out of the years they were together, they had only lived together for one. He told me that he had sacrificed so much for her... he once turned down a great job offer for her because she didn't want to leave her own job just yet, but he told her that was OK because he could wait until she was ready. He wanted to be with her, and was willing to work a job that he disliked if it meant that a year from now, he would be better off. A year later, he was offered another equally great job opportunity several states away, and this time went out of his way to make sure that a job be ready and open for her so she didn't have to worry. Again, she told him that she didn't want to move, but that she still wanted to be with him; again, he turned down the job opportunity for her, because he too wanted to be with her. Again, he would stay in a workplace that made him miserable if it meant that something better in his personal life was on the horizon.


A few months later, they stopped seeing each other.


All of this he told me one night over the summer. It was only after we had slept together that he told me the same thing, but in greater detail.


He and she had been together for six years, and had only stopped seeing/communicating with one another two weeks before the start of the summer program... ie, about three weeks before we slept together. He also hinted that the two of them were not officially "broken up," though it was clear that it was heading in that direction.


After he told me these finer details, I felt horrible chills run throughout my body. I felt used and foolish, and I began to cry. He immediately comforted me, and told me that I wasn't a rebound. He promised me that he would never want to hurt me, and said that he never expected that the two of us would sleep together. To paraphrase, he then said that he felt something for me that seemed very strange considering we had met such a short time ago, and believed that our meeting may have "happened for a reason." He said that, with me, he would make sure to never repeat the mistakes he made in the past.


Fast forward about a year later. Only recently did I learn what those "mistakes" were, though I (and I'm sure you) were able to guess what they might be.


We were having dinner one night, and out of the blue, he asked, "What do you want to know about me?" He told me to ask him anything, and that no matter the question, he would answer truthfully. It was only at this point that I got up the nerve to ask him about those "mistakes" he made in the past.


He confessed to me that he had cheated on his (now officially) ex-girlfriend many, many times. He told me the names of all of the girls he fooled around and slept with, and told me "why" he did it. He said that he felt he was missing something in his relationship with his ex, though regardless of feeling that way, he acknowledged that it did not excuse the cheating and the lying. Throughout the entire process of his confessions, I sat in silence and just listened. He was visibly shaken, and was much more soft-spoken than I had ever heard him before. When he was finished, he told me that he was afraid of what I would think of him after telling me all of this. He was afraid that I would judge him harshly and not be able to trust him.


I trust him. Am I foolish for it? Am I naive? Since he cheated in the past, will he undoubtedly do so again, with me?


Believe it or not, I am still not done. Both of us have, in passing, tossed around the idea of possibly living together at some point in the future; however, he is hopefully pursuing a higher degree of education several states away next fall, which would turn our current, semi long-distance relationship into an even longer-distance relationship (though still drivable, if the plan were to be be for weekend visits as opposed to day visits). My own schooling will not be complete for another year, and he and I both agree that my "following him" (ie, transfering) or simply dropping out would be just silly. We both want the other to be happy, to be independent and strong, and to pursue our goals and dreams. There is absolutely no way that I would ask him to put off his own personal goals for another year to be with me, as he has done so twice in the past with his ex. Both times he did so turned out horribly in the end.


If he does indeed pursue the higher education he hopes to, we both understand that we may be too busy to see each other as frequently as we do... too busy to remain in a legitimate relationship. And even if we did decide to give it a try, what if he began to feel like he was "missing something" with me? In his previous relationship, proximity was undoubtedly a factor that influenced his cheating. Should I prepare myself for the worst?


Just as I didn't know where to start with this novel of a post, I don't really know where to end either. As I stated before, I'm lost and confused. I have communicated all of my feelings concerning these matters with him, and he has done the same with me, and above all else, I have stressed that I want him to be truthful with me; he knows that, no matter what, I will always listen to him and will try my best to understand, support, and be there for him.


I don't know what kind of answers or responses I am expecting to get from a post such as this. I guess I'm looking for clarity, and to see what outsiders make of this situation. It's very late/early, and I am certain that, at this point, I am beginning to ramble. If you have made it this far, thanks for reading.


**tl;dr (before reading the following, please know that this situation is very intricate and complicated, and that a reading of my entire post will make things much clearer than this tl;dr does...)**

* Boyfriend (30) and his ex-girlfriend were together for 6 years, and unbeknownst to me, had stopped seeing each other only a few weeks before he and I (23) met and slept together for the first time. They had long term plans in the works that fell through due to lack of communication, understanding, and support.
* Almost a year into his and my relationship, he confessed to me that he cheated on his ex multiple times. I trust him, but am wondering if I am foolish in doing so.
* He is planning on hopefully pursuing a degree of higher education in the fall, meaning that our currently semi long-distance relationship would turn into a longer-distance relationship. I know that proximity was ultimately a factor that led to his cheating on his ex. I am wondering if I should prepare for the worst.

As I have stated above, I am lost and am looking for outside perspective. What do you make of this situation? At this point, I'm not sure how to feel about everything.

Summary:
He told me that he and she had been together for several years, and that they had recently broken up.
Believe it or not, I am still not done.
Am I foolish for it?
As I stated before, I'm lost and confused.
I (23) have been in a relationship with my boyfriend (30) for well over a year.
He said that, with me, he would make sure to never repeat the mistakes he made in the past.
He immediately comforted me, and told me that I wasn't a rebound.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
