Original Response:
I really don't know where to start with this. We have such a long story, but I'll try and keep it relevant. I've known him 9 years.

I am an emotional wreck, I'm also getting ill because of all this. My emotions tend to rule over me a bit too much. My fiance is coming to the end of his 3 year degree. He applied after a serious accident left him struggling with work and I encouraged him to go for it and not give up. He has changed since then; he can be egotistical and so selfish. 

I gave up a big part of my life to be with him, when I graduated uni in 2009 I moved to be with him and became quite lonely, and lost my confidence. We did go through some rough patches, mostly regarding work and my self esteem. After his accident, we had to give up our flat and move in with my parents, which has been tough but they have been so supportive while he studied. I know the situation isn't ideal for either party and I've been stuck in the middle. The decision at the start of this was for me to find work while he studied, then when he was settled, we could move and I could find something better.

In his last term of study, my fiance has been given a lot of projects to work on, which is great. He's a musician studying to be a composer for film, television, video games etc. I'm so proud of how far he's come, but his determination to get where he wants to be has pushed me out of the picture. His attitude towards me is more distant, as if I don't matter to him anymore.

I know that my confidence issues have been a bone of contention for him. I used to be quite ambitious and proactive, but an abusive ex and loneliness took the wind out of my sails. It frustrates my fiance that I put myself down (not so much now) but his behaviour has left me feeling pretty worthless. When I moved to be with him I didn't know anybody and became emotionally dependent on him (I know, bad girl). I know that it was a bad move.

This new group of people he is working with are very talented broadcasting students, and he is very keen to work with them. He is drawn to them because of their attractive, ambitious qualities. But I am worried about one person in particular, a female film-maker. He has gotten quite close to her. She loves his tracks and has asked him to write for a couple of projects. I know that they talk about work a lot, but I am unhappy about the amount of time they text and call. He was devious about a female friend before. He has also been crashing at hers a couple of times a week for the last few weeks, before it was with other students after a shoot because she lives near campus. Last night he went to a late seminar by a film director.

I am going absolutely out of my mind worrying myself sick about this. I don't want to peek at his phone, because I don't want to know what's going on. I'm not blind. I can see how bad it looks and have agonised over what's going on, and what he's thinking. I am trying to put myself in his shoes and rationalise it. I know he is very stressed with only ~3 weeks until he completes his course. He turns 28 next month and is worried about turning 30. He is worried about money; his student loan is running out and he needs to find work (he's thinking about asking for bar work in the student pub, and crashing at this girl's place! Doesn't see a problem with it!).

It was my birthday last week. He didn't forget, but he forgot about a card or gift. Please don't think I am spoilt and entitled - my problem is not the material kind. The evening before, he exclaimed 'S**t, I need to get you a birthday present!'. I said not to bother buying something for the sake of buying something. I would rather he give me his time and his love. He was nice and came out for the day, despite being busy. But I feel like he doesn't care about our future together anymore. I've always been about the 'we', he is now very much the 'I'.

My family are worried about me. Especially Mum, who is scared I will try to do something 'silly'... again. I am on antidepressants and had counselling last year (mostly work problems, but ended up talking about fiance, unsurprisingly).

To an outsider it looks pretty black and white. I don't want to listen to my gut instinct. Maybe it's denial, but I don't want to give up on us and our future. I know relationships take a lot of work, and I know life isn't all peaches and cream. This is not the worst thing that will ever happen to me, I get that. I don't want to admit to myself that he hardly looks at me the way he used to, or that I don't feel he means it when he says I love you. My auntie said that someone can tell you they love you a hundred times a day, but it is a person's actions that show you how much you mean to them. I miss him so much, when he's here with me he's not *here*, if you know what I mean.

I don't want a gaping 9 year hole in my life, left where my best friend and I did everything together, and loved the same things. Our lives have been so tightly woven that I don't know how to be me anymore. People keep saying at least you aren't married with kids, but that doesn't help how I feel. I'm the one putting the effort in. I know I can't make him love me. I just don't want to feel like this. I just want to feel wanted again, like I mean something, instead of empty.

Happy to answer questions or elaborate. I'd appreciate anything. Thank you!

**TL;DR - Fiance is becoming distant through ambition, I am struggling to cope with reality of him possibly not wanting me in his life anymore.**

Summary:
I just don't want to feel like this.
I know that it was a bad move.
I miss him so much, when he's here with me he's not *here*, if you know what I mean.
I really don't know where to start with this.
I don't want to peek at his phone, because I don't want to know what's going on.
I've always been about the 'we', he is now very much the 'I'.
I can see how bad it looks and have agonised over what's going on, and what he's thinking.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
