Original Response:
Break down: Im 22 shes, 20. We've only been dating for little over seven months, before that we 'talked' for five. ( I wasnt willing to commit )

Shes a really insecure girl whose paranoid of my activities when i go out. Shes shy, and frequently avoids more crowded activity.
 
Not super crazy girlfriend, just the usual we're there pretty girls there? Did anyone hit on you? Every so often there is a "Are you sure you're not cheating on me?"
She is in a really bad part of her life right now, that area where you don't know why you're doing and trying to find direction in life. She barely understands her self from time to time and does make some irrational decisions. Shes very emotional and tends to dwell on the past, wishing to go back to the better 'times'. She is on medication and is going to counseling. She also has a horrible body image, like most girls.. but she is undoubtedly beautiful. But no matter how many times i tell her that and or tell her other things involving how gorgeous and amazing she looks she doesn't believe me. Though there are some moments where i don't understand her thinking process at all, she can be very irrational, unpredictable, having no thought process before some of her actions. Which actually doesn't annoy me cause im a very patient person. But we did have a great relationship, great communicated, great chemistry, great sex. She flips out every so often, but i call her out, calm her down and she realizes how irrational she was.

But don't get me wrong, i enjoy being around her; she is an amazing person whose awkward, weird, interesting, and in general fun to be around. But due to her rough past (Father issues, other females fucking her over during high-school yada yada yada ) she has a rough time believing in people none the less believing in her self. And though I've been in other serious relationships and i don't have as strong feelings as i do now for this girl. 

A little about me, im outgoing, charismatic, more of a leader than a follower type guy. Very calm and collective. Complete opposite of her, but it works out cause fit to each other like yin and yang. I like to be dominate, she likes someone whos willing to talk and be more in control. (Plays a big role in the bedroom )

But to the main story. About two weeks ago, she was showing me some of her messages on tumblr when i noticed a convo between her and her most recent ex. I'm more or less a jealous type so i basically told her besides work ( They work together ) that i rather not have her talk to him and or hang out with him. Which she obliged to cause they ended up being not made for each other at all. But they still had a long time fling, only dated for a month or two though. But his was a two message convo between him and her basically involving her mentioning hes rather large 'appendages'. Now she knows how much it upsets me when things are brought up involving him and her and shes not a dumb girl, quite sharp actually. Ive told her of the times in our relationship that i have actually been 'pissed off' (Which is very rare ) they were involving him. So she should know better. But when i confronted her about it, she didn't try to play it off or anything, she knew what she did was wrong and she fucked up. She had no reasoning behind her action and she explains that she did it mindlessly, jokingly at most. She apologized multiple times knowing that she messed up.


Now through out our relationship she has always had the trust issues (Due to her past relationships) and only recently did i gain her almost full trust. Ive always trusted her and let her do her and me do me, that is till message popped up.
So now i don't really trust her and find it hard to believe that shes not doing anything behind my back. ( She has cheated on 2 out of 4 of her relation ships so far). I know it was a small ordeal that message was, but before if i had a bad gut feeling about her, it'd go away instantly cause i was sure of my feelings and of hers. But due to that recent event it only reinforced that bad gut feeling and it wont go away. Keeping me up at nights, putting my stomach into knots. This has been a topic of conversation for the past two weeks and has only brought up argument and relationship talks. We have debated the fearsome "lets go on break" but i don't really think should be a viable option if a serious relationship is wanted. So now because of her unpredictable, irrational, and a bit bipolar way of thinking, i more or less dont understand her thoughts any more. She wants to stay together, stating things like im the best boyfriend shes ever had and related topics. I just have a fear of something is going to happen when im not around. Cause we do have two differnt lives and friend groups. She got screwed over by female friends growing up she tends to hang out different groups of guys. ( Annoys me, i hate myself for that fact )

But when it comes to me, i myself am split in my decision. A part of me wants to break up with her, because my visions and future prospects of a wanted long term relationship is starting to blur. But a bigger part of me enjoys being around this girl so fucking much.

Like she is unique quirky and just different from the typical girls im used too. Though it did come with its downsides.. lol. But my main issue is: am i being a little bitch and irrational to myself? or am i correct in the way i think as of right now. Cause usually i like being in charge of what im doing, in every aspect of my life. But currently words elude me when i need them the most and quite frankly i feel lost. And i fucking hate it. I dont know what to do. Help. ( A word i dont use often. ) Also i recently got a new job which has me traveling for 5-7 days once or twice a month. This only reinforces my paranoia that shes going to do something behind my back.

On a side note, that felt good writing that.

tl;dr
Im in a relationship with a girl who i adore and had so many visions of the future for, but due to recent events trust issues have come up and the dreaded relationship talk has come into play. Also i have twisting paranoid feeling in my gut that wont go away.

Summary:
I dont know what to do.
But due to that recent event it only reinforced that bad gut feeling and it wont go away.
And though I've been in other serious relationships and i don't have as strong feelings as i do now for this girl.
So now i don't really trust her and find it hard to believe that shes not doing anything behind my back.
But my main issue is: am i being a little bitch and irrational to myself?
So she should know better.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
