Original Response:
Me: 29 M
SO: 26 F

My sincerest apologies for this giant wall of text, but a special thanks to you folks taking the time to read through this. I've been feeling a sense of despair lately, and I just don't know where else to turn anymore. I figured that I could type this out with hopes that some of you wise redditors could offer some valuable insight. 

Some background: We've been in an on-and-off relationship for the past four years. We met in college, and when we first started dating, I was in a really dark place in my life. I was coping with a failed relationship in which I was cheated on, along with a few other traumatizing events that occurred around the same time in my life that resulted with me being diagnosed with PTSD. I was in therapy when we first started seeing each other, and I didn't imagine that we would last. I was very depressed, lost, and coping with a lot of emotional baggage. But she was a cheerful bright light in my life, and though I was in bad place, I felt very drawn to her. Matter of fact, I dreamt about meeting her before I even knew who she was. It was a weird case of deja vu when I first saw her. 

From the start, there were some very notable differences in our personalities that made us a bit incompatible with each other. We are pretty much 100% polar opposites. But for me, that's one of the things that I love most about her, and she expressed the same sentiment to me. She taught me so many new things about myself, about life, about love. I was upfront with her in the very beginning about the processes that I was undergoing, and she was understanding. She was always a great listener, and even though she couldn't relate to the things that were occurring in my life, her presence was enough to keep me grounded. She was truly an angel.

We never had a tumultuous relationship; there were never any spikes nor fights. We argued quite a bit, and it mainly had to do with the fact that we didn't spend enough time together. At first, I didn't want to spend too much time together with her because I didn't feel ready to be in a relationship, but once our dating situation shifted into a relationship, I'd freak out every once in a while. I wanted so badly to trust her, but a part of me was still incredibly wounded from being betrayed in a previous relationship, and I was still coping with other madness that had happened in my family that I couldn't seem to process at the time. So I'd withdraw emotionally. And this resulted in us breaking up several times. But every time we did, we'd somehow end up reconnecting weeks later.

The way we'd reconnect was always strange. Though I'd think about her on a daily basis, on some days, I'd get really strong impulses to call her. And when I couldn't seem to take it anymore, I'd pick up the phone and call. And when she'd pick up, she'd say to me, "That's weird that you called. I've been having these really strong impulses to call you, and I've been doing everything possible to keep from calling you because I didn't think you'd want to hear from me." In other instances, weeks would go by that I wouldn't hear from her, and then I'd start to get those really strong feelings to call her, and I'd randomly get a call from her. It always felt like... we were in tune with each other. Like we couldn't keep away. Like there was this strange deep bond that we couldn't ignore. We really loved each other. 

When things were good in our relationship, they were REALLY fucking good. Many of the best moments that I've had in my life have been with her. When we were both in a good place, our communication was great, we were always honest with each other, and the sex with this woman was MINDBLOWING. When things were bad, we'd both withdraw into ourselves (we're both introverts) and when the hurt would surface, we'd have honest conversations with each other, and decide whether to give each other space and/or start over. It was generally a healthy relationship; not perfect in the sense of the word, but pretty awesome.

The last couple of years of our relationship have been a series of ups and downs for us. I know for myself, I've been dealing with the trials and tribulations of life, trying to jump-start a career, getting older, feeling the pressure to make something of myself, trying to follow through with dreams, trying to prepare for something bigger and for the next phase of my life. And she's been going through the same thing. We've both been feeling incredibly lost, and have clung on to each other while trying to figure our this life thing. But for me, the more frustrated I'd feel about my own circumstances, the more I'd withdraw into myself. And I now know that this really hurt her. I never really thought about how my actions were hurting her; I was mainly concerned with keeping myself together. 

She broke up with me a few months ago, saying that she had to take care of herself, and that being in a relationship with me was toxic. I couldn't blame her. At the time, though I knew she was right, I was really wounded and angry with her. But I thought that I'd give her some time away, and that we'd reconnect later on. 

In the meantime, things started to happen for me. I got a job offer in a different city, opportunities started to open up to me, and I started to move on those instances. And then, I heard that she didn't want anything to do with me ever again and that she was dedicated to working on herself and opening up to the possibility of seeing new people. I always hoped that we would come together again, but hearing this news from mutual friends devastated me; they told me that she'd told them that she was over me. And I felt that... if she really didn't want anything to do with me, that I would do the best thing I could do for myself and take the new job and move away (she lives in southern California, and I'll be living now in the Bay area) to start over, fresh.

As soon as I had signed a lease for an apartment in the Bay, I felt instant regret. I had always imagined that she and I would move up up there together; it was something that she and I would talk about while we were together. And the fact that I was doing this without her really hurt.  For me, having made this decision made me realize how much I wanted to be with her and how much I really truly loved her. 

Since I signed the lease, I started to have some very potent dreams, almost on a nightly basis, about her. In my dreams, I'd see the what-could-have-beens had we stayed together. I saw us in the future. I saw us having children together, being old together. I'd wake up feeling incredibly anguished, and after a few nights of these dreams, I started having a really hard time going to sleep at all. More and more, the heartbreak that I felt about our separation started to sink in, and it's become excruciatingly unbearable. I haven't been able to sleep much these past few weeks.

A couple of weeks ago, I couldn't take it anymore. So I reached out to her by sending her an email, letting her know a bit of what was going through my head and heart, and asking to see her once more to see about the possibility of closure. I got a response from her very quickly. She did not want anything to do with me. Her response was short, direct, and harsh. She told me to never contact her again. 

Crushed, I started to try to focus on the big jump that I'll be making one week from today, by beginning to make arrangements for the move, and packing. 

About a week ago, I woke up in the middle of the night, at around 3 am after having gone to sleep for just a couple hours. I felt exhausted, and I felt my heart gnawing away at me. I rolled over and tried to go to back to sleep. Suddenly, my phone went off. It was a text from her. At first, I thought that I was dreaming. But once I realized it was real, it was so relieving to hear from her that... fuckit. I'll admit it. I cried.

We reconnected a couple days after this text. After the initial phase of confronting each other with our hurt feelings, we admitted that we were still in love with each other. But now, there's this decision that I'd made without her, about moving away for at least a year.

We talked about why we broke up. I told her about my realizations and my feelings, and what I'd learned about myself. I told her about my regrets, I told her what I'd do differently if I could take it all back, I told her that I wanted to start over. She told me about how I had hurt her, and the sort of emotional hell my actions had put her through. She told me that she still loved me, but that in the past few months, while I'd been making decisions to take control of my own life, she'd been working at making her own decisions, and she was happy where she was headed. She's currently studying for LSATs and is planning on applying to law school out of state. While we're both happy for each other with the progress that we've both made in our own lives, this leaves us in a very... difficult position regarding our feelings and what to make of what we feel for each other.

Our future is uncertain; who knows what's in store for us. But. Here's what I know for certain:

I am absolutely in love with her. And I know that I don't want to let her go. My heart's telling me that she's the one.

She can't move with me. She's got her own thing going, and it's absolutely unfair of me to ask her to come with me. I can't ask her to follow me. It should've been a decision that we had to make together. If we were to give us another chance, it'd have to be a LDR. But considering our history and everything that has happened these past few months, I'm not sure if this is feasible. But I'm willing to try.

I guess my question to you guys is: is it too late? I know that I've given little information about our relationship, and this is only my side of what's been going on with us, but this feeling that I've been confronted with doesn't come from a place of fear. It comes from my heart realizing that... if I leave, I'll be leaving it behind with her. Even if I wanted to start over and see other people, I wouldn't be able to give my heart to someone new; it already belongs to her. 

**TL;DR: Broke up with SO months ago after 4 years of being together. Decided to move away to start over, but realized that even if I move away, fact is, I'm in love with her. Reconnected with ex. Will move away in a week. Things are complicated. Feeling torn and very regretful. What should I do?**

Summary:
And I now know that this really hurt her.
And she's been going through the same thing.
We really loved each other.
And the fact that I was doing this without her really hurt.
She did not want anything to do with me.
I told her about my realizations and my feelings, and what I'd learned about myself.
But I thought that I'd give her some time away, and that we'd reconnect later on.
I saw us in the future.
She can't move with me.
And when I couldn't seem to take it anymore, I'd pick up the phone and call.
Will move away in a week.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
