Original Response:
We have been together for about 2 years this month, and things have been like a rollercoaster, having our ups and downs.

 Yesterday I visited her school to eat lunch (they run a restaurant there, and she was serving us) with my father and friend(19M). When arriving she had a bit of an attitude, citing that she was tired. I think to myself, okay that's fine, but why does she have to take this cranky attitude out on me (her taking out her frustrations on me is a common occurrence, despite me having several talks with her about it, because it gets overboard sometimes)? We get into the dining room and shes still in her mood, but shes having her attitude with me still while still acting friendly to my friend and father (note: friend has a purely platonic relationship with her, no interest whatsoever) giving hugs and talking nice and whatnot. I thought it was a bit rude, but brushed it off.

Later on I ask a simple question involving her day yesterday, and she gives the response "well you would have known that if you were listening to me yesterday" in an angry/bitchy tone. Just the day before though, she told me nothing of what happened, this happens sometimes, she thinks she tells me things when she doesn't, and gets mad at me for supposedly not listening. Moving on. We are ready to check out, and I brought it up how she never mentioned it, she got really upset saying I was embarrassing her in front of her peers, although I was rather quiet when talking to her, so they wouldn't have heard anyways. Then as we are leaving, her "friend" leaves a neighboring classroom, and they embrace in a hug, to me it seemed a little off, and it kindof bothered me, I'll explain that later. 

I leave a bit hurt without saying a goodbye to her, she was upset at that, and I spend the day at this friend's house. Later that night I return home and we have a talk about today. She brings up how I embarrassed her, and I defend myself saying that it was a quiet conversation, and note how it really wasn't a big deal to get mad about in the first place. 

Then we talk about the "friend" of hers. Now the issue I have with him is he has made subtle advances on her. She has told me about the things he does, and in the past she was rather unaware of the fact he is hitting on her. I talked to her before about how I wasn't comfortable with him making these advances on her, and she agreed and told him to back off. Couple of weeks pass and after him acting rather immature about it, denying any such acts, they become friends again. I expressed how I wasn't comfortable because I figured, hey whats stopping him from doing that again. We made an agreement that she would be careful around him if I relaxed a bit. Fair enough, I do get a bit jealous on occasion. Why it bothered me that they hugged was because for one, she treated me like crap all day and acted nice to everyone else, and two, she knows how I feel about him. 

She has the habit of being oblivious to the advances of boys and I usually noticed it right away, she often wrote it off as me being very jealous, and we would have arguments. However, ALWAYS after the fact, these boys have all at one time or another admitted their feelings or made too strong of an advance and made her notice. Anyways, we talked more and got into a fight over skype. She basically made it seem like I don't want her hugging him in front of me, when in reality I just found it to be a "too friendly" type of hug, and I felt uncomfortable with it. This is usually because she NEVER tells these guys that she isn't interested when she needs to, and they get strung along unintentionally because in all honesty, shes too nice to be mean to them and put them down easy/or is too innocent to realize. That is a very true statement unfortunately. (As a note, I graduated from her school a year ago, and I knew this guys in person, and typically have a history of trying to get with girls who are in relationships already, so this isn't me being overly jealous, at least I don't think so.) 

After this back and forth and telling her how I felt, she basically said "I have tried to change, and I won't change." I never ever asked her to change, but to understand my POV. She restates this in different words and says "do you still want to be with me or not, tell me." This would not be the first time she said this. She basically throws our relationship on the table and lets me decide it's fate. She basically gave up trying to communicate with me and left me with the choice to end it. I found this very hurtful because she can't even respect me enough to tell me whether or not she wants to be together. She eventually says we need a break for a few days, and we get off skype for the night. 

Now when I say downward slope, I mean there have been issues with us for the past few months. Notably, her constantly getting into small trivial arguments with me over the smallest things. Among these include her getting upset with me playing my game more than paying attention to her, when in reality for the past 2 years we basically talked on skype 24/7, I find this a bit ridiculous. Another being her getting upset if I want to hang up on the phone or leave to do something, while she can leave and do whatever she wants and I am perfectly fine with it. This makes me think she is rather hypocritical about things and way too clingy to me, it's kindof smothering me now. I have always given her as much space and time to herself she wants, and for the most part, she never is too busy to ignore me for an entire day, so it isn't like this is an issue.

At this point I don't know if it is because I discussed this issue with her before and she is repeating her old behavior or because shes stressed as hell from beginning her transition from HS to college. I really do love her, but it is getting to the point where I don't know how to handle this situation. I don't know if I am being controlling, if she is being controlling, if the relationship is doomed. I understand this is a very long post, but I really need more advice outside of my close friend and family (who are very biased towards me).

**TL:DR: 

1. Gf was acting rather bitchy today towards me and hugged her "friend" which still secretly has a thing for her right in front of me, knowing it would have probably got me upset.

2. Feels like Gf has given up on our relationship and doesn't know what she wants anymore.

3. Her seemingly irrational and controlling behavior is stressing me out and pushing me away.**

I would appreciate some good advice and honest words please. I want to know if I need to change, if shes in the wrong, if we might not end up working out, etc.

EDIT:

Added this from a comment for more info:

Our situation is that we both live apart at home with our parents while doing our thing at school. In about another year and a half I'm heading off to the main campus to live on campus, she is probably going to stay in her home town and go to school there for awhile. We can't drive so we try to get parents to help see eachother on weekends.

While I do say I think he's still into her, it is never something I can truly know for sure. I don't know whether or not she truly does enjoy the attention either, because it is obvious she loves me, but again it is the boundaries thing.

As for the games, yeah I do play a lot, but it has gotten to the point in our relationship where she wants to stay in skype all day, okay yeah it is a bit overkill, but we get in the call, and we sit there not saying anything.
I keep saying its because we ran through our topics already so quickly because she kindof forced me into being on skype all day. But I really don't know if this is a tell tale sign of us not having much in common and meaning we won't work.

EDIT 2: Also wanted to say that I am a purely PC gamer, so yeah, I can both talk to her and do my thing at the same time

Summary:
Then we talk about the "friend" of hers.
I don't know if I am being controlling, if she is being controlling, if the relationship is doomed.
She eventually says we need a break for a few days, and we get off skype for the night.
She restates this in different words and says "do you still want to be with me or not, tell me."
Now the issue I have with him is he has made subtle advances on her.
Fair enough, I do get a bit jealous on occasion.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
