Original Response:
This is a pretty long story and I'm going to do my best to get every detail down, please read it all and bear with me so I can get help with this issue.

So a little back story on my friend (M19) and his ex (F20) (and myself (M20)) they have been dating for about 2 years now, started in high school, now both onto local colleges.  
At first their relationship was great.  The relationship started to get verbally abusive, I would notice him freak out on her over the littlest things, they would fight all the time.  Eventually, on New years, she had enough.

I would say this was a pretty bad break up, but they still remained friends.  He decided to get help with his problem(s) to maybe work out this whole thing in the end to try and be with her down the road.  I've known her and been one of her really good friends the whole time they were dating, so seeing him treat her this way really brought up a lot of emotions towards him.  

On new years (the night they broke up) I get a phone call from her saying  that they had just broken up, me being a good friend I wanted to be there for her and help her get through this, so we decided that she would come over and hangout, watch moves, what not.  Later that night we both get pretty drunk and start talking about the whole situation, I don't know how this gets brought up but I tell her that I have feelings for her, and I've had feelings for her for about a month now.  She really doesn't know what to say, we just stay up the whole night talking, nothing else.

The next day they're texting each other and talking about things between them, how he's changing and how he's going to make it work this time ect...  
At this point she's so overwhelmed with emotion from him and what I told her the night before she doesn't know how to react.  She's told me multiple times that right now "she doesn't want to be with anyone and can't have feelings for someone else at this time"
I understand that right now she needs a friend, not someone that wants a relationship with her (myself).  I told her that that's fine and if she needs a friend I'm here for her as a friend, obviously I still want more.  

That night she text me asking if she can spend the night again, due to problems at home, I say OK and she comes over again.  This is where it gets really hard for me because I want to cuddle and just start a relationship right then and there, not on option.  We stay up all night again talking about her and her ex (my "friend"), me and her, me, her, everything.  She says that she doesn't have any feelings for me and doesn't see me as more then a really good friend, this hurts.  But I promised I would be there for her as a friend, OK.  I'm also remaining optimistic about all this. 

That next morning she says that she can't have me falling for her because she doesn't want to hurt me in the end and that we need to take a break just like her and her ex are doing right now.  I tell her that me not seeing her for a week is not going to have me lose the feelings that I have for her.  As hard as it was I agreed.  Later that night she texts me asking if I could run a few errands with her.  At this point I'm really confused because she just told me that she wanted to have a short break...I agree because any chance I get to see her I'll take.  That night we talk more about the situation, but she doesn't end up spending the night this time.  

At this point I have really strong feelings for her, Don't really like her ex (my "friend")
She doesn't have feelings for me, she is just friends with her ex and is totally lost on how she should feel, and her ex is 100% in the dark about my feelings for her.  He thinks/thought this whole time I was just helping her get through this, which I was.  But he didn't know I had developed strong feelings for her.  We both know that at some point we're going to have to tell him.

The next day (the 4th) we hangout all day and watch moves.  talking about everything.
We both agree that I need to tell him my feelings for her.  I text him telling him the news, I really didn't know what his reaction was going to be.  But He says "Why am I doing this to him? I'm supposed to be his friend..." That right there made me feel kinda like a piece of shit, but the way I look at it is he did this to himself and he fucked it up with an amazing girl.  How am I supposed to help the way I feel for her? it's not like I put moves on her or anything, the worst I did was confess my liking for her.  

The one thing that kept popping into my head over these past 2 days was what if she gets back with him? and how I would not be able to handle that, I would have to just cut both of them out of my life.  Or what if she doesn't grow feelings for me, right now I'm being really optimistic and hoping that the time we spend together maybe she'll get feelings for me?  I've already accepted that me and him (her ex) my ex friend are not going to be able to salvage our friendship from this, yes I'm ok with that; friends are easy to come by, I don't need anymore friends.  Relationships, are not.  I'm sure she has no way how to feel and is just trying to cope with all of this right now.  And I'm sure he doesn't like me very much.  But what really bothers me is that it feels like it's turned into a "competition" between both of us to 'win' her...and that I'll be at the losing end, even though we both don't know if she'll ever get with one of us.  One of the things I even offered to her was that if she didn't wanna get emotions involved anymore that we just become FWB in a joking manner, kinda kidding, kinda not.
Now we're all still lost and I figured this is a good time for some Reddit halp.

So, my question to you is what should I do???

-Should I say "fuck" both of them and try to forget about it and move on (I've done it before with girls) I know this would break her heart because we are such good friends.

-Should I pursue her? and try to "win" over her ex (my ex friend)??

-Should I just go with the flow?

-Should I just forget about trying to be with her and accept that she doesn't like me and probably never will?

Some help on this very long and confusing situation would be GREAT

Thanks!

Summary:
We both agree that I need to tell him my feelings for her.
We both know that at some point we're going to have to tell him.
-Should I just go with the flow?
But He says "Why am I doing this to him?
She really doesn't know what to say, we just stay up the whole night talking, nothing else.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
