Original Response:
I'm 24, I've known this girl, T (23) for 4 years, 
and we've always been good friends, but I wouldn't consider her a best 
friend and I'm sure vice versa. When we do talk we have fun and joke about nonsense, but we probably would only talk once a month, and hang out once every three months, usually to get a bite. Nothing big. 
We've also both admitted that we've had a small crush on each other in the past (it was at different times early in our friendship, nothing ever happened, and I don't see her like that anymore).  Now she's been dating a guy for maybe 2 years now, he's 27. I've never actually met him, but he seems like a really great guy, he treats her well, and everybody says he's really generous, respectable and sweet. IMO, I was all for her dating him, she's a great person, and I was so happy she found someone. I'm also in a great relationship and I'm happy where I am.

Weird thing though, maybe about 5 months into their relationship he added me to Facebook (which was odd, because I never met him, nor have I spoken to him), and I was friendly and would write on his wall (eg: hey how are you, hope we can hang out soon!) or like his photos. 
He never responded, he would just go on with his online life and I would kinda feel a bit silly as time progressed. He never acknowledged anything I did, never typed a word back, never 'liked' anything, and that kinda rubbed me the wrong way - honestly it was pretty dickish on his part. and I ended up deleting him a few months later. A mutual friend of T and I told me in confidence that she felt the boyfriend might find me to be threatening because T &amp; I had a 'past' and I'm relatively fun to be around and an attractive person (I disagree with that one, but ehh self esteem issues, blah blah blah that's for another subreddit). 

The last time I hung out with T was the first time we hung out alone since she's been in the relationship. I was pretty on the fence because hey, I don't want to make her boyfriend uncomfortable, he knows I'm an old friend of hers, but he never got to meet me and I'm sure that would make anyone kind of apprehensive. In fact we tried to hang out together a few times, T, her BF and I, but plans fell through.
 Anyhow, she said he's completely fine with us hanging out, and halfway through hanging out he called to check in (strange, but okay), she said she's out with me, I love you too blah blah blah,  and things seemed okay. So I ask her about him, things are great, but she complained about some things, like his career choices, he's messy, etc. which is fine - nobody has a perfect relationship. She also mentioned that he's cool with us hanging out, and that he hangs out alone with girls he works with a lot too (weird, but okay). 

I left town for about 8 months after that for work. While doing so, I deleted all of my online accounts because it was distracting. 

I came back to Ohio last month, I slowly made a new FB profile and added a few friends here and there. And then she texts me out of nowhere saying she thinks we should meet up soon and hang out this weekend at a new bar (we've always been pub heads, but neither of us drink much). To be honest, I don't even think she knew I left town. My GF is okay with us hanging out, but she said "pretty sure she likes you", which I disagree, I mean T seems to be head over heels for her boyfriend.

But I feel really weird about something and I can't figure it out. 

T is a Tomboy to the book, she has more guy friends than girl friends, 
very sporty, she's like an alpha male when she's out socializing,
but I don't know her to hang out with a lot of guys since she's been in this relationship. Also, I find it weird that she reached out to me to hang out when A) we're not that close that I think she would miss me  B) She never said a word to me the whole time I left Ohio. No calls, no texts, no nothing really. That doesn't bother me at all, mind you, I don't get bitter about things like that. 

It's just that personally, I can't think of why someone would 
reach out to someone out of the blue and ask to hang out like that, 
without even the small talk. No 'where were you?' 'How are things these days?'. While we did admit that we had a thing for each other, we've never flirted, there's been no kissing, no cuddling, just a hug hello/goodbye, that's it. And she hasn't crossed my mind since I last saw her, it sounds terrible, but I never missed her or anything like that, she's just been someone I was friends with and we fell out of the loop. 

From my perspective, based on how he has 'interacted' with me, 
I feel like T's boyfriend is really not okay with T &amp; I hanging out and 
just isn't being honest about it for the sake of not upsetting her. 
The guy had so many opportunities to shake my hand, or say 
nice to meet you, and he literally has not spoken a single word to me. 
I'm not interested in T anymore, and to be honest, we don't 
even have a real friendship anymore, we haven't spoken in practically a year. A part of me thinks that perhaps she has feelings for me, 
or maybe things are not okay in her relationship and she's window shopping? And if either is the case, I don't need the drama. 

Ugh, I just can't rid of this gut feeling that something is off here.
What could possibly be going on, what should I do?

TL;DR: Old friend of opposite sex wants to hang out after long time of not speaking, her boyfriend possibly hates my guts. Something doesn't feel right. What do?

Summary:
I'm also in a great relationship and I'm happy where I am.
That doesn't bother me at all, mind you, I don't get bitter about things like that.
I left town for about 8 months after that for work.
A part of me thinks that perhaps she has feelings for me, 
or maybe things are not okay in her relationship and she's window shopping?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
