Original Response:
Me- 18m, her 18f, known her for 6 months

First off, I love reddit. I don't know what I would do without you guys. While I might not be that big in the relationships subreddit, I'm not really sure where else to go. I'm hoping you can all help me make some sense of my weird life. I don't really want to give an abbreviated form of this story because I don't think it would really envelop my feelings on the matter as well as it should. So here's what happened. TL;DR at the end.

So here's me, freshman guy at a big university, and I meet this girl at a club my second weekend. Let's call her Katy. She's really cute and we hit it off quite well, except bam, cockblock by some other dude, Matt. Alright, well shit happens, I'll just play it cool. They go out for a week or two, and Katy says she plans on losing her virginity to Matt, and she does. Sounds like an alright relationship.

Thing is, Matt is by far the biggest dickhead I have ever encountered in my life. He likes to think of himself as the virginslayer (his words, not mine); this is his sport. He's gotten her virginity, that's all he wants. A lot of people don't understand, a girl losing her virginity can be a big thing. The girl almost always gets incredibly emotionally attached. Matt dumps Katy, but this is where it gets interesting.

As it turns out, Katy has a history of being bipolar. Katy calls me, and I swear to god I have never seen anyone as horrified and frightened as her. Words can't describe how upset she was, this wasn't just a breakup for her, this was a full-on depressive episode.

I call Matt. What the fuck Matt? He says she's my problem now, I should deal with her. Katy keeps going on about how much she liked him and was pouring her eyes out. I can feel that sorrow right now, but I really don't know how to express and share that feeling with you guys, words cannot suffice. She kept going on about how she didn't feel like living anymore and I insisted that she stay at my place. She cried herself to sleep.

(Skippable paragraph) I don't know how related this is, but perhaps this can explain my behavior. Perhaps its a bit odd to offer so much comfort on just a weak premise of someone committing a suicide, but my first week in college was bizarrely rough. I made out with this girl, but I told her I didn't really like her the next day when she asked, and she was upset. She slept with some other guy who also turned her down, and then she got kinda crazy and started sending notes to me about how she was upset at me and this other guy and was writing a suicide note. I didn't take it that seriously. I was mistaken. Fortunately her roommate found her and got her to a hospital, she's now in a psychiatric hospital as we speak. I sure as hell wasn't letting this happen again, it was disturbing enough the first time. 

The next morning I dragged Katy to the hospital. Blah blah blah Katy is poor and can't afford insurance so no one would want to see her, and I so took her to the emergency room. I spent 16 hours arguing with far too many people, but in the end I got her to a doctor and she was diagnosed with a fairly serious case of type II bipolar disorder.

A few times she cheaped out and didn't pay for her meds (one of her parents killed themselves and the other barely makes above minimum wage) and has a couple suicide attempts herself as a result. I've had far too many vivid nightmares of her succeeding, so I decided to pay for them myself. A few hundred a month really isn't that much to me, and her being safe is worth a whole lot more. 

Either way, enough backstory. Two weeks ago Katy ended up with a bad case of tonsillitis. Bad enough that she couldn't really breathe. She wanted to hold my hand the entire time I was there with her. A surgeon even commented that we were a really cute couple. Which really got me thinking, maybe I really do like Katy. I spend at least 80% of my day with her. She usually stays at my place cause she doesn't like being alone and really enjoy all the time I spend with her. 

So then what's the problem? Hand holding, sharing a bed with her, spending all your time with her, sounds like somethings happening, doesn't it? Except not. This would be applicable with any other girl, but Katy is different. It's impossible to make any sense of what's in her head because maybe her head doesn't quite work right. I don't mean that in a mean way, but a bipolar person's head just isn't the same. I flirt with her enough, but she doesn't respond the way any other girl would. She doesn't go along with it or get weirded out with it the way anyone else would, she just doesn't notice. It's not that I'm a socially awkward penguin, I really don't think I am. I asked her to formal all romantically and everything and she said yes. It's a bipolar issue though; I just can't get inside her head for the life of me. What's going on in Katy's mind?

All I know is that I really like her. But I also don't want to lose her as a friend, she's been my best friend for about 6 months now. I just can't get her off my mind either. This is a very odd situation I've managed to get myself into. If you read all of this, thank you. It really means a lot to me.

TL;DR my best friend is bipolar and I really like her, but her bipolarness impedes me from getting a grasp of how she feels about me. I don't know what to do, I don't want to lose my best friend but I really like her. The full version explains the story much better, and it's not that boring.

Summary:
All I know is that I really like her.
What's going on in Katy's mind?
I just can't get her off my mind either.
I don't know what to do, I don't want to lose my best friend but I really like her.
It really means a lot to me.
She wanted to hold my hand the entire time I was there with her.
I flirt with her enough, but she doesn't respond the way any other girl would.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.13
