Original Response:
My boyfriend and I have been together for almost 5 years, living together for most of that time. Things have been pretty good up until the last year, when shit hit the fan. His mom died. My mom became disabled and moved in with us and I supported her financially (10k+ in medical expenses). Car got totaled. I took several stressful work trips. I started suffering from depression for the first time in my life (and started seeing a counselor as soon as I realized). And all this has thrown our relationship on the rocks. 

We've come close to breaking up several times in the past few months. We always talk it over and resolve to make things better. Life has gotten less stressful overall, but the relationship continues to degrade. I feel good about life again, not about this relationship. Counselor says I've done everything I can to express my needs (more financial contribution, more help with housework, and most important of all - more emotional support), and at this point I need to see how far he'll go and whether I can accept what he offers. He has been pursuing a new job so he can contribute more financially, has been helping more around the house, but I still feel like I can't connect with him emotionally. I don't feel like I can talk to him. He won't see a relationship counselor. We have repetitive conflicts over stupid things that are summed up pretty well by the exchange below, and in the end I always end up feeling lonely, neglected, and like how I feel doesn't matter. After our latest fight last night, I decided to write him a letter. I thought it might be a good way for us to sort things out without ending up in yet another argument. Please tell me what you think....

ME: 

&gt;Last night I started to feel tired after we finished watching the movie. I didn't want to end up cleaning in the morning so I decided to do the cleaning then. I got up and started washing the dishes. When you came into the kitchen, I asked for your help with taking the garbage out of the can. You asked me why I was doing it then. I told you the truth, that the garbage was piling up and I wanted to do it tonight to make sure I didn't end up having to do it tomorrow (in which case I might forget, like I did today and the day before, and my mom would come home to a pile of garbage). Then you told me I was being passive aggressive.

&gt;I continued cleaning. I did it as quickly as possible. I hate cleaning so I just wanted to get it over with. I didn't ask for more of your help because when I did ask earlier, you accused me of being passive aggressive because I wanted to take the garbage out. Later you called me a jerk when you asked me why I didn't ask you for help and I started to say that I didn't want to argue. I still didn't want to argue so I walked away after you called me a jerk.

&gt;I felt hurt when I asked you for help and you accused me of being passive aggressive. I felt confused when later you said I didn't ask you for help, when I did. Then I felt hurt again when you called me a jerk.

&gt;I was tired, I hate cleaning, I was cranky. I'm sorry about that.

&gt;In the past I would've just apologized and made nice and moved on, without expressing how I felt. I promised myself that this would change, because I don't want to end up depressed again, and the depression was the result of me keeping my feelings to myself for far too long, as if they didn't matter. That's why I wrote this letter.

&gt;The way you responded is NOT an excuse for me being cranky. I apologize for being cranky. But it doesn't change that I was hurt and confused by the way you acted.

&gt;If you want to learn from this, then write back. If you don't want to do this, don't do it. Don't do it half-assed or sarcastically. Either you genuinely want to learn from this or you don't. If you do: Tell me how things happened from your perspective. Tell me what you could have done differently, in hindsight. How you could've reacted differently that might've been less hurtful. Tell me how you would've wanted me to do things differently. Please don't dig into the past. Don't say "You always..." or "You are..." Just focus on this incident.

HIM:

&gt;how about next time you just ask me for help cleaning instead of doing everything yourself?

&gt;and instead of asking me to just remove the garbage from the garbage can, which implies that i am unable to take out the garbage myself, you simply ask me to take the garbage out?

&gt;it would have been much easier if you said "hey i don't want to wait til tomorrow, let's spend 10 minutes cleaning right now and then go to bed" instead of being cranky and acting like a jerk

&gt;so your feelings got hurt? mine got hurt too, this is a problem that can be solved with better communication, not worse

ME:

&gt;is that everything you wanted to write?

HIM:

&gt;yeah, i don't need to write that much, it's a pretty basic point

&gt;you tend to do this often: assume that i don't want to do something so you take on the entire thing yourself, rather than ask for help

&gt;and i wish you wouldn't do that

&gt;anyway if you still want to be mad that's fine, i'm pretty much over it

&gt;(changes subject)

What am I doing wrong here? Am I being a jerk? Is he being a jerk? If all of our conflicts end like this...I don't understand how we'll ever recover :( What I would've loved was for him to say something like "I'm sorry I got pissy about you being pissy. I could've just helped out." What I feel like I got is "Here are all the things you did wrong. Don't be cranky. Stop assuming I don't want to help. The end."

**tl;dr I'm wondering if this exchange reflects a deeper issue of why our relationship is falling apart, and I think he's being insensitive and dismissive and that will be the demise of our relationship, but I need help sorting through this**

Summary:
I could've just helped out."
You asked me why I was doing it then.
If you don't want to do this, don't do it.
Stop assuming I don't want to help.
I apologize for being cranky.
I feel good about life again, not about this relationship.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
