Original Response:
Hey, reddit. Obvious throwaway is obvious.

I’m female and 23. He’s 34. We’ve been together for about 2 years and cohab for about six months. I’ve had about twenty sexual partners. He’d had about three or four including myself. His first sexual partner was at 28.

We recently moved to another city so that we could find work. Success! I was able to get my first job after a year or more of searching and he’s making twice what he used to. Our issue with sex didn’t really come up until we moved in together. Before then, we saw each other about once a week so it wasn’t evident.

When we first got to this city we were able to stay with his step-brother, Y, and step-brother’s fiancée, X. We are both really appreciative that X and Y were willing to let us stay for the 6 weeks that we did. However, Y seemed a bit resentful that we, two complete strangers, were staying in her house without paying rent. We tried to be as helpful and cooperative as possible around the house. The boyfriend wasn’t willing to have sex while they were at home for fear of annoying her. So I tried initiating sex on the few times that we did have the house to ourselves. I was successful about half the time. The rest of the time he was too tired, or had been drinking, or watching football, or whatever else. He didn’t initiate sex at all.

I was excited when we started renting an apartment of our own. “Finally!” I thought, “we don’t have to care about another couples’ schedules or whether they hear us”. We started having sex about once or twice a week, again, after I made the first moves. However, our sessions were always two-minute jackhammers without any foreplay on his part.  I was more than enthusiastic with providing blowjobs, kissing, touching, and other fun stuff. It just wasn’t reciprocated. Since this was the only kind of sex we were having I began to feel used. It seemed to me as though he was just using me to get off.

I brought this up with him and he confessed that he was only having sex because I wanted to and that the sooner he finished, the sooner I would leave him alone. I was very hurt by that. First, because I was left very unsatisfied every time we did have sex and would only want it again sooner. Second, because I felt as though I had somehow manipulated him into have sex whenever I wanted to. Third, I really didn’t appreciate how dishonest it seemed. When I told him how I felt he apologized said that he only really wanted sex once a month or so. I said that I’d be happy with sex once or twice a week, and we agreed to compromise.

Weeks later, he began to “forget” when we’d had sex last. It would persist for a few weeks at a time.  This stressed me out and, when confronted, he admitted that he didn’t care if he didn’t have sex. He has said in one of our recent talks that, in his past reading of stories with "frigid" female characters, he has identified with them. I suggested that we start opening up our relationship. I said that I’d like to sleep with other people since I missed the physical aspects and I wasn’t getting it. He responded by saying that there would be jealousy issues since I’d be having sex with people that weren’t him. He also said that if I wanted that, he wanted to seek out other women “so that we could both get what we wanted”. What. But he said that he didn’t care about sex, and I wasn’t getting it from him anyway! What was there to be jealous about?

Another example of his excuses about lack of sex include turning me down on the last day (also the lightest) of my period because he didn’t want to make a mess. This happened after I told him a few days earlier that I put a towel under the fitted sheet of the bed so there would be no stains. Another time, we were having ourselves a bit of foreplay and I was giving him head and then rubbing his shoulders and kissing his neck. He froze up completely because he “thought I didn’t want to have sex because I stopped sucking him off a couple of minutes ago” and that CLEARLY shows a lack of interest!

We later discussed the possibility of going to see a counselor, and have since agreed that it would be a good idea. I have been the only one to look up the ones in our city and am the only one that brings it up in discussion any more. I’m beginning to think that he considers our lack of sex life as “my” problem, not “our” problem and that I’m the only one responsible to bring up solutions since this doesn’t seem to affect him. I never cared that he masturbates until recently. I’ve offered to help him out and get him off but I’ve never been taken up on the offer. It’s starting to annoy me that he’ll masturbate in private and then make excuses about lack of sex.

I have long lost the willingness to initiate sex because I’m so tired and sad from being turned down most, if not all, of the time.  I’ve started having sexydreams about people that I’ve met once or twice. I don’t really feel guilty about it – I don’t think I’d ever act on them but hell, I’d probably have a better chance of getting laid by a complete stranger than the person I love most in this world. Ugh.

It feels a little better just to vent about it. Moving to another city has eliminated most of the people that I can openly talk about this to.

TL;DR: I’m paying way too much for my birth control.

Summary:
He didn’t initiate sex at all.
We started having sex about once or twice a week, again, after I made the first moves.
But he said that he didn’t care about sex, and I wasn’t getting it from him anyway!
So I tried initiating sex on the few times that we did have the house to ourselves.
Since this was the only kind of sex we were having I began to feel used.
I was very hurt by that.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
