Original Response:
TL;DR * I think my fiancé is going through psychosis that he has experienced in the past. He has struggled with Crohn's disease and faced many problems but was my rock for the first 9 months of our relationship. I'm pregnant, he has developed a dependency on marijuana and since become abusive towards me and destructive to his life. What do


Hi there. This is going to be a long one. 


I met Chad (names changed) last spring during a really hard time in my life. He (without knowing at the time) saved me from a cocaine addiction ad hanging with a bad crowd, using cocaine to deal with my depression. I met Chad on tinder, we fell madly in love and I completely changed my lifestyle. I stopped partying, haven't touched a hard substance since, and cut bad influences from my life. He was always the calm to my storm. He had such a good head on his shoulders, and helped me in ways I could never repay him for. 


Fast forward to fall. We decide to move to the other side of the country (Alberta) as we wanted to start a brand new life together and jobs at one time were really easy to come by there. We get engaged on the road trip there in Niagara Falls. Things are perfect. 


When arriving in Alberta, we struggle to find jobs, and are renting the basement of a couples house who end up being very emotionally and physically abusive to one another. We end up finding refuge at my cousins house, but when she leaves for work her roommate is manipulative to us and it results in us feeling unsafe. We give up and decide to go back home. I ended up getting pregnant at this time. 


We get home, with no money left to rent an apartment, no money to pay his car payments. Chads car gets repossessed. We end up moving in with my parents.


We lived with them for four months. For the first month Chad thought it was great. He developed a strong relationship with my father. He loves my moms cooking. Then he starts smoking weed out of boredom, and that's where it all starts to spiral out of control. 


He has struggled with Crohn's disease since he was 5 years old, has had 20+ surgeries and has an ileostomy as a result. He for sure has some PTSD from going through what he did as a child, spending months in the hospital unable to eat, recovering from major surgeries. 


Once he started smoking pot regularly he started smoking it as a "popper" (unfiltered tobacco with weed on top pulled through a bong) and he began to be convinced it was his "medicine". He says that if he didn't have it, he would have to be on 10 different prescription medications to help make him feel better. When I met him, he was on no medication and didn't smoke pot. 


He has told me that he dealt with psychosis before and had to quit "poppers", that they ruined his life. He said he thought he was Jesus, and wouldn't leave his house. Now he has changed his story and doesn't believe he has a problem. 


He started becoming more and more aggressive with me, more argumentive and just acting strange in general. At this time he claims he is depressed with no car, no money and feels like a caged animal in my parents house. 


We get a 6 week independent contractor job. Enough to buy a new to us car, and find an apartment to live in that assistance will help us pay for until my maternity leave is approved. 
Before we move, Chad becomes more aggressive towards me, my family and his family every day. He steals gas from a gas station and gets caught. He tears off his ostomy and throws it against the wall in our bedroom at my parents in a fit of rage. He apologizes profusely and says it will change when we move. 


Well it hasn't. He has become physical with me. He has slapped me across the face, choked me, bruised me. He spends all day smoking weed and building things out of cardboard boxes. We have had complaints in our building due to him screaming at me, and we have only been there just over a week. 


Today he texted my dad pretending to be me, saying to come to the apartment that I had to talk to him. Chad meets him outside and says I'm crazy, he's getting a restraining order and keeping it on me until I go to the hospital and get mental help. My dad comes up to the apartment and finds me there completely calm, and says he's really worried about Chad as he looks like he is on hard drugs. I know he only smokes weed, and has only been sleeping 1-2 hrs a day for the last few days. Dad and I make the decision that I have to leave. 


I go back to the apartment later to get my phone and see if he is ready to talk, he says I have the problem and is cornering me in the apartment and jabbing his finger in my shoulder. I leave again. 


I called a mental health crisis hotline and they told me the only thing I could do would be call the police and hope they see enough of a problem with him that they escort him to emerg. I also spoke with his mom, she is going to see if his dad will go talk to him. 


What should I do!? I know he is really sick and this isn't him, but I love him and I'm scared for him. He seems to have no concern for our relationship or the baby. I miss what he used to be like. I truly feel that this is an episode of psychosis and I want him to get better but don't really know how to help.... Advice please :(

Summary:
I ended up getting pregnant at this time.
He has become physical with me.
We end up moving in with my parents.
I met Chad (names changed) last spring during a really hard time in my life.
He apologizes profusely and says it will change when we move.
When I met him, he was on no medication and didn't smoke pot.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
