Original Response:
I am a 25 year old female. My former best friend (also a 25 year old female) of 7 years and I got into an epic fight last August. After a night of drinking we had an argument over me dating two men (who knew about each other and we’re not pressuring me to make any choices between them) and with her telling me that I needed to go with the “safe” choice if I wanted to be happy. And that if I wanted to be happy I needed the wedding ring, the 2.5 kids,  and white picket fence. Some drunk idiots threw something at us and I went up and confronted them resulting in an actual fist fight which she came and defended me in. We ended up having to go to the hospital and we each needed stitches. 

After handling the apology abysmally, we finally figured out what the other person wanted. I had thought she wanted time and was ignoring me when in fact she wanted me to call her (I had been trying to text her to set up an in person meeting). It didn’t help that she was living with her boyfriend and he made it no secret that he hated me, and didn’t want her to see me ever again. We ended up reconciling with the agreement that I had to make nice with her boyfriend. She said she would speak with him and I said I would apologize to him for getting into the fight and my poor decision. 

I got incredibly busy with two jobs, two relationships, and general roommate bullshittery and a month went by without me realizing it. I texted her to hang out and she told me I was too late. After frantic phone calls she told me we weren’t friends anymore. That she loved me but it was too late. I tried to convince her otherwise but we stopped speaking in September at her (and I suspect her boyfriend's) insistence. 

She got engaged to her boyfriend in November, I found out via facebook.

I chose to continue my relationship with the “unsafe” option. We are stupidly happy. We decided to move in together.

She called me in January to get lunch. She gave me a tour of her new house and showed me her wedding plans and invite list. I wasn’t on it, which wasn’t a real surprise, but she told me to save the date in August.

We've hung out or talked 4 times since then. 

The second time we talked, I scheduled a girls night with one of our mutual friends and she had to cancel due to sickness. 

The time after that we went and got drinks at one of our old favorite bars. She spent the entire time telling me that I was making a huge mistake moving in with my boy in mid-May. That it was crazy that we had decided we didn’t want to get married for a long while yet. That moving outside of the city was a terrible idea (I’m literally on the city tax line).  

A month later we talked on the phone. I texted her during my workday to see how things were, and she eventually stopped talking to me, but called after work. She spent the phone conversation again criticizing my choice to move out of the city and dodging the idea that she comes out and gets a tour of my new neighborhood. 

The last was her texting to ask me for my new address to send out the wedding invitation. I responded and attempted to carry on a conversation and got no more responses.

I haven't heard anything from her since mid April. I recently texted to tell her I got her wedding invite and to ask how things were. I haven’t heard anything back.

My question is: do I go to this wedding? At this point it feels more like I'm invited so that she can say she made the effort with our friendship instead of because she actually wants me around. It feels like one big power trip designed to make me feel bad about myself and my life. I honestly think that she wanted me to come crawling back on my knees and groveling for our friendship and when I didn’t she just tossed me away again but doesn’t want to look like she’s the one who had any fault in our relationship dissolving so she can walk away guilt free. 

I want to try for the sake of what was, but I dread talking to her because I know that I’m going to spend the conversation being talked down to and criticized. I am happier than I’ve ever been with my life, but because it doesn’t include her ideas of what happiness should be I feel like I get belittled, and insulted. 

If I don’t go to her wedding I can kiss any relationship goodbye. It’s probably the healthier choice, but I don’t want to throw away hope that she’ll come around and be happy for me. There is also a small part of me that doesn’t want to give her the pleasure of being the one to end it so she can’t say, “See. I told you it was HER causing all the issues”.


TL;DR: My best friend of 7 years and I got into a huge fight and stopped talking. After a semi failed reconciliation she invited me to her wedding. My choice is going to make or break our relationship. Do I go?

EDIT: Thank you all for the advice. It pretty much parallels what my boyfriend has been saying. I think she actually gave me the answer I was looking for last night. She responded to my text asking how wedding planning and life have been with, "Life progresses." It seems like it does indeed. 

I think a lot of our issues stemmed from me branching out and getting involved in hobbies she wasn't interested in and making friends she wanted nothing to do with. If she'd like to be friends with the "me" that I am now, I won't turn that down. But I'm not who I was before. And I'm not going back. I have a great group of friends who like me and who I genuinely enjoy and can count on for arguably anything. I have a wonderful boyfriend who supports me and encourages me to do things I love. I have a life that is sometimes difficult, but mostly pretty fantastic. I don't need to keep banging my head against this wall. I don't need her validation. I can give that to myself. 

Thank you all again.

Summary:
I can give that to myself.
My question is: do I go to this wedding?
I am a 25 year old female.
But I'm not who I was before.
My choice is going to make or break our relationship.
I don't need her validation.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
