Original Response:
Alright so this might be long but please bear with me and help me out guys

Im 19 shes 18 i know were still young but this is so important me. So im in a three year relationship going onto 3 years and 2 months, but right now were going through an extremely rough time.

Im a second year in college and shes a first year (we attend the same college). So when she came here a couple months ago, we were going through a rough time. We weren't technically together but only because we didnt have the "title" , but other than that we acted just like BF and GF and cared about everything two people in a relationship would Long story short one day i told her we were over because i was sick and tired of being hurt and sad and being depressed because she would blow me off all the time to go and hang out with some dude that really liked her and she began to grow feelings for. Now the next day she realizes she wants to be with me and tries to get me to be with her but i tell her no im done im so sick and tired and shes telling me and telling me to be back with her but i hold my ground and say no. But its only been a day so it was mostly out of anger you know, that anger that everyone gets but after a couple of days of your own space your ok. However that night she decides to get drunk with that guy and they end up making out, and fall asleep together, they dont do anything i trust her on this. And the tells me the next day and naturally im heartbroken im like WTF why would you do this it hadn;t even been 24 hours that i said we were over. And she's feeling guilty an sorry and im telling her i love her and miss her and just want her back. And so after that she realizes what shes been doing wrong and agrees to stop talking to that guy and to try and work on things with me and fix our relationship and i forgive her for what she did, you know it was just a kiss i can forgive that.

Fast forward to last month and shes back to feeling iffy about our relationship and doesn't know if she wants to have "title" with me. She tells me im the love of her life and that no one could ever possibly make her feel the way i do. So basically she says she'll never find anybody who she thinks is as good as me, yet she doens't want to be my GF, confusing right? Anyways she would tell me this and i would be tell her ok you can have some space and think things through, im not forcing you to be with me, but all the wile were acting just like a couple and telling each other how much we want to be with one another and would never want to be with one anybody else. Then one night she tells me she needs her girl time to have a girls night out. Well she ends up getting hammered going to a frat party and makes out with the SAME dude as last time. She tells me the next day and im absolutely enraged and tell her its over on the spot, and that i never want to talk to her again. But over the next couple days i cant help but talking to her because i miss her. Every time we talk she tells me about how sorry she is and how she shouldn't have done it, and now she always tells me how bad she finally wants to have a "title" with me and be in a relationship with me and how much she loves me and can't be without me. So shes trying so hard to try and be with me and convince me that she'll be a better person and make me happy. 

But i can't help but think of what she did, a day doesn't go by that i dont think of her making out with that dude ( i know it sounds stupid it was just a kiss but it hurt me so deeply) I feel so utterly betrayed that it was with the same dude as last time, out of all people the same little cunt fuck is who she made out with. Recently ive been hanging out with her and were sort of mending things but, sometimes when im with her i utterly despise her. I can't stand her joking around, her messing with me to annoy me the way couples do, i find her funny faces to be down right fucking annoying and they bother me so much. And she notices it and gets hurt and sad.  I know you might be thinking then why don't you end things with her, but i thought i was going to marry this girl, we had our future planned out, i wanted everything with her i wanted a family and to grow old with her and travel. But the feeling of betrayal doesn't let me show my love to her and appreciate her, i feel so hurt that it gets in the way. Also she is down right fucking gorgeous, there isnt a day that a guy doesn't try to hit on her or talk to her. Shes a 9.5 and im a 6-7, if i left her she could get any guy in a matter of days, and i know for a fact that she would because she tells me. She can't be alone and she hates sleeping alone at night, and not having someone to love her, so she would probably find someone within a couple of weeks. and I probably would   just be alone. So reddit do i just get over what happened and try to fix things with her and be happy again because i know shes a one in a million. or do i just move on with my life. Im sorry if this is immature or just silly, im just really confused :'( idk what to do.

Edit: She's the only girl ive ever been in a relationship with, so i don't know what other relationships are like or how other girls would treat me.

TL;DR,: I love a girl who i cant stand, i'm so hurt and betrayed by her that everyday at some point im filled with fury thinking about what she did even if it was just something small. Do i leave her or do try to fix things with this girl that most guys would probably give there left fucking nut and witness hours of r/spacedicks just in order to be able to have a chance with this girl who has the looks and personality and intelligence to match.

Summary:
And she's feeling guilty an sorry and im telling her i love her and miss her and just want her back.
But over the next couple days i cant help but talking to her because i miss her.
She tells me im the love of her life and that no one could ever possibly make her feel the way i do.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
