Original Response:
Hi, r/relationships!

Let me start off by saying that this is my first post. It was recommended to me by a few friends and my fiance' that reddit would be an impartial and not involved source of advice for me. I know that some people, when they read this, will judge me, but I really do need some advice. This is hard for me. I understand that some people on the Internet can be harsh and degrading, but please, I need help, not more issues.

Onto the story:

My mother has been unreasonable and controlling my entire life. I am the youngest of four children. I am the only female child, and my three older brothers were the examples I had growing up. My oldest brother was the troublemaker. The oldest after him was laid back. My youngest brother was the creative and artistic one. However, nothing seemed to be good enough for my mother.

My oldest brother was a troublemaker and is lucky he does not have a record, and because of him, I feel like my mother handled the rest of us the way she wished she could have handled him. If she really wanted to have him learn, though, I don't think she would have let him, his girlfriend and later wife, and their two children live with her and my father rent free for 7 years.

When it came to wanting motherly advice or wanting to be treated equally, I came up short. My brothers all had high school graduation parties. I was left in the dust. My brothers were given their choice of a paid for education or a car. I was forced to pick a car that I had to pay for, with my mother co-signing.

I don't want you to think I am jealous or that I am not grateful for the co-signing. I am trying to illustrate the difference in child raising.

My mother had a temper. She and my mother would never fight in front of my brothers or I, but she had no problem yelling at us or making threats.

When I was 8, I had been in a rush to go to school and left a sock on the floor of my room. When I returned home, I was stripped down, set outside, and told to wait for child services to come pick me up. This was her way of teaching me not to leave a mess.

She always said she never wanted to be abusive like her mother, who she did not make amends with until she was on her death bed. However, she is exactly like she described her mother to be. Unless you follow what she wants exactly, she wants nothing to do with you. She is an extreme pessimist. If she does something for you, this is always a catch.

She encouraged me to go to a college of my choice. Well, I finished college, in the arts, and I have been unable to find a job that fits with my degree. She told me that she had told me to be smarter.

Here is where my fiance comes in:

He and I have been together for a little over two years. We have known each other for about four. Our relationship just kinda happened. We just sorted found one another. We love each other very much.

When he and I met, and when he and I started dating, I was living, despite my best efforts, back with my parents. I had a cat there as well but always made sure to care for her and keep her out of the way. My mother made me keep her in the basement when I wasn't home.

About a year and a half ago, my mother sent me a text that told me I was a waste of space and that I had been a mistake. What prompted this, you may ask? Two years prior, she had decided to stop paying to have the house sprayed to prevent the normal insects and other pests from coming inside. She had also known that the basement needed to be sealed, and she refused to have that done. That summer, fleas got into the basement, and because they came up into the rest of the house, she blamed it on the cat. She expected me to pay hundreds of dollars to fumigate the house and replace anything damaged. There was no damage.

My fiance, then just my boyfriend, from now on referred to as Jeff, had met my parents about a month into our romantic relationship. My father loves him. My mother had not said much, fearing that he would be like a friend's daughter's boyfriend and be abusive and controlling. He isn't. At all. He does everything he can and more to make sure I am happy and provided for and did even back then.

He visited my parents' home just before the text. My mother had already noted the fleas in the basement and was blaming the cat. She threatened to kill the cat. Jeff is someone who has always handled stressful situations with humor. He knew hearing that had put me in pain and stepped in because I had no words. My mother repeated that, and Jeff used humor to attempt to diffuse the situation, using the term "goober" in reference to my mother.

The text came the next morning, and I was a wreck. Jeff and I went to the house after my parents had gone to sleep and completely moved the cat and her belongings into Jeff's apartment. I took a large chunk of my belongings with me.

Months later, my mother was calm, but she made note that she had not appreciated being called a "goober". She had treated Jeff with silence or disrespect since then, but she had not communicated anything. By this point, Jeff and I had moved in together, and because of my longing, for whatever reason, to have a mother, Jeff encouraged me to try to spend time with my mother and find some common ground and hobbies. He also apologized to my mother for the "goober" comment.

Jeff has been great, but my mother has still been a pessimistic and disrespectful toward him. The breaking point came last week.

Jeff and I visited my mother, and because Jeff is a geek, she told him he has a sickness. He has a storage unit he pays for that houses some of his collection of geek things and furniture that we cannot fit in our apartment, but will be able to once we have a house. She told him that he does not how to provide. Jeff pays most of the bills. He pays his portion of the rent, the gas, the electric, the credit card, and he also still buys groceries. He helps provide for the animals, and he helped the cat overcome her fear of me. My mother told him he knows nothing about money or the real world. She told him he would never have a real job.

Between the first incident and now, Jeff went through a rather traumatic experience that tested our relationship a bit because I was less than understanding of the mental effects it would have on him. When he should have been concentrating on himself, he was focusing on me and building a life for us. When he should have been worrying about therapy, he was making sure he was doing right by his family and me.

Because of his experience, Jeff has become less tolerant of people who are cruel for the sake of being cruel, and this caused him to become angry with me when we left the house. He is right. I did not step in. I expected him to fight his own battle with my mother. He has been tolerant of her behavior and the way she treats others. He now wants absolutely nothing to do with her.

Let me say that he has NOT told me that I cannot have a relationship with her. He would not do that. He has told me, though, that he does not want to be around her.

Jeff introduced me to his parents, and they both treat me like family. They had always wanted a daughter, and they tease Jeff by telling him that maybe they should trade him for me. His mother bought me shoes that actually fit. My feet are an odd size, and I have always had trouble finding good shoes. My mother always told me I would have to adjust. Jeff's mother loves me and constantly has me crying because of her kindness. She treats me like my parents never have, and Jeff's father is great, too.

reddit, I don't know what is wrong with me, and I am sorry if I have been going on too long. I am sorry if it sounds stupid or like a rant. I am not trying to lack common sense. I am not trying to be stupid.

I just want a relationship with my mother. I want to be with Jeff. I love him. For some reason, I love my mother, too. I feel trapped.

The right thing, logically, would be to cut contact with such a toxic person, whose behavior and actions I could continue to talk about.

I don't know what is wrong with me or with her, but I know I need help. Therapy was something I tried, and I was told that her behavior is just how things were done "back in the day".

Any advice would be helpful. I definitely need it. Just please understand that I am not an idiot. I just need help.

tl;dr:
My mother treats people like something to use. My mother thinks my fiance' is worthless. She has been a nightmare most of my life. Please help!

Summary:
I want to be with Jeff.
I just want a relationship with my mother.
He would not do that.
My mother always told me I would have to adjust.
I did not step in.
She told him that he does not how to provide.
My mother had a temper.
I am not trying to be stupid.
She treats me like my parents never have, and Jeff's father is great, too.
For some reason, I love my mother, too.
My mother made me keep her in the basement when I wasn't home.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.21
