Original Response:
I'm confused and on the fence. My boyfriend is someone I term factually intelligent but emotionally stunted. I trust him on a lot of things he say, but sometimes find myself really second guessing his statements.

We get into a fight fairly often, especially if I do something he thinks is wrong, and I disagree, he will get pretty aggressive and say very cutting words that really hurts my feelings. He says a lot of things that he thinks are just "stating things as they are" and he disregards how it makes others feel. After all the fights, I do think his request is logical and I accommodate to it, but I really dislike how he makes me feel like I'm some sort of unthinking inconsiderate unreasonable person due to his words. 

We've talked about it and he says that's not his intention, so he'll work on the words. But he has no idea exactly what he's doing wrong except that it hurts me. And I have difficulty pointing it out to him because I can't explain what exactly is wrong because these sorts of human communication comes so naturally to me, it's hard to explain exactly.

It takes me forever and a day to figure it out and when I tell him that, he tells me in a matter of fact way it's a curse that I can see a problem but not have the intelligence to figure out the solution. --&gt; see what I mean. Insensitive. He wasn't trying to be mean, he genuinely feels that's the case. 

And I think, even if something is the truth doesn't mean you have to say it right? For example, if I am not able to do something, he will say, "I have to do everything myself around here." well sure, that's the truth, but that's also a mean thing to say. 

Worse is if it's not even the truth. For example, I would think a more objective statement would be "this person doesn't think deeply". He will say, "an idiot" I tell him those mean different things and the second has a negative connotation to it and makes people uncomfortable. He tells me he's just being a realist and people are too sensitive / truth avoidant. 

He often demands that people follow his methods not because he is trying to be controlling but because he has been proven right most of the times. He gets angry when things go wrong because people didn't listen to him. One time, his dad didn't follow his plans and cost a lot of trouble to him. He got so pissed he called his dad "stupid man" in anger. I thought it was really rude, he told me, "I'm just stating the truth. He made a stupid decision, it costs us all these. People who are stupid and inconvenience other people should just accept it when they are called stupid." --&gt; later on he tells me he only said it cos his dad doesn't acknowledge anything at the end of the day and he feels compelled to call him stupid because it has happened so many times. 

He tells me he'll work on speaking nicer to me because he cares for me. I genuinely admire his analytical thinking and intelligence but his methods just feel wrong to me and I often feel not everything he says may be right, but I don't know whether to trust myself or not. Which is really bad cos I'd like to trust him but sometimes things feel so off or unfair or I feel really put down but he tells me it's just the facts.

He tells me really intelligent people do tend to be headstrong and difficult and aggressive. That's because they have their own ideas of how to do things. That if I wanted to find someone who's sweet and kind, they typically tend to be less intelligent. Or in his words, bald, fat, unaccomplished man. Of course he's exaggerating, but he genuinely believes that I will have to settle for less intelligence if I wanted a guy who's less aggressive. 

He points to his best friend as an example. Nice guy but not the brightest bulb. In case anyone misunderstands, what he's really saying is, see I respect this friend, he's a nice guy, you know he's my best friend and he has my well being in mind and mine his. But he'll never be capable of certain type of deep thinking I can do. He's not a risk taker. There are certain things he can't accomplish well and he's not the least bit aggressive. That's just how it is. 

Which, well, I do agree, about his friend specifically. 

But I don't agree that intelligent people has to be mean. I don't know though. We have all these people in the media like Steve Jobs with a shit temper or ceo of big companies who's just all testosterone. Makes you think that you just have to accept these sort of people come with them the bad behavior. It's part of the package. Is it really? 

I think intelligent people can get away being that way because people let them. I do think my boyfriend is slightly more intelligent than your average person IQ wise, but I don't see how he gets to be an ass because of it. 

Also according to him, nice intelligent people are just a unicorn in the real world. At my age [28] the good ones have either been snapped up long ago and all that are left are people like him, people who are struggling with issues. I actually see some truth to that, kinda makes me sad. 

What are your thoughts? For example, Is my boyfriend justified to treat his dad that way for example just cos he's stating things as they are. Should I accept him as he is and keep trying to teach him "basic communication rules" while he thinks I'm not intelligent enough to figure it out immediately (honestly, it's like trying to analyze grammar rules when you're a native speaker, it's hard work!!) or should I just throw it at him and say, look you're hurting people around, go and learn it yourself. Take some bloody responsibility and initiative. 

When I'm upset, he expects me to be able to tell him exactly what to do so he doesn't upset me and be able to logically explain the rationale for it. It takes me a day and forever to figure out cos all I'm able to say is, when you say x, you hurt me. But I'm not able to say exactly why until I think things through deeply. Is his request unreasonable or am I just too stupid to be compatible with him? 

Anyways boyfriend says he'll work on speaking nicer for my sake and he has seriously mellowed a lot although he admits he has difficulty not getting angry. I've just been with him for far too long I've forgotten what is objective anymore, so outside opinion is good. 

To be honest, I do feel a bit trapped and controlled by bf, but he can also be really nice and he's making effort and he is sometimes able to recognize his flaws and at other times completely oblivious. I forgive him constantly. But I realize I've begun to lose objectivity. I get so upset when he says things which I feel are not right. Should I just take a chill pill and forget the things he said and just accept him as he is or should I just look for someone else? (I'll miss his kind side and the fun times we have though, but gosh he's frustrating to be with)

Tldr; boyfriend says intelligent people are naturally aggressive. It comes with the territory. He's working on his aggression. Your thoughts? Any red flags or is he just another normal flawed human being I should continue to be loving and patient with since it looks like he's making an effort?

Summary:
He's working on his aggression.
But I'm not able to say exactly why until I think things through deeply.
But I don't agree that intelligent people has to be mean.
--&gt; see what I mean.
That's just how it is.
And I think, even if something is the truth doesn't mean you have to say it right?
I get so upset when he says things which I feel are not right.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
