Original Response:
Here is the original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4bwxqm/i_20m_am_staying_at_my_older_sisters_26f_for_a/

Unfortunately my sister and her girlfriend broke up.  However, it was not my fault, it seems they've had some problems for a while, its just I haven't known anything about it.

I had a talk with my sister about what I had said, I basically told her that when I asked her to tone it down, I didn't mean to avoid any form of physical contact with her girlfriend.  Just avoid the overly hot and intense stuff.  I pointed out how I'd noticed they had suddenly gotten so cold and frosty with each other, and I hope she wasn't taking my polite request too far.

She told me it wasn't my fault at all, they'd had some issues for a while, I just didn't know about it.  Honestly I was surprised, cause they'd been together for so long and they always seemed like the perfect couple.  They were always so much happy and so much in love around each other.

My sister told me she loves her girlfriend so much, but there are two sides to her.  There is the side of her that is really, loving, caring and kind.  But there is the other side where she is sometimes overly possessive, controlling, rough, demanding.  She told me her girlfriend is often too rough with her and pushy, often not listening to her when my sister tells her to stop.  She showed me a scar on her back, I was like 'holy shit'.  Apparently her girlfriend had done that one night with my sister when my sister had asked her to stop but her girlfriend kept going and being too rough and heavy with her.

It seems there's an ongoing communication problem where whenever my sister denies her something, the girlfriend gets angry and demanding, and this sometimes escalates into fights, but they always make up and the girlfriend always ends up apologising and saying she's sorry and loves her, which is why they've never broken up.

I told her I had no idea about all this; it seems there's a lot that I don't know.  I told my sister that this sounds serious and if this is a real problem, she needs to have serious talk with her girlfriend or end things if she's not listening.  My sister said she entirely agreed but was herself scared of the outcome.  I told her I'd always have her back.  She asked me if I'd maybe say something to her girlfriend about it since I was good friends with her and we game often together; I told her maybe I could, but I think this is something she needs to address herself.

A few days later I was at home playing games with my sister's girlfriend while my sister was at work.  The girlfriend said to me "it doesn't really bother you that much when your sister and I kiss, does it?" and "I don't really think its your place to get in between our relationship, you're just a guest in her home."  I told her I agreed and didn't say much else and just steered away from the topic.

When my sister came home she said hi to us.  It was a much colder hi to her girlfriend than to me, she came up and gave me a hug and a kiss from behind as usual.  Her girlfriend quickly got upset and stood up, demanding to know why she showed such affection towards me but not towards her and it escalated into an argument.  My sister gave me a look and I knew she was going to break up with her; she gave me the keys to her car and told me to go to the shops and watch a movie or something. I knew they were going to break up.

I went out alone for the rest of the night, mostly sitting in the movie theatre until quite late.  I got a text from my sister telling me why I was out for so long and she didn't mean for me to be gone *that* long.  I got home and saw she was crying pretty bad; they had broken up as expected.  Apparently it wasn't nice.  I did what I could to make her feel better and we talked things over.  I had really thought there relationship was the one, but it seemed not. Not everything is meant to be, and there was a lot that I apparently didn't know about.  It was all happy and perfect on the outside, but it seemed there were huge tensions on the inside.

Since her girlfriend was over at my sisters apartment quite often, there was some of her stuff there. My sister asked me to take it back to her since she didn't want to see her again. She said I should do it since I'm her friend and she told me I could still be friends with her and game with her if I wanted to, their break up shouldn't affect that.  I drove some of the stuff back to her ex girlfriend's the next day, and I had a brief chat with her.  She was also quite upset and I just basically said I'm really sorry the way things turned out.  She basically apologised for trying to blame me for some of the deep-seated burdens they had.  We both agreed even though we're good friends, we should stay apart for a long while now because of the break up.  My sister thanked me for her help, she's still pretty upset even now, but its expected when you have a major break up from such a huge relationship. I didn't pry too much or ask for any gossip or info that wasn't freely given to me by her.  I told her I'll work on finding a place to move to, but she said purely and honestly that she would rather I stay in her apartment for the time being; she said she's going through a major emotional trauma and she really needs someone to rely on and a confidant to always speak to and be there for her so she doesn't feel alone and helpless; and she'd be happy if I stayed there for the time being.  I told her I'd be happy with that too.   I've been doing most of the cooking, shopping and house chores for the past few days while my sisters been sulking in bed or on the couch., I think she might have even got a cold or something, but I'm happy to help in whatever way I can.  I called my parents and told them what had happened, they were pretty upset, they didn't know how bad things were either and offered to help in what way they can, although they are both far away. 


   
**tl;dr: Sister and her girlfriend broke up and ended their really long term relationship, but it wasn't my fault though. It turned out they had some deep major issues that I had no idea about.  Its for the best it seems and now she's going through the post break up recovery phase.**

Summary:
I told her I'd be happy with that too.
I told her I'd always have her back.
I knew they were going to break up.
She told me it wasn't my fault at all, they'd had some issues for a while, I just didn't know about it.
My sister told me she loves her girlfriend so much, but there are two sides to her.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
