Original Response:
I love my bf dearly, i'm 21f and he's 24m- we've been dating for 2 years now.....but he has the most crippling negative attutide that kills me! Sorry for the novel and a half...

First, he's graduating this spring with a degree in music. Awesome! However, whenever I bring up his impending graduation all I get from him is "I don't fucking care. It stresses me out, don't want to talk about it."....ok I realize that your strict schooling has dampened your creativity and motivation, and it is extremely unnerving to be out in the real, big world- but hey, you made it! Congrats, right? Guess not.

Throughout his schooling he has been employed here and there...work at a place for a month, get pissed and leave. So...he lives with his dad and has just pennies in his bank account. This would not be an issue with me if he wasn't SO negative about his situation. 

-Ex: I called him just seeing how his day was going and I get "The fucking usual, stressed about money." I try and understand and say things like "I know it's so difficult now but you'll figure it out." or "It will get better, just work on it! I know you can do it!" Just trying to be compassionate and not nagging...but then he says shit like "Stop helping me, I don't want or need your fucking help because I'm such a loser. I'm always going to be a loser." Again, I realize how hard it is to work and go to school...but I work full time, go to school full time, and have rehearsals with my ballet company 3x a week- it's hard and it sucks, but it's totally do-able!

So he's broke with bills piling up (car registration, motorcycle loan payment &lt;don't get me started..&gt;) and looking for a job. Nice! However, his negativity permeates the job searching as well...he had an interview for a after-school music class for teens so he asked me to help him pick out an outfit. I suggested his 'nice' black jeans (just Levis nothing fancy) and his button-down flannel shirt- I said how handsome and professional he would look. Next day- he explodes with this tantrum..."Why do I have to look nice?! Why can't I wear the same fucking jeans I wear everyday (another thing- he wears the same thing everyday for at least a week. and showers maybe 2x a week...maybe this is highlighting some immaturity or depression?)? I look like a homeless punk who is too skinny. I hate the way I look. I fucking hate shopping for clothes."

Dude. It's a job interview. Suck it up and deal. And I'm not saying to go buy some Tom Ford suit, just wear some CLEAN CLOTHES!

Then about the future... He wants to play music and that's it. I get it and totally support it- but he needs to make it happen and not just troll Craigslist a few times a week trying to find a band waiting for its big break. We live in SoCal so I brought up maybe going to LA and maybe enrolling in a program at the Musicians Institute. He could meet and network with people while being immersed in the music scene he is passionate about. This school is incredibly expensive but it could possibly kickstart and reignite his motivation! I offered to help him research their financial aid options (I'm a business finance major)... end of the day if he wants to do this he can find a way! But, he snapped back "I can't even put gas in my car, how will I ever pay for that?! yeah right."

Then, a week ago after he received another bill in the mail he calls me. He starts saying how he can't be with me because he is a loser and needs nothing in his life. That he will always live in a shitty neighborhood and do nothing with his life. And that I'm younger than him and have my shit together and should be with someone else. I asked him if thats what he really wanted- a breakup? He said "No. I want to be with you. I want to live with you (originally we were planning to get a place when he graduated) and be happy. But I should get out now so I stop being an asshole to you and so you won't hate me forever."

I suggested he go to therapy/counseling but he refused. I gave him a day to calm down and regroup and he was acting like nothing happened and not being a downer. I asked him if he was feeling better about everything and he just said "Yes. I love you."

Ok so things are good. I had THE busiest day at school today and I take a quick break to call him and say hi! I can tell he's upset and said how hes upset because he didn't do anything today and feels lazy and is "fucking sick of having no money." He goes off and then I ask if he just wants to get off the phone, he says "Yeah I have nothing else to talk about." I reply, "You could've asked how my big marketing presentation or midterm went but I guess not...." He explodes and says he's in a bad mood and will talk to me later. 

So typing this out is like such a slap in the face with his ridiculous behavior.But, when we first started dating he was much more positive and optimistic about the future- we were both happy-go-lucky!

Is this just a tough time, or a definite picture of his true character? Am I being bitchy and not truly understanding what he's going through? I want to be there for him and be a supporting partner but I'm not sure how much more negativity I can take! Is it rude to be over hearing him whine about this $ situation? I wish he would try and be more positive-his attitude and mood swings are affecting our relationship so terribly.

tl;dr:BF is broke as a joke, almost graduated, little motivation and a bad 'tude. Am I uncaring?

thanks reddit &lt;3

Summary:
I want to be with you.
I know you can do it!"
I'm always going to be a loser."
He wants to play music and that's it.
I hate the way I look.
He starts saying how he can't be with me because he is a loser and needs nothing in his life.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
