Original Response:
I've read this thread a lot and I know that you guys give really brutally honest answers to questions here.  I don't know if I've reacted with a clear head or if I'm justified in feeling so hurt, but I'd love it if I could get some perspective and help with figuring out what to say to him from here.  This is the first big fight we've had and I want to respond in a calm mature way instead of letting my emotions take control of me.

I [21F] spent all of today in crippling pain and sick.  I think this is possibly from having a heavy period, I've never really had these symptoms before, but it's left me feeling very upset and grumpy for most of the day because I was trying to complete assignments while not keeping down food and having to curl up to stop the stomach pains.  My boyfriend [21M] had a presentation for one of his subjects due the next day, he had the assignment completed but wanted to add an extra bit for fun, so he pulled out his laptop in bed and when I woke up I went to snuggle him and he pushed my head out of the way of his laptop.  Not a big deal but I was hurt by this and knew I shouldn't be, so went to go shopping to get our breakfasts to clear my head, when I got back I was fine.  

During the day I started to get these really awful symptoms and I told my boyfriend about them because I was starting to get worried.  He was going to meet his friend in the afternoon to code with.  I started feeling upset because I really just wanted someone to look after me, I was sick of being in pain all day and wanted some company.  We had a brief fight during the day that ended in us agreeing that I shouldn't show him affection while he is programming because he becomes obsessed with it and doesn't want to hurt my feelings when he doesn't reciprocate or ignores me.  I understand that.

He goes to his friends house and agrees to come home early because "he loves me" and "wants to be a good boyfriend".  10.30 rolls by and I get a text saying he's staying at his place that night.  I should note that we essentially live together at my place, and that we planned to move together when his lease expires.    

Anyway, 10.30pm rolls by and after he says he's not coming over I call him, drive to his house because I feel really upset still about our situation and want to hug him good night and make things better.  I ask him to come over, and he says he just wants to be alone tonight.  I ask him about his assignment and he says it's going okay.  His breath smells like beer and I try and forget about that.  I go home.

I think this is where I might start going a little crazy.  I feel absolutely heart broken because I've been vomiting all day and in excruciating pain and he hasn't once asked if I was okay, I just wanted to feel loved because probably the only issue in our relationship is the lack of physical/verbal affection he shows me.  I feel extremely put in the back burner, and that the fact that I was extremely hurt didn't matter to him, so we have another (I will admit heated on my part) text conversation about how I feel.  He responds with "So I'm a shitty boyfriend, break up with me." I call him at midnight crying.  I want to make things better, and I desperately want for him to come over so we can hug and be okay, and he responds again with 'I just want to be alone tonight'.  I tell him I'm really hurt and need to talk to him, that I can't sleep until we sort this out, I will pick him up, I just want to be with him that night.  He says no, that I'm asking something extreme of him, and that he refuses to deal with this until after tomorrow - I shouldn't call him at midnight because he needs sleep.

I know this is a stupid issue but I haven't been able to sleep, I feel like he's shown me that my feelings can go on the backburner until he's ready to deal with them, because me begging him to see me did absolutely nothing. But at the same time part of me thinks that he's right, that I should just leave him alone while he's doing his projects and that wanting to be checked up on or concerned for while I'm sick is something absolutely stupid to be hurt about. I feel hurt because every time we have an argument I end up apologising because the thought of hurting him is excruciating to me, I just want him to be happy - I would drop anything to look after him, and whenever he has been sick I've gone out and gotten him food and asked him what I can do for him.  I think it's probably a bad habit for me to try and project what I would do for him and expect the same in return because people are different.  I don't know.

My question is - what do I say to him when I am allowed to speak to him again?  What I really want to know is, and I would really appreciate the brutal honesty, am I acting like an insane hormonal girlfriend?  Should I apologise for bothering him? I have been incredibly sick all day and have been in constant pain so I know this is probably affecting my behaviour.  I know this isn't even a big issue but I can't help but feel extremely hurt and wonder if my feelings are always going to be on the backburner until he wants to deal with them.  Thank you.

TL;DR Boyfriend and I had a huge fight while I was sick all day and he doesn't seem concerned, asked him to please come over and talk to me about it because I was feeling extremely hurt and unloved, he refuses to speak to me until tomorrow.  Am I acting in an extremely immature and hormone-addled way, and what do I say to him when I'm allowed to speak to him again?

Summary:
I ask him about his assignment and he says it's going okay.
I ask him to come over, and he says he just wants to be alone tonight.
10.30 rolls by and I get a text saying he's staying at his place that night.
I call him at midnight crying.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.02
