Original Response:
This is a throwaway for many reasons. I really apologize for how long this is, but its been several years of confusion that has left me at my breaking point. I need advice!




I met my "old flame" (who I will call Kevin) online in an MMO while in the tail end of a serious real-life relationship around 4 years ago. Everything was completely platonic for a long while, but I eventually started developing feelings for him as we talked more and more often.


The feelings were mutual, but a relationship wasn't in the cards due to extenuating circumstances. We lived in different states and both thought online dating was silly. He has a child from a failed marriage that left him very burned. We were both very hesitant due to our respective relationship histories. Also, our "professional" relationship via the MMO (I know, I know.) was kind of in the way.


It didn't stop us from remaining ridiculously close and flirting an obscene amount over the phone. I considered him to be one of my best friends, as sad as that sounds. He and I just had this very magnetic connection from day one. We could talk about anything and everything and have similar morals and goals. I've never in my entire life had a connection with another person that way. 



We were so much alike in personality, but we are both so very stubborn that we would get into silly fights and stop talking for varying periods of time. Then we would make up and resume the pseudo-relationship yet again. 


During one of the longer ridiculous scuffles and the resulting fallout, I reluctantly began developing feelings for a different guy[24M] (I will call him Charles) who I had been close friends with online. I don't mean to say I was reluctant because I didn't like Charles, but because
of the online aspect. It still struck me as silly to get involved with someone you've never met in person. 



For some reason, though, it worked. Charles and I were able to visit each other every few months and pushed our online friendship into a happy real world (albeit long-distance) relationship successfully. Kevin and I made up, but kept things platonic. He seemed happy for me, and all was good.



After dating Charles for two years, I decided to relocate to his city and state. It was a big deal for me to pack up and move my entire life across the country away from all of my friends/family, but I thought Charles was worth it.



Within a week of moving into a new apartment with Charles, things went incredibly wrong. I discovered he had been lying to me about a number of things and we had a huge fight where we both hurt each other a great deal emotionally. The relationship was mortally wounded, but lingered for almost a year with both of us being unhappy the majority of the time.


I did my best to work things out with Charles, but he didn't seem interested in helping to fix our issues. With three months left on our lease, we ended our relationship. Neither of us had anywhere else to go, and no money to break the lease/move out. We continued living together and it sucked hard.


Kevin did his best to console me. As my pain diminished, my feelings for Kevin rekindled. I was well aware that my feelings were possibly rebound feelings after exiting a long-term relationship so I was very hesitant. Kevin was a great friend and I didn't want to jeopardize that at all.


A few months after my breakup, Kevin admitted to me that he was in love with me and had been for quite some time. I sort of brushed that statement off because I was wary of his intentions. I had zero self-esteem at the time and couldn't fathom the idea that Kevin could actually LOVE someone like me. Also, Kevin's personality is kind of flirty, and the majority of his friends are female (and a large amount of them have feelings for him). I got it in my head that he wasn't sincere, and my feelings began to become very conflicted. Around this time, Charles started to talk to me and hinted that he wanted to try again. This just made everything more confusing for me.



One day, Kevin was furious with me for reasons I was unaware of. He yelled at me for leading him on and said some hurtful things about me. During the fight, he mentioned something that I had only said to my mother via e-mail. I was so stunned that I didn't realize it until hours later. I checked the recent IP log-ins to my e-mail address and found his IP address logged in.


I logged him out, changed my password, and scoured the e-mails to see what he had read. What he found was an e-mail exchange between my mother and I where I told her about the breakup and how Charles was sort of leading me on by hinting at the two of us dating again someday. She had asked me if I wanted to date Charles again, and I told her honestly that I wasn't sure but that I missed a lot of things about him.



It was only a few months after the breakup, and I figured that Kevin would come around and realize that his actions of getting into my e-mail were wrong. He is a very intelligent man, and in my eyes I hadn't done anything wrong by being a little hung up on Charles still.


I was really hurt and angry by the breach of trust between Kevin and I, so I did post a generic passive aggressive Facebook status (I know, I know. I suck.) that didn't name any names but was directed at him. The gist of what I said was: "I am incredibly hurt by one of my closest friends breaking into my e-mail. I trusted you to never do anything like that to me."


I posted it right before going to bed, and in the morning I found that I had been removed from all friends lists of Kevin's. I had an e-mail from him that started with "So I guess this is how it ends?" I was so upset that I just deleted the e-mail without reading it. I later realized how badly I fucked up and how childish I had been, but couldn't bring myself to talk to him again.


Kevin and I didn't talk for a year an a half. I sent him an e-mail sending him my condolences when a close family member passed away during that time, and he responded politely (but not friendly) and that was it.


It was over. Kevin was out of my life for good. I eventually rekindled my relationship with Charles, which I continue to this day.


My current relationship with Charles is strained and has been ever since we decided to try again (about 6 months ago). We live a few towns away from each other, and we only see each other once every month or two. 


Charles is a strange man who has trouble displaying his feelings.
He does tell me he loves me, but usually only after I say it first. He will tell me I look cute if I ask him, but will never compliment me on his own anymore. We don't even have legit conversations like we used to. Oftentimes, but not always, his conversations are purely sexual in nature. Most days we don't even say good morning or goodnight to each other. I feel like he is with me out of convenience (its hard for him to meet and talk to people) and not because he actually loves me.


I've expressed all of this to him a few times, but he's always brushed it off. I do love him, but I question the relationship and if we even logically have a future together. I know I'm still fairly young, but I do know that I want to settle down and get married someday. Charles doesn't even know if he wants that with anyone yet.


Despite everything, I love him. I really do. He's one of my very best friends, and things aren't all bad. We have our high points in the relationship too. When things are good for us, they are VERY good. Its just that the good is happening less and less as time goes on. I don't know if its fixable or sustainable. Attempts to talk to Charles about this go nowhere.


A month or two ago, Kevin reached out to me as a friend and we began talking again. We both admitted how terribly we handled the situation and that we had both been gigantic assholes to each other. We apologized, and immediately things went back to how they were when we were just close friends. It was like the entire year and a half of silence never happened.


He gets me like nobody else does. We have spent hours having long conversations about anything and everything, just like the old days.


I know in my heart that my feelings are slowly creeping back, and its killing me because I'm not currently available. I don't want to be THAT person who emotionally cheats on their significant other, but I also don't want to throw away any sort of relationship on a whim because the grass seems greener. I don't want to hurt anyone, but I want to be happy and satisfied.


I hate making mistakes and when those mistakes directly affect people I care about it kills me inside. I don't know what to do. I don't even know how to go about figuring this shit out. I feel like the scum of the earth for even having these conflicting feelings.


**TL;DR I feel like scum for being unsure of my current relationship and the possibility of something else with an old flame.**

**What is wrong with me? Why can't I just know exactly what I want and go for it? How should I go about figuring this out?**

Summary:
I don't know what to do.
Kevin and I didn't talk for a year an a half.
I trusted you to never do anything like that to me."
Kevin was a great friend and I didn't want to jeopardize that at all.
Kevin was out of my life for good.
I don't even know how to go about figuring this shit out.
Despite everything, I love him.
He and I just had this very magnetic connection from day one.
Kevin and I made up, but kept things platonic.
Around this time, Charles started to talk to me and hinted that he wanted to try again.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
