Original Response:
I have been with my girlfriend for 1 year and 5 months now. I love her with all my heart. I do anything and everything for the girl. I have always found her to be very cute, we met in high school and for awhile we would kiss until our lips got sore and then proceeded to kiss some more. We couldn't keep off each other and of course we lost our virginity together. However, like most relationships, time passes on and you get very used to being around your loved one. Things aren't magical as they first started but we still love each other very much and still fool around kiss, and cuddle on a regular basis, just not every minute of the day like before. She practically lives with me all day until she gets tired, that's when I bring her back home. 

Despite all this good stuff, she has serious attitude problems. To give a recent example, my girlfriends mother did not pay her money she owed. Therefore, my girlfriend did not get what she wanted for lunch that day and had to resort to cooking when she felt too lazy for it (I had no pocket money on me at the time.) All of the sudden IM getting cold shoulder and she isn't saying a word to me because her mother pissed her off. I tried talking to her for hours and even tried wrapping my arms around her to cool her off and she would just shove me away and not say a word or often times tell me that everything is going wrong. I'd ask countless times what specifically, and I would get the obvious enraged "just everything." I took this as a message to just give her some space and she finally speaks up hours later asking me why I am ignoring her. It's ridiculous and we spend so much time together that this will happen at least once a day anymore, the time in which she ignores me varies depending on the situation. 

She loves to play the victim, if anything slightly goes wrong that brings her out of her comfort zone she'll throw a fit and turn something into a much bigger issue than it is. The first time I noticed this was when I once threw her a water bottle and she literally sat there as it hit her square in the face just so she could complain to me that I hit her with a water bottle after violently throwing it back at me. She is not much for the cute playing around type of behavior. If I hit her with a snowball, chances are she would hit me with a rock and then ignore me for the rest of the day. She complains a lot, the majority of the topics she brings up begin with "You know what sucks?" and at least 5 out of 7 days of the week she says "I'm not having a good day." and when she doesn't have a good day, I don't have a good day and am her emotional punching bag. This is only when she is in a bad mood, which is triggered very easily and she tends to claim that its just how she was raised. 

Outside of her bad moods she is amazing and a complete sweetheart and I just wish she was like that 24/7. I've tried talking to her about it and she'll just say it's her personality and I always tell her it doesn't have to be. The way she acts in her moods has literally brought me to tears wondering what I have got myself into at least 2 or 3 times. It scares me to think it is just the first year and a half of our relationship. In the end I've always felt like the times she is in a good mood totally outweighs the times she is in a bad mood, she can make me feel so lucky to be with her sometimes. She is nearly flawless when her day goes well. 

Now that you have some background on us I want to bring up the overall main issue and question. My girlfriend LOVES to talk about the future, especially now that she is about to graduate high school. She loves to talk about us living together and how it'll be more convenient for us as we'll now be attending the same college. I don't have too big a problem when she brings that particular bit up, it even sounds cute sometimes. but thats when she starts talking about her future children and how she would like raising them and all that. She plays it rather obvious that she wants me to weigh in on this vision as if they are my children as well but I simply just smile. At this point in my life I'm not thinking about children at all! In fact, my mindset right now is that I NEVER want children. I haven't told her that though because thats one of those things that are subject to change later on. 

This scares the living hell out of me as it then starts conjuring up thoughts of me being married with children and it plays out like a sitcom in my head. Much like everybody loves raymond, the wife deborah who is a part time grumpy ball and chain to Raymond who just wants to get the hell out and play some golf with the guys every now and then. The scariest and most douche bag thought of mine though is that I will never be able to experience another woman. I'm 19 years old and I can't help but imagine what it would be like to not be tied down to commitment and have some fun. Especially through my 20's. The thought runs through my head every time I see a remotely attractive girl. 

I ask myself if I am crazy staying in this committed relationship. and then I ask myself if I am crazy thinking that way about my relationship in the first place. I love my girlfriend, and I love women in general and I'm not the ass that's gonna try to have both at the same time. I have already made the decision that if my relationship does not work out in the end for whatever reason then I will not commit myself to another unless complete perfection comes along. I don't want kids, Im scared to be tied to marriage, I love my girlfriend more than anything and she's a keeper when she isn't in an angry phase, I'm also completely scared by the thought I'll never experience another woman. Right now I'm just going with the flow making my relationship the best it can be while these thoughts circulate my head. I would appreciate opinions on these matters. Am I wrong to be thinking this way? or is it normal?

TL;DR: My girlfriend that I love dearly but can often be a pain likes to talk about our future living together married with children, I currently don't want children and am terrified of the thought of being forever tied down to a committed relationship even though it's going fine so far. Are these thoughts normal or am I just a bad person? Any advice?

Summary:
I love her with all my heart.
but thats when she starts talking about her future children and how she would like raising them and all that.
I do anything and everything for the girl.
Am I wrong to be thinking this way?
Are these thoughts normal or am I just a bad person?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
