Original Response:
Back Story. Met my girlfriend a few years ago at a convention. Friends for ages. Made the leap near the end of 2011 and been in a long distance relationship ever since.



The problem I'm having at the minute is that although I love her she takes nothing seriously. She puts the minimum effort into everything, she works at the weekend in the supermarket and dropped out of college six months after we started going out. For the six months she was at college, she never once put in a full week. And this annoyed me greatly because she is naturally very good at the work she was doing. The work she was producing was fantastic. Just her laziness and attendance let her down.



She just puts the absolute bare minimum effort into every aspect of our lives. I've asked for her to do simple things to try to improve our lives and take steps towards living closer together. Things like applying for jobs nearer me. She predictably has done nothing that I can see. I gave her the phone numbers of four of my employers past and present, all looking for people and none of them has heard anything from her. I am stuck living here for at least two more years while I finish university. 



Sex is dull too and it it always seems to be me who puts in the effort. Oral sex is (briefly) reciprocated and never initiated. I have to ask for it every time and it makes me feel bad having to ask for it every single time. I feel degraded by having to ask like I'm some child wanting sweets from the shop. Every single thing other than oral sex is shot down in favor of more missionary position. It's another thing where she puts in absolutely no effort or creativity. She even refuses to go on top once in a while.



She puts pressure on my to smoke weed and her best friend is a 22year old mother of one, pregnant with another, council housed, weed smoking hairdressing college drop out. Any conversation about this friend goes with "Oh isnt she great" and "She is such a funny person." Any criticism of why she might not be such an amazing person is met with excuses. "Oh her Mum did this", "Oh her boyfriend changed this", "It's never her fault it's always someone else's fault"



The final nail in the coffin of our relationship was this afternoon when she announced she was cancelling a visit in September. This was to be our first big event as a couple going to a friends wedding, but she decided she doesn't want to take two weekends off work in a row. She want's to go camping the weekend before. This is just infuriating as we have already replied that we are going, and our meals and hotel room are already paid for.



We have talked about what she does that annoys me and nothing happens. It's been 18 months and she still does the minimum required to get by and this is something I don't think she physically can change about herself. I already feel like I 'm treating her like I'm her father trying to encourage her to go back to college / get a better job / do more overtime / quit smoking and what not. All she does during the week is sit around her house and surf the internet.



The relationship needs to end and I need to break up with her. But this is where I run into trouble.



She absolutely loves me to bits and it makes me feel ill just thinking about breaking up with her because I know the damage it will do to her when I do end the relationship.



On one hand I want to end the relationship because my happiness is being drained by it. But in the other I'm holding what is likely to be her happiness for the next few years.



I know I'm going to have to be the bad guy. And I know she's going to hurt big time. But she currently suffers from depression and she takes anti-depressants for it. She does have a history of self harming and I'm worried that breaking up with me will send her to a place she may not be able to recover from. Similarly, she lives with her mother and step father, of which he was responsible for some sexual abuse as a child, something her mother knows nothing about. Similarly, she was raped by someone she knew, and this is something the culprit was never brought to justice for. These are two things that very few people know about, including her own family.



These things she has kept bottled up inside her for between five and ten years. She's rationalized it by making excuses for her step dad and it's only now that she is STARTING to admit what he did was very very wrong.



She has other issues too, including her next door neighbor and good friend committing suicide, catching everybody completely by surprise. This was a year or so before we started dating.



I have tried to bring up her seeking professional help but she refuses to even discuss it. I've always been the shoulder to cry on when these things come to the front of her mind and I've tried to help her with it as best I can by being open and available to listen whenever she wants to talk. This is something that HAS helped her and she is making some progress forwards. But I'm worried that two things will happen.



*1. She'll go back into deep depression and start self harming again.


*2. The progress she has made dealing with her sexual abuse will go back to the start. Without anyone to talk to about it she will go back to just bottling it up and saying nothing to anybody and it'l take even longer for her to finish processing her problems and move on with her life.



Reading back on this post, I already feel like a horrible person. But this relationship needs to end. I'm exhausted of trying to run her life as well as mine. Studying engineering and doing all my extra curricular activities, and trying to run her life is exhausting. I'm just well aware of the fact that I'm going to have to be a horrible person in order to end the relationship and for everything that she does that annoys me I can think of something she has done because she really loves me.



I need to end the relationship but I really care about her and don't want the depression and self harm that will come to her afterwards. It's very well to say "You don't have to try to run her life" but I do, because otherwise because she puts so little effort into everything we will never get to the stage of being able to move closer together.



I don't even know what I'm looking for by posting this story. I already know I'm going to be horrible by breaking up with her, and she'll likely start self harming again. But this just doesn't seem to justify me staying in an exhausting and mentally draining relationship.



** tl;dr girlfriend puts very little effort into anything and I want to break up. But she has a lot of baggage, suffers depression and self harming issues and I'm concerned that when I break up with her she'll become very unwell, possibly suicidal.**

Summary:
I already know I'm going to be horrible by breaking up with her, and she'll likely start self harming again.
But this relationship needs to end.
I know I'm going to have to be the bad guy.
The relationship needs to end and I need to break up with her.
She want's to go camping the weekend before.
But this is where I run into trouble.
But I'm worried that two things will happen.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
