Original Response:
Bear with me here, this may get complicated. Throwaway just in case.

I've known my ex best friend for 21 years. Let's call her Alyssa. We have been through a lot together. About ten years ago, she was hooked on meth. It started with taking Vicodin, then snorting it, and progressed too heavy meth use. Before I knew she was on drugs, I let her stay with me when she had no place to go. It was fine for a few weeks, until one day when I was cleaning house and moved my couch, my four year old found and was sucking on a clipped straw. I lost my shit and kicked her out. We stopped talking for a month or two.

She moved in with a random guy she meet on Yahoo chat. He ended up being abusive, and she called me out of the blue one day to pick her up on the side of the road because she ran from him when he belted her in the mouth at a red light. As mad as she made me, she was my friend, so I went and picked her up. A few months later, she was pulled over and arrested for trafficking meth. I picked her up from jail, let her stay with me again, and took her to her court date. She was found guilty and sentenced to over a year in jail. I took her car home for her, parked it at her dad's, and spent the next year sending commissary and talking on the phone to her when she needed a friend. We stayed friends when she got out, she tried to stay clean and succeeded for about four years.

 After her marriage and birth of her twins, she started snorting Vicodin again. I actually made a post about her using me as a scapegoat to her husband when this relapse started to affect our relationship- I'll add it at the end of this post. The tl;dr- She was telling her husband she was at my house when she was out using, borrowing money for "water bills" and lying to her husband about paying me back. When I brought it up to her, she told me to never talk about money in front of him. Which is obviously a huge red flag. 

At any rate, we had a falling out about two years ago over this and I had to cut her out of my life. I love this woman, I really do. I hoped she would get sober again and straighten her life out. She didn't right away. She would often leave her twins (who were almost three) in the house alone while she went outside to smoke weed and cigarettes in the garage. Sometimes the kids would go outside if it was nice to play, and she didn't seem too concerned about smoking pot in front of them. In fact, (and this is just my personal opinion) she worried the hell out of me when she found out she was pregnant. She used to have a puppy, and was horrible to it. She would scream uncontrollably at the dog for piddling on the floor. I once invited her to my son's birthday party at a beach, and another couple called the cops on her for the way she was being with the kids. (Screaming at them while trying to change them into dry clothing in the back of her van, grabbing them and sitting them down roughly, picking them up by one arm was normal.) I often stepped in to defuse her stress and help, but I wasn't around when this happened. The couple informed her they called the cops, and she took off before we even cut the cake, scared. 

Ask if these things are giant red flags to me- I don't want her around my teenage daughter. I was in the hospital having my third child when my dad (of all people) asked me, "did you hear who your daughter's dad is dating? Alyssa!" I was floored. I gave myself time to process this before I confronted anyone. I spoke to my daughter yesterday because I noticed one of her texts during nighttime (I'm informed if she sends anything after ten pm, when she's supposed to be in bed) went to Alyssa. It was a photo of her, her twins, my daughter and her dad. I asked my daughter wtf, and she confessed to me that they were together, had been since before Christmas, and she stays over a lot. My daughter also told me about having to stay in the house with the twins while Alyssa and Dad "step out to smoke". I'm furious.

According to a mutual friend, she's been clean for three years. Which came out of Alyssa's mouth. And I know is a lie. It's only been two, tops. My daughter father had a history of drug use, but he's been clean for seven ish years and I trust him completely. He's always made shitty decisions though. 

I guess my question is simple. Am I overstepping my rights as a parent to keep her from going over there? Or custody agreement is pretty lax, I have custody but she goes to her dad's almost every weekend. They are very close and have a good relationship. I am furious no one thought to inform me. Her dad went as far as to tell her not to talk me about Alyssa. So he put her in a very hard position. When I confronted him, he said he didn't think it was a big deal. But if it wasn't, why ask my kids and all of our mutual friends not to tell me? I'm hurt for my daughter, having to keep a secret from her own mom so she doesn't "cause her dad drama". I don't trust Alyssa around her own kids, and definitely not around mine.

 I told her father I don't have any right to tell him what to do, who to see. If he is going to continue to see Alyssa, my daughter will not be around. He can come and get her, take her to a movie or dinner or whatever on the weekends, but my daughter will not become the babysitter for Alyssa to do drugs. Mutual friend and Dad both say she's clean, as a matter of fact, she "just took a drug test and passed when her ex husband called cps on her!" 

What do I do? Anything? I can't have her around Alyssa anymore. Besides her drug use and apparent sobriety, I can't help but wonder how long until she relapses again if she's sober. My daughter now knows the smell of pot, so I know they're at least doing that. Her ex husband wants to meet up today to talk about the situation. I've never had any ill will toward him. How do I handle this?

Tl;dr- ex bestie drug addict who wronged myself and daughter is sleeping with my daughter father, I've seen horrible instances of bad parenting and don't want her around my kid, but don't want to hurt her relationship with her dad.

Summary:
I can't have her around Alyssa anymore.
It was a photo of her, her twins, my daughter and her dad.
According to a mutual friend, she's been clean for three years.
My daughter also told me about having to stay in the house with the twins while Alyssa and Dad "step out to smoke".
Her dad went as far as to tell her not to talk me about Alyssa.
I am furious no one thought to inform me.
As mad as she made me, she was my friend, so I went and picked her up.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
