Original Response:
okay so i dated this girl for a good 11 months, and during that time i pretty much dedicated 95% of my time, energy, and money to making her happy. I blew off my friends to spend time with her and my grades kinda suffered too because of the priorities i was making. I'm not gonna lie, it wasn't the perfect relationship, we fought every now and then and we would eventually settle things. She was my first time, and first girl I ever loved. 

September was when shit started to go down. This new guy who i'm going to call X started hanging out with my friends because he was dating one of the girls in our group. She broke up with him and he was upset and started blaming one of my close friends for her breaking up with him. There was a lot of yelling one day and it basically split my friend group in half, those who sided with X and those who sided with the friend who was blamed for the break-up, which by the way he had nothing to do with. 

Bringing this back to the relationship, I had just met X and thought he was an alright guy, I even introduced him to my girl. but when the split happened i sided with my other friend because i always stick by my friends and i hadn't known X for that long. Well i told my girl what happened and immediately she took X's side, and that was pretty much the basis for the fighting that we had in September, pretty much that came up and one thing led to another and yadda yadda. 

A week before homecoming i had a bunch of people over, including X and my other friend because i made it a drama free zone. But when everyone left and my girl and i were just chilling, we started to fight again and it got really really bad to the point where i just got out of the car and broke up with her. But she was still there 10 min. later crying really hard, i felt bad so i resolved it and un-broke up with her. 

Homecoming comes along and me and her pretty much can't stand each other at this point, we don't know what to do with our relationship and at the end of the night we decide to take a break. The next day i get a call from her telling me that her and X have strong feelings for each other, and i somehow agree to let her take a week to figure out her feelings. 

The next day i get a call from another friend of mine around 7 at night saying that her and X were in a relationship on facebook, i FLIP SHIT. I called her yelling, saying that i was done with her and the break was over and that she was nothing to me now. 

The next few weeks, the story of what happened gets around really quickly and pretty much everyone is sympathetic for me because they all knew how good of a guy i was and how much i put into the relationship. Not to mention my friends didn't really approve of the relationship to begin with and they were happy to have me back. 

Well this caused pretty much everyone to dislike X and my ex for what they did, and slowly my friend group started to form back again on my side, excluding X. they all told me that he started to become an ass and didn't want to hang out with an ass. 

All this time my friends who i love forever for accepting me back after blowing them off for a year, are telling me that i shouldn't have to talk to my ex at all. And i agreed with them, and for the past 3 months i've tried to not talk to her, but during those 3 months there were different times where she kept trying to talk to me saying that she can't function without me talking to her. Once she asked me if there was ever a chance of me and her getting back together. 

I repeatedly told her that i didn't want to talk to her at all, and she wouldn't listen. The weirdest thing was when it was the performance nights of the play i had a lead in, she came to the first show with X and then also the last show by herself. I didn't say a word to her at all at either show, and then when i went to my car on the last night to put my costume away, and this was half an hour after the show ended, she was parked next to my car, sitting there. It was weird. 

And then i start to hear that she's having psychological problems and that she was in the hospital for a while because her mom didn't know what to do, and that she's getting medical assistance. And apparently it's because i'm not talking to her. All the while, X is still dating her. 

I'll be honest, when i talked to her throughout those 3 months, i wasn't really the nicest, i was harsh in what i said, like i'm much happier now that i'm single and that i have no reason to talk to you. I blocked her and X on fb. 

And then i heard that X broke up with her on new years eve. and that her status was "i hate everyone now" And me being my obnoxious self i am when i'm in a good mood on new years eve, i laughed, not just like a chuckle but it was a long obnoxious laugh. at the time i didn't feel bad at all, but now i'm just thinking to myself if what i've done was a good idea or not. and if i owe her anything after what she did to me and what's happening to her. 

any suggestions reddit?

Summary:
This new guy who i'm going to call X started hanging out with my friends because he was dating one of the girls in our group.
And apparently it's because i'm not talking to her.
All the while, X is still dating her.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
