Original Response:
Sorry I know this is really long but I want to make things clear as possible

GF is 27 I'm 21. 
So here is the back story. I met her around the end of Feb. 2010 through a mutual friend. I was still living with my mother at the time but I grew extremely depressed from the living conditions there. (My mother put a lock on the outside of the door, not paying to any thing I would say to the point where I was wondering why she even wanted me to living there anymore. She is also very controlling. I noticed my step-dad and brother seemed to be pretty miserable being around her. They wouldn't even sleep in the same room anymore.) I asked her if it would be okay if I could stay with her for awhile while I figure shit out. 

She was living with her mother still at the time so I basically had to ask her mother for permission. I wind up moving in and I start looking for a job for a few months but to no avail. That's when her mom starts becoming irritated that I haven't found one yet and that puts pressure on me because I really didn't want to go back to living at my parents.
I eventually find one at the beginning of September. I never really had to pay rent but Instead had to take care of my GF's dogs.

I never really minded taking care of them but It gets tiring when you have to clean up after every fucking little thing they do I.E. picking up the trash they rip out of the trashcan, urine off of the furniture, throw up, shit..etc. It gets even worse when they had puppies, so on top of everything else, I have even more dogs to take care up. She did help somewhat, but I pretty much took care of them 80% of the time. 

So while this is going on, she tells me shes stressed from work, wants to lose weight. Pretty much doesn't like her appearance. Before I met her, She had a meth problem and stopped using about a month before we start dating. She brings up that she misses using it and how it will help her lose weight and all that bull shit. I told her no in the beginning, but eventually gave into her using it because it would "make her happy"(yeah I know, big fucking mistake...) It started off casually, and it progressed into me resenting her for using and started avoiding her. This further progressed into us fighting all the time, her telling me she doesn't want to be with me. I told her how I felt about her using but she swore up and down she had it under control.

I eventually start talking to a good friend about moving in with him and told him about my situation. My gf starts to guilt trip me saying how I just want to leave her and how I don't love her anymore. Also her mother was going to remodel the house we were living in, so this provides a perfect excuse why I'm moving and she is okay with it. I really wanted to avoid getting into a fight with her because she goes fucking ape shit when she gets angry. She's broke my laptop, threw my guitar amp and gaming headset.

So I get a work transfer to where my friend lives and move in. At this time all I have is a few things with me and still have a majority of my stuff at her place. I eventually go back there to get my belonging and she asked me to stay the night, but I lied to her saying that they need me to work that night and maybe I could another time. Before she takes me home, she has the fucking nerve to stop by her friends house real quit to smoke a bowl of meth before driving me back. At that point I'm beyond trying to make things work ever again start lying my ass off how things could work out while I'm living at my new place(even bigger mistake)

She wind up pisses so bad that I tell her the truth where I lied about going to work that night and I lied to her so she could just take me home so I would never have to see her again. We wind up getting into a fight in a parking lot. she breaks my phone, tears my shirt open scratches my arm and chest, and leaves. I wind up using some parking lot street cleaners phone to ask someone to pick me up =/. We don't talk for a few months after this.

One day she starts messaging me over FB tellling me how sorry she is and how fucked up it was for her to treat me that way, and she stopped using for good for the sake of getting back with me. We eventually meet up again and I could tell by the look of her face how much he regretted everything she did. We start dating again, but she has to move out because they start remodeling her mothers house. She has only 2 dogs left out of the shit ton of dogs she had before. Her only option at the time was to stay in a Motel 6 since they allow dogs there.

6 months had passed since I moved in with my friend at this point. I feel really bad because its costing her like 300 something every 2 weeks staying there. So I suggest getting an apartment so she could at least she could have 1 of her dogs with her. So around this time, I start talking to my mother again and were getting along now and agrees to take care of her other dog. So we move in to this new place at the beginning of december and she assures me that her dog wont be that much of a problem. He was okay for a first few weeks but he eventually just starts pissing and shitting in pretty much every room.

I'm getting pissed off at the fact that I work my ass off to afford living there while her dog just sleeps all day and coming home to the apt reeking of shit and piss. She said that she will get a crate to train him. That never happens. Forgot to add that her dog has fucking social anxiety and acts like the biggest fucking shit head when shes not home, If i catch him shitting some where I yell at him and he just runs away to go shit some where else to the point where I try to pick him up so he can go outside and he turns around had bites me to where I bleed sometimes. My gf justifies his actions by saying how he is afraid of me from yelling at him and I pretty much have to talk to him like hes a little baby and basically at like a little bitch for him to go near me. But he magically fucking loves me when ever shes around. 

we get into a fight last night about moving into a rental house so she can have her other dog with her because she misses him, but they're pretty fucking expensive unless its in a bad neighborhood in SoCal and I dont want to be paying that much money to have her dog ruin that place aswell. So over all it seems to me that shes choosing her dogs over me. She basically tells me that I'm insensitive to what she wants with her dogs. She tells me that I just have to bear with it and try to get along with her dog.

The whole reason I even moved in with her is so she could be happy and have her dogs with her. But it all just seems pointless now..were paying like 1100 for this place a month and the lease is up in may. I want to be with her but is it really worth having to come home to this horrible stench? =/ I guess if things don't work out I could try to find a room mate or maybe move back in with my mom...eh..


*edit* Forgot to mention that she left and is going to come back to get her things after she comes back from vegas..

Summary:
So I get a work transfer to where my friend lives and move in.
She tells me that I just have to bear with it and try to get along with her dog.
So around this time, I start talking to my mother again and were getting along now and agrees to take care of her other dog.
She basically tells me that I'm insensitive to what she wants with her dogs.
So over all it seems to me that shes choosing her dogs over me.
I eventually start talking to a good friend about moving in with him and told him about my situation.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.16
