Original Response:
EDIT: added some more information in the 5th paragraph.

Me (21) Her (20) Other guy (dont know)

My girlfriend was romantically involved with a long distance guy that she had met over a social networking site before we started dating when we were both younger (17). We started dating and have been dating for the past 3 1/4 years. Over this period of time she has slowly stopped talking to him (per my request), but never completely cut him out of her life. He'll pop up every now and then commenting on her pictures on facebook, or calling her on the phone and messaging her or texting her.

 She says that she's stopped talking to him and that he's just a very close friend, but I've always had my suspicions. There was a time in which we were at a party at my house, and out of paranoia, I logged on her account after everyone had gone to bed and found messages of her calling him cute, and how she wanted to see him when she visited florida during that spring and summer. Apparantly she had never seen him, but I told her about this, and while she was upset I violated her trust, she told me that it was just a friend that had jokingly messaged this guy those things. I didn't really want to believe it and I was slightly inebriated at the time, but I'm so in love with this girl I think i would do anything to be with her. 

The other day I had checked her account on a whim (once again, I 
know I'm very crazy for doing this. I have very low self esteem, and suffer from social anxiety, general anxiety, and Disthymia. I don't have many friends and this girl means more than the world to me. I completely plan on marrying her and staying with her for the rest of my life. I just do this because I am so afraid of losing her, even though there are times in which I have no reason to be worried) and found that she was mesagin him again, while we were on the phone. They were talking about some movie or something, but it was insinuated that she was having a previous conversation with him due to the context of the conversation. She talked about how she was missing him and he missed her, and they were going to talk on the phone the next night.

the next night we were both at school (the 16th was the move in day) and that night my roommate was gone for the night. I asked her to come over to my room so we could have a nice night alone, and she said she would. she ended up not coming and saying she was hanging out with her friends (we live in different buildings but go to the same school). I ended up going to visit her that night but ended up not seeing her because she wasn't there. she could have just as easily been in a friends room, but of course i remembered the conversation the two had.

this prompted me to look back and check out what else was going on between them and i found some things that made me sick. he said things such as "I need a woman in my life", to which she replied "why don't you move to massachusetts? you know that if you did, i would be yours", among other things. It hurts so much to know that she says or thinks these things. It hurts me so much inside and makes me so much more insecure than I am. And I'm usually a very alpha guy. I'm very chivalrous (last night I bought her and her friends alcohol, I take her out regularly, do my best to get her good gifts and all that). I work out regularly and have a good build and I'm a good looking guy, and I get attention from other girls pretty regularly. I couldn't even get an erection when we were fooling around earlier today because I just knew that she had said those things to him. I even joked that I was going to stalk her facebook messages (something that she does to me periodically but I let her, because I don't talk to flirt with other girls at ALL anymore, I haven't for the past year and a half and I have nothing to hide), and she shut her laptop saying that she had messages with her friend up about my valentines day gift. being the paranoid nervous anxiety ridden wreck I am, I went and checked her messages when I got back to my room. she lied, and new the conversations with the other guy were there. she wouldn't have hidden it if her messaging that guy meant nothing, right?

 Ill post the conversations below. 

I have been getting eaten up about this. I feel like shes doing it because I'm depressed and I haven't been myself lately. It's so hard to get out my depression sometimes and it fucking eats me alive. this isn't helping it. I want to talk to her about it so badly, but I know i violated her trust. I need to tell her I know and do something about this. I really don't want to lose this girl. please. someone help.

here's the messages: 

http://tinypic.com/r/jjky6c/5

anything in black and red is my girlfriend, anything black on black on black is the other guy. except for the first section of pictures. I might have messed that up but I can't be bothered to go back and change it now.

I do so much for this girl. she is literally my world. I would do anything to be with her. she makes me so happy and i have so much fun with her. i buy her things, i take her out on plenty of dates, and everything I do is not only for me, but for her. she has become such a big part of my life and with my depression and anxiety, I really don't know if i could handle losing her.

TL;DR - Girlfriend used to have long distance guy she never met. I told her to stop talking to him. She said she would, but still does. I know they still talk and it's eating me up inside. What do?

Summary:
I do so much for this girl.
I would do anything to be with her.
I told her to stop talking to him.
I really don't want to lose this girl.
I know they still talk and it's eating me up inside.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
