Original Response:
I'm a 22-year old guy and I have been with my girlfriend, a 23-year old girl for the last three months.
Before we "officially" became boyfriend and girlfriend, we talked about a couple of concerns. She was one year removed from a three-year relationship that she felt badly about ending, because she felt like he was a very nice guy, she treated him poorly, and that she broke his heart. She is over him, but fears that she will be a bad girlfriend in future relationships, and that she feels I am "the sweetest guy she's ever met," and is scared that she could hurt me. I told her unless she plans on hurting me, not to worry. I assured her that she made me so happy and that I love spending time with her. Her other concern was whether I was simply looking for "a relationship," or specifically for a relationship with her. I made it clear that it is she that I am interested in, and if I didn't feel that she was the right girl for me, then I wouldn't be asking her to be my girlfriend.

All was well after those talks. About a month ago, she began acting distant (texted less often, said less when she texted, etc...). She frequently complained about how overwhelmed she was by "everything." This is understandable given that she's in a rigorous nursing program, and must balance work in the hospital, with exams, with friends, with me, and with being very homesick.

One day, she abruptly canceled our plans and when I asked if everything was ok, she replied "sort of." When I tried to ask her what was going on, she only gave one or two word answers, and avoided communication. I convinced her to meet so that we could talk about what was bothering her.

She felt an "emotional disconnect," saying that I was not open with my emotions. I reminded her that I’m a very cerebral person who doesn’t outwardly express my emotions all the time. I do express my feelings about her to her, and tell her frequently how special she is to me and how strongly I feel about her. I get her flowers, bring her chocolates, do thoughtful things for her when she is stressed (e.g. ordered hot cookies to be delivered to her apartment as a surprise, which she loved), etc… I said I hope she never mistakes my "lack of outward emotion" for a lack of strong, true feelings for her. She said that she has never questioned how I feel about her.

She said her feelings towards me had “not at all” changed and reassured me that she was extremely happy in the relationship, and that she is the "luckiest girl in the world." She felt overwhelmed about having a boyfriend, in general, as she has never been at university in the same place as her boyfriend, at the same time before, and so this is a balance issue for her, between me/friends/school.

She gets stressed, anxious, and overwhelmed easily. This is difficult to deal with, as it makes me worry that she is unhappy with me, or our relationship. It’s difficult to stay even-keeled, knowing that one second she can be happy, and the next she may be distressed and treating me differently, for something that’s not even my fault.

Last weekend, she expressed concerns, saying that I "don’t get her,” that she doesn't get how I loved my ex-girlfriend but now no longer talk to her, and that she still feels emotional disconnected. I was confident after this talk that everything was resolved. She realized she needs to realize she knew her ex since they were 7-years old, and so naturally, he understood her a lot better throughout their relationship. I assured her that with more time, I will definitely get her better. As for my ex, she knows that I have no feelings for her, I have no baggage from that relationship, and that I am 100% committed to my current relationship. I reiterated that she can't continue to bring up my ex, because it is annoying that she can’t get her off of her mind.

I don’t want to give the impression that we only fight. We are happy most of the time, and love each other’s company. She makes me so happy and says that I do too. All too often though, her mood and stress level dictate my stress level, and that is…well…stressful.

Lately, I've felt like she’s behaving normally, and then distant, and can change from one to the other at any moment. I don’t understand why there is such variation in her behavior for no apparent reason. Last night I was with her and she started acting distant, and said “I’m in a bad mood.” When I asked why, she said there’s no particular reason, but she’s just overwhelmed. For whatever it’s worth, her friends all really like me, and tell her and me that they wish that they could find a boyfriend like me. So, if she has been unhappy with me, she’s definitely not communicating it to them.

What am I supposed to do? I have such strong, growing feelings for her, and I’ve been really close to telling her that I love her a few times already. It seems like whenever I’m ready to tell her, she does something that pushes me away and makes me think twice about it. What do you think is going through her head? Do you think she’s looking for the stability and certainty of knowing that I love her?

tl;dr: My [M, 22] girlfriend [F, 23] of three months has been moody and at times distant in our relationship, despite supposedly having resolved many of the issues that we have spoken about in our relationship, and despite assuring me that she is very happy in our relationship and that she has the "best boyfriend in the world." I'm not sure what to make of these apparently mixed signals, but am falling in love with her, and don't know if telling her that will strengthen our relationship or scare her.

Summary:
She makes me so happy and says that I do too.
She said that she has never questioned how I feel about her.
I was confident after this talk that everything was resolved.
What am I supposed to do?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
