Original Response:
Hi Reddit,


Throwaway here. Apologize in advance for the wall of text! I've been lurking for quite some time on r/relationships and everyone here gives great advice so I was hoping I could get some for my situation too.. I don't know what to do about my relationship with my boyfriend. We've been dating for 1.5 years. We argue and fight constantly and it's been getting progressively worse over time. When we first started dating, he was incredibly nice, courteous etc. and I thought he was absolutely great! Of course that disappeared over a couple months and I started seeing some... problems.  


He can't have constructive arguments. He usually just yells, gets angry, gets frustrated and says shitty things to me and insults me. I get sad and remember them and his excuse is "well I say things in the heat of the moment and you take things too seriously. You actually need to lighten up and stop taking things literally." I don't know if I'm wrong, but if during an argument you tell me there's something wrong with me and call me crazy shit among other things, am I not supposed to think that that's what you mean?  



In his frustration, he's pushed me, dragged me, and scared me quite a bit with reckless driving. Most of it is just scary because I'm pretty tiny and defenseless but he hasn't actually seriously hurt me. He stopped doing the pushing/dragging part and hasn't done it in maybe 8 months?  



It's safe to say that he has some anger issues. Even now, after arguments, he breaks stuff, throws stuff, etc. and it pisses me off because it's stupid! You eventually have to replace the stuff he breaks and it's just a huge pain.   



Anyways, this weekend, we had a less than pleasant weekend. It all started when I asked him not to drink much at a Memorial Day BBQ and he responded poorly. I have this qualm against him drinking because he already has anger problems and alcohol exacerbates it. He's been aware recently and has been better the past couple times, but I've had some really bad experiences in the past so I'm still a little scarred, making the subject a little sensitive for me. As with all of our arguments, they start over something small. The problem is the seemingly tiny thing gets escalated until it's almost beyond repair. So this time, he gets angry, doesn't respond well, and I ask him why it has to be this way. For me, at the very least, if my actions under the influence of anything was upsetting someone I cared about, I would drop it in a heart beat. It just boils down to what I value more, someone I love or.. some meaningless drug? But he's adamant about drinking, gets angry that I even bring it up, says I don't have a right, and then he starts driving like a maniac and I start crying because it's scary.  



Instead of apologizing though, he gets mad and starts defending his driving. "Well I was going to miss the turn" "...okay but that doesn't stop you from braking before it does it?" This is a reoccurring problem in our relationship. He does something wrong but instead of owning up to it, he defends it to death for the next hour or two and insults me. Finally, he'll realize he was wrong but again, instead of owning up to it, he'll actually pretend it never happened and say something like "GOD what the fuck are you even talking about? I never said that!!" or he'll apologize once, and then when I'm still sad (because he spent 2 hours defending it), he'll respond with "I already apologized. What the fuck is wrong with you? Why can't you just accept that I've apologized and get over it?!"  



So the end of this specific fight is that I actually didn't want to go to the MDW BBQ anymore after this fight but he dragged me along to it (his friends) and I ended up sitting in the common pool area bathroom crying. I would have preferred to cry in the car but I got lost and couldn't find my way out.  



But after all this, I was still very nice when we talked and held his hand and hugged him when he regretted his actions. He also gave up on our relationship because he said it wasn't fixable and I was pretty insulted because.. if I tried so hard to make it work how can he just give up when he screws up??! He eventually begs for another chance and I give it to him.. only to wind up in the exact situation 2 days days. Small argument gets escalated, he insults and yells at me, etc. This time I bring up maybe counseling to help get it on track and he shut me down, saying "No. I would never do counseling. I also wouldn't want to be with someone who thinks I need it."  



Of course a few hours later, he begs for another chance and whatever, so here I am now. Not sure what I'm supposed to do..  



To be fair, I've had my own problems but I actually work really hard at fixing them (and he agrees). He just hasn't had any progress on his. Generally though, we have a lot of fun with each other and he's really nice to me. He's just not nice when he picks fights, which happens weekly or more. There's also a lot of other things wrong with the way our arguments go down but.. this is the general gist of it.  



Reddit, what do I do?! :( How can I help my bf be nice to me and argue constructively? I just don't understand.. I'm generally very nice and would be there for him in a heartbeat if he was sad.. whereas he usually just insults me and tells me I'm annoying if he makes me cry. I know he cares about me a lot but I think he's just gotten away with it since he's an only child for the most part and his parents were very forgiving. He said he was really mean to his mom up until recently and she did/does everything for him. He says that he eventually stopped being mean to his mom so he's hopeful he'll stop being mean to me too when he doesn't get things his way -___-.  


**TL:DR: My boyfriend is really nice except when he argues. He generally resorts to childish tactics and insults me a lot, which escalates the argument. What do I do?!**

Summary:
Reddit, what do I do?!
I would never do counseling.
He can't have constructive arguments.
He just hasn't had any progress on his.
I don't know what to do about my relationship with my boyfriend.
So this time, he gets angry, doesn't respond well, and I ask him why it has to be this way.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
