Original Response:
Regular lurker of this subreddit on a throwaway account here. So I've been with my bf since the end of 2011 but we broke up last year for a few months with no contact during that time. We've been back together for about 7 months now and ever since he's been texting a girl I will call B.


I don't know their conversations or anything but I was constantly noticing him getting texts from B, everyday and it caught my eye because if he got a text from another mate while we were sitting on the couch together or something he would read it and respond as normal but if it was from B he wouldn't read it or he would turn away and read it and quickly reply. After a while I brought it up and he said the reason he was secretive is because every relationship he's been in his girlfriends have been jealous about that sort of thing and he didn't want to cause problems. I tried to explain that the only reason I was possibly suspicious of it is because he acted like that and if he acted with her texts as he did with his other friends I wouldn't mind. He said ok but nothing changed.


It continued on like that for a while but there texts either got less frequent or I just didn't notice as much. We moved in together in February and the only times I brought it up after that is when he would get texts from B late at night which I think is inappropriate to text someone casually at 11 o'clock at night for no particular reason. So I would ask who she is and every time he said "just a friend".


I got over it for a while until one night he had a boys night out. I asked if I could come when he was planning it but he said one of his mates wanted it to be a boys night but I got confused because later that week that friend invited me when we were all in the car but my bf said it was just for the boys so obviously it was his idea, not his friends idea. When the night came around he texted me pretty late saying they were walking home from the bar. In the morning I went on his Facebook and he was tagged in B's status saying she'd driven him home. I didn't bring it up but the next day asked about the night and he brushed it off not wanting to tell me about it and eventually saying they went out, started walking, got tired and "a friend of his gave them a lift" and that was that. 


I didn't say anything until a couple of weeks later we were in the car and it somehow came up in conversation and I said I was upset that a girl he NEVER talks about but is obviously close with to talk to all the time showed up on a "boys night", the one night in months we had apart. He said he would be upset too if it was the other way around. So I asked him to tell me about her and this was the first he ever really talked about B, he said they were friends but never saw each other, he didn't really want her to pick them up but she came anyway, she's young and still in high school, she has a lot of issues which she texts him about when she can't sleep, they used to be "really really close" but not so much anymore etc etc and that was that. I was satisfied he'd finally said something more than "she's just a friend".


That was over a month ago and I hasn't brought it up again until the other week I got a few notifications on Facebook and it was all B liking things I'd tagged my bf in. This happens quite regularly it seems like she goes on my page (we aren't friends seeing as I've never met her) and since it's all private all she'd be able to see are those tagged posts and she just scrolls down and likes everything. I don't know why but I find it really irritating. I was telling my sister about this and she went on B's page and through discussion we speculated they actually used to be in a relationship. This has been playing on my mind since then and I've been unsure whether to bring it up.


Late last night I clicked on my bf's snap chat and could see that his top friends were other girls and the top one was B. I don't know why this little thing was the thing that really set me off and I HAD to know!! So he was out and I asked him when he got home if he had told me everything about B. He said he thought so and I asked if they used to date. At first he brushed it off then changed his tune telling me he had already told me that and I obviously just didn't remember. I am 100% sure he has never told me because of how much it has upset me, of course I would remember. Also thinking back that is what he was getting at when he told me they used to be "really really close" but I didn't pick up on it at the time. Turns out they dated during the time we were not together last year.


I'm really hurt at the moment. I feel like he has been dishonest with me. Personally, I would be upset if I found out he was constantly in touch with an ex but never brought it up but to find out he has been doing this but didn't even tell me that she's an ex seems wrong.Am I being jealous and over thinking this or is this something that would upset a lot of people?


To make matter more frustrating he doesn't think it's a big deal and is pretty unfazed by how this is affecting me. He obviously thinks I'm over reacting so I don't know what to say to him next because I am definitely not over it yet and I don't know how I'm going to get over it when he thinks it's ok and doesn't see a problem when for me, this has created huge trust issues.


This is less important but it is also freaking me out that she is about 5 years younger than him. We live in the only state in the country that it is legal for a 21 year old to have sex with a 16 year old and personally I find it creepy. It makes me take a bit more seriously his regular 'joking' sexual references to girls on tv as young as 14 years old.I don't know what to say to him, I don't even know how I feel, I'm just confused and have no one to talk to but want him to take my concerns seriously.



TL;DR- Found out the girl by boyfriend has been constantly texting for months is actually his ex girlfriend which he has never brought up despite me asking him about her numerous times. He doesn't see the problem while I am very upset. Any advice would be appreciated in how to make him understand my point of view. Or tell me if I'm being petty....

Summary:
So I would ask who she is and every time he said "just a friend".
He doesn't see the problem while I am very upset.
I got over it for a while until one night he had a boys night out.
So he was out and I asked him when he got home if he had told me everything about B.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.02
