Original Response:
I am a 28 year old male. I have been in a relationship with my girlfriend, who is 26, for nearly 3 years.

Throughout the relationship, there have been bumps. I broke up with her three months into the relationship because she continued to wonder what it would be like to experience her bisexuality and be with a woman. I broke up with her so that she would be able to form a relationship with a woman. After about 6 weeks, we got back together, as she had decided that she was happy having relationships with men and wanted to be with me rather than being with a woman and risk losing me.

The second time I broke up with her, it was due to her trying to back out of an agreement. She had been physically assaulted by her step mother, who then decided to cover her tracks and lie by charging my girlfriend with harassment, and I had been working my butt off trying to get the assault charges placed onto the record with the officer who had been on scene. Unfortunately, the officer was corrupt and had been contacted by my girlfriend's father's father, who was also in law enforcement. The officer would not accepted the charges. I continued with it and put all my faith into it. My girlfriend decided after a month of trying to get the charges pressed, even though she had not tried much herself, that she would just make peace. I took a break from the relationship because she had been sure that she wanted charges pressed and wanted her name cleared, and I was tired of doing all the work and then being told to stop.

This break lasted about a week. It was mainly to prove a point: that she was in a toxic relationship with her father and stepmother, who had thrown her out 4 times prior to this one to support the stepmother's drug addicted and promiscuous daughter and slacker son. The judge overseeing the case threw the entire thing out. Not how I wanted it, as these people had gotten away with a lot worse, but at least my girlfriend had no record.

In order for her to be able to get away from these horrible people and have a stable environment, I put my name on a lease for an apartment with her, as her credit had been destroyed by these people. I got the apartment as a way of having her in a stable environment where she could have a stable job and meet good people. The agreement was that she would keep the apartment clean of her messes, help with the bills, etc.

That was almost two years ago. Between then and now, more drama has occurred, but we have weathered the storms, including her mother threatening suicide in order to get attention. Yes, both sides of her family have problems. She's complained about her job, and I have offered solutions. She has not taken my advice. She has not been there for me emotionally. I don't need much, but when I tell her about my day, only to have her change the subject and talk about her experiences, there's a problem. I would also often have to sell things in order to work with the bills. She also spent her last two years worth of tax refunds on herself.

The kicker occurred about three weeks ago. I stay at my parent's home, as I have paid them rent for a while and have time left on our "lease". My girlfriend stays at the apartment. It is perfectly normally for couples who are dating to stay in different places. I stopped by the apartment after work, and I was not happy with what I found.

I work 6 days a week, but I still make time for her and to do my fair share around the apartment.  However, I have constantly had to clean up her messes, take care of her dishes, take care of her laundry, etc. This day was no exception, with one new detail. We have two rats, and their water bottle was empty. I don't mean just empty. It was bone dry. That "broke" my heart. If she cannot take care of two small rats, then how can she take care of children later on in life, right?

I talked to her sister about it, and after a week, due to work, I sat down with my girlfriend and told her that her sister and I thought that a month to fix things would be fair. She agreed. Now, throughout the relationship, I have asked her if I need to improve, do more, etc, and she has always told me that I do more than enough. Communication is important in any relationship, so if she did not communicate otherwise up until this point, there was no issue on my end. If there was, it was not given voice and therefore holds no weight.

It has now been about two weeks since the talk. She was working on a few things, but she was still missing some of the things we had talked about. Things she had agreed to handle. Backtrack two days: I went over to the apartment again after work, and again, I had to handle the dishes, the laundry, etc. Not a huge thing, but AGAIN, the rats were without water. I filled their bottle up to half, intending to tell her that she needed to fill it the rest of the way up as a way to get my point across.

When I talked to her about it, she said that it was not a big deal and that it did not look like I had done anything. Now, I can accept a little questioning of my honesty of integrity. I get it. However, I have been with this woman for almost three years, off and on, and I have done everything I can to make sure she is taken care of emotionally, financially, etc. She has not reason to question me on anything. I am completely honest with her, even when I have to have difficult conversations with her that may hurt her feelings.

Once would have been fine, but the next morning, I gave her a calm and simple reminder to fill the water bottle. She again said it was not a big deal and that it was questionable that I had handled it the night before. This does seem like a small issue, but this was the second time she had questioned me about something that should have been no big deal. Tone and language go into what is and is not proper communication.

I talked to the sister again, and she at first told me I was overreacting and would be throwing away a relationship over nothing. She has understood my point of view up until this point. She now understands where I am coming from. My girlfriend has apologized. I want to forgive her, but I feel like after three years, I can be trusted. I do not want to be put upon a pedestal, but I really have done more than the average partner would do for his girlfriend. I could list things, but I feel that it may be petty.

I apologize for the wall of text. I truly do. I feel that more information is better than less. My point is this:

Have I given enough time and energy to the relationship? If I end it, am I the bad guy? Should I feel guilty? I love the girl, but I cannot continue down this path. I want her in my life, just not as my girlfriend anymore. There is more I am leaving out, but it is left out so as to "save" space, as I have taken up enough already.

Any advice is greatly appreciated. Again, I apologize for the giant wall of text.

TL;DR: I have been in a relationship with my girlfriend for almost 3 years. She is causing me undue stress and has questioned my honesty and integrity, whether she intended to or not, even after I have supported her emotionally, financially, etc without her reciprocating. I love her, but I want to end things. Please advise, and please tell me if I should feel like the bad guy or feel guilty.

Thanks.

Again: any advice given is truly appreciated.

Summary:
She has not been there for me emotionally.
My girlfriend stays at the apartment.
TL;DR: I have been in a relationship with my girlfriend for almost 3 years.
I want her in my life, just not as my girlfriend anymore.
I broke up with her so that she would be able to form a relationship with a woman.
She has not taken my advice.
I have been in a relationship with my girlfriend, who is 26, for nearly 3 years.
I love her, but I want to end things.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
