Original Response:
I've been in a relationship for about 1 year and 3 months, i'm 24 male, she's 23 female, and I'm starting to think that the only reason i began this was because I've always felt a great deal of caring for my gf. I saw how broken she was, the problems she had, etc...    

She has a skin condition and it bothers her a lot and I've always been there to try and calm her down and give her strength. Since the very first day something really weird happened within me because I didn't actually felt happy the first time we kissed or anything, I guess I was just carried because of the excitement of having a girlfriend given she is my first. I've always found my self giving a lot of me for this relationship and I got to a point where I feel that I'm not really getting what I wanted. I was expecting to feel actually happy about my relationship but I really don't.     

I hadn't seen her for about 2 weeks and the day I finally found her again I was actually a bit 'annoyed' mainly because of her skin condition (given it was worst that day). The sex became kind of better with time but lately even though she is better at it I just don't feel much excitement from it and I found my self the last times not even wanting to have sex at all which is rather weird for me because my libido is off the roof honestly, we used to have sex 4 times a day. I created many good memories with her, but whenever i see those memories i just see my self helping her moving towards, because her ex's left a mark in her life and i felt that my job was to help her, and lately I talked with my best friend and told him that I felt that I was living this relationship for her rather than me. I was never a happy person honestly. The most happy times in my life was playing world of warcraft if you can believe that. Why? No idea. I watch movies sometimes and people talk about their dream girl and honestly I never felt that I guess. There was this one time that this girl liked me and I honestly felt like in a dream but I was too immature back then. I never felt that emotion with my gf, not even the first time we had sex. That's another one. In a way I don't really think much about the first time we had sex (I lost my virginity with her) but it just felt wrong and bland. Also when we got our 1 year rings and everything. Sometimes the ring felt too "heavy" on me. Recently I called off a dinner because of her skin condition. Part of me wanted to spare her the drama because other people would look at her, but the other was me not feeling happy about the situation. Honestly I think that i'm a monster, but all I ever wanted was for her to be happy and be strong to recover from her ex's, and writing that I'm afraid i'll become a scar, but this is where I'm trying my hardest to think things through because I really want to be a good thing for her, a good memory of a good guy who actually made her happy rather than taking advantage of her.  
 I always bought her things she needed, I even payed a good amount of money for a new doctor for her skin condition, I bought her a new laptop when she needed one... I honestly tried my hardest. But there was just something about me that never actually felt right. The thing that most bothered me was my constant need for sex, because it wouldn't make me feel whole. I wanted to do it in certain positions or change a lot of whatever and she didn't want it. I wanted to talk about it sometimes she would get upset. Other problem was her lack of freedom her parents are bad to her honestly and I don't have money to take her out of the house. I was there when her 2 uncles died, I tried my best to create bonds with her family, but she would be awkward in situations where I thought she wouldn't be. She never actually made a real effort to connect with my family, or with my friends at all... I tried to do it with her friends and actually made it, they liked me and told her I was one of the good ones. Man i don't know honestly.  

I'm in a mess right now, I've been feeling sick for about 2 weeks now, I found my self thinking about my relationship with her and not being able to sleep well, and i almost never cry, only cried twice my entire life, but in this relationship its about the 3rd time i feel like crying. What i think is that i'll never be happy after this girl because i don't think i deserve to be happy. That sounds corny and childish but its the way i feel. I always did things for others, i would rarely think for my self, thus its something that's just natural in me : wanting to make others feel happy forgetting about my own happiness.  
  

Honestly my biggest fear is that IF i end up getting someone new she won't be like i am, compatible. You know, wanting about the same things that I do, giving importance to communication, to our sex life, being a mature person that wants to move forward with life etc, and my 2nd fear is that my gf gets really broken and sad and ends up in a shitty relationship. I kneel every night and pray for her skin condition to get better, i hope it does honestly because it really is a living hell...  
She says she feels that I'm losing my love for her. I haven't really answered her honestly, i kept avoiding that conversation because all in all im not prepared. I need to talk to my best friend and also a girl friend that's been through a lot with me. I also need to talk to HER best friend because I want her to be prepared to support her and whatnot...  
You may ask why have I kept this all this time. The answer is that i just was okay with making her happy, helping her getting through stuff, and now she is good with it, she is strong honestly. There are problems which i cannot help her with right now, it's out of my league and its consuming me because I feel powerless. I just wanted to help her...  
I'm so confused that I don't really know how I truly am, you know? I mean... A few weeks ago I felt a lesser much lesser version of this and then i was good again, but now its hitting really hard. A family friend is a fortune-teller. She's read my fortune about 3 times. I was in a stage of my life back then related to sex and everything and she got it all right. She even told someone in my life would 'dissapear'. At that time i felt something for this girl, but it was vague and was consuming me because i was alone, she told me that someone would come, but it wouldn't be the one, the next one would be. Few months later this gf of mine came into my life. And all that time the "other one" kept ringing in my head because i thought that THIS ONE was THE ONE that I would be happy with. Last week she read my fortune again. She hadn't seen me for months, she didn't know nothing about my life, only that I had a girlfriend. Not even my own mother knew about my feelings. She told me "even if you tell me you're happy you're lying" she also told me that i was feeling sick, etc... She got a lot of things right and it was like a nuclear bomb. May I have been influenced? In a way yes, it got the effect of what I am feeling much worse. But why? Because all she told me was things that I felt but didn't confess to my self.
I am tried of writing right now. I wonder if this is probably a mess of text but I needed to write it here to Reddit because i've read many things around here and /r/sex that helped me a lot so, yea... I always like to try many things and have many insights.

My specific question is: How do I tell her that I am losing feelings for her? Where do I do it? Because i think a lot about how she will feel (she is very emotional) and I want her to be happy...

tl;dr :: I'm feeling sick because I think that I'm not happy with my relationship and I don't know how to make the next move.

Summary:
I just wanted to help her...
I was never a happy person honestly.
I honestly tried my hardest.
I am tried of writing right now.
I never felt that emotion with my gf, not even the first time we had sex.
But there was just something about me that never actually felt right.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
