Original Response:
There is this girl, let's call her Jane.  She is 21 years old, I am 20.  I really liked Jane a year ago, and when I asked her out, got rejected.  Since then, we've become really good friends and all my feelings for her were gone.  I've completely given up on pursuing a relationship and figured I was friendzoned for good.  Fast forward a year later, and I'm living in a place with rent that is much higher than I could handle.  Luckily for me, Jane says she needs a place to stay and decides to split my rent with me.  I saw nothing wrong with this because I was pretty much 100% certain that there were no feelings left and I could really use the help with the rent.  Things were fine a month or so in.  There's this guy, let's call him Joe that she was into.  During this time, I actually tried my best to get them together.  I never felt jealous or uneasy, confirming that I was over her.  

2 months into us rooming together, I noticed that we were getting a lot closer.  I couldn't tell if she was flirting with me or she's become more comfortable with me.  We'd play fight, etc etc, just friendly physical banter.  We started watching movies together and we'd sit close and basically cuddle while we watch.  This ending up rekindling my feelings for her.  I began wondering if she was beginning to like me.  I was so conditioned to believe that once you've become friendzoned it was over that I couldn't take the most obvious signs as hints of interest.  Then one night, I came home drunk from a party and we ended up spooning on the couch.  At that point, I decided to just go for it and if worse came to worse, just blame it on the alcohol.  We ended up making out pretty much the entire night.

Things after that were like a rollercoaster of her being hot and cold towards me.  The day after we initially hooked up, we decided to just go with the flow.  The whole time, I knew what I wanted with her, I wanted a relationship but with her, she was never sure.  There are days where she'll be really warm towards me and others where she'll act like she doesn't even know me.  We kept this on the down low and no one else knew about it except for us.  During this time, we were on and off, mostly through her decision, where she'll tell me she wants to ends things.  However, this never lasts long and we end up hooking up again.  It's harder than you'd think to just end things when we see each other everyday.  To her, I feel the whole time it was strictly a physical thing but for me, I definitely had feelings for her.  Which is essentially the worst thing you can have when you are in a fwb relationship.

When I went home for Thanksgiving break, this was the only real time we've ever been apart.  During this time, she'll text me and try really hard to keep in touch with me.  She told me she missed me and overall, was really exciting and warm.  I thought I was in for sure, that all my patience paid off and I can finally share how I feel.  When I return home, she tells me that this isn't just physical for her anymore, I was ecstatic.  However, when I brought up where we were going, and whether we'd ever be in a relationship, she told me she doesn't see it ever getting there with me.  I should've ended it there, but instead I tried to disregard my feelings and tried to have a strictly physical relationship with her again.  We decided to just be each other's hook up buddy, and if we find someone that we were interested in, we would stop.  If we were ever single, we were free to hit each other up for some harmless fun.  At the time, I thought I was okay with this, I was even the one that present that idea.

Winter break came around, I went home and this time around, I barely heard from her at all.  I stressed every single day about whether she was over me.  I kept questioning myself why was I worrying so much.  The day before new years, she calls me and says that she wants to hook up with someone for new years.  Prior to this, I told her that if she ever hooks up with anyone, that we would be over for good.  I told her I appreciated the fact that she told me about it beforehand and we ended it on very good terms.  

At first, it was really relieving that it was all over.  I felt free at last.  The next day was when it all hit me.  I felt cheated and hurt.  I hit up one of my good female friends, let's call her Jill, and told her to take me out for new years.  We ended up going to a party together and we hooked up that night.  It was probably the most shallow sex I have ever had in my life, I did it strictly to get me mind off of Jane.  It definitely helped and we continued to hook up for the remainder of the break.  I haven't spoken to Jane at all during this period.  

During this time I learned a lot about myself.  As obvious as it may be, I realized the only reason I cared about whether Jane hooks up with anyone else, whether things were over between us, and pretty much everything summed up to because I liked her.  As much as I can try and pretend that I don't like her and I was just going to stay with her for the physical means, I can't.  

I go back to school and see Jane for the first time since we left before winter break.  She moves back in and things were fine.  I was extremely adamant about not going back because I did not want to get hurt.  I can't go back to being in a fwb relationship because I knew I couldn't handle it.  Despite all of this, despite knowing this, we hooked up again.  I am stupid.  I know this.  I am stupid.  It was a huge mistake yet I keep on making it over and over again.  

This goes on for about 3-4 more days until I turn to her and tell her that if things aren't going anywhere, I want things to end.  I was just completely honest with her.  I told her I liked her and I needed to end things for me if things were going to get anywhere.  At this time, she tells me that she isn't ready for a relationship, with anyone, but she says that that may change in the future.  This greatly differs from her answer when I last asked her this when she said she didn't see us going anywhere.  She also told me that she liked me too and that this was not just a fwb thing with her anymore.  She said that she respects my decision and doesn't want me to get hurt.  I decided to give it another chance, because things have improved since.  We are actually progressing towards a relationship and we mutually like each other now.  She then admitted to me that if we ended, she would have to move out because she'd need her space from me since there are now strings attached and it would be hard on her to see me everyday and not have us anymore.

Things were really good since then, we've become closer, stay up all night talking, it was great.  We were more open about our feelings and thoughts.  She explained to me the reason she wanted to end things and was so distant during winter break is because she did not want to be tied down if we were going to get anywhere.  She wanted to experience new things.  I understood this, it would've made no sense for her to be obligated to me if there was nothing to be obligated to to begin with.  I respected that fact that she talked to me before she did anything.

Things continue to go really well, until I notice that she has been talking to Joe.  Joe was the guy I was giving her advice with back when we were friends.  I didn't think much of it, since they were friends and I have never been the type to be overbearing or protective.  They went out to eat one day and when she told me about it, assured me that there was no feelings left for him.  She hasn't acted any differently to indicate any shady behavior so I let it go.  However, 2 nights ago she went out with her friends for a birthday party.  They were set to go clubbing.  When she came home, I glanced over at her phone and see that she was talking to Joe.  Her phone is one of those that show the content of the text even if you don't open it.  What was shown was that she was inviting him to go to the club with her.  The problem with this is, she invited him to go out with her while she was downtown.  She never even asked me if I wanted to go with her and went straight to him.  

Now, I don't know what to do.  How to approach this situation,  What makes this so much more complicated is we're not even dating so it isn't like she is cheating on me.  I don't want to bring it up to her because I don't want her thinking I invaded her privacy or anything.  I feel like there may be something going on between the two of them or I'm just overthinking it.  They've hooked up at clubs before so it isn't too likely to be just a friendly meeting.  However, she has told me she isn't interested in hooking up with anyone and I feel like we have implied exclusivity, probably not a word but whatever.  I don't know what to take of it, things were going so well and we've become closer than ever.  She hasn't acted distant or anything.  

To me, I feel like she has and still likes him, probably more so than me.  I have the suspicion that Joe is the guy she really wants but I am the guy that she knows she has.  So basically, the back up guy.  Or I could just be over thinking all of this and it was just a friendly meet up.  

I don't know what to do, a part of me wants to just end things between her and put a stop to all this.  I don't think relationships should be this difficult.  The problem is, her helping me pay my rent is a huge help and my life would be much harder financially without her living here.  I basically made the dumbest mistake known to man.  I hooked up with a good friend.  Developed feelings.  To top it all off, she's even my roommate.  I'm sorry for rambling so much, most of the story probably isn't even necessary.  I even doubt it makes sense.  I'm just typing down whatever comes to my mind so I do apologize if it is an incoherent mess.  I'm not even sure what advice I am seeking.  I guess I'm just asking for feedback and what reddit thinks I should do.  I know what I want, and that is a relationship with Jane.  I believe what is best for me is to give up on her, but that would mean losing her half of the rent.

Summary:
I hooked up with a good friend.
I know what I want, and that is a relationship with Jane.
She never even asked me if I wanted to go with her and went straight to him.
We ended up going to a party together and we hooked up that night.
I told her I liked her and I needed to end things for me if things were going to get anywhere.
I don't know what to take of it, things were going so well and we've become closer than ever.
I don't think relationships should be this difficult.
Now, I don't know what to do.
Prior to this, I told her that if she ever hooks up with anyone, that we would be over for good.
Things continue to go really well, until I notice that she has been talking to Joe.
I have the suspicion that Joe is the guy she really wants but I am the guy that she knows she has.
I don't know what to do, a part of me wants to just end things between her and put a stop to all this.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
