Original Response:
Me 27, him 29.  Been together a little over 2 years, with a few breaks thrown in.  Posted on here before, got some helpful support, so back again.

I don't know where to begin in describing how much this man has destroyed me.  He's cheated, 8 times that I know about, but he's told me there are more he just doesn't specifically remember because he did it so often.  When he broke up because of the cheating, he lied to his family and friends about what happened and told them crazy shit about me, stuff like I tried to sue him (don't even know where he came up with that), I tried to sleep with his friends (again, don't know where he came up with that, since he was constantly asking me to have threesomes with his friends and I would say no, and don't talk to any of his male friends unless he's present), I'm super controlling (his favorite example was when I threw a dinner party, had to run out to the store after dinner for more wine, and told him he didn't have to come with me, and never mentioned it again.  Apparently that's being controlling bc I was clearly testing him in front of my friends to make him look bad.)  

So his friends and family obviously hate me and think I'm psychotic, he's grown apart from most of them because he doesn't want them to find out the truth, and he constantly yells at me and blames me because I "took away all his friends", even though I've actually always tried my hardest to reach out to them, invite them to my parties, invite them to use my place for their parties, even threw him a surprise birthday party with all his friends there.  But no matter how nice you are to people, if they think you've mind-fucked their friend/son/brother, tried to sue him and sleep with his friends, they aren't going to like you.  

He has massive anxiety/depression issues- I'm 90% sure he's bipolar, and he sometimes admits it himself- which he takes completely out on me, which again, is my fault because I isolated all his friends so I'm the only person he has to take shit out on.  When he's depressed, I get phone calls at all hours of the night, keeping me awake literally until I have to leave for the work, talking about how he wants to kill himself.  Sometimes he'll lash out during those times too, once he told me he was glad he cheated on me bc it was fun and I deserved it, stuff like that.  

When he's anxious/manic, its pure hell.  There was the time he came over to my place, my cat had had an accident on the floor which I cleaned up as soon as we walked inside, and he told me I'm living in filth, should be on Animal Hoarders, my apartment is a health hazard, he was never coming over again unless I hired a maid to clean each time before he came, etc etc, and wouldn't talk to me for days.  

Then there was the time we had plans, he showed up over three hours late, and when I asked him to apologize he blew up, told me I was psychotic/controlling/too demanding/etc, stormed out, and wouldn't talk to me for about a week.  

Oh, and the time we went to Vegas together, and I invited a few of my friends that live a few hours from Vegas to come out so they could meet him, which I told him about before we even bought the plane tickets.  We spent the first two days doing everything he wanted to do, basically meaning going to strip clubs, and the second my friends showed up he started acting like a jerk and told me I clearly invited them because I don't love him, he doesn't like "surprises" (that he knew about for two months), told me I make him a bad person, and dumped me.  

And there's my family- I had a really verbally abusive father who kicked me out when I was 17 and I haven't talked to since.  He constantly tells me its my fault, I deserved to get kicked out, he understands why my father didn't want to deal with me anymore, and demands he be allowed to speak to my father and hear the "true" story because he knows I'm lying.  

Oh, and there was the time I caught him exchanging naked pictures with one of his female friends through email, behind my back, he lied when confronted, then he flipped out on me for being upset, said I was clearly just jealous of him having friends and was trying to ruin their friendship, said he was still going to exchange pictures with her and have her sleep over at his place and do whatever he wanted because I had no right to control his friendships, and broke up with me when I insisted he not have her over to hang out alone at his place and sleep over anymore.  She ended up ending her friendship with him so the issue kind of died, but not because he did the right thing.  

Right now, its because he cancelled plans to come to my place for the second time this week, and I just had had enough and sent him an email pointing out that he never tries to do anything special for me (which he doesn't), never does anything romantic to make me happy, never tries to make plans with me or asks me to hang out- its always me asking him and making the plans and driving the 40 miles to his place to see him, waking up an hour early to get to work in the morning, cleaning his place, doing his laundry, shopping for him, cooking for him, etc.  So, he came to my place and started yelling at me, made me cry and then told me I was being a fucking pussy and stormed out because I cried, I called him and he finally said he would come back and be nice to me if I promised not to bring up anything and end the fight for the night.  So this morning I try to talk to him, and he says he thought it was over and we resolved it last night, I point out that we didn't resolve anything, he just said he wasn't going to talk to me unless I dropped it, and that the way he had treated me wasn't OK.  So he gets pissed off that I'm "dragging this out when it should be over", apologizes in that "There Sorry I said it can we move on?" kind of way, says he knows he was an asshole but doesn't really care and doesn't want to deal with it, and said he'll come by my place this weekend so we can finish the conversation and we better resolve it and move on, and he wasn't going to talk to me until then.  What was funniest was at one point he told me we should take a 3-month break so I can date other guys and presumably realize how amazing I have it with him.  I reminded him I'd been dating for a long time before I met him, and know what its like to get flowers once a week, and taken out for romantic nights, and told romantic nice things everyday, reminded that I'm beautiful and loved and appreciated constantly... he dropped the idea of a break pretty quickly, but kept telling me I should break up with him because I clearly am way too demanding, if I expect more than him calling me every day and not cheating on me in a while, and if he doesn't make me happy I should just leave because he's doing everything he possibly can.  Then he reminded me he struggles with anxiety and depression, and that I shouldn't even be bringing this up and making him feel bad because he's a high suicide risk.

Man that felt good to vent, sorry for the epic length.  Now, breaking up seems obvious, but there are good times too.  He actually has worked on himself, I genuinely believe he's stopped cheating, there are other ways in which he treats me slightly less shitty than he used to.  And when we're together just hanging out, its perfect.  I've never been so in love.  I do know that he has a mood disorder that's responsible for a lot of his behaviour, a lot of addiction problems (sex addiction- legit, not Tiger Woods style, cheated on me with 50y.o. men he met on craig's list type of sex addict- drinks and smokes pot daily because he says it soothes his anxiety).  He does have a good heart if he could learn to balance out his moods and chemicals, but he refuses treatment.  I genuinely love him, and would give anything for him to just get some help with his issues so we could move on.  And he's told me mutliple times he wants to marry me, I'm the woman of his dreams.  But he throws away everything good we have because he doesn't want to admit he needs some help, he made a huge mess out of his life with the lies and addictions and he can't just change overnight, having a professional to talk to might not be awful.  

**TL;DR:  Boyfriend has a mood disorder/chemical imbalance, which leads to VERY destructive and abusive behaviour.  Love him more than life itself when he's being "him", but can't deal with the awful parts anymore.**

Has anyone else been with someone who has similiar problems?  I feel like I know the right answer is give him an ultimatum, therapy or I leave, but its so hard when you've spent two years loving someone so much.  We have a trip planned in two months that is all I've looked forward to since we planned it, a romantic week in the Carribean, just us- I don't want to give that up.  And not just that, every future plan, the ones we haven't made yet- future trips, future experiences, building a life together.

How do you find the strength to break up with someone you madly love, because they won't help themselves?

Summary:
I've never been so in love.
I genuinely love him, and would give anything for him to just get some help with his issues so we could move on.
And he's told me mutliple times he wants to marry me, I'm the woman of his dreams.
So he gets pissed off that I'm "dragging this out when it should be over", apologizes in that "There Sorry I said it can we move on?"

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
