Original Response:
My girlfriend and I had been dating for 4 years. She was the love of life, the center of my world, all of that good stuff. At the time I was moderately religious and was trying my best to stay "Pure". For completely understandable reasons this drove my girlfriend absolutely crazy (being 18), to the point where she cheated on me multiple times over the course of about a year. We did the whole "breakup then makeup" thing many times. I knew she wanted to have both a physical and mental relationship with me. 

After a few days of soul searching I came to my senses and dropped the purity thing and our relationship improved significantly. The only problem was a lingering guy that she had basically fallen in love with because of my stupidity. She had a very hard time choosing to stop seeing him altogether but decided to try and make me her priority. Over to course of a few months we went between having a great relationship, to her relapsing and seeing this other guy, to him throwing a glass against the wall.... Back and forth, back and forth. She loved me but thought I would never propose to her. I wanted her to prove I was her priority before I would propose. The vicious cycle is obvious now.

One day I get a text basically saying she had given up on me, and left me for the other guy. This girl was the love of my life, had everything I wanted in a partner, got my stupid humor, enjoyed a lot of the same things as me, everything. I never thought she would actually leave me (naive). 

I decided to put everything on the line and went and bought a ring. Eventually I convinced her to see me and I proposed. She asked for a few days to think about it. I gave her time. She said yes. We set about planning our wedding and doing some counseling. 

One day about 2 weeks later I come home from work to find her ring sitting on the counter. I called many times, drove to every place I thought she might be, called again, drove for hours. I eventually found her alone at a park. She was having panic attacks because she loved me, but worried about if she making the right choice. She is a VERY physical person and needs verbal reassurance. I had lacked giving her both of these things and she didn't want our marriage to be hollow. This other guy she had fallen in love with gave her those things (although had a very short temper and would fly into rages, a "bad boy" type). I told her I would change what needed to be changed, we could go to counseling and make it work. She said she just needed to get away from everything, I told her to pack her bags. 2 hours later we were on a flight to Las Vegas.

We spent 3 days there having a great time, talking a lot, drinking a lot, having a blast. At some point she got a text from the other guy, and replied to him that she was in Vegas with me and that we were going to make it work...............the guy flies out to Vegas. 

She convinced me (stupidly) to let her go talk to him and end it. I get a call from her a half hour later saying she loved me, but couldn't marry me because she was afraid I wouldn't change and give her the affection she needed. I tried to keep her on the phone talking to me, trying to convince her that the other guy was bad for her and would hurt her (possibly physically) and she eventually hung up.

I was left in our 20th floor Treasure Island hotel room on my knees with my forehead pressed against the glass, beautiful view of the Vegas Strip in front of me, sobbing. 

This is going to sound like a bad movie (it already does), but I had no charger for my phone and spent the next 2 hours chain smoking, calling/texting her, and trying to find ANY place that would sell me a prepaid phone so I could keep trying after mine died. With my phone yelling at me that it was about to die, and absolutely no place that had prepaid phones(I kid you not) I got a text from her telling me she was going to meet me outside the hotel.

I found her and she proceeded to tell me that he had had sex with her, gotten incredibly mad about something (I forget exactly what) and then fallen asleep. She had finally realized that this guy would drag her life down and could very likely be physically abusive. She left while he was sleeping. We talked for hours that night. That was the last time she saw/talked to him. We got married 6 months later.

It is now 3 years later, our marriage has been bliss. Obviously we have had arguments, but we have gotten through them like adults. I have finally learned that she needs verbal reassurance that I love her. I tell her every day when I wake up for work, and every night before we go to bed. She has learned that I need commitment and honesty, she does a wonderful job with both.

Everything is fantastic. Awesomely, ridiculously, stupidly, bad romcomly(?) great. 

Story over.

Now to my question for everyone. I have gotten over the fear that she might leave me again like when I came home from work with the ring on the counter or in Vegas. She knows it took me a long time to get there and reminds me daily that she isn't going anywhere and that she is in it for life. My problem is complete lack of Libido. She is a freak in the bed, I just have no drive or desire. I got my testosterone checked. I've been on Bupropion to help with fear and depression (one of its side effects is increased libido). I am physically fit, healthy and find her attractive. No desire for sex. We do have sex, but probably only once every 3 weeks or so.

This MUST stem from a combination of my past religious views and her past infidelity. I love her. I want to give her everything she wants. I really have no idea why my drive is completely shut down or how to restart it.

That is the advice that I am looking for. How can I get my desire for sex back so that I can fix the last tiny crack in our relationship? I swear that if I can fix this, our relationship would be the one that everyone wishes they had, but don't believe is possible.

Thanks in advance for any and all help.

TL;DR: My wife cheated on me years ago while we were dating, Vegas shenanigans ensued, we are now happily married but I have lost my desire for sex. How can I get it back?

Summary:
She loved me but thought I would never propose to her.
I want to give her everything she wants.
How can I get it back?
She is a freak in the bed, I just have no drive or desire.
We talked for hours that night.
One day I get a text basically saying she had given up on me, and left me for the other guy.
I knew she wanted to have both a physical and mental relationship with me.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
