Original Response:
I'm 23/F, he's 28/M. We were together for nearly two years. The last month or so has been a strange kind of pseudo-relationship.

The background. He had started, in my opinion, violating some boundaries of mine. A female friend used to hang out with us as a couple sometimes. After a while, he started texting her and e-mailing her. I didn't mind the e-mails at first because he was mostly giving her a male opinion on the guys she was dating, and I would be CC'd. Then the texting started, and that just made me uncomfortable. He's kind of a flirt, but I trust him not to take it too far, so that wasn't really the issue. The main problem was that it felt like he was trying to make a relationship that was *mine* into something that's his, too. I like having this lady as a friend- she's one of the few people I can talk to about things, including my relationship with the boyfriend. I like that I have someone who's loyal to me, and I don't really want to change that. When I tried to express this to him, he said that I was being very controlling, that I couldn't decide who his friends were, that he'd never met anyone who wanted to control relationships as much as I do, etc. He explained that he's the type that just wants everyone to be friends with everyone else. Well... I don't. And I said as much. But to him, that's very strange and makes me kind of a control freak. He said I was putting a stop to something that was happening naturally (their friendship). That part is totally ridiculous to me- she showed me anything he ever sent her, because it made her kind of uncomfortable to think that I didn't know about it. She respects boundaries and had no interest in a personal, one-on-one friendship with him like he did with her. But, he doesn't accept that- he resents me for "ruining" it for him.

So, we had a few more talks over the course of a month or so and I made it clear that his behavior made me uncomfortable. We set some boundaries together and he violated them once, making me a little sore about the whole thing. I said I'd prefer that they just didn't talk anymore. He agreed, but things were pretty rocky between us. Then, I go out to lunch with my friend, and she asks how things are between me and the boyfriend. I say not so great, and she reveals that he'd been texting her for the last week, and that she thought it was strange because she didn't think he and I were getting along very well. She showed me the conversation- it was mostly him, saying how he needs more of her in his life and that he wants her to meet his dog, etc. Nothing sexual or blatantly flirtatious, but I took it as a flagrant violation of what we'd agreed on, complete disrespect of my feelings, and deception. I told him to pack his things, that I was taking him to his family's house for the rest of his time in town. He refused to leave my apartment and told me I'd have to have the cops called. He became incredibly emotional, told me I could be a real bitch, that I was a nasty person, etc. Said I don't care for anyone but myself. Told me that he would have at least given me a chance to explain if the tables were turned. Refused to admit that he was lying or hiding any of it. Told me again that I was being controlling about who he was speaking to, and that I was dumping him for trying to be friends with someone, etc. Yelled for a long time, cried... it was bad. He told me I was treating him like garbage for doing it so abruptly and without hearing his side. I guess I was thinking that I'd already seen the text messages- what could his side possibly be?

After about a week, he came to stay with me again, and he's been here for about three weeks. Nothing sexual has happened between us, but it's been kind of intimate again. We sleep in the same bed, touch each other affectionately, etc. Since it's been about a month now since the break-up, and we've been acting like this the whole time, I decided to bring up (gently and calmly) that it can't continue in this state. It's too intimate for either one of us to move on, but not enough of a relationship for us to be happy in it. He became very uncomfortable and said that he'd been trying not to think about it. He said he can't get over how I kicked him out and how cruel it was. He started to get more and more agitated and went to take a shower in a fit of anger. When he got out of the shower, he interrogated me about the friend's role in the break-up. I defended her, said she showed me the texts because she thought it was strange that he was contacting her when things weren't good between us. He would repeat back what I said and spin it, saying that the friend was being manipulative, wanted us to break up, and was presenting it to me in a way that would make me do so. Everything I said to him during this episode was met with sarcasm, anger, frustration, or condescension. If I told him he was come across, he'd correct me. For instance, "I'm not being hostile toward you. I'm being hostile toward the situation" while he's leaning aggressively over my counter and barraging me with questions. It seems like everything he does during episodes like this is designed to make me feel stupid. At least, that's the result. So I just sit there, trying to meet his attacks with calmness. After about a half an hour, I finally get upset and he tells me that he "can't deal with my emotion right now." I point out that I just calmly dealt with his for a half an hour, and he tells me that I was "only patient for maybe 20 minutes of it." What?

He leaves. Later in the evening I get a bunch of texts from the friend, who my (ex?) boyfriend is now harassing about being "morally bankrupt," the catalyst for why we're broken up, and for "betraying him." When I see him after it happens, he laughs about it, says that his goal was to ruin her night and he was happy to see that it worked. He also says that his conversation with her is none of my business, really, and that if it made me mad he doesn't care. To me, he's now meddling with my life and the people in it who are important to me. When I try to explain this, he said he expected me to be "less biased" and to have a spectator's role instead of "throwing myself in the middle of it." 

I realize this was long. But I felt like I had to throw in details enough to get an accurate assessment of:

1) Was I wrong, controlling, or otherwise negative for being upset by his contact with my friend?

2) Is it reasonable for him to expect to have one-on-one relationships with the people in my life? Do most couples do that?

3) How much of an overreaction was it to break-up with him over the contact with the friend behind my back? Did I freak out over nothing?

4) I feel like he's being manipulative during fights, but I might just be hypersensitive to it because of growing up with a BPD mom. From the descriptions here, is he?

5) What right do I have to be upset with him for going off on my friend? He says that he just needed to say his peace.

6) Am I crazy for trying to make this work, or am I crazy for freaking out over little things?

I don't know what's real anymore!

EDIT: I should add that this has been a long distance relationship for several months. I should also add that he's been using my car, staying at my place, and uses one of my credit cards for now, since he's a student with very little money and I work. When he says that I "only care about myself" I try to point out how I've been bending over backwards to help him out, but he says that those are only superficial things :-/

Summary:
Said I don't care for anyone but myself.
He became very uncomfortable and said that he'd been trying not to think about it.
And I said as much.
He said he can't get over how I kicked him out and how cruel it was.
I realize this was long.
But to him, that's very strange and makes me kind of a control freak.
I said I'd prefer that they just didn't talk anymore.
Then the texting started, and that just made me uncomfortable.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
