Original Response:
Hey guys, I post here a bunch but this is my first time asking for advice.  I'm 25 F and have been with my bf 24 M for about 15 months.  It's semi-LDR (about an hour away) so it's been working well because we're both really busy with school/work and, particularly for me, I don't' have time to stress over the usual relationship dramas/jealousies so I spend free time enjoying time with him rather than ever stressing/wondering about who he's hanging out with, why he's not texting, etc.  

So last weekend he was over at my place and he got a call at around 1 am on Saturday from an unknown number...it woke us up so I got up to turn off his phone and saw it was an unknown number and I noticed the area code, didn't think that much about it and went to bed.  The next day I off handedly asked him why someone was calling him in the middle of the night, and he said he didn't know and it was a number he didn't recognize, and that was it.  I thought it was weird he wasn't more curious who it was so I googled the area code and the number is from SF, and I'm pretty sure the only person he knows who lives there is his ex.

So a little backstory:  he and I met in college, we both were in different serious relationships for much of college.  He was particularly serious with his ex, who was in my group of friends.  Sadly I remember the details of how he wanted to be with her most of freshman year, got over her a little sophomore year, then they dated most of junior and senior year.  Apparently they're relationship was pretty good except for at the end when they were deciding what to do after graduation and fighting a lot.  As far as I know it seems like if graduation/distance hadn't been issues they might be together now.  I heard from the ex (I used to talk to her more in college than I used to talk to him) that he had talked about marriage and that she had to tell him she didn't want to marry him and he got really upset.  Just to give you guys an idea of how serious they were.  

in any case, time passed, and he and i started dating.  he would occasionally talk about her but not that much and it didn't really bother me.  then about 4 months into our relationship he went to SF on a business trip (we both live on the east coast) and we went the whole day without texting/contacting each other at all, which is very weird for us.  Something felt really off to me.  I got an email from him that night just asking if everything was ok since we hadn't talked.  the next morning he called and left me a voicemail saying he was hanging out at the beach, I called him back and we chatted for a few minutes.  he still hadn't told me who he was with or what was going on (we were at a stage where if he was meeting up with someone he would tell me ahed of time about his plans).  anyway long story short (i know it's still long) i find out he's with her, and im incredibly upset that he didn't tell me his plans of meeting up with her (not just for dinner, but for 2-3 days, hanging out with her and her friends at the beach).  Not to mention that we had decided to keep our relationship private from our college friends so she and her friends all thought he was single.  She had a new long term bf though so i wasn't particularly worried about her trying to get back together or anything, i just felt weird and uncomfortable that he didn't tell me about her. 

anyway, i was upset enough that i told him id rather be friends with him than date him with this kind of drama/worrying about this ex issue.  the reaction was a bit over the top, probably bc the bf i had in college left me for his ex-gf.  he told me repeatedly during our relationship that nothign was going on with her and him and that he didn't love her anymore, etc.  then one day completely out of the blue he wanted to break up, and i found out that he was back with her less than a week later.  so i spent almost a year heartbroken and obsessing over all the signs i should have seen with him that he was still in love with his ex, and i promised myself if those signs ever came up in a situation again i would leave and not go through that heart break again.

so anyway, after that incident with my current bf visiting his ex without telling me, we had a fight but decided to stay together.  he stopped talking about her/mentioning her at all probably because he didn't want to upset me.  which is fine, i didn't particularly want to hear about her and i trust that he would never be unfaithful so it saved me from the stress about worrying about it, although im some level i knew they still occasionally talked and stuff.  

so the next time i thought about her significantly is over christmas break, when i went to visit him.  i have a habit of going through his wallet and cleaning it out/organizing it/looking at the pics on his different IDs and comparing them (not in a snooping way...he's always sitting right there).  so anyway I was doing that, and in the back of the wallet saw a note, and i recognized his ex's handwriting immediately.  the only text i could see was "happy birthday!" i was shaken up and quickly put away his wallet because i didn't want to see it or let him know i saw it.  since i've gone through his wallet before, i know the note wasn't there a few months ago, so it must have been from this year's bday (in november).  i put it away and tried to forget about it but i knew it was there and it would occasionally come to mind

anyway so that brings us to this last weekend.  he got the phone call late saturday night.  i googled the area code sunday.  was very sad that it was from SF.  it's unclear to me if it was actually her or if it was a random coincidence.  also unclear if he knows who it was/ found out who it was or whether he never called back.  and after seeing it was from SF i decided, fuck it, what does that note say.  it was still in his wallet but in a slightly different location, so i know he's looked at it/ knows it's there.  it said happy birthday, you're the awesomest, &lt;3(her name).  not particularly inflammatory, but i certainly don't like the heart, or that her telling him he's the awesomest means enough to him that he likes to carry it around.

so then i didn't know what to do.  whether to just try to forget about it (that's what i've been trying to do so far, but it hasn't been working and everyone time i think about it i get sad and don't want to talk to him), or to ask him about it (which doesn't sound particularly pleasant, because of the fight we had last time about her, and also the fact i probably won't be able to say her name without crying.  those are basically the only options, i think. 

anyway sorry about the super long excessively detailed post.  it was helpful to get out/organize it in my mind, and maybe someone will read it all and respond.  thanks for any advice/insight/guidance

tl;dr sad bc bf got late night call from an unknown number in the city his ex lives in, also that he carries around a note from her in his wallet.  probably overreacting but feeling sad and unsure how to proceed

Summary:
so then i didn't know what to do.
was very sad that it was from SF.
he would occasionally talk about her but not that much and it didn't really bother me.
He was particularly serious with his ex, who was in my group of friends.
so anyway I was doing that, and in the back of the wallet saw a note, and i recognized his ex's handwriting immediately.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
