Original Response:
I am a 24M with one prior relationship that lasted four years / ended two years ago. She is currently separated with her husband of eight years. She has three kids (twins + 1)and youngest one is two years old. 


To give a little background, I was one of those kids who never wanted to do anything with their lives. I completely wasted my school days. I was never a troublemaker but I just spent a shit ton of time doing nothing and playing video games. I can`t say I wasn't a sad loser for most of my life. I recently put myself together after hitting rock bottom (I broke up with my gf and my best friend no longer wanted to see me until I stopped being a bum) I had a huge growing up year last year where I stepped out of my shell and started doing things and talking to people. 


I met her at work. I can't say my past history didn't contribute to making me fall for her harder. I was immediately drawn in by her cheerful/bright personality. We spent so much time together over five months. I started being dependent on her and her to me. 

In one particularly late night conversation, She confided to me about her history of sexual abuse by her dad. She actually tried to kill herself after the event and has a pretty serious looking scar on her wrist. She never told it to anyone apparently. Contrary to what was initially shown, she was just as vulnerable and sad as me. Feelings started to develop and when I learned that she was going to go work somewhere else, it started to get pretty tense. I knew she was married and always respected boundaries. That was until she confessed her feelings for me. 


I struggled with it for a long time. I knew she was still married and had three kids. Regardless of how dead/bad her marriage was(I will say more on this later), the husband was still in it for the kids and I knew the divorce period will get very ugly. I was/still am pretty unsure about how I'd be with her kids. I was/still am filled with love for her and said I liked her back. We started seeing each other a lot more than usual outside of work and eventually had sex. 

The husband found out not too long after the event. Although they didn't sleep in the same bed anymore, they still lived in the same house and he noticed her being on the phone so much. He went through her phone while she was asleep and learned everything, our love for each other, our future plans together, and what we've done. Things went pretty bad as expected. Bruises on her body, I was assaulted and police were involved. 

Fast forward couple months, the guy moved out, we didn't press any charges, and I recovered from my injuries and I returned to work. She started working somewhere else and we are seeing each other everyday after work.  


This probably hints to what kind of guy her husband is. I don't really know too much of her relationship with him but what I do know is they had a great honeymoon start like any other couple. She had a gloomy upbringing and she thought he could take her away from her sad life, but things went south as soon as their wedding was over. She told me they got married too early and wasn't right for each other. They just argued and argued and fought a lot. She also had some history of sexual abuse that she didn't confide in anybody. The guy assumed the lack of sex was just waiting until marriage thing. When she still refused to just have sex with him, he pretty much raped her. (I can't even begin to imagine how damaging this must be to someone with history of abuse) and that was how most of their marriage was; ton of fights, and marital rape. 

I think she initially took the wrong approach to dealing with her trauma at first, thinking it'd just go away. I assume she tried to meet him half way at first. She also never had sex with any of her past boyfriends. Upon realizing how traumatizing sex with him was for her, she withdrew without really telling him why. I think that was wrong on her part but it doesn't excuse him on what he did. 


Writing this down, it seems so bizarre why she let it go on. Maybe she thought this was how all marriages were after honeymoon was over. Maybe she thought she deserved it because her life was always so hard, she just thought she should live with it. Her mother had abandoned her when she was little because her father was physically abusive (her being left alone to live with her father later led to..) I think she just doesn't want do the same thing her mom did. The last child was unplanned. She was fighting back pretty hard past couple years so the guy did it while she was asleep. She realized she was pregnant rather late (she has irregular periods) and the abortion clinic referred her to a shadier clinic. She told me she cried and cried sitting at the waiting room. She said her first twins had brought so much happiness in her life and she just couldn't go through with it. 

Apparently when she came home crying, her husband told her to shut the fuck up because she was being loud. Like wow.  I am just so bewildered as to what kind of colossal douche-bag this man is that she's married to. Just fuck without birth control. Hey, you're pregnant go get an abortion? While this man seems so despicable / verbally abusive, he still stayed in the marriage and supported the kids. I had such mixed emotions when I saw his facebook page filled with the kids pictures, although there weren't any pictures of him and her together. 


Right now, I am just waiting for divorce to go through. She doesn't want to just severe all ties with this guy because she isn't financially capable of raising them all on her own. I think she doesn't fully trust that I will commit yet due to my age / her kids, although I have shown every intention of wanting to do so. I haven't got to see the kids, but I assume I can't really be barging into their home yet. 


I've told three people of this situation and all of them are telling me not to do it. My cousin went as far as saying I was too good to be 'wasted' on a 30 year old woman with three kids. But none of them really knows what I feel. She entered my life when it was darkest. She gave me hope and joy when I needed it the most. I just remember her having victim flashbacks during sex. She started shaking and crying muttering "how could you do this to me". (She didn't remember any of this after) This woman is so damaged. She NEEDS me as much as I need her. I remember the calm I felt when I confronted her husband. I remember us holding each other saying we would never let go and me promising her that I would never hurt her.  


I understand the taboo of the age difference but we connected and related well as friends at first. I also understand the huge responsibilities her kids come with. My friend keeps telling me to walk away. Suffer a couple months, maybe years but I will find someone who I can have a fresh start with. She is also aware of this and tried to push me away several times. To me, that just further proved how much she really loved me and I just kept convincing her to stay with me. She went through so much in her life. She really deserves better. I want to be that person who gives her that. 


I'm sorry if my writing is a mess. 

Tl;dr. I [24M] want to commit to a soon to be divorcee [30F] with three kids. We've known each other for 9 months-ish now. Please offer objective opinions on this situation and anything else I might be missing.

Summary:
She NEEDS me as much as I need her.
She went through so much in her life.
I knew she was still married and had three kids.
I started being dependent on her and her to me.
I want to be that person who gives her that.
I met her at work.
Right now, I am just waiting for divorce to go through.
She also never had sex with any of her past boyfriends.
She never told it to anyone apparently.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
