Original Response:
As of the past few weeks I have been losing my mind over a Girl, I'm hoping just putting this all out here will clear my mind and maybe ease some of my emotions and get some general ideas of what others think.
   Heres where it starts, I'm a 24 year old man who started working at a starbucks roughly a year ago. Over time I came to be very good friends with with all of my mostly female coworkers. Over summer one that i worked with probably the most broke up with her boyfriend who she very much loved and had dated for 4 1/2 years because he was a bit of a selfish jerk. She was always upset so i did little things to cheer her up like draw pictures for her and leave them in her box and joke around and such. Over time we became best friends and confided in each other in everything and once i got to know her I really fell for her, It was crazy because she was nothing of what i looked for in girls, she was beautiful and smart but generally not the type i usually chased she lived a more wild life than me as i had been raised in a religious home although I'm not overly religious myself. I was completely blindsided. We hung out and i always felt so comfortable around her there was never a need to impress or anything and it seemed like it was fate, ridiculous i know. I won't tickets to see her favorite band Incubus and i thought how could it get any better? I let my feelings be known to her and she says she is flattered but isn't ready for a relationship. I decided right then i liked her i wasn't going to give top i would fight for what i wanted she was worth it to me. so weeks go by and one night we all get drunk at a bar and she goes home with my best friend. the day before the incubus concert. They don't have sex but come pretty damn close. I was crushed but we talked things out and things go well. But she puts distance between us afraid she was leading me on. I continued to push and we hung out more and more then one day after classes we went to her house because she lived close to our university and we end up kissing and it is one of the best experiences of my life. We spend the next 3-4 weeks in a pseudo relationship because she was above me at work and we could get in trouble for dating. We sneak and make out in her car like some high school romance during parties with work friends and such. I take her one night and we go to an Art expose where she gets to meet brandon boyd the singer of incubus and she swears it is the greatest night of her life and she will never forget what i did for her. a few weeks later an old friend she used to have a crush on comes back and she ends up kissing him, out of guilt she tells me we can no longer be more than fire ds it was too much of a real relationship which she said she wasn't ready for. less than 3 days later she admits to me she has kissed this guy but then proceeds to tell me.. that she felt 100 times more feeling kissing me though and she was confused but we need to stay just friends. fast forward to the next day at new years eve where we end up pretending to be in a relationship because my best friend ( the one she hooked up with) was after a girl who used to have a crush on me so we pretend to be in a relationship to make me look unavailable. the next day my friend texts her telling her that we made  cute couple in which she responds " yes we do it felt right and i was very comfortable and happy with the idea" my friend tells me and I'm ecstatic. then maybe 3 days later she gets very distant, and apparently the Ex had come back and made a push to get back together. Her head gets extremely cluttered and ultimately tells him never again, while i had no idea what was going on and only knew she was being vague and distant with me. So we meet up 2 nights ago and talk things out she admits that the ex had come back but she wasn't getting with him and that she really was not ready for a relationship, that she feels this is the only time in her life she has to experience life and meet people and leave which she has a desire to do because she lives at home and her mother is an alcoholic,and recently she had been denied acceptance and the ability to even apply for the nursing program at our school. She says she had feelings but wasn't allowed to let them grow because she couldn't commit to a relationship with me if her ex was still in her heart. I understood and we spend the next 2 hrs cuddled up at the park chatting like old times and drinking some beers....and more cuddling. Then last night she sends me a text saying " I have a little date tonight, I hope you don't mind, but i really felt i should tell you" reading that hurt much more than i thought, i knew she wanted to experience other people as she had always gone from long relationship to lomng relationship and never really had dated. But i feel almost lied too, like if you aren't ready for a relationship why date? I have decided i am just going to let her know that she knows how i feel but I'm not playing games anymore we are either friends or lovers. No friendly cuddling or any of that. I can't really be too mad i feel because she has ALWAYS told me from the beginning and all along she was not looking for a relationship, but now it hurts to see her and i don't know how to handle it. Whew lengthy i know, but i needed to get that off my chest. thank you reddit

Summary:
so weeks go by and one night we all get drunk at a bar and she goes home with my best friend.
I let my feelings be known to her and she says she is flattered but isn't ready for a relationship.
We spend the next 3-4 weeks in a pseudo relationship because she was above me at work and we could get in trouble for dating.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.02
