Original Response:
We dated for almost two years and lived together for about the last 8 months. During that time we talked about a future together, and things we great. In the last two months of the relationship I felt her start to pull away. I could tell by the way she kissed me and just her behavior in general. We talked about what was wrong and she said repeatedly that she didn't know, but she felt like she might need to be single. I stayed at my parents house for a week to give her some time to think about things and when I came back she said she there were things that she needed to work on personally but that she wanted to stay together. She had noticed that she was nitpicking things about me, and that this was a pattern she had repeated in other relationships. She felt too dependent on me for her happiness, and didn't know how to be on her own or happy with herself.  After a week she broke down and said she still felt like she needed to be single. That she could see us together long term but needed to be single right now. So we broke up.

We kept talking for a few weeks, and she would text every day. And that was confusing and we agreed to not speak for awhile. A month and a half later we ran into eachother at a concert. We said hello, tried to be polite and said hi to mutual friends. We both ended up going for the exit at the same time and ended up hanging out all night. I put her in cab at the end of the night and she texted me when she got home that it was the most fun she's had in a long time. We texted the next few days and that weekend she invited me over to hang out with a mutual friend before they left for Hawaii. A trip that was originally planned for my birthday but I solf my ticket to our friend when things ended. 

The next morning I woke up to an email saying how much it felt like "our trip" and that she wished I was there. We talked friendly via text throughout the trip until the last day when she texted me that she was sorry for not being the girlfriend I deserved and not just being happy with how amazing I am. Not wanting to have a serious conversation via text we agreed to talk when she got back.

The day after she got back we ended up at BBQ with mutual friends. None of them knew we had been talking and honestly they were more awkward than we were. We talked, we laughed, but we kept it very friendly and nothing more. The next morning I asked her to coffee so we could talk. Then we went to the park, then we had mimosas at our favorite restaurant, and then to different park where we laid on blanket together.

While at the park we talked about how we each were enjoying time alone. I really enjoyed not feeling like I needed to make her happy, and spending time with my friends, and focusing more on my career. She is learning to be happy with herself, being alone, and working on "commitment issues". We talked about what made her so dependent on me and she said that we get along so well and no one makes her as happy and its so easy for her to not want to do anything else but spend time with me that she ignores other things she wants to do. That coupled with the fact that her best two friends had moved out of town and she didn't really have any friends to hang out with other than me and my friends. She realized how important it is for her to feel like she has a life outside of the relationship. 

While laying in the park she scooted closer and I put my arm around her. We laid in eachothers arms for an hour before kissing and making out for a more hours. We laughed, he hugged, we kissed for hours. 4 hours. It was honestly magical, it felt like it was out of a movie. 

Monday morning we met for coffee at before work. Tuesday we met after work and hooked up (kissing and touching, and she had her first orgasm from from just fingering ever). Thursday we met up for a few hours before I went out of town for an interview and she went down on me (something she has always said she wanted to do but rarely did because of a bad sexual experience as a teenager). Friday we met after work and took dinner to a local fishing spot where I taught her how to fly fish and watched the sun set over the river.

We went back to our old house (her roommate was out of town) and lit candles, threw all the blankets and pillows in the house on the floor, and had sex for the next 5 hours. I spent the night, kissed her goodbye in the morning, and she went to brunch with her father while I went to a meeting. 

That afternoon I missed a call from her (turned out to be pocket dial) and when I called back she asked to hang out and we went to the park again and walked along the river. As we walked and talked I could feel her putting up walls again. We talked about where we were going and what we wanted and we both said we were ready to jump back into a relationship but that we liked spending time together. But that it was hard because it feels so easy to end up back where we were, and that it was confusing and scary. 

I don't want to jump back into a relationship because I dont want it to go abck to what it was, I want her to be happier with herself and for us both to have lives outside of eachother. I also want to be with someone who actually wants to be with me and isnt scared of the thought. I'm also planning on moving an hour away to a bigger city (she plans on moving there at some point too, but for her own reasons). 

She still feels like she has a lot to figure out about herself. But that she still has feelings for me and feels like we are progressing towards being together again and that scares her. She says she is confused. We agreed to make an effort to continue doing our own things and working on ourselves while we think about what we want and where the other falls into that. 

TLDR: Great relationship ended because GF was too dependent on me for happiness after friends left town and was repeating old patterns, and admitting to commitment issues. We have since begun hanging out again but we both have doubts about us being ready.

I would appreciate any advice, thoughts, or comments. Has anyone gone through anything similar? How did it work out?

Does continuing to hang out while trying to work on ourselves sound like a good idea? a bad one? an impossible one?

How can you get back into a relationship and make sure you dont end up repeating behavior that led to the end of the old one?

Thanks for reading.

Summary:
The next morning I asked her to coffee so we could talk.
How did it work out?
The day after she got back we ended up at BBQ with mutual friends.
While at the park we talked about how we each were enjoying time alone.
We laughed, he hugged, we kissed for hours.
We kept talking for a few weeks, and she would text every day.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
