Original Response:
I cheated. No doubt about that.

I've been with [21F] about 3.5 years and she's not only the person I've been in love with since freshman year but also my best friend. At the start of the fall semester we will be moving in to a 2 bedroom apartment with a friend. It's a 12 month lease and neither of us could afford the place if we were not splitting the price.

Right now she's back in our hometown and has a job. I'm in our college town taking classes and also have a job. This means we can only see each other on Saturday and Sunday (its an hour drive) and I stay at her parents house with her when I visit. She straight up doesn't want  to drive down and visit me. This, in turn, means our sex life has diminished and she doesn't seem to care very much about that.

Meanwhile, I started talking to [20F], a friend I made earlier in the school year because she was in a relationship with my roommate and we also were both raised in the same religion and both left it. We always got along well but i hadn't really seen her for awhile because their breakup was less than clean.

Apparently she smoked together/hooked up with my roommate again just before he left for a summer internship, and it drove her emotions pretty high. She turned to me to talk to about it and we both expressed how lonely we were stuck in town without many friends. This led to us deciding to smoke together and hang out. (both smoking weed and me hanging out with other girls are something [21F] would vehemently disagree with, so I have kept it all secret)

[20F] came over and we watched some movies/shows together while I worked on some homework. We had pretty much agreed to just do our own thing, and really liked the idea of having someone else nearby while doing so. She didn't have a piece so we didn't smoke, but when it got late she decided to stay the night. Both of us longed for some physical contact and neither of us meant for cuddling to turn into sex, but it did.

Cut to the morning and we parted ways. I was actually headed off for a trip with [21F] and her parents for memorial weekend. We continued to text (in secret via google voice) and both agreed that it was a one-time mistake and that we would work to not let it happen again. She still had feelings for my roommate and felt bad both because of that and because I had a SO. I really didn't feel as bad as I should have. I didn't so much see that as cheating and saying it was a one-time mistake made it easier to write it off.

The trip was great and there was no weirdness between me and [21F]. We even got a rare chance to fool around alone in the hotel room. I don't feel any less in love with her.

Cut to Monday. I got back home to college town and [20F] came over again. This time she had a piece but didnt feel like smoking, so it was more of watching netflix and doing homework. This time we went to sleep with me on the futon and her on the bed. 

Here's where I become a horrible person. I knew she was laying there in only underwear and a tshirt, and I made a conscious choice to switch to the bed. The futon was very uncomfortable and I used that as an excuse, but I probably could have toughed it out. She immediately expressed an desire to have sex and I went right along with it. The sex we had was phenomenal. I'm much less experienced than she is, but we both felt very satisfied with it. 

After we were done, she told me she loves cuddling but that would feel too wrong when I have a gf. I was disappointed but knew she was right, and we fell asleep. The next morning I again left for school but this time I had to give her my key as I wouldn't be back until late in the evening and she did not have to work that day. She did some errands and then came back to my place before i got home and just chilled there.

Have I mentioned how much I trust [20F]? I've told her almost everything about my life and she's confided similarly in me, more than she ever has in someone. I don't think I would want to be in a real relationship with her but I adore her as a person. She likewise does not have romantic attachment to me, and would absolutely not tell anyone about what we did or try to use it against me. She is leaving for a different college at the end of the summer, so this is quite literally something that will not be found out by anyone unless I directly tell them. 

Anyways, during our texting after the second time we had sex, we both agreed that doing it twice was much worse morally. Again we resolved to either sleep separately or with clothes on and without touching. Last night we finally smoked together and I fell asleep earlier than usual on the bed. I thought she was going to join me later but when I awoke this morning I found that she had slept on the futon. Though I felt bad that she had slept there without a very good blanket, I'm glad that we did not fuck again.

And then I wrote this. Part of me just wanted to get this all out there somewhere. I know what I did was wrong, but I think it would be too harmful to my life to tell [21F] about it. It would probably end or ruin our relationship, and in the process it would mangle our housing plans and lose me my best friend. [20F] is leaving at the end of the summer and that will be the end of any infidelity on my part. 

Has anyone been in a similar situation? Cheated in such a way that there's no risk of someone finding out? How do you feel about it and how did it all turn out for you?

**tldr: I cheated with a friend and won't get caught. I'm still hanging out with said friend. I don't want to tell my SO about it and almost definitely will not. I am without doubt a bad person for all of this, but feel free to reassure me of that.**

http://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/1f9whn/20m_wondering_if_others_have_been_in_this_very/ca8bo0b

Summary:
I don't feel any less in love with her.
She still had feelings for my roommate and felt bad both because of that and because I had a SO.
I got back home to college town and [20F] came over again.
I really didn't feel as bad as I should have.
I am without doubt a bad person for all of this, but feel free to reassure me of that.
I don't want to tell my SO about it and almost definitely will not.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
