Original Response:
This is a tough one to write about as I'm still trying to sort through everything, so apologies if things appear to be fragmented.  

A little background: Met my girlfriend almost a year ago while taking a graduate class at our business campus (we both work for the same employer, but in different divisions), and hit it off.  At the time, I was 4 months out of a previous relationship, and was a bit wary of starting to date again.  So, I figured I would take it day by day and see how things go.  However, two nagging thoughts began to emerge: I don't think I'm ready for a relationship &amp; these things always fall apart, so why bother.  Most times, I just rationalize those problems away, and enjoyed myself. 

Honestly, I thought she could be the one (she was an engineer like me, very mature, very thoughtful, and very caring), but I also felt like I was rushing into things.  I pushed on, hoping these feelings would subside with time.

As we moved on, we grew very close.  We talked often, hung out often, met each others' families.  We shared a lot of interests.  We eventually began to fall in love with each other, but still the thoughts of breaking things off remained.

We were very supportive of one another through our respective tough periods, whether it was work-related, or even quitting smoking (she was the one who quit, I was just there for her while she did it).

Then, after Christmas, I began feeling a great deal of anxiety and annoyance at certain aspects of the relationship, and how I was dealing with it.  Often enough, I would be more worried about things I did and how they affected her emotions.  I also worried about those lingering thoughts of breaking up the relationship, but was too afraid to even broach the topic re: those feelings to her because I was afraid it would hurt her.

Eventually, I was in a full on panic... how can I love someone if I have considered breaking up the relationship with them time and time again?  Even if there were no legitimate reasons to do so?  A large part of it was simply "you're young, it's gonna happen anyway, so just do it".

I felt like a cheater and a liar, telling someone I love them, even though I had those feelings.  It all began feeling so wrong.

Last week, my girlfriend fell ill from a cold.  I had some time to myself to think, but also wanted to be supportive and helpful for her.  I eventually went over her place to bring her warm soup and bread and to spend time with here.  All the while dealing with this panic.  Eventually, talks came up about vacationing a few months down the road, and I immediately withdrew from considering it, making up excuses about "not being sure what I'll be doing then"... when deep down, I was unsure if the relationship would even last that long.  I kinda lied again and spent some more time with her. 

Note: during this time, we were communicating, and she was aware of my general anxiety and some reasons why this was bothering me.  But, I was afraid to discuss my thoughts of ending the relationship, and kept withholding them.

Anyways, as we are hanging out, I suffered what is pretty much an emotional breakdown.  I realized that my anxiety was causing her to be nervous, and even suspicious about why I was being withdrawn and unwilling to discuss my main issue.  I snapped, I told her I wanted to break up and that I should go.  She denied me and told me I wasn't being myself, but that she would acquiesce to giving me all the time and space that I needed to sort this stuff out.  She was very angry with me given the fact I wanted to end things, with no real discernible reasons.  For me, it was more of: "I'm too confused to do this relationship right, so instead of dragging things out and hurting you over time, I'll just appease my thoughts and end it right here!"  

I waited a few days and spoke with her with a calmer head and a clearer mind.  I began to explain some of my difficulties and the thoughts of ending the relationship and how they persisted and she was a good listener.  I really do care about her, and love her, but I'm not sure if I can go on.  She said the door to communicate is always open, and that if I ultimately decide to end things for good, then she would understand.

So here I am, I've got time and space to think.  To talk with family and close friends, and to work things out.  She is an amazing person to me, and an inspiration for a lot of good.  She is very compassionate, beautiful, and intelligent.  Yet I wanted to throw it all away... and for what?  I don't even know.  

I'm making inroads to seek some professional counseling as well (I figured that might be for the best), and am trying to move past these feelings.  I'm unsure of whether to try to salvage things, or to just break things off and work on myself for awhile to get my head straight.

I am also opposed to 'taking a break' because I feel that confers a false sense of hope and will only hurt more if things don't go towards what we expected.

I'm hurt and confused now that things ended up this way.  I also feel a bit angry at myself for never addressing these things earlier.  

What do you guys think?

tl;dr: dating a gf for 11 months, things were going well, but I had thoughts of breaking up for no legitimate reason.  Those thoughts persisted and culminated in an emotional outburst to end the relationship.  Right now, I'm cooling my heels to try and figure out if that was the right thing to do and stay broken up.  Or to try to salvage things.  GF is being incredibly supportive though.  Help!

Summary:
I had some time to myself to think, but also wanted to be supportive and helpful for her.
I'm hurt and confused now that things ended up this way.
I pushed on, hoping these feelings would subside with time.
We eventually began to fall in love with each other, but still the thoughts of breaking things off remained.
Even if there were no legitimate reasons to do so?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
