Original Response:
Late last year, a childhood friend of mine (whom I don't often speak to, but definitely see time to time) started to date this girl who I somewhat knew of, but did not actually know her. We will call them Ron and Grace. On a random night,  I got invited to a party that was going on at Grace's house. This was the first time meeting. 

Because of mutual friends, we continued to see each other, and even traveled with some friends and Ron and Grace. At the time I still did not know Grace too well, but overall she seemed like a good person. During our travel, we went out to a bar, which, after a few drinks Ron was doing his own thing elsewhere and she kissed me a few times on the cheek, not a huge deal, drunk/happy kisses. 

Another friend of mine, Tom, is also a good friend of Grace's. While speaking to him one day, he laughed and brought up that Grace was really warming up to me, and even told him that she had a huge crush on me and was debating whether she should let her boyfriend (Ron) know that she had a crush on me. (She has a very quirky and funloving personality, so don't think of this as a big contemplation, the tone of it seemed it was all in fun). 

Fast forward a couple months. Ron leaves on a out of the country trip, and long-story-short, he comes back and breaks it off with Grace. Of course with anyone going through a breakup, she has a rough time, but given her extremely optimistic personality, she seems perfectly fine. Our mutual friend Tom decides we should help take her mind off things and console her, so we all meet at her place, along with a few more friends for a small gathering. 

Just a small foreword about me, I've never been in a relationship. I've had one girlfriend whom I realized I did not like, so I ended it within a week. I've only seriously liked (loved) one girl who happened to my best friend, we'll call her Tyra, but she later went on to date a jerk, and I was much too much of a pussy to do anything. Funny story; I once went to watch a movie with her and her boyfriend (Yes I third-wheeled, because we were trying to kill time before her birthday), and the movie we watched was "Just Friends". Fuck. Anyway. After that, I've had girls I had small crushes on, but no one that stirred up the same emotions as Tyra. I am also a virgin. I'm not religious, but I do hold sex as something important. Maybe it would be different if I had sexy girls throwing themselves at me, but I've never experienced that, and especially this far in my life, I'd like to lose it to someone really special.

But I digress.


A couple wine bottles later, we began to talk about relationships, and how Grace really wanted to hook me up with one of the girls there, who then asked me about why I didn't have a girlfriend and how I'd make a great boyfriend. I must have seemed like I had low self esteem because the girls kept making remarks like this, seemingly an attempt to make me more confident or something. Then that girl tells me that Grace told her that she would marry me. In sort of an embarassed/laughing manner, Grace looks at me and says "heh, yeah I did say that." A few more bottles later, Tom is gone hooking up with girl who spent the night complimenting me, and I am left with a crying Grace and two other friends who are consoling her. 

I like Ron. But we also had somewhat of a history, and he was just one of those friends that you always needed to keep an eye on. After getting to know Grace better, I just knew she was way too good for him. I let her know this.

The following week I spent everyday with Grace. I thought to myself that this girl is an awesome person to be with. She's sort of a guy's girl, and a lot of guys hang out with her, but not many pursue a relationship with her, she's more of a friend-type. I spoke to Tom and I said something a long the lines of, "I don't ever believe girls and guys could be best friends, but with her I feel like I could, and we wouldn't have to worry about anyone falling for anyone." This is how I felt at the time.

At a friend's bday party, Grace tells me how her and her friend decided that they were going to quit their jobs and move to another country for a year. Being the free spirit she is, she already had her ticket. Later at the party we're all drunk and again she hugs me and kisses me on the cheek. I'm left wondering if that means anything.

The next couple weeks, we see each other almost everyday, but within a small group of friends. Sometimes alone, but never in a romantic setting. She asked me to be her "bff". I don't believe in a friendzone, but even if I did, it wasn't an indication of being friendzoned. Maybe it was, I don't know.

I can't recall exactly when, but at sometime during those weeks, I started to like her. Seeing her made me happy, and not seeing her for too long made me miss her so much. When she smiles, I melt, and even after she has just woken up, she looks so sexy. 

I have not expressed any interest whatsoever. And Im questioning whether I should or should not. I'm starting to feel like I can't live without her, let alone go a year without seeing her. But If I pursue her and start a relationship, what then? A long distance would not work, and it would be hard on her also. 

She leaves in a few months. Do I stop seeing her to make these feelings go away? Do I just suck it up and be a good friend?

A lot of our friends joke sometimes and say we should date, especially because she said she'd like to marry me, and I always look for some kind of sign in her reaction.

I haven't felt this way since Tyra, and that was almost 3 years ago. I haven't told anyone yet, I'm holding onto this myself until I can figure out what to do..


TL;DR: Pretty much seems like a romcom. Im falling for a friend's ex-gf, I've never had a gf, and she's moving far far away.

Summary:
I let her know this.
Maybe it was, I don't know.
This is how I felt at the time.
Do I just suck it up and be a good friend?
I am also a virgin.
At the time I still did not know Grace too well, but overall she seemed like a good person.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
