Original Response:
Five months ago, I moved from Upstate New York to Central Coast California, about 3 hours north-west of LA. I needed a place to go for a while to get out of my hometown and try and find myself.  I played World of Warcraft for 4.5 years and I had gained a group of good friends in the city to where I moved.  I hadn't had a girlfriend in three years, and wasn't even bothering to look for one because I wanted to find myself before I found anyone else.

  Two days after arriving in California, I was hanging out with a group of my friends at the local In-N-Out and was completely care free, for the first time in years I wasn't depressed and was just having a good time being around people who I had never hung out with in person before.  That's when she came into my life.  5' 9", Brown hair, Blue eyes, legs for miles, one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen in my life.  That night I thought nothing of it, I wasn't looking for love, but perhaps we could become friends as we had the same group of friends.  A week goes by, my friend (We will call him Stan) Stan wants to know if I want to hang out for the day and drive to a college town about half-an-hour away to the north.  I accept the invitation thinking it would just be him and I, and I would go see this town for myself, a little adventure before I looked for a job.  Turns out I was only invited because that beautiful blue eyed girl had told him to invite me, and she had wanted to get to know me.  They show up in front of my house and I have no idea that she is with him.  We become fast friends that day, and we begin talking.  A week later we are dating.

  My life had become completely surreal, I was living across the country (I had never lived more than 3 miles from my parents before), I was in a relationship, my life had become full of new and exciting things, for the first time in almost 3 years I was truly happy.  Our relationship took quickly, and within a week she was living with me.  I never expected for any of this to happen.  After about 3.5 weeks together we were in love.  But we started to fight.  I was inexperienced in relationships (I had never had one that lasted longer than a few months) and she expected more of me than I was able to give maturity wise.  The fighting continued day after day.  We would fight at least 3 times a week, sometimes up to 9-10 times a week, about stupid and serious things.  On our two month anniversary we had our first big fight,  she broke up with me for about an hour… this would start a pattern in our relationship.

  I wasn't able to find a job in the area and was running out of money, I had to borrow more money from my parents and my job search didn't look promising.  One week after we broke up for an hour, we decided to move back to Upstate New York where my family lived.  We spent the next 5 days traveling across the country,  I was the only one with my license, so I did all of the driving.   We stayed in Salt Lake City where her father's side of the family lived for one night.  Then traveled through the great plains to Lincoln, Nebraska.  Then to the Windy City (Chicago, IL) and then finally back to my hometown.  We moved because the town in California had little opportunity for either of us, we had a better chance in my hometown.  Unfortunately we left before she completed her high school degree, and we were very misinformed about transfer policies.  

  We continued to fight, living in my father's finished attic, I got my old job back.  But other than me, she was alone.  She wasn't handling being away from her mother and best friend as well as I did.  I was taught to be a loner and not to rely on others for support, she was never graced with that ability.  She became depressed, her job search here didn't go well, she couldn't get into any of the local schools, and she let the distance between her and her family get to her.  I wasn't able to fill the voids in her heart.  My depression resurfaced and I tried my best to work on my faults so that we would stop fighting and I could be enough for her.  After just over 4 months of being together, she had broken up with me numerous times, and I won her heart back.  She had become my very best friend and nobody knew me better, nor did anyone know her better than me.  She is my first true love and I have every intention of marrying her and spending the rest of my life with her.  Last night she decided to move back to California, because she couldn't handle it anymore.  My heart broke.

  She became confused, not knowing what she wanted.  She didn't want to break up for good, though she thought it would be easier on both of us.  She wanted to move back to California, but also wanted to move to Salt Lake, with her father.  I unfortunately told her that I couldn't move to California again, there is nothing there for me except for her.  I believed that moving back there would be a huge mistake and would lead me down the wrong road in life.   Though I am more than willing to move to Salt Lake with her.  Through many tears I told her that letting her move back to California would be the best idea, it would be easiest for her there.  I told her that no matter what I loved her and that she was my first true love.  I meant every word.

  So I ask you tonight, Reddit.  What should I do?  She won't be moving for at least another month, and I believe that she can still have a good life with me here.  She could get a job, we could move into our own place, get a dog, go to college.  But on the other hand, everything here would be a challenge, and a struggle.  I love her more than anything on the planet.  I even put her before myself.  She is a wonderful person and our personalities and desires match well for a good relationship, I just need to grow up a bit more, and she needs to come a bit more down to earth.  So what should I do?  Should I convince her to move to Salt Lake with me?  Tell her to move to California, break up, or maybe stay together long distance.  Should I move to California when I have the chance?  Should I convince her to stay with me here and promise her that things will get better, not knowing how soon then will get better.  I need advice, now more than ever.  I love her will all of my heart, and I'm coming to tears just writing this as she sleeps next to me soundly and peacefully.   Please help.

Summary:
So what should I do?
Should I convince her to move to Salt Lake with me?
Should I move to California when I have the chance?
Though I am more than willing to move to Salt Lake with her.
She wasn't handling being away from her mother and best friend as well as I did.
She wanted to move back to California, but also wanted to move to Salt Lake, with her father.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
