Original Response:
I've been in a relationship for 14 years with my wife. We moved in together 6 years ago, and last year I gave her a ring. We bought an apartment together after that and we were going to finally have our own home. 
My wife is  4 years older than me, and I'm 33 right now. She was my first girlfriend and I had never been with anyone else before her.
  
Even though I've been with her for so long, I feel that I've been acting like a teenager with her since we first met. At first I didn't want to date her. Then we just saw each other here and there, and then we started dating, but I was always reluctant to really "fall in love" with her. Looking back, it seems that she loved me much more that I loved her. I always felt that even though I wasn't super in love with her, we would be fine, after all, there's nothing wrong with her: she's pretty, independent, super intelligent, etc. I felt comfortable. I thought that her love and the affection I felt towards her would be sufficient.


Last march, the very first girl I fell in love as a teenager contacted me on facebook. I told her that I was in a relationship and she told me that she has a 13 y.o. son, and we just started exchanging emails. I found myself wanting to be with her. 
Apparently I'm a very flawed human being, and I gave in to the temptation and we started an affair.
We kept the affair for 3 months, then I tried to stop seeing my lover. We just exchanged some text messages. I felt lost, and I started seeing her again. We stopped with the affair, but I longed for the connection I had with her. I just liked to spend time with my lover. I admit that I also enjoyed the "thrill" of doing something "forbidden". I just feel stupid now.


Last november my lover stopped seeing me. She told me that she want to find someone real to have a real relationship. I understand, and I tried to keep myself away from her. I told her that I was thinking about leaving my wife for her, and she told me that she did not want that. She wants to move on and told me to try and love my wife again.


I tried to stop thinking about her. I got some vacation, and I traveled with my wife. I had fun with my wife, but I feel that I see her as a friend. I don't feel any passion towards her. After the trip I finally told my wife that I had feelings for another woman. I didn't had the courage to tell about the affair though. I feel like crap and like a monster. I always provided for her, and I feel that I failed her. She told me that I destroyed everything we had together. I just agreed. Yesterday we had a long talk and my wife told me today that she's moving out of the house to the new apartment we were going to live together.

I don't really know what to do. I feel that I'm leaving the love of my life go away and also feel that I'm giving up on the life that I had planned with my wife... 
I started doing therapy before christmas, but I think I waited too long for that. I will continue doing it, hopefully it will help me through this.


I think about my lover all the time. I also want to feel love for my wife and forget everything else so I can be happy with her. I just don't know what to do.
I guess they are better off without me, specially my wife, who never asked for any of this drama that I brought to her life.

tl;dr screwed up my relationship of 14 years to have an affair with first love. Feeling ashamed, lost and sad. what to do?


update: thank you for all the feedback. 

My lover really left me for good. she stopped communicating with me.


My wife, on the other hand, has been very supportive. She can see that I'm really depressed, and has been working with my issues. I still can't get my lover out of my head. Today I passed by her place and saw her going to work. It pains me that I can't no longer even talk to her, but I hope I can someday let go of this feeling that is eating me alive.


as for me and my wife, I hope I can learn to love her. I'm gonna try, but I'll be honest for a change. I have no real close friends that I share my stuff (my lover was the one), so I also started therapy. It felt good to be able to finally vent about my feelings (other than reddit).


update2:
a few therapy sessions so far has already helped me understand about why I had the affair. I realize now that I never let my wife "in" on my feelings even after all these years. I have always been very closed. I didn't share my feelings with my wife. When she asked me if something was wrong, I would just say -nah, everything's fine. 
She is the one that approached and kissed me, then kept asking me out until we started "dating" officially. I feel that I just felt comfortable around her and ended up seeing her as a spare tire, keeping her close until "something better" came up. Yes, I learned that I'm borderline sociopath.


One thing that came up during one session was that, by letting my lover walk away, I ended up choosing my wife over her. All passion aside, I know I get along with my wife better than with my lover. My therapist said that passion fades. What I have with my wife was, in the end, more valuable to me, even if unconsciously.
My wife and I have more in common, we share more values (except the whole betrayal part).

After this session, I gave a lot of thought about it. Right now, this feels like the only chance I have to finally embrace my life with my wife and learn to love her. Rationally, this makes sense. But I still don't feel it. I'm still dealing with the mourning of my relationship with my lover.


I genuinely want to change.

Summary:
I didn't share my feelings with my wife.
I tried to stop thinking about her.
She wants to move on and told me to try and love my wife again.
I just feel stupid now.
I just don't know what to do.
I have always been very closed.
I told her that I was thinking about leaving my wife for her, and she told me that she did not want that.
I think about my lover all the time.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
