Original Response:
Hey guys, I've gotten pretty addicted to reddit since I met my boyfriend. I've never posted a serious thread so I'm just apologizing in advance if this is a bit sloppy. I wasn't going to post, but after reading everyone's comments about how awful I am I absolutely had to.

This is the link I'm responding to http://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/1f9mwp/a_perfect_date_ended_up_with_me_23m_getting_into/

I'd say my boyfriend did a pretty good job explaining the day. It was perfect. Totally my kind of date. I met him downtown, and we walked through Boston to this area that had a nice view of the city. He bought me my favorite wine and even got these plastic wine glasses we could drink out of. Not gonna lie, I even got a little teary-eyed and because everything was so cutesy. Yes, cutesy. Towards the end of the bottle of wine we started talking about my exes. He tends to bring this up a lot. 

A quick background: one ex ...let's call him Tom, he continues to bring up. At the beginning of last month Tom got in touch with me via text and we'll chat every now and then, usually for 10 minutes about our day. Sometimes we talk on Facebook, but most of the conversations consist of me talking about how happy I am in my relationship. The reason Tom was trying to talking to me was because he's across the country for the military and is going through a divorce. If he ever says anything out of line or references our relationship I correct him, and tell him he's inappropriate. Lately we have hardly talked because I know it bothers my current boyfriend. I think the last time I spoke to Tom was in the beginning of May? I've started to just ignore his texts, and I'm never on Facebook chat. He still likes all of my photos and status updates...which is frustrating my boyfriend.

Anyways, back to the date. We had been kissing and cuddling the WHOLE day because we were both wicked happy. We finally get back to his place and while we're in the car he mentions that I've "had more pipes laid in me than a town water system." We go upstairs, and it's obvious I don't want to go to sleep, especially after the day had been so amazing. I've also always been pretty nocturnal. Even when I'd have to be awake at 6am. 

At this point I didn't want to have sex for a couple of reasons. The "more pipes laid in me than a town water system" comment was still in my head, and the fact that I don't like having sex and having my partner just pass out right after. Call me crazy, but it's just a comfort thing. I like being cuddled or talked to for a little. Sorry.

Now, ALL I was doing, was looking on the computer at music to download. No music was playing, and the only light in the boyfriends room is a small desk lamp next to the computer, that he could have easily shut off. I didn't think he cared if it was on because he turban wraps his head in a blanket before he goes to sleep. 

He got frustrated and said I'm just going to go sleep in my sister's room. I told him I'd shut off the light and I didn't think it was bothering him, he tells me its no big deal, whatever, and that hes just going to sleep in his sister's room (she moved out last year.) I still didn't think this was a huge deal because I've slept in there before (his twin bed is kind of small for the both of us.)

After a few minutes, he comes back in and tells me that I can go sleep in there. He knows that I'm nocturnal, and that I'd just be in there twiddling my thumbs because there's no computer or tv in there. The whole situation stemmed from his frustration at us not having sex. I get it, the day was amazing and we had both been equally cuddling /kissing/fondling each other. He wanted to have sex and that's great, but I didn't. Not as a manipulative tool to get him to stay awake, but because I don't like having sex and having the partner just pass out right after. It makes me feel....just not good. I told him that.

I felt so uncomfortable by the whole event that I honestly just wanted to go home. I don't have a car, and he lives with his parents. I called my mom to see if she'd be able to come get me at 12 30am and she asked me why I'd want to come home. She's my mother, and she just knows when I'm upset. I tried telling her it's not a big deal, but she wouldn't come and get me. I told her I just felt pressured to have sex with the boyfriend and I wanted to go home. 

My boyfriends mother sleeps in the living room. She overheard, and also was badgering me why I'd ever want to go home so late.

I apologized to my boyfriend for the situation escalating and blowing up. I should have just said fuck it and slept on the couch. 

TL;DR I felt uncomfortable, wanted to go home. I don't like having sex and having SO pass out after because then I'm left there feeling unsatisfied, especially since I don't orgasm.

EDIT: Got so caught up in writing I forgot that I'm supposed to ask a question. This situation I wrote about is just one example of how a small disagreement gets blown way out of proportion. There's a lot of other scenarios where our conflicts just explode. I think a lot of this has to do with both of us trying to be the dominant partner in the relationship. This guy really pisses me the fuck off, but if he asked me to I'd marry him tomorrow. I guess my question is how do we agree to disagree? Or how can we communicate more effectively?

He can be the biggest fucking asshole, but he's my big fucking asshole and I love him.

Summary:
I like being cuddled or talked to for a little.
He wanted to have sex and that's great, but I didn't.
TL;DR I felt uncomfortable, wanted to go home.
After a few minutes, he comes back in and tells me that I can go sleep in there.
I tried telling her it's not a big deal, but she wouldn't come and get me.
He can be the biggest fucking asshole, but he's my big fucking asshole and I love him.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
