Original Response:
Dear r/relationships, I could really use your help on this one. I'm 26, my boyfriend is 24 and we've been together a little over 2 years. We've lived together for about a year. He graduated from college in May 2011 and is still unemployed. I have been working full-time since I graduated five years ago and make a pretty good salary. 

When my bf first graduated from college, he said that he wanted to "take the summer off" because he was burnt out from school and wanted time to figure out some relationship things with his parents (he has had some difficult relationships with them). I said, OK, that makes total sense. By the time I graduated I was totally burnt out too. He told me that would be kind of a "3-month" thing and he wanted to look for jobs in the fall. 

(Now, for those of you who might say, why would you even let him do this in the first place....I guess I don't have a good answer. I empathized with him feeling burnt out after graduation, and I'm making enough money to be the one who pays for dinner or the movies or things like that. It didn't really used to bother me because I knew that we were in completely different places, financially---I had been in the work world for several years, whereas he was a college student/recent graduate. I really did think that he would want to just have a few months to veg out and then I truly believed he would get down to business in the fall and have a job by, say, October!)

Anyways, it's now eight months after graduation, and five months after "the fall" and he is still unemployed. This would not bother me as much if he really seemed to be putting his all into looking for a job, but I don't think he is. I asked him to tell me what percentage of effort he's putting forth to look for a job, where 100% effort is getting up every day and spending the equivalent of a full days' work (8 hours) looking for jobs, polishing up your resume, networking, looking into internships, volunteering, etc, and 0% is literally doing nothing. He was honest with me and told me that it's pretty much around 10%. He knows he is not looking as hard as he could be and acknowledges to me that he needs to put more work into it, but he doesn't actually do anything about it.

At one point he was close to having a job interview at a retail store that he was just dreading working at and he cried about it so much that finally, I said he really shouldn't work there if it would make him feel truly miserable, but that he had to step up his efforts and he promised he would. I don't believe that he has.

I know that every day I am contributing to this problem because I am still paying for everything. He literally has no money and so he is completely financially dependent on me. He's said that I should tell him if it ever starts to really bother me that I'm paying for everything, and he'll get a job, and I have told him that as long as he's truly putting forth his best efforts into getting a job, it doesn't bother me. Again, if he were truly putting a lot of effort into finding a job, or if he were a full-time student, or something, I don't think I would have a big problem with this. But right now I feel like he's my child or something---I am just financing his ability to play video/computer games all day and then go out and do fun stuff with me/friends at night and on the weekends. I know that I am enabling him and I feel badly about that, but I don't know what to say or how to get him to get off his butt and truly look for a job. I know that maybe what he needs to hear is some sort of ultimatum, but please keep in mind that I do truly love this person. He is a wonderful guy in so many ways and I don't want to just yell at him and say that he's worthless and needs to get off his ass and get a job or I'll kick him out. How can I tell him that he needs to get a job in a caring, respectful way? His lack of motivation frustrates me on a daily basis and it is taking a toll on my feelings for him because I only see him as lazy and mooching off of my good intentions. I also get mad at myself for being so soft. It seems like every time I talk to him about looking for a job he has one excuse or another---he was really sick that day, or he did look but there was nothing good, etc, etc. In five months he has had one job interview and it was for a job that I FOUND for him. I routinely send him job postings that I find and even part-time kinds of things on Craigslist. We went out a couple weeks ago and he said, "I realized I was completely ignoring looking for part-time jobs, I think that could be a viable option for me" and I got really frustrated at him because I was so angry that he HADN'T been looking for part-time jobs in the first place! I would be thrilled if he had a part time job! He asked me how I felt about that and I tried to be calm and said "I would be ecstatic if you had a part time job," but inside it just made me even more furious.

Every day I am resisting the urge to just blow up at him and tell him that I am sick of his bullshit and him taking advantage of me. Overall, it makes it hard for me to respect him as a responsible adult because he shows no drive and motivation to be able to take care of himself. Maybe that would be good, to just "get it out of my system" because I am so tired of being patient. It has gotten to the point now where I am sacrificing things for myself, financially, that I would like to have, because of things that I have paid for for him.

His student loans come due in March and I have made it really clear to him that I draw the line at helping him pay for his student loans. Because it is only a $40/month payment and that is something that anyone working even a minimum wage ($7.25/hour in my state) job could afford.

Reddit, this is getting to the point where it is affecting every detail of our relationship. I feel like he should be more grateful to me for the fact that I pay for EVERYTHING and he feels like I treat him like a second-class citizen sometimes. I'm worried that my resentment toward him not looking for a job is subconsciously affecting the way that I treat him. How do I tell him that I'm really upset with this situation without hurting his feelings?

P.S. Sorry for the rant-like post, I just don't know how to resolve this situation!!!

TL;DR: BF is unemployed and barely looking for a job; I am losing respect for him and sick of being financially responsible, but don't know how to get him to change.

Summary:
I don't believe that he has.
This would not bother me as much if he really seemed to be putting his all into looking for a job, but I don't think he is.
I would be thrilled if he had a part time job!
How can I tell him that he needs to get a job in a caring, respectful way?
He told me that would be kind of a "3-month" thing and he wanted to look for jobs in the fall.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
