Original Response:
My[30F] mother [50F] and I have always had a decent relationship my entire life.  I was never the rebellious type, received good grades in school, never smoke, drank or did anything else (I really didn't even start socially drinking until I was 24ish).  I've always been a quiet person and have lived on my own since I was 22.  Previous to that I lived at home while working two jobs and going to school (and paying my mother and stepfather rent in the process) but like others I did get some CC debt that hurt my credit.  My mother is an odd one to describe personality wise, but I had always thought she's just getting older and getting odder as well.

There are several incidents in the past where I fold and continue to help her out but she does things for me as well (as what I thought a family does).  For reference she has some medical problems where at times she will need to go to the ER or hospital right away.  She doesn't call my stepfather [48M] or my younger brother [25M] but always calls me.  Because of this I have to use personal time (aka vacation) to do this, as a result I haven't ever taken a vacation at my current job and I've been here for 6 years.

This is the latest episode and I'm sick of being walked over and have actually put my foot down, however now comes the threats.

Two weeks ago my car had to go into the shop - fuel pump died and I needed a ride for 3 days.  My parents and I live in the same small town, my closest friend lives about 45 minutes away and they work the same shift as I do 8-9 where as my mother works from home.  I continue to live in this small town because it's 10 minutes from work and I like to come out and take my dogs out for a walk for lunch, my parents live out here because they bought a house out here years ago and are now stuck in it as they owe more then what it's worth.  For reference it's about a 2-3 minute drive from my parent's house to mine and 10 minutes from my house to work.  This small town is out in the sticks, there is no public transit and I would have been spending a lot of money on a taxi (just for the mere fact the taxi would have to drive out here).

Getting a ride home wasn't an issue because my stepdad is home from work around 3pm so picking me up at 5pm wasn't a big deal.  However getting a ride into work in the morning from my mother she has made out to be the greatest and biggest deal that has ever taken place ever.  So I finally get my car back (who knew a fuel pump is so freakin expensive?!?) and I think all is right with the world - how quickly that turned out to be wrong.

My mother started a new job (she was unemployed for all of 5 hours), still working from home.  Her new company sent her a VOIP phone and she wanted her headset to be connected to this phone.  She wanted me to come over right away to connect it but I couldn't as I had plans already the next two evening, I made a compromise and said I would come over Wednesday morning before work (keep in mind she is reminding me for these three days how much she did for me by taking me to work in the morning while I had no car.  Also that this is for her job which is important to her - key note, she could work just fine without the headset).  So it's Wednesday morning and I come over (she's not there) and see that she made an attempt to hook it up, left me a sticky note saying that she couldn't get a dial tone.  So I go online and look at the install directions before doing anything, see that she actually did hook it up correctly (and am rather impressed at this) and notice that it has a tip - if there isn't a dial tone then move the dial on the headset base starting at 1, keep moving it (goes up to 4) until you hear a dial tone.  It was at 3, I move it to 1 and hear a dial tone - sweet, I pet their pug and head on to work a bit early.

I get a call at work around 9:30am from my mother screaming...yes screaming at me that I broke her phone, that she can't work that she called her new boss and her boss is pissed off at me for breaking her phone.  I in a calm voice (because I'm at work) tell her that I never touched her phone and just adjusted the base of the headset and that's it.  She keeps on screaming for several minutes and then just hangs up.  I have no intention of calling her back and she doesn't get a hold of me until the next day through email where she says that it turns out that the headset isn't compatible with the phone to begin with and had to buy a new headset and it works straight out of the box.  She also informs me that she had to buy a new router and wants me to come over and hook up her wireless printer and that I owe her for her taking me to work for three days.  

(quick side note - this isn't the only time she has called me up at work screaming.  One morning she was out riding her bike and fell and had called me all morning, I don't answer my phone in the morning because I'm getting my dogs out for a walk and then getting ready for work and I don't use my phone in the car so the first chance I have to look at my phone is when I get into the office.  Well I called her back, missed her and she called me back screaming about how she fell and I should have answered and she had to walk back to the house.)

As polite as I can be I tell her that our definition of family must be very different as I would never think about keeping score when it came to family but apparently when it comes to her I should be.  I also tell her how I didn't appreciate being yelled at and that any type of electronics of computer type things I won't be setting up for her anymore.  So of course her reaction is how much she does for me and how I am ungrateful and how I owe her.  I don't answer her calls or emails because honestly, this is the first time I have put my foot down when it has come to her.  Usually I would cave in a day or so and go help her with whatever she needed.

Well now she is threatening to take my car away.  The car is in her name, two years ago when I was going to get a new (well used) car she offered to have it put in her name as I was still working on my credit and the interest rate was a ton better.  Keep in mind she hasn't spent a penny on this car, payments automatically come out of my account and the down payment again came out of my account.  All maintenance (and I just paid for a fuel pump!) has all been done by me.

Do I cave or should I call her bluff and tell her I'll stop the automatic payments coming from my account and drop the car off at her house over the weekend? 

TLDR: Mother [50F] has always quilted me [30F] into doing things for her in the past and I have always done them because we're family and I view family helps family.  Latest incident was me helping her and she called me up at work screaming (boss could hear it from his office).  I then stop communication with her and she is now threatening to take my car - car is in her name yet she hasn't spent a single cent on it.

Summary:
Well now she is threatening to take my car away.
Latest incident was me helping her and she called me up at work screaming (boss could hear it from his office).
(quick side note - this isn't the only time she has called me up at work screaming.
Usually I would cave in a day or so and go help her with whatever she needed.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
