Original Response:
well all that is true. i did all those things. i cheated. i asked for proof. ended up harassing her at times. its sad and CRAZY i know.
let me tell you how this all began more than two years ago.
i met chess86 through a good friend of mine. i just got out of a rocky relationship. so did she. we talked. adn we talked. we couldnt get enough of each other. the endless conversations about everything to nothing. the relentless corny jokes that wouldnt fade. the countless activities we had in common. it was the best feeling ive felt in my whole life. i am 29 years old now, and still i cant even think that this "falling inlove" actually happend to me. it was terrible timing though since chess86 alreadyhad plans of migrating to the US. i came in to her life a tad bit late. but since we both felt that this could be the MYTH that everyone talks about and dreams of having, the feeling of constant bliss , we decided to TRY the DREADED long distance relationship. at first we were facing a total of 5 years, since she was planning on getting her green card. during this time, we were just spending each day like it was our last. barely sleeping, waking up early, going through HOURS AND HOURS of heavy traffic just to spend even 5 mins together. but you all should know that chess86 was new to all of this, and is kinda introverted and extremely shy, shed prefer to keep to her self. so she did, tried to fight her feelings off, she decided to lie to me about going to a party...she had no ride, it was rush hour, and i offered to drive across town to take her to the event she had to attend. but she declined and said she got lucky, her dads driver got home in time to take her. so i said ok, have a good one. at one point on her way to thisparty, i call and ask if everythign was ok, traffic wise blah blah blah... only for her to tell me that it wasnt infact her driver taking her to the party,but her X Bf that she constantly told me about (cheater, loser, blah blah blah) so ofcourse i did what any guy would have and got pissed. we made up and fixed things and said it wasnt something to worry about, but that shed have to gain my trust back.
skipping the rest of the mushy stuff, we managed to pull through. now, day of departure arrives... i spend all night at her folks place jsut talking and being all gay and sad and shit. we start to talk, and i explained to her that ive been through a lot before her and was insecure and stuff, and i asked her one last time, are you sure you want to push through with the LONG DISTANCE- she says yes (insteadof taking my alternate idea -- which was to put things on hold until we see each other again) so i tell her, we can make this easy by keepign in contact, always sharing experiences through phone calls, text messages, ims, sharing photos of memorable times we encounter while we were apart. but since she was so shy and worried that she would look baduy as wed call it ( baduy = corny ) she failed to reciprocate and give the simple nice gestures back n return. as weeks went by, shed disappear from contact for a day, or long hours with out a reply or anything. so just liek anyo other person would, i felt frustrated, insecure, and paranoid. and as this continued, i wanted out (but no matter how i tried, i couldnt stand the thought of losing that feeling that could onlycome once in a life time) i grew bitter adn resentful. id worry about all these guy friends of her whod call or message and what not to the point that i went nuts and got into verbal arguments with them (like a moptherfucking 8th grader.)
months had gone by adn we started to slip. she felt she needed a friend to vent out (she didnt pick me - the guy who spent ALL HIS FREE TIME INFRONT OF A LAPTOP) she decided to confide in her X bf (guy who took her to the party.) i lost it. trust was gone. nice guy was gone. asshole entered. despite all this we stil wanted to push through. now here comes the part where in ALL OF YOU SAID I WAS TERRIBLE, i got drunk and slept with my X gf adn bragged about it to my best friend ( as any guy would do jsut to recover the pride hes lost through months of an almost emotionless S.O. (she even ditched me on my birthday that year and got drunk soemwhere with her uncle) i started doing some drugs, drinking a lot, and at my lowest point, i jsut forced my way into her privacy. i did the unspeakable, i asked for her passwords to her celphone log (verizon) email and shit. and true enough, jsut as anyone would while having access to personal information would, i broke her trust and went over board by getting intouch with people i shouldnt have making a fool out of my self.
to recap, the proof you all are talking about, it never started that way. id constanly send her photos of places and people id see TO SHARE THE MOMENT THAT MEANT SOMETHING TO ME WITH THE PERSON I LOVED SO MUCH WHO WAS ACROSS THE WORLD , not to prove that iw as doing what i said i would. id send her messages through out the day. it was so CORNY that id even tell her what snack i got from the gas station on my way to work spend 50c per text message. and for what ?to get an empty screen on my laptop at times with out any heads up that she had made plans adn decided not to tell me that she had canceled our INTERNET DATE. thats just stomping on your heart and spitting on it , well atlesast for me.
so in the end, the once sweet and very understanding and willing to compromise for anything guy vanished. what was left? a drunk meth head whos soul had been stripped away by guilt, by shame, and by HIS LOVE herself,chess86.
so with the story to back up her original thread, was i really abnormal ? i mean why ask for some photos to share when in the end shed jsut say ALL YOU WANT IS PROOF&lt; NO IM NOT GIVING IT.
thanks for taking the time out to hear my side. im not proud of what i did. but i did it and i have to eat my own shit.
weve been broken up for 4 months i think up until december when she realized that this loser of a bf she had in jersey was no comparison to how id make her laugh and how id make her melt with the LITTLE things id do for her day in and day out, she called me up a few weeks ago and said im going home to you if your willing to try this one more time. and my heart stopped, and went for it in a blink of an eye. ( chess86, yes i was also dating a bunch of boring ass losers jsut liek yours)
i love you ces, all i want is for you to love me back the way i love and treat you (before all the frustration and bitternes)
....her initial thread was from an argument we had last night about heading to AC on her one and only day off that we spend playing online games together.
peace,
dave

Summary:
during this time, we were just spending each day like it was our last.
i did all those things.
id send her messages through out the day.
so i said ok, have a good one.
ended up harassing her at times.
months had gone by adn we started to slip.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
