Original Response:
I have been with BF for almost a year now.  But this is hardly about him, this is mostly to do with my family and my growing resentment toward them. 

For first off clarification, I "officially" live with my family.  I have moved out and moved back in, lived across the world, and moved out for a job (which I left because I grew to resent it and because my mother became gravely ill).  My mother has used this history as a jab that I will not be able to provide for myself.  Now, I have been paying them a reasonable amount for health insurance and phone since I moved back to the country.  My parents have always promised that I would never pay "rent" and i am holding them good to that. I spend roughly 3/4 of my week with BF and my parents resent this.  The reasoning has shifted from me not spending enough quality time with them to not contributing to the household chores.  I have been threatened to be kicked out with varying timeframes and every time I pack up my things I am asked "Where are you going???"  Unknown to anyone save for my brother (15), BF and I are ready to move in together.  It's a matter of pulling the trigger (and getting my insurance/phone permanently untangled from my dad).  At one point I was given three options, stay home but live under "their" rules (think high school but worse), move out, or pay them $300 more a month and they will "leave me alone" (which I don't trust for a second). My mom has "cried wolf" repeatedly, saying that if I move out for him, I will "ruin" the family.  

Since he and I started dating, my parents, and have become increasingly disrespectful and spiteful. My mother especially.  I am beginning to realize she has been habitually lying to me to get me to do what she wants me to do, the earliest example I can think of is when I was in high school she told me my dad would "love" if my eyebrows were done a certain way so that I would get them done. For clarification, my dad has never noticed and it has taken some time to let my eyebrows grow out and accept them the way they were. 

But I digress. Since dating BF she has told me everything from the idea that he is "controlling" (after meeting him twice for a total of three hours) to that he will "leave me" unless I get a menial job (I was doing a temp assignment that I loved, but did not have regular hours). She has even gone to say that if I "choose him" over our family that I will be responsible for the eventual fall-out.  During a heated discussion which I was threatened to be kicked out, she even went so far to say that my dad didn't want BF invited to either Thanksgiving or Christmas and that she "championed" that out of her own goodwill and her trying to include him.  Unsurprisingly my dad has made extra effort to include BF recently, probably unbeknownst to him that my mom threw him under the bus.  Also in this threatening conversation she went as far to say he wasn't committed to me and to not coming crying to her "when" it doesn't work out. 

My dad, on the other hand, has finally made this stance of "supporting the woman he chose to spend the rest of his life with" after tumultuous drama with his family for the majority of his marriage.  Great, rejecting your own child to placate your child-wife.  Still, he has made underhanded comments about BF, saying shit like "I hope he wants that too" in reference to me saying that BF and I have discussed our future more seriously.  And then there's the racism. BF is of mixed Middle Eastern descent and my dad has (from nearly the beginning) made racist "jokes" that have gone as far to insinuate that my boyfriend is a terrorist.  I habitually call him a racist and rude whenever these come up, but we recently met up with (my dad's) family where the jokes continued and were perpetuated by his shitty sister.  I called them all racists and told them that I'm glad my boyfriend wasn't around to meet them, and that they were too cowardly to keep this up around him.  My brother also called them out and has called out my dad before as being inappropriate and unfunny.  My mom, obviously, likes the jokes. 

My mom's brother has also made a joke or two, but always ribbing off what BF will say about his own heritage. BF is fairly lax on the jokes and makes quite a few himself, but the difference is that he was present when my mom's brother was there and he never went any further than what BF had to say himself. I have since hung out with my uncle's family without BF there and there were NO racist jokes at all. 

For other background, there is a lot of drama regarding the extended family on both sides.  Lots of disappointment and petty infighting, my mom either being the victim or perpetuating it (I am beginning to doubt her victimhood).  I stopped talking to my mother's side for 5 years and regularly ignore my father's side whenever I am fed up with some of their behavior.  For example, this last weekend my dad's older sister was asking very pestering questions about BF going so far to say that it's her "right" to know these things and I had to correct her saying that it is my right as I've been the one dating him.  My dad's parents are dead and I couldn't give less of a shit about my mom's. 

And regarding my dad's racist jokes, after he basically encouraged them while with his sisters this weekend, I had a private conversation with him last night where I told him they need to stop and that they really upset me. I don't know if he'll actually follow-through as all he said was "ok."  I personally hate how I even had to ask for this, it felt pathetic like I had to ask my father to not disrespect my boyfriend behind his back. 

All of this has made me reconsider what kind of role, if any, I want my parents to have in ANY wedding (to BF or otherwise) or family life in my future.  All I can keep thinking is that the father of my children will be more ethnically like their father than my father, so why would I want to have shitty racist grandparents to influence my children?  And on top of it all, BOTH of my parents are ethnically mixed white/marginalized background. WTF.  I am disgusted and embarrassed by their behavior. 

And further, my aunt's behavior really illustrated why I HATE extended time with extended family. She kept hinting that she wanted a "wedding" and everyone will "pitch in" I really just want to tell her regardless of if it's BF or not she and other extended family will not be invited and I don't want her money. Ever. 

And more and more with my parents, I don't want them involved either. My mom has even transitioned to saying ever so slightly underhanded remarks about ME to BF, saying things like "Are you sure you want to be with [her]?  She's kind of a lot" and "I'm so glad you're here, it's the only time I see [her] happy" WHILE I AM OUT OF THE ROOM. 

The only person who has my back is my brother, who has spent more time with BF, even having two "weekend dates" with just the three of us.  He is honestly the only person I would actually want to attend any sort of "wedding."  How on earth can my dad expect me to want him to walk me down the aisle when he is shitty in how he talks about my current boyfriend behind his back?

Because regardless of whether it is BF or not, regardless of whether their behavior gets better over time, I will NEVER forget this horrible shit they are throwing at me.  And my mom is very much the kind of person that conveniently forgets things that cast her in a negative light, so I doubt she will ever apologize. 

My dad's younger sister (who is not shitty) eloped, and more and more I am realizing why (their mother oddly is very much like mine) and I am so tired of walking on eggshells for them.  I want to exclude everyone but I know I will be on the receiving end of guilt and shit until the end of time. 

My BF and I have talked about marriage, children, and what an ideal wedding would look like. He is not very close to his family and does not have many close friends. It would be painfully small, but more and more I want to elope, which he has no qualms with. 

I want to tell my family how deeply their behavior is hurting me and our relationship, but I know I will get hit back with guilt trips "we do everything because we love you" "she's your only mother" bullshit. I'm tired of it.

I tried counseling.  My counselor and I didn't really match up, but she agreed that I really need to set better boundaries and I shouldn't feel guilty for differentiating myself. 

TL;DR Overbearing family getting worse as I am differentiating myself from them and becoming closer to my BF. As we become more "serious" they are becoming more inappropriate and upsetting and I am reconsidering what, if any, role they will have in my future "family."  Regardless of if my current BF is "the one", more and more I just want to elope and cut off my parents.  PLUS racism about my BF!

Summary:
And more and more with my parents, I don't want them involved either.
My mom, obviously, likes the jokes.
I have been with BF for almost a year now.
Regardless of if my current BF is "the one", more and more I just want to elope and cut off my parents.
My BF and I have talked about marriage, children, and what an ideal wedding would look like.
My mom's brother has also made a joke or two, but always ribbing off what BF will say about his own heritage.
My dad's parents are dead and I couldn't give less of a shit about my mom's.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
