Original Response:
Note: I really am trying to give the best context for this, since I feel like it could be interpreted wrong at first pass. I apologize for the length

Background on current gf:

My gf and I [Both 20] have been dating for about 2 years (met at college) and are living together at college. Our relationship is pretty good I feel, although it does get difficult at times, as she has ADHD and Asperger's. She also becomes paranoid quite easily, and so she constantly asks "Are you sure you love me?" We plan to get engaged after college, before going off to grad school, but these plans were made a long time ago (about 4 months into relationship). 

Because of her health conditions, she finds it really hard to make new friends or keep old friends. This, along with her paranonia, is what causes, I think, her to be very much obsessed our future marriage. I think she is worried that I am the only person who will ever be able to work through some rough spots with her. She talks about it on a near-daily basis and has had us become states of "engaged to be engaged" and "pre-engaged." I have given her a significant piece of jewelry as a result (kind of like a promise ring, but not quite).

It is not that I don't want to marry her, because it is something I want to do one day. But hearing her question it quite frequently and making all these states kind of takes a ware and tear for some reason. It seems like she just can't take trust my promise that we will.

*****TL;DR1 I love my GF a lot, and we are in a serious relationship, but mental conditions and paranoia about future marriage seems to put a silent strain on me.

----------------
Background on other girl:

There is a girl [17/18] I have known since she was in 8th grade, and I was in 11th grade. At this point, I was a volunteer at her school and convinced her to join the same clubs I did when she entered HS the next year. There were no feelings here whatsoever. 

When she was a freshman, I took her under my wing and taught her everything I knew about theatre. At this point, it still seemed like we were in a good friends or older brother/little sister relationship. She hung out with my older group of friends, but that was mainly because there weren't any many other freshman in the activities we did. For the most part, we just talked in school or at extracurricular stuff.

So after I graduated, we actually began to talk a lot more. I would help her with theatre (the activity we did) as she quickly became one of the best people in the department, but only a Sophomore. But even outside of that, we would just shoot the breeze about anything. Much like we did when we were in school, but now on social networking and texting. 

Somewhere between my senior year and then, I began to think I may have feelings for her. And since we talked so much, I thought these feelings were slightly mutual. However, since there was such an age gap and a creep factor (15 vs 18), I always just ignored it, thinking that it was wrong for me to think it. But I every once in a while would think she would drop hints. Like I would spell a world really badly, and she would respond "Oh do you not love me enough to spell that word right?"

She also began to visit my college (only about 15 min away) to visit a bunch of my friends and I, although it slowly became just her visiting me. We wouldn't do anything crazy. Just walk around campus and grab a bite to eat. When break came I went back to my hometown, we also hung out. My mom and best friend (not same people :P) both actually asked me if I liked her, and I denied it, saying that it was gross and that she was like a sister to me. Either way, the 2 of us never directly discussed anything like this. 

I never could guess if she had feelings or the nature of these feelings. Did she just like hanging out because I was older? Did she have feelings? If she does, does she think its wrong?

After a while, we both got into separate relationship and, as we both got busy with school and other things, we began to talk a lot less. Not because we felt like us talking would threaten our relationships, but just legit being busy. But when we did talk, it would be just like old times.

About 6 months ago, her boyfriend dumped her and she took it really hard. I told her to come to see my gf and I to cheer her up, and because we hadn't talked in a while. The two had met before and liked each other, but hadn't talked a lot or anything. When she came, it was the most awkward time I had ever had because they didnt really know each other too well. I felt bad because I didnt think she cheered up much. 

She then, later, asked me if we could meet up again, and I said sure. But I then realized she casually asked for just the two of us to hang out. I'm fairly confident was just because she wanted to talk about her ex-bf, but felt uncomfortable talking about it with my gf there. Not hating her, but they were just only good acquaintances. I, with this in mind, said sure.

I then told my girlfriend how she just wanted to meet with me, and did not approve, thinking she was just looking for some rebound or something. I told that it was ridiculous and that she was a sister to me, nothing more. She got pretty upset, but I completely understood why. I agreed with my gf and, to not upset the other girl, just made up an excuse as to why I couldn't meet up. We never talked for a few months after that. I am not sure if it was due to being busy or I really hurt her there because she needed me...

We had recently talked a few times recently, but more due to us being at the same events and not due to us planning. This is partially due to we are just even more busy. But also, I am not even sure if my gf is comfortable with me talking with her. But when we do meet up, we always say we need to meet up again. 

*****TL;DR1 Girl 3 yrs below me who I've known since she was in 8th grade I may have slowly gotten feelings for, but buried because it seemed gross and wrong. Recent events made gf not like girl

-----------Recent Events:
So just yesterday, I came buy to help my HS with their play, which was having lots of problems. She was one of the VIP of the show, and it was obvious that she was overwhelmed. I came in and fixed a lot of things and was slightly super hero-esque. (Not trying to brag here, just providing context. Someone else told me similar words). 

While we were by ourselves finishing something that she had really been struggling on, she turned to me, slightly teary eyed and thanked me. We hugged, which is nothing new. I am a very huggy person. But then she kissed me. Just one small peck, missing and only getting about half my lip. I am not sure what my face said, but I first felt shock, then happy, then I almost kissed her back, then stopped myself. I just stood there for a split second. We then hugged again for a bit longer. We then left and went to work on other stuff with people, and didn't speak of it again. We hung out like we normally did yesterday and today, the day of the show. 

I am unsure whether that was just a spur of the moment thankful kiss or a legit kiss. So now I am stuck with these options I guess. Either way, telling my gf I feel like isn't a choice, despite what people will say. If I tell her, the fact that I did nothing will basically break all trust I have with her. Even if I told her that I scolded the other girl for doing that, she still would never trust me going anywhere near her, or any other girl, for a long time. I know its sounds horrible, but I feel like it is only going to ruin the situation. Either way, options are
a) Ask her about the kiss and whether she meant anything with it.
        Option a presents the following problems:
            i) If she never had feelings for me and that was just a thankful kiss, then I ask, she might think I do have feelings. Then I would just become a creep and ruin the whole relationship. 
            ii) If she did mean to do that as a result of built up tension between us or something, I don't even know what to do. There is still that fact that she's 17 and it still seems wrong. But at the same time, we have known each other for a while. But more importantly, I still love my GF.
b) Say nothing. 
      Option b is the Easiest. Perhaps it is just best to ignore the fact that she did this. It was just one peck. Could have been harmless. And even if she did mean something, I don't know what I would even do. I still love my gf and have no plans to dump her. Plus, I am not even sure if these feelings are appropriate. But either way, I feel really bad even thinking this because I am thinking about liking another, still technically underage, girl while in a serious relationship. I feel like a am a complete jerk. But it is not like I want to cheat on anybody or anything. I don't even think I want to dump anyone because I still love my GF. 


*****TL;DR: I seriously love my GF, who is paranoid and easily jealous. Other girl [17] who I have known for a long time and might have feelings for just kissed me, but I did nothing. Don't know what it means and don't know whether to ask about it. And I feel like a jerk even thinking about all this.

Sorry about the length

Thanks for the responses guys! It is good to hear some of the things I have been thinking said by someone else. Because of the facts that my GF is not public about her Asperger's and such, and also because of the underage things, I can not really discuss this with many of my other friends.

EDIT: We both know getting married at 20 is a horrible idea. We are planning on waiting until graduation. I always insist that I want to be at least slightly financially stable, even if it is grad school payrate.
EDIT: My GF does take medication for ADHD and has a therapist she sees once every 6 months or so. That is the only time she really has to meet with her, and she doesn't really trust anyone else. Although this helps, it only goes so far.

Summary:
And I feel like a jerk even thinking about all this.
But when we did talk, it would be just like old times.
But then she kissed me.
But also, I am not even sure if my gf is comfortable with me talking with her.
I still love my gf and have no plans to dump her.
I feel like a am a complete jerk.
But more importantly, I still love my GF.
But at the same time, we have known each other for a while.
We never talked for a few months after that.
If she does, does she think its wrong?
Did she just like hanging out because I was older?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
