Original Response:
Me: 25m, with 24f for 2 years.

Two nights ago I was chatting online with my ex girlfriend, who I dated for a year about three years ago. She ended things and I was pretty upset for a few months, but I got over it and we still keep in touch. I have absolutely no more feelings for her, and have not had any for years. In fact I am very very happy with my current girlfriend "Nellie". Like, thinking-marriage-happy. My ex, "Olivia", also has a new significant other who she's been with for about a year.

Olivia and I talk on average once a month, but more so recently because I was just in her area (she is on West Coast, I am on East Coast) for a conference and we met up along with two other mutual friends from college for a few hours. Anyway, back to last night ...

I was chatting with her because she is doing a combined MD/PhD program and I have always highly respected her opinion when it comes to research, professional, and academic issues. I am also a medical student and I wanted to get her thoughts on a research project I am trying to plan. Nellie came over to sit on my lap and when she saw that I had a chat window open with Olivia, she became visibly annoyed. Of course I can't quote verbatim, but the conversation went something like ...

Me: I think I'm gonna do (a decision regarding research).

N: Is that what Olivia told you?

Me: Not really, but she gave me some interesting perspectives.

N: I don't like that you talk to her so much.

Me: Do I?

N: Every time I look over, if you have chat windows open, there's always one with her.

Me: Well, she's a good friend and I value her opinion.

N: Why is her opinion so important? Can't you ask other people for advice?

Me: I do (it's true, I've been talking to a lot of people these last few days). But why shouldn't I get hers too?

N: Because she's your ex!

Me: So?

N: It makes me uncomfortable!

Me: Would you like to read our conversations?

N: It doesn't matter what you guys talk about. I know you're not like conspiring to get back together. It's just the fact that you talk so often is what bothers me.

Me: I don't talk to her that much ... (I typed "Olivia" into my gmail search bar and showed Nellie).

N: That's like twice a month!

Me: Only recently, because (... reasons I explained above ...)

N: It doesn't matter. It makes me uncomfortable and I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't talk to her so much.

Me: Ok, well then how often would you like me to talk to her?

N: I dunno, twice a year?

Me: That seems unreasonable. I can't talk to her more than twice a year? She's a very good friend, I've known her for 8 years.

N: Well I don't want to tell you *exactly* how many times to talk to her!

I think that gives enough of the tone of our conversation. In short, she recognizes that her discomfort with me talking to my ex is an emotional reaction, but she refuses to think about why it is that she feels that way. I feel that there are two basic solutions to her concern. Number 1 is that she can relax and realize that I've never given her any reason to doubt that she's first in my life, and feel secure in me talking to an ex who's now a good friend. Number 2 is that I can acquiesce simply because I respect her wishes and don't want to make her uncomfortable. I feel like the right solution is somewhere in the middle, but she doesn't feel like it's something that should be compromised. To be honest, she has never done anything like this before. I think it may be a little bit my fault that I've placed Olivia on this pedestal as such an expert on academic issues (I also really admire her writing ability, and Nellie knows that). I don't think her insecurity is completely out of the ordinary, but it disappoints me that she is unwilling to reflect on her emotional reaction and compromise on a solution.

I didn't talk to her all day yesterday, and last light I finally called her. She was still upset of course. Our discussion drew on into an argument until she declared that she was tired and needed to go to bed. "I don't want to talk to you any more tonight. In fact, don't talk to me if you're still talking to her." I told her, that sounds like an ultimatum. When she replied "I guess it is", I actually laughed out loud. I never imagined I'd be on the receiving end of one of these "her or me" situations. I apologized sincerely for my outburst, and then I thought for a few seconds. I finally told her, "Well if you're asking me to choose her or you, then of course you know my answer. I'll talk to her less." She quietly replied "Thank you. I appreciate it"

I haven't talked to her since last night. Today I don't feel good about the decision. I feel like she's just shown me a very insecure and controlling side of her, and I hope it's just an isolated incident (given that it's the only ex I still keep in touch with), and not the first in a pattern. 

TL:DR. Girlfriend wants me to stop talking to my ex. I finally gave in and it doesn't feel right. Was this the right decision?

Edit: I talked to her again tonight and she could tell that I was not happy. I told her that this was still bothering me, and pretty soon we were back at square 1. She thinks that she's given me enough explanation, that "She's your ex and it makes me uncomfortable that you still talk so often" should be reason enough to cut Olivia out. I told her I think she's acting very insecure and I that I wished she would think more about why she feels the way she does. I think a lot of perfectly reasonable people keep in touch with their ex, and that doing so speaks to some positive character attributes. I believe it shows that I was with this person because of their intrinsic quality/goodness/intelligence, and not just because of sexual interest or romance. Nellie has never kept in touch with any of her exes, and does not share this sentiment.

Edit 2: I went to Nellie's place last night and talked things over. She did admit that she's jealous of how close Olivia and I are. She is also adamant that she did try hard to reflect/introspect, but she just can't articulate her feelings and thoughts well, and I believe her that she's making this request despite her best efforts to relax and forget about it. I feel that I have been stubborn and haven't done enough to see things from her perspective. Although I have never asked her to hang out with any of her male friends less often, I have twice told her to stop responding to texts from guys who were obviously and inappropriately interested in her. Olivia's important to me as a longtime friend (in fact she was my best friend for 3 years before we were actually dating) but Nellie is of course more important and I will try to be happy with accommodating her request. A bit part of my concern is that she will feel ok with "veto"ing future friendships, but since this is really the first time the issue has come up in our two years together, I will give her the benefit of the doubt. I still feel like we are somewhat on different pages, and I don't feel as close to her as before this clusterf*ck happened, but we'll deal.

Summary:
N: I don't like that you talk to her so much.
I can't talk to her more than twice a year?
"I don't want to talk to you any more tonight.
I have absolutely no more feelings for her, and have not had any for years.
N: I dunno, twice a year?
Me: Ok, well then how often would you like me to talk to her?
Me: Well, she's a good friend and I value her opinion.
N: It makes me uncomfortable!

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
