Original Response:
My boyfriend [23M] and I [21F] have been in a mostly happy relationship for 3.5 years. He is a great guy, and is really sweet and intelligent. Together, we make a fine couple. All of my friends see us as exceedingly healthy, stable, and mature. We hardly ever argue, and when we do disagree, we always tackle issues proactively as a team without attacking each other. We both readily accept responsibility for our mistakes. We've been long-distance for the past year, but still make an effort to see each other relatively frequently (about every other weekend). All in all, we have been in a steady relationship with no real issues to speak of.

However, doubts have constantly plagued me about our relationship since its onset. Usually, my feelings for my boyfriend are strong enough to overcome these doubts, but lately, I've been feeling as though our relationship is stale and unfulfilling. Though he really is a fantastic guy, he is also highly introverted; he has a number of casual friends but doesn't have anybody in his life I would consider a best friend, apart from me. He is also very guarded about his emotions, and generally has a serious personality. I am more of an emotional, playful person who likes to form deep emotional attachments with other people. Sometimes, the disconnect between our personalities leaves me feeling bored and emotionally unsatisfied.

A major breaking point came recently when I went on a trip with my outgoing, effervescent sister and realized that I enjoyed her type of company so much more than my boyfriend's. I do cherish the quiet company my boyfriend provides when we are relaxing at home, but going out to restaurants, amusement parks, and other exciting dates is not fun when spent in quiet, reserved company. What worsens the problem is that when we are alone together, my boyfriend is affectionate, but in public, we are rather quiet and awkward together, exacerbating the disconnect I feel. (It is something he says he wishes to work on.)

Also, a major part of my doubt arises from the unconventional beginning to our relationship. When I met my boyfriend, he was an adorkably awkward upperclassman who was a member of the academic fraternity I joined. While I found him amusing and quirky, I really only saw him as a friend. But people quickly began to insist that he had a huge crush on me, and when we began hanging out more and the crush became increasingly obvious, I found myself stuck in a difficult position. At the time, I had never had any sort of flirtatious relationship with another person, let alone had any dating experience. I was under constant pressure from my peers that, "He's *such* a nice guy, why don't you give him a chance?", and I was also afraid that I was being a bitch and leading him on. Ultimately, I decided fuck it, I'll try dating him... and here we are today. At the time I thought he was a nice person, but didn't really have much romantic attraction to him. Over time, I grew to love him more, but in the comfortable manner of a long-term relationship. The result: I never got to have those strong "butterfly" feelings for my boyfriend, or experience those sweeping, passionate feelings. And while I know those feelings eventually fade over time, I do think that continued attraction and compatibility is important in a relationship. I have grown to truly love and care about my boyfriend, but my feelings have always been more muted, and though I feel guilty, sometimes I just want to experience that rush of love, or understand what it feels like to be one of those disgustingly cute couples, clearly infatuated with one another.

What's also concerned me about the relationship is that while I have no doubt that he is committed to me, we have been dating for 3.5 years and still never discuss things like marriage, kids, future house/career/plans/etc. The lack of communication on this front bothers me, but not him. Perhaps my expectations are unreasonable, but I feel as though we've been dating long enough and seriously enough to be having these conversations. Whenever I used to bring up the future, he was somewhat dismissive and would tell me he was "unsure" of what he wanted from life. Nowadays, he tells me he is willing to discuss the future, but it is clear he has given it little thought. Such conversations end up being essentially a one-way dialogue from me, as it is pointless to carry on a conversation by yourself, I eventually give up. Am I wrong to be so concerned about this? I have strongly decided that I want to get married someday and have children in my future, whereas my boyfriend doesn't really give any clear answers as to what he wants in his life.

I really don't know what to do. Yesterday, the thought struck me: "I should break up with him." And yet, an instant later, I was immediately torn over the situation. We've been through so much together, and 3.5 years is a long time to throw away. He is also my first love. Also, I am always hearing that love takes work, and ebbs and flows... but then the thought hits me, that maybe my ebbs didn't start out strongly enough to begin with, and that I am wasting my time with someone who is not perfectly compatible for me. I worry that I'll just continue "going with the flow" as I have been doing until it's time to get married, and then I will regret not looking for someone more compatible with me. But then I also worry that if I break up with my boyfriend, I may never find anybody who is as honest and patient and good-hearted as he is, or certainly someone who loves me for the person I am so strongly and purely. Maybe I'll break up with him and spend the rest of my life regretting that decision.

Please help, Reddit. I'm honestly torn. Any advice would be deeply appreciated. 

**tl;dr: Boyfriend [23M] and I [21F] are in a solid, but somewhat boring relationship. I worry that he's not compatible enough for me. Is it worth fixing or should I just let it go?**

Edits for grammar and clarification.

Summary:
I worry that he's not compatible enough for me.
I really don't know what to do.
He is also my first love.
At the time I thought he was a nice person, but didn't really have much romantic attraction to him.
At the time, I had never had any sort of flirtatious relationship with another person, let alone had any dating experience.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
