Original Response:
This is more of a reflective piece, but Id like to hear opinions on the whole matter as its still left me in a bit of a "did I really put up with that?" state of mind.  Our ages were 23 and 31 at the beginning

Two years ago I met an attractive, older girl at a club.  We ended up talking back and forth, becoming fuckbuddies who were seeing other people.  We both understood this and were making it work, though after a while our feelings started to become more intense for one another.  At about the 2 year mark, I told her lets call a spade a spade and try an exclusive relationship out.  I loved the girl and cared for her general well being.  She seemed the same as she would cook/clean anything/everything for me, never stopping to massage or please me with something.

Now this girl was notorious for being late.  Didn't necessarily live far, but due to traffic her showing up on time nearly never happened.  She was entrenched in the party scene up until we become exclusive, and I could see that it had become a staple in her lifestyle.  Always going out, missing work, gaining friends and finding fun stuff to do.  Its a shame that this lifestyle had her tied up in drugs, and through "becoming exclusive" and getting closer to her true persona, a very different person started to emerge.  

Not only was she constantly broke from driving around the city all day every day, but she was being fired from jobs while taking up new ones all the time.  Her attempts to try and stay her same social-butterfly self had led her into precarious situations of sleeping at friends houses throughout the week (in bed with others for instance), never going home to take care of her pet, and generally not being able to recite what she had done that week in any great detail for whatever reason.

I began asking questions about her relationship histories and her past, usually getting resistance.  I had already known she married young at 18, divorced at 25 and had 3 "real" relationships afterwords.  Time and time again, cocaine usage within these relationships came up.  She admitted that with her last "real" boyfriend, she would be doing an 8-ball of cocaine once a week with him every Friday.  Apparently this was why she left that relationship, because it became "boring and predictable" after the 3rd year.

The other thing that started to emerge was her dance with alcoholism.  Some nights we would be out and she would be in control, but other times it would be disastrous.  This was the first relationship ive had which left me shouting at a woman because for whatever reason, she decided to jump out of my car not once, but three times one night to "run back to her friends and see if I would chase her".  Meeting up with her usually involved finding something to sip on.

As time went on I found myself more and more anxious about her.  Where she was, what she was doing, who she was with.. I told her how I felt and that I felt it was making me more controlling towards her.  She said she didn't have a problem with this, and when I disagreed with something she did (being late, getting drinks from guys, being in touch with her ex's, drugs etc), she would always reassure me that now she understood me and it would never happen again.  

I didn't like the person I began turning into in the relationship, so I decided to end it.  After a slow build up over a day or two, I sat down with her to explain my side of the story and why I'm unhappy.  She proceeded to down a bottle of wine, tell me that we would work out, she has a bunch of friends from south america in town and we should go party.  She told me her ex-boyfriends could pick her up if I didnt want to go.  I ended it there, told her to take her belongings and leave.  

The next 30 minutes involved her throwing things refusing to leave, getting even more drunk on what remained on her 2nd bottle, calling me every name she could and then leaving after an attempted punch, followed by a bite after I restrained her and pushed her out the door.  She fell flat on her face, all her jewelery broke right off and scattered everywhere, crying, sobbing and hobbling I had to drag her out the door as she refused to let go of the door frame.  Her car outside, her ride on the way, I figured that was the end of it.

Not even 10 minutes later shes back, knocking on the door.  Ignoring it, I go back to whatever I'm up to.  Its 12am, she wont stop knocking.

Now its 1am, and she wont stop knocking, crying and sobbing on her phone.

Come 2am, she begins kicking the door, causing me neighbors to call me and tell me they are trying to get some sleep.  I call her a taxi and tell the driver to come get this girl out of here.  Doesn't work, she brushes off the taxi.

Once 3am rolls around I decide enough is enough, tell her Ill call the cops if she doesn't leave as my neighbors are just as pissed as me at this point.  She refuses to leave, says she doesn't care, so I call the cops and tell her they are on their way.  They show up, escort her out, ask me if I want to press battery charges and I just tell them to make sure she just gets home for the night.

So 2 days, 44 missed phone calls, 20 text messages and 6 Facebook messages later, and shes still trying to get me to respond to her.

Throughout this entire fuckbuddy-turned-exclusive relationship, I had a feeling that she was a liar.  She actually said to me once "wow you cant even tell if I'm lying".  Coupled with the drugs, the party scene, the constant gypsy-ness that followed her, I became more and more of a wreck, until I just couldn't put myself through this any longer.  No pussy is worth this mental burden.  

Last quip I remember her saying before I threw her out:
"Its [cocaine] totally normal!  My whole family does it!  Its just like when everyone was smoking pot in middle school!"

Summary:
She refuses to leave, says she doesn't care, so I call the cops and tell her they are on their way.
I call her a taxi and tell the driver to come get this girl out of here.
Ignoring it, I go back to whatever I'm up to.
I ended it there, told her to take her belongings and leave.
She told me her ex-boyfriends could pick her up if I didnt want to go.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
