Original Response:
EDIT: I'm going to college in her area next year DePaul U (she likes in a Chicago suburb, and I decided on DePaul for A LOT of other reasons than "we'll she's there".)
TL;DR: Huge gap in maturity between myself and my girlfriend of a little over 1.5 yrs, annoying now, could get worse. Need advice.

Ok so a little back-story: Myself [17.5YO] and my LD girlfriend [16.5 YO] have been dating for a little over a year and a half, and have meet up in person (met in person, I just live in CA, she in IL, going to see her again in a few weeks.) Wonderful, crazy-in-love couple, that share a lot of interests and actually give a shit.

Issue 1:
She assumes we are on equal footing on a lot of topics: work, technology, time importance are the main ones. She assumes that what she is doing is equally important to what I'm doing, and as assholish as this sounds, frankly they aren't most of the time. She will defend her projects / extracurricular activities to the death. For instance, she is in Stage Crew (builds set for plays and helps run the plays along with 40 other people) and at the start of March was the play's performance. That week I found out that my first fencing coach was going to die of brain cancer that he’s had for a year, and nothing could be done anymore…he’s 18 and would have been an Olympic fencer and a brilliant computer engineer, getting a full-ride scholarship to UCSD. My boss (I work at the fencing place now) told me, and asked me to tell everyone else, because “he didn’t have the balls to do it” his words, not mine. After telling people and comforting people for hours, trying to keep strong myself so that they had someone to cry on, I lost it. I drove home and sat down and called her. 
I was trying to text her in between telling adults and children about how Chris was dying, that I REALLY, REALLY needed her words and comfort… nothing. When I got on the phone with her, she said that “man, I’m so sorry about Chris, but I cannot take time off of crew to help you. More people need me there than just you, and they’re relying on me… I was asking for ONE day off. We talked for two hours, and I felt better, but that stung me… I mean the whole “well, its 80PPL vs ONE person” ignoring the fact that she could rely on 39 OTHER people, and I had to be thrown in my friend’s death on a dime…apparently size matters.

She also has used the # of people excuse for not talking to me on a regular basis, like when she is talking to me at work, and gets annoyed (not mad) that I cannot respond. I don’t expect her to respond during SC, but when it’s that or not talking for 3 days… well I get a little pissed when she says “well there are just too many people here.” I have been personally responsible for saving two local businesses from bankruptcy since I’ve been 13 (Web design / publicity / management / PR changes) and I am always stressed about those jobs. 


Topic two: arguing.
When we argue, there is an obvious difference in maturity. I will logically express my points, MOST of them being that I feel that we frankly don’t talk a lot, and when we do, she is only semi involved (see below for more on that.) Or today when she was pranking people online (harmlessly) and when I asked her about protecting herself (with the likes of TOR or ip / mac address fakers) she suddenly had to get food, and just left Facebook… she was on her phone so she logged out on that to ignore me. This is usual for our confrontations I will have some form of a problem, she’ll respond, I’ll respond and then she brings up something irrelevant or minuscule and will leave, divert the topic, or just say “sorry, sorry, you’re right, apologize,” but NEVER CHANGE ANYTHING. She’s gone far enough to compare my telling her than I feel like I’m not even dating her, anymore after we haven’t talked for a week, simply because she wanted to sleep more and be at crew extra, to me freaking out unnecessarily. Overall she will not change how she deals with me, or anything no matter what I say.
Talking:
Honestly I do try to talk to her a lot, more than I’d consider “adequate” for a LDR… I am admittedly slightly clingy, but not out of jealousy (I have that teenage LOL I’ll kill any guy that touches you stupidity still in my head) out of interest. She is an interesting person and I just LOVE talking to her, I’d prefer talking to her to 99% of any activity I can imagine, besides being with her. But when we text, it’s like I respond and could leave my phone, get a drink, and be back and she’ll respond then. We talk probably once a week on the phone, twice a month over skype, and text every 2-4 days, WAY less than what we used to.

When we are together, everything is so very wonderful. We both can’t get enough of each other’s company, and just go together so well. The problems of not talking are just not there, since we’re together. 

Being in person:
Every time we have been together it has been because of my initiative and funds. I work a lot, and being that most of that work is in technology, I normally have a sizeable pot of cash for a teenager. That being said, flights from cali to Illinois aren’t exactly cheap, and when we are together, one could say we have a 75 / 25 split on cost… she has no paying job. Honestly I’m not so mad about this, I was born into a rich family with a lot of opportunities (dad has a PhD from Harvard) but I haven’t gotten cash from my parents since I have been a teenager. The problem arises when I go to college, and have to leave working here, and my jobs, and income, to become a poor college kid. If she expects me to pay for half her stuff, she has gotta forget it, because frankly I can’t. She isn’t high maintenance by any means, in fact I could get away with giving less of a care than I do and nothing would change. 
I love her so much, and she has helped me through so much in life (depression, my brother raping me, other huge issues, and just BEING a teenager (honestly this isn’t seen as stressful as it really is.) I honestly would have probably committed suicide if I didn’t meet her, and when I have an issue in my, and she CAN talk, she is understanding, sensible, sweet, and so helpful. She doesn’t EVER get jealous, and is a good person in general, something that really isn’t that evident in a lot of people to me. The issues only arise when I point out something I’d like more (not even sex, she has a VERY nice libido) mainly just conversation. What should I do /relationships ? I’ve already put my foot down semi-hard before and it ended up being worthless… thanks for reading my Wall of text
-marrio91

Summary:
The problems of not talking are just not there, since we’re together.
More people need me there than just you, and they’re relying on me… I was asking for ONE day off.
Issue 1:
She assumes we are on equal footing on a lot of topics: work, technology, time importance are the main ones.
We both can’t get enough of each other’s company, and just go together so well.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
