Original Response:
I've managed to build a whole house of lies for my family. I never meant harm by it, but at this point I can't imagine the truth to be anything but excruciating to them. I feel I should provide some background:

I love my friends and family. I'm lucky, because my parents worked hard to give my siblings and me a much better life than they had. They're strict, but I've had a very comfortable life.

I have what feels like a nigh-pathological inability to let others know about my failures. And this has manifested in very bad ways since I graduated high school.

Senior year, my parents pressured me to enroll in their first choice college instead of mine. It was three hours away from my city, where most of my friends were staying to attend college. My first semester was a fiasco. I gave up on even trying to make a friend, sank into a depression, and became fixated on my long-distance boyfriend. In a move I still don't understand, I failed the two classes I was captivated by and scraped by in two classes I found boring. This resulted in academic probation. 

That lit a small fire under my ass, and I fixed things just slightly second semester. I hid my failures from my parents, though, saying I'd gotten decent grades. They had no reason to doubt me.

Sophomore year, I backslid, and my grades were bad enough for the dean to put me on a mandatory semester of leave. This was where my lies got ridiculous. I intercepted the letter that was meant to inform my parents of my suspension, and I led them to believe I was going back for my fourth semester. Instead, I crashed on friends' couches for a semester and worked small cash-paying jobs. At one point I traveled fifteen hours away from my home to work a two-week gig, and I was constantly waiting for my parents to discover the awful truth.

They didn't. When the semester ended, I had my father pick me up from the campus of the college I wasn't currently attending. I bummed around that summer and, the next semester, I went to community college halfway in between my home-city and my college's city, trying to improve my GPA to get back into the college my parents thought I was attending. I got a 4.0, but my dean balked on some administrative matters and I was told I wouldn't be able to return until the next fall. 

I felt like I was *so close* to fixing my situation, and that I couldn't possibly let my parents find out then. So I orchestrated my most daring lie yet, which was that I was going to study abroad. My parents had no reason to be suspicious, and I set off for a semester in a foreign country, where I *did* attend an independent study abroad program.

I got great grades, and was accepted back to my original college. At home for the summer, I felt amazing. I thought I was finished with dishonesty; I could go back to school, put my nose to the grindstone, and be done with the school I hated in a few short semesters. 

Halfway into the semester I came down with a bacterial infection that wrecked my life for a while. I was getting treated for it at the college health clinic, but the medicine wasn't helping much. I slept twelve hours a day, and I ended up failing two classes. The dean's justice was swift; this time, I couldn't intercept the letter, which informed my parents that I was being put on a year of leave due to my low GPA. They were *insane* with anger, but I still covered up the truth. I told them that it was the sickness that derailed me for one awful semester, and they determined that I would stay home, get treatment from a proper doctor, and take a few classes at a local college.

So I have been home this spring semester, and I've made excellent grades at my local college. I'm a top student in all three of my classes and feeling excellent. The treatment for my illness is finished, and my symptoms seem to have gone away. I've reconnected with old friends, and I'm in perhaps my first healthy relationship, with a kind and stable guy a few years older than me. 

No one knows that I attended a total of three semesters at my college. It hasn't been an issue all semester, with me getting treatment and attending classes here. But now my parents are discussing my return to the original college. I proposed staying in my city to finish my education, but it caused a row that had my parents demanding to see my transcript. I panicked and managed to deflect, but since then I've been consumed with panic and anxiety about what to do.

I want to stay in my home-city, excel in classes, and be around people I love. I don't know how I can make the transition without revealing the truth to my parents. If possible, I want them to *never* know; they both have heart problems, and I am seriously worried this could cause a severe reaction, like a literal heart attack. 

The anxiety is making me shut down a bit inside. Part of me wants to cut and run: leave them an apology letter explaining that I need some space, move somewhere, finish my education and reappear when I've made something of myself. Another part wants to try lying even further to try and stay in this city. 

I have been consumed by guilt about this for three years, and I just keep escalating my situation. I feel like such a fucked up person. What could I do to make the best of this situation?

Sorry to make this such a long one. I think it can actually be summarized quite succinctly: 

**TL;DR: In order to avoid my parents' disappointment, I hid my failures in college for three years. I've finally started to get my life together this semester, but they are very close to finding out that I received low grades in three semesters of attendance, instead of decent grades in six semesters. I don't know how to salvage this situation. Ideally, I would keep them in the dark in order to not risk aggravating their health problems.**

EDIT: I have to leave the computer for now, but I wanted to express my gratitude for everyones' posts. I will do a better job of following up later.

Summary:
No one knows that I attended a total of three semesters at my college.
It was three hours away from my city, where most of my friends were staying to attend college.
So I have been home this spring semester, and I've made excellent grades at my local college.
I don't know how to salvage this situation.
I got great grades, and was accepted back to my original college.
It hasn't been an issue all semester, with me getting treatment and attending classes here.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
