Original Response:
He's 36, I'm 23.  Together around two years.

Reddit, I feel trapped.  I don't even know how to explain it all without writing for days and days and days.

Our relationship moved really fast.  We fell in love quick and hard and it was amazing.  Then I got pregnant.  I'd just moved 4,000 miles away (Hawaii - being on an island feels even more isolated) from all my friends and family, and suddenly I was going through this huge life event. I was scared and lonely and no one around to talk to.  We fought a lot throughout the pregnancy  because I never felt like he had any compassion for my situation, and to be honest, I resented him a little for "making me" move out here (for the record, I realize he didn't make me do anything.  I couldn't help feeling that way though.  I've apologized for this on many occasions).  It got better towards the end of the pregnancy for a little while, but has been pretty consistently stressful.

Our daughter is four months old, and she's super fucking awesome.  I'm a stay at home mom.  I still have no friends and still feel super lonely all the time.  I hate raising a child so far away from any of our family.  I hate feeling like I can't ever go anywhere - you can only drive so far on an island.  It's taken a serious toll on me mentally. I have seriously never felt so alone in my life.  The island is small.  There aren't meetups or anything of that nature, and the locals aren't particularly accepting of outsiders.

Our sex life is in the toilet - this is his main issue with our relationship. Sex was extremely painful during pregnancy, so I mainly just tried to help him out.  It wasn't as often as it should have been, probably, but it was at least once a week, usually more.  I had a pretty traumatic birth (It was a c-section - but I had "planned" all natural, and ended up having to be put under.  I didn't see my daughter until two hours after the birth.  It's still a very painful subject for me - that might seem silly.), and I'll admit to being depressed for a while afterwards.  So, no sex for about two months (again, blow jobs a'plenty).  My sex drive is still completely non existent.  I'm breastfeeding, and pretty certain that is the main cause.  He thinks I'm not attracted to him.  I've tried explaining that that has nothing to do with it, but it doesn't help.  He complains about it every single day.  There's so much anxiety surrounding the subject for me now that the very thought of sex gives me a stomach ache.  I feel guilty, but at the same time I'm resentful.   He tolerated not having sex, but he was never understanding about it.  I am constantly hearing about our lack of intimacy, which only makes me angry and not want to touch him.  It's a vicious circle.

Then there's our financial situation.  Hawaii is really, insanely expensive.  He's a wedding photographer and works part time with kids with autism.  He wants to get his photography business big enough to do that full time.  The thing is, he's not motivated.  He's been given opportunities (a list of potential wedding planners to set up meetings with) that he just sat on for months while I was pregnant.  He has been "redesigning his website" for months.  What he wants is for these 10,000$ high end weddings to fall in his lap so he only has to do a job or two a month.  It just isn't possible.  We're not struggling exactly, but we're not moving forward like we need to be with a growing child.  We're in a one bedroom house, which while that's fine for now, it's not going to work much longer.  He doesn't want me to work, because he doesn't want a stranger watching our baby all week.  I agree with him there, and we discussed it before we ever got pregnant.  That said, my priority is creating a stable financial situation for my daughter.  So if I have to work, I want to work.  The thing is, I can't afford to work here.  Working full time would only cover the cost of child care.  I recently took part time work with my old job at a learning center (12 hours a week - four hours a day on his days off from his pt job) so that he wouldn't have to worry about giving me "spending" money.  He's unhappy having to watch her those mornings I have to work, saying that it's "keeping him from getting work done."  It's four hours a day.  Normally he'd still be asleep two of those hours anyway.  What he doesn't like is having to watch the baby by himself. But I need this.  I need money to get out of the house.  I need to get out of the house and talk to adults.  I need it.

I'm so unhappy.  What I really want is a break.  I want a week or two apart so we can both really think about what we want.  Given our location, that isn't really an option.  Neither of us has anywhere to go.  I could go home for a little while, but that would mean taking our daughter away from him, and I don't want to do that.  He doesn't help with her a lot, but he gives me breaks if I'm about to lose it.  He loves her though, a lot.  And she deserves to have her father in her life.  This is my biggest concern.  If she wasn't in the picture, I'd already be gone.  But she's here (and I'm glad!).  If we split up, I have to move back home.  I can't afford to live here on my own (and don't want to).  But the thought of taking my daughter from her father just makes me sick.

I feel so trapped.  I'm so, so unhappy, and I don't know how/if we can fix things.  He's not down for counseling.  I'm losing the desire to even try anymore.

I just need help.  I can't talk to my friends and family about the situation - mostly due to pride.  Everyone is "so jealous" that I'm living in Hawaii, and all I want is to go back to my stupid tiny town and hide.  

TL;DR - We fight constantly.  I feel like he has no compassion for my feelings on a wide array of issues, he feels he isn't getting the intimacy he needs to be happy.  I think I want out, but I don't want to take our daughter away from her father.  Trapped.  Going crazy.

Summary:
So if I have to work, I want to work.
What I really want is a break.
I need money to get out of the house.
I feel guilty, but at the same time I'm resentful.
I can't afford to live here on my own (and don't want to).
The thing is, I can't afford to work here.
It's four hours a day.
I need to get out of the house and talk to adults.
He thinks I'm not attracted to him.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
