Original Response:
Long Post. 
Long time lurker and in need of some helps dealing with and understanding my feelings in this situation.Throwaway account.   

About a week ago my long time (5Y) BF (M26) and I had our first conversation about fantasies after some kinky sex. I (25F) shared with him that I thought Threesomes were hot and specifically mentioned that I sometimes fantasize about MFM threesomes. I think they are hot but for me it’s a pretty new fantasy that I haven’t really explored in any way besides thinking about it and watching some videos.  My BF reacted pretty normally saying he doesn’t know if he could ever do that and I told him I didn’t know if I could either but the thought of it was hot. He mentioned that he always had thought I was into threesomes because he knows I think some women are sexy and I said well yes I think women are hot but I don’t know about a FMF threesome.  Conversation ended fine, he shared a fantasy he had with me which was pretty sexy and vanilla, I told him I would love to act it out. 

Over the weekend something happened that has completely turned me off to the idea of threesomes all together and even my BF alone. I don’t think I have ever felt this betrayed and I don’t know if I am over reacting.


Friday night I went out to a work event with one of my co-workers/ Friend at work (F 24) our friend relationship is basically me giving her advice, we have hung out once before out of work). After the work even my boss took us out for dessert and more drinks in the city, long story short my co-worker got trashed and was acting like a child, I was literally cringing in my seat every time she spoke. The night ended at about 12:30. My BF was in in town so I told him I could pick him up from the bar before taking my co-worker home since I had my car. When I spoke to him on the phone he sounded trashed. I picked him and his friend up from the bar and proceeded to drive everyone home. The whole ride back home my co-worker was yelling and screaming at my boyfriend and  his friend in joking manner…. my BF was doing it back to her  and I was literally yelling at them both to shut the fuck up and let me drive. I had to do this multiple times. I also had to stop the car at one point because my co-worker was saying she couldn’t hold her pee and was going to proceed to try to pee in an empty water bottle in my car.  I dropped off my BF’s friend first and drove to my co-workers.

 As we got to her place my drunken BF proceeded to tell my friend my threesome fantasy however he twisted it up to be a FMF. So he basically proposed to have a threesome with my co-worker and I.  Now here is my also drunken coworker saying “you like me aww , your attracted to me aww”  I corrected them both and said the fantasy was really about MFM for me. It didn’t matter what I said because my BF kept pushing it telling us to make out and she kept yelling like continuing the joke. I basically made fun of him for even trying to initiate something because I did not want to make a scene in front of her.  After she finally got out of the car I flipped out on him. Basically telling him how disrespectful this was for him to twist up my fantasy and try to propose it to my younger co- worker who I pretty much oversee at work. He was quiet the whole ride home and passed out. 


Next day. I communicated how upset I was that he would tell someone my fantasy and try to propose a threesome when I didn’t even know he was into that. Of course I am jealous and floured at the thought that my boyfriend is attracted to her. I am fucking mad that he was basically pushing our heads together and that he has ruined my image at work. I am a very professional person and don’t mix work and play. I am firm at work and manage my coworker and another one of our even younger co-worker (F19) which I know she is going to share this whole thing with because that’s how they are. If I were them I would never look at me the same, with the respect and admiration they once had for me.

 This was Saturday and since then I don’t even want to look at my BF I am so disgusted; everything he does and says bothers me.  He obviously apologized and said he thought that’s what I would want which is a fucking lie because not once have I ever give him an indication that I would have a threesome with a female especially my co-worker.  I told him he made it about him and completely took advantage of the situation and that just because I think SOME women are hot does not mean I think they all are, and would have sexual interests in them. I told him that playing fantasies out need lots of communication which we had not had. lastly I told him he shouldn’t drink anymore. He is an extremely heavy binge drinker who does stupid ass shit when he drinks. When I picked him up that night he was pulling a tree branch off a tree and his friend told he had basically pissed in public. My BF has quit drinking multiple times for a few months here and there after a binge. 


Today is Tuesday and I still can’t let it go I feel like I am faking every half assed kiss and interaction. The more I think about it the more upset I get. I have already communicated all of these feelings to him; thankfully our communication is good in that sense but Reddit please help me deal/ get over this, I don’t know what to do. All I want to do is bash him and be hurtful because I am hurt. I would never do these things though thankfully I know that is not the way to a successful relationship and successful communication.
 Thanks for reading

tl;dr: My Boyfriend's drunken actions are making me question our relationship and him as a person. I feel hurt and betrayed, how can I get over this?

Summary:
I had to do this multiple times.
So he basically proposed to have a threesome with my co-worker and I.
I told him that playing fantasies out need lots of communication which we had not had.
I picked him and his friend up from the bar and proceeded to drive everyone home.
The more I think about it the more upset I get.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
