Original Response:
I met Jai two years ago online while doing an internship in another city. It was my first experience with online dating, and I wasn't expecting to actually meet anyone in person, but we really hit it off and had a great three months there. He's a talented, sensitive, altruistic person whom I share many values with. At that point, I could really see us going places. Even in our difficult times later on, we've grown together. I met and love his family, and they really liked me; my parents weren't that thrilled, but they never are. He knew from the beginning that I was leaving for another state for a teaching job for at least two years, and we decided to try long distance.  

The training for my teaching job that summer and the entire first year after that were awful. I was stressed beyond self-recognition, and I definitely took it out on him. He also didn't understand anything about what I was going through, and I had a hard time communicating that to him. He would make it seem like there were simple solutions to the issues that I was having, and it would frustrate me. Things would escalate quickly, like if I was ranting and swearing about a work-related issue, he would yell at me about "swearing at him." I didn't feel like he was a support and added to the emotional burden that I carried from my job. He would say that he was supportive because he'd stay up with me many times while working, which is true, but he has usually used that fact to hold that over my head in arguments. We also had intimacy issues. I was so unhappy and overworked that I had no drive, and he would tell me that I made him feel unattractive and like I didn't want him.  

During that time, I also became close to a male coworker who empathized with me rather than criticized me. While I did develop some feelings for the coworker, I didn't act on them, but it strained my relationship with Jai that year nonetheless. This year, it has been a non-issue as we don't even see or speak to each other much anymore, but Jai still seems suspicious that there is someone else in my life.  

That first year, I only saw Jai once for a few days during Christmas. He lives with his parents, and I didn't have a good time with him; he seemed hostile towards his family, and because I didn't feel comfortable getting intimate in his parents' home, he was even more upset about the lack of intimacy.  

When I returned to work, I was back in survival mode and didn't think too much about our relationship except for putting out the fires that developed. When summer came around, I wanted out. I wanted to focus on getting better at my career and getting away from other stressors. I cried so much and had a lot of trouble articulating myself, and Jai's vitriol made everything worse. He accused me of cheating him of a chance to see what my life was like, since he had planned on coming to my state and maybe even getting a job here. Jai also accused me of "emotional rape" and being cold when I was trying to cut contact. I don't recall how, but we wound up getting back together after a week, agreeing that I wanted to focus on my work but that we could still be together.  

That summer I visited him, and things seemed better. He also came to visit at the beginning of the new school year, when I was still extremely stressed. I continued to express my frustration and wasn't interested in being intimate, and it made him resent me. He told me that my job was harder than he thought it was, which made me resent him. After he left and as the year went on, things seemed to improve as we took the time we needed to do our respective things and still spend some time talking together on Google Chat, the phone or texting. I've made a much greater effort towards intimacy, too.  

That being said, I still didn't see our futures melding. I don't know how long I want to stay in my current state and teach, and I don't want to live in the city where he and his family are. What I wanted to do was spend the summer together and then start talking about the inevitable. I'd been avoiding the future talk for some time, when a few nights ago Jai insisted on talking about it. He was looking for assurance, but I told him that I couldn't promise anything. He said that my indecisiveness was hurting him, so I told him that I would then need to let him go. He started backtracking, saying that he didn't need an exact answer, saying that he wanted to work things out. Then he said he wasn't going to let me break up with him. That he wanted to see me grow as a person and go to grad school, etc. Then he turned around and said he felt like committing suicide (I told him that I'd call the police if he kept talking like that, and he stopped), that he'd ruined his standing in his community with his relationship with me and would be doomed to be alone without me (we're an interracial couple). I ended the call with us both crying and feeling incredibly guilty.  

The next night we spoke again and Jai told me again that I gave up easily on relationships, that he thought I understood his culture and it was my fault, that everything could be worked out and I wasn't trying hard enough. I stood my ground this time the way I hadn't the year before, and we're broken up.  

I think I'd be willing to work things out if we were physically together and had therapy, but I don't know. I've seen comments on Reddit about girls in their early twenties wanting to find themselves, and there's some truth to that (although he'd told me age was no excuse that first night). I told him that last night and he said he wanted to look into online counseling. I said I'd think about it. My mom thinks he's emotionally abusive and that I'm crazy for considering it. How about you, Reddit? (Thank you for even reading. It helps to write it all out.)

**TL;DR I've been dating a man long distance for 2 years after meeting online and being together for 3 months. After I moved, our relationship tanked because of a lack of communication and stress. Things are better now, but I'm not sure if I should walk away because our futures don't seem to mesh well.**

Summary:
I said I'd think about it.
That summer I visited him, and things seemed better.
That being said, I still didn't see our futures melding.
When summer came around, I wanted out.
I told him that last night and he said he wanted to look into online counseling.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
