Original Response:
I'm 22/m and typing this out, but before I post it, I'm letting my girlfriend (22/f) read and edit this so everything can be accurate. She does reddit stuff way more than I do (I spend most of my time in r/botanicalporn :P (and r/asianhotties but shhhh don't say anything)).


My girlfriend (22) and I (22) have been together for 6 months, after having been talking to each other since 8 months before we became romantically involved, my part mostly consisting of trying to be supportive during tough events happening in her life at around that time. Our relationship so far has been amazing, with the occasional emotional bumps that last from a day to a few days, depending on the severity, obviously. This is a long-distance relationship, but under very good circumstances--my father works for an airline company and I get to fly whenever I want for ~$30 (~$60 for her), and I try to visit at least once every month/two months. 


During my most recent visit this previous week, she had been sad about not enjoying her new job too much (not knowing how to do certain things, not having friends there, the person who is supposed to teach her how to do things was on vacation, etc.) and was somewhat making her anxious about her career choice, so I felt like my duty was to comfort her as much as possible whenever she was sad every day after work. I mostly just hung out in her new apartment (she moved in a week before I came to visit) and I tried to be helpful by moving furniture with her father, setting up new TV stuff, fixing random things around the apartment, washing dishes, met her at the subway station every day after work, making her lunch and dinner (I even met her at her work with sandwiches I made so we could eat together). 


The second day I was there, we went on a fancy dress-up date to celebrate her thesis completion, graduation, and birthday. She tells me enough that I'm a great boyfriend and that she feels like she'd never find anyone as nice as me. She's a great girlfriend as well, especially with her ability to deal with my horrible anxiety and depression, which is slowly starting to disappear due to my constant emotional experimenting/tweaking, and I'm able to be happier than I've ever been because of it, and she's been by my side while I was struggling to get better and being amazing and not letting my mental problems affect her own emotions/life. I love talking to her and she frequently makes me laugh, and she's very intelligent and honest. I think her family is awesome and she likes my family as well. She cries from happiness whenever we have sex for the first time each time we visit, and we both cry whenever we have to fly back home. She definitely loves me and reassures me of this constantly, and I do the same for her.


A few days into my most recent visit this week and her being sad from what I thought was ONLY the job being stressful, she mentioned that she had been feeling distanced from me a bit. She described it to me as feeling like we were "stiff" around each other and like we didn't connect on a friendship level, though she also said that everything else in our relationship is perfect. The problem makes sense to me-- I completely understand the importance of a strong friendship base in a long-lasting romantic relationship. I didn't feel that big of a distance before she mentioned it (I only felt a slight distance because she was sad and I felt obligated to be more comforting than being myself, if that makes any sense). Now I feel a lot of pressure to be more of a "friend", but I can't actually cognitively figure out how to do that, and I'm pretty sure that just happens naturally anyway, and I feel like it did until last week. 


Yesterday morning, the day before I left, we laid in bed and cried for hours talking about it and trying to think of what to do/what went wrong, but the only advice she gave me was to keep being myself, but I was doing that earlier in the week anyway. After crying for hours, she started crying harder and told me that she doesn't want to give up because she loves me too much and we've been through too much together. Later that day, we went grocery shopping and spent time eating dinner and watching a movie with her parents, and it felt to me like everything we were worrying about was alleviated about 60% at least (she was kissing me and snuggling me really hard for maybe 5 hours straight, even while we were up and moving). Today I had to fly home early in the morning, and we did the usual crying departure, but I've also been crying all day, which never happens. I think I just feel really shitty because I want to be there for at least a few more days while we patch up this problem, but she made it seem like it was a really big problem that we'd both need to work on a lot anyway, and I'm not sure what to do from preventing this from happening again. Neither of us want to break up because we love each other a lot and have spoken extensively of a future together, but I don't want her to feel like we're not best friends in addition to being romantic partners.


Things I've suggested to her:
- Trying to spend more time with her other, childhood friend whom she misses.
- Waiting for her job experience to improve, possibly improving her overall mood and self-worth.
- She's going to Europe in a week or so with her father and sister, so maybe that will be a great relaxing vacation for her and she'll feel better

The problem with these suggestions is that none of them have anything to do with me improving myself, and I don't know what to do to help this problem so we can feel confident about our future together again. I'm the one that's apparently not acting like a friend, and I feel like it's an essential skill that only just recently has my lack of this skill been pointed out to me. Just two weeks ago she was vising me and we were vaguely talking about (very far off) marriage things and moving in together, and now this is happening and we both seem confused and distraught. Any help, pleaseeeeeeeee?
Please.


tl;dr - My girlfriend (22) loves me (22) and our relationship (6 months or so) but recently has told me that she's not feeling like I'm her best friend, and I agree that that is an essential part of a relationship that I apparently suck at and I don't know what to do. Neither of us want to break up and my heart is falling out of my ass right now. Please grace us with your wisdom.

Summary:
She definitely loves me and reassures me of this constantly, and I do the same for her.
I love talking to her and she frequently makes me laugh, and she's very intelligent and honest.
Things I've suggested to her:
- Trying to spend more time with her other, childhood friend whom she misses.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.02
