Original Response:
Me: 35f Him: 30m Together for 10 months.

So I just had a hard (for me) to hear conversation with my boyfriend and it's left me feeling conflicted.

We talked about my weight, which with any person, but maybe especially so with woman, is always a hard conversation to have. My SO let me know that he wasn't as attracted to me as he could be. He thinks I could stand to lose 10-15 lbs.

So, first, he's right. If I lost about 15 lbs I would be very close to having a perfect body. As it stands now, I am ever so slightly on the chubby side. However, I feel completely comfortable with myself at this weight and never felt a need to take my weight loss any further than this until our conversation today.

Before I met my SO I had lost 50 lbs. I went from 180 lbs (at 5'2") to 130 lbs. I love my body now. Something I could not have said two years ago. I honestly think that I look good. Sure I've got a little junk in my trunk and I didn't lose my boobs, but my waist is small. I'm the right kind of curvy. I look great in clothes, but naked is another story I suppose. My stomach isn't tight and I've got some fat in my hips, ass and thighs... but it's never been something that I've been too worried about.

I've always been pear shaped and even at 100 lbs I had an ass. I used to fret about my ass when I was younger, but at 35 you sort of start accepting parts about you that may not be perfect and even begin to love those things. I've been with guys who were obsessed with my ass. Literally couldn't keep their hands off of it. So I just figured I'd find someone who accepted me as I am and that would be enough.

I honestly thought I found that. I haven't put on a single pound since the day I met my SO. I'm the same weight I am now as I was then, so this talk of ours left me feeling very conflicted and confused. If he wasn't attracted to my body then, what changed? Why is it an issue now?

I should say that I am not mad at him at all because of this. I truly appreciate that he felt comfortable enough to be this honest with me. I prefer absolute honesty and our ability to be totally and completely honest with each other is something I treasure.

But here is where I feel conflicted. In past relationships I have completely changed myself to try to make someone happy. I would essentially become a doormat in these relationships. Eventually marrying (and divorcing) someone extremely abusive where I lost all of my sense of self. By the end of it all I didn't even know who I was anymore. And it was terrifying.

I went into counseling and worked hard about changing both the physical and mental parts of my life that I felt were holding me back. I fought hard to regain my self-esteem which was in the gutter. I felt like I was reborn and given a second chance at life and embraced my new life with open arms. I made lots of changes and I am happy now. So, so, so happy. 

And a huge part of this happiness is due to my SO. We connect on amazing levels. I've fallen madly in love with him and am enjoying the ever living shit out of the honeymoon phase. We hang out like best friends and fuck like rabbits. He makes me smile constantly with his silly demeanor. We talk about the future and how we see each other in it. And again, with him, I am just amazed with this life that I now have. I am still sometimes amazed that two people can fit together so well.

So the conversation. I'm glad he told me but I'm not going to lie, it hurt. I always thought he thought I was beautiful. I never felt remotely self-conscious around him. I could prance around the house naked and feel no shame. Our sex life is off the charts. We both have high sex drives and he laughs at the fact that not only have I never turned him down for sex, but I also do a lot of the initiating. I'm in my mid-thirties, my sex drive is on fire. And he has always seemed more than happy to indulge me in my every whim. And it's not always kinky, crazy sex, it's sometimes soft and slow and deeply emotional.

So I have never turned him down until tonight. After I talk I suddenly felt so self-conscious that I didn't want him to see my body. I explained that I wasn't going to feel self-conscious forever, but right now I need a bit of time. I feel like I'm torn between changing myself (when I like who I am) or being stuck in a mindset where I lose all of my self-confidence. 

I don't want to do this. I feel like I am back tracking in life. And everything in me is fighting to say "Don't let someone change you. You are ok just the way you are." But the other part of me is wondering if I am going too far in trying to hold on to my independence. This guy is worth bettering myself for. And if 15 lbs would make him happy, then maybe I ought to consider it. 

Is it ok to change a part of yourself that you like, to make someone that you love happy? Is this a dangerous situation or really not a big deal. I don't trust my brain because I've been fighting so long to change thinking patterns. I don't know what to do in this situation.

Edited to add what may also be relevant. My boyfriend is extremely fit himself. He runs, bikes and lifts. He is chiseled and muscular. Fitness is very important to him. While it isn't as important to me, it is not as if I am not active. We frequently go out hiking together and I have no problem keeping up with him. And I do work out, just not as hardcore as him.

TLDR: Boyfriend and I had a conversation about him thinking I need to lose weight. I'm not mad, but feeling self-conscious now. And am also struggling with someone asking me to change who I am. Wondering if this is a big deal or not?

**[Update](http://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/1di7mo/update_so_the_boyfriend_30m_said_he_thinks_i_36f) for those who are interested.**

Summary:
I love my body now.
And again, with him, I am just amazed with this life that I now have.
But here is where I feel conflicted.
I don't want to do this.
I always thought he thought I was beautiful.
I don't know what to do in this situation.
So I have never turned him down until tonight.
And I do work out, just not as hardcore as him.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.12
