Original Response:
I’m a M (24) and she’s 23. She’s from boston, mass and I’m from CNY. We had been together almost four years. We met my sophomore year and her freshman year of college spring semester. Things were great until my junior year due to several factors; I was in a dark place because I quit playing a sport that I played for a long time so I was grieving that. I gained 60lbs, got terrible grades and I developed a bad drinking habit. In this time I thought sowing my wild oats was what I needed. I tried to cheat but thankfully the girls I attempted to cheat with stopped me. On top of this she has SERIOUS separation anxiety. So the harder she tried to control me, the more I pushed her away. Also, she basically did most of my school work. After some counseling and meds I got back on the right track and our relationship healed. With this said, me toeing that line of cheating but not crossing it has haunted me ever since that time. I felt massive amounts of guilt due to that.

My senior year I got back on track, focused on our relationship, my health and school. I lost 80 lbs, got the best grades I had ever gotten and things were good with us. During this time I stopped meds. I had a huge fallout with my best friend which brought her and I closer so things in college ended on a great note. When I finished I moved back home and got into grad school. 
During her senior year we saw each every other weekend, if not more. Things were great, we were both dedicated regardless of the distance (100 miles). She went to counseling to deal with the separation anxiety and was put on meds. Once she finished school she moved to my town to allow me to finish school and I’d follow her back to Boston for grad school. 

When she first got out here she struggled a great deal with being far from home. During the 9 months that she’s lived her I have gently pushed her to become more independent and social. In this time she became pretty good friends with her co-workers and went out weekly with them. Due to past relationships, I have learned that if someone is going to cheat that they’ll do it regardless of being controlled so I rarely questioned her, never checked her facebook and phone. 

For a couple months now she’s been distant physically and emotional but I attributed to her meds because it’s a side effect and we’re both strapped for time. During this time I’ve been hitting the gym hard which has sky rocketed my libido, like to high school levels but she rejected 95% of the time and when we did have sex it was somewhat forced by me. In the past 2 week she became increasingly distant. It all came to ahead when we were visiting her family and I tried to make out with her when we were lying in bed. I did this cause she complained that I didn’t do it enough. There was ZERO compassion and I blew u and told her the lack of sex is making me feel like a roommate not her boyfriend. After this blow up we had great sex. Outside of the sex life I was the happiest and the most committed I’ve ever been, even with the sex issues. I just felt like my life was falling into place. I have a great deal of existential issues and commitment is one of them but I felt like I was getting a grip on this particular problem. She was my life vest in the sea of existential shit.

This past Thursday it was a nice day and I had worked out and had class. I was in a phenomenal mood and I started sexting her. She responded with distant and vague answer like lol, which led me to blow up again. She stated that we needed to talk. I freaked and left class and hung out with my friend and had a text argument. She kept asking for a break to figure things out and I refused because I feel like that a break is running from problems. As I was getting ready to head home I was positive that it was over. I got home wept, hyper ventilated and cursed her out. I texted my mom that it was over and she came over. My mom played peace keeper and my gf agreed to try doing couples counseling. After my mom left we had crazy hot, personal sex. It was the first time we actually locked eyes and it was very passionate. The only problem was that when I went down on her she didn’t seem into it. We had sex twice that night. Friday, we went out to lunch, went grocery shopping and had dinner with my family but she was still distant but I kept thinking it was just because we had a hard time. 
That night I couldn’t sleep because I was analyzing the day and I blew up on her again. It came out that she didn’t feel like counseling would work and on a scale one to ten in regards to commitment it was a 3. I kept questioning her and it came out that there had been some serious flirting with a co-worker who said that he’d hook up with her if she was single. She also told me she was really attracted to him when in the past she said she couldn’t stand him.  She also said she had been thinking about sex with him but was unsure if she would if she could. She also said that the “spark” was gone with us, she wasn’t “in” love anymore and she was bored. During this whole ordeal she was oddly calm and collected especially considering her issues of separation. She cried because she didn’t want to hurt me. Because my parents own the apt, she told me she planned on getting an apt in the city she works for 2 months to stay till June. The only reason she was staying till June was because I was in school. Does this make any sense?

Since this blow up and break up, I’ve gone home, moved my stuff out of the apt. Also, we had a night stand where we kept our condoms. We hadn’t been using them but she lately had me using them and we ran out. A week ago, I took the drawer out and searched for condoms which I could not find any. When I was packing my shit, I opened the drawer and right on top was a condom. Don’t get me wrong it could have been there the whole time, but on the top? Really? 

She has not attempted to contact me once which dumbfounds me. Since Thursday, I’ve been lucky to sleep 5 hours a night and I’ve lost ten lbs. Looking back the signs were there but I never saw this coming. What do I do? She went from can’t being alone to dumping me when she’s 5 hours from anyone she loves or is close to.

TL/DR - Seperation anxiety gf of 4 years ends relationship when she's 5 hours from anyone she loves.

Summary:
During this time I stopped meds.
I texted my mom that it was over and she came over.
After this blow up we had great sex.
After some counseling and meds I got back on the right track and our relationship healed.
I just felt like my life was falling into place.
The only problem was that when I went down on her she didn’t seem into it.
She went to counseling to deal with the separation anxiety and was put on meds.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
