Original Response:
Sorry if this ends up a little long winded, but it's been playing on my mind for a little bit now. I've been going out with my boyfriend for nearly 8 months now, and he is pretty much everything that I could ask for. Intelligent, ambitious, caring. However recently (probably in the past 2-3 months) I have noticed he is a lot less affectionate and intimate towards me, and sex has pretty much fallen off the radar.

We are both 23 and he is my first relationship (and first dude I have even kissed) whereas he has had 2 boyfriends, and hooked up with a couple of dudes before me. When we first had sex he told me had lost his virginity, only as a top though. 2 months down the track he tells me he actually lied about that, and that I was his first as well.

So, I had problems topping him (performance anxiety when putting on the condom) so I would always bottom more or less, with him trying to help me out topping him. I would consider myself a 99% bottom, with the odd urge to top once in a blue moon, but would always attempt it when he was keen because I wanted him to experience bottoming.

So about a month or two ago I topped him. I couldn't cum but he eventually did. Usually we would have a laugh, cuddle, kiss and what not after sex as you usually do, but this time he seemed a little distant and went straight to sleep. I figured he must have been tired and what not so I thought nothing of it.

For the next two weeks he became kind of distant, where usually he would invite me out for drinks at the pub with his mates, he had a couple of parties on where he didn't ask me, but I just figured maybe he wanted some time with his friends, so left him be for a little bit. After not seeing each other for over a week (little weird for us) he said he would pop around my place if he had time after work, to which I replied 'no problem, can crash at mine too'. He came around for like 40 minutes, and ended up going home. We had dinner a couple of days later and watched a movie in my room where he stayed. I started kissing him, things got a little heavier, then he moved from kissing with tongue to closed mouths to just pecks. I got the hint and went to bed. We ended up going to dinner and one of his mates places a couple of days after. I initiated sex, he was rock hard and drooling precum. He didn't engage any type of anal, I came from a handjob, but he said he couldn't cum (only happened once before, and he had a lot on his mind thinking that perhaps I was going to get over him and regret that I had never hooked up with anyone but him).

After that I didn't see him for a week again. It was his birthday so I took him out for dinner. We end up back at his watching a movie, I start stroking his shaved chest hair, he tells me to jokingly stop, I keep doing it, then he gets kind of angry so I stop. We kiss innocently and cuddle for a bit, and I am stroking his neck. He tells me to stop again, kind of forcefully. It all seems a little weird so I ask him if everything is alright. He replies yeah, everything is fine then puts his arm around me and he goes to sleep.

I had to leave in quite abruptly in the middle of the night due to family stuff. He was really helpful the next couple of days, messaging me all the time, making sure I was alright, offering for me to stay at his if need be, call anytime I needed to talk. I met up with him mid week and explained why I left in the middle of the night, made sure it had nothing to do with him, and then asked if there was anything on his mind. He said that he really didn't enjoy bottoming, like not at all. He didn't want to say it, because he thought it would be a boring sex life for me if I couldn't top him, but I said I don't really get much out of it, and we decided that I would be the bottom, him the top. I'm happy with this. I also mentioned how he had been distant the past couple of weeks (he said he didn't realise) and that it felt like I was always initiating sex. He said he was just acting weird cause of the whole top/bottom situation.
I figured this might have solved all the affection, being intimate, sex problems on his side. So I told him he could stay at mine Friday night. He kind of went all awkward, shuffling around and said 'ah i've got to cook some wings for your party tomorrow... (long pause)... oh and wash my bike'. I figured he would jump at the chance to have sex after this really honest conversation, and that the excuse he gave was pretty damn lame.

I message him saturday morning asking if he could bring some stuff for the party, and says he will after he washes his car (yet he originally said bike) He comes over and mentions how he went to his friends uni recital thing on Friday night in conversation to one of my friends. I pass it off as just a change of plans or something. Were all drunk as we go to bed, and to be honest this is usually the only time he has seemed to really want and initiate sex (besides the first 2 months of lust), but instead we kiss for a bit and we go to bed.

Last night we go to the movies, I of course am the one to kiss him hello, he doesn't touch me, hold my hand, or anything the entire night and I kiss him goodnight and he goes on his way home.

Now what I have said here might seem extremely high school and stupid to you guys, but this is my first relationship and I don't really understand whats going on here. It just seems so weird going from having sex like 2-4 times a week, to literally once a month if not longer recently. I honestly feel like I have the sex life of a 50 year old married couple. With the past couple of weeks and the lack of affection and sex, I have honestly felt like we are nothing more than friends, because if we are hanging out, we have a laugh and have fun. I know sex and affection and intimate type behaviour is going to drop off a little bit after 8 months or so, but surely it shouldn't be like this with two dudes in their early twenties. It can't be an attraction thing, as when I do initiate and he partakes, he is rock hard and oozing pre-cum. Also, not to sound arrogant, I have been told I am a pretty attractive guy. Is it simply a case of him just not that being into me anymore, and he is too scared to break it of?

I could use some input here from anyone who has experienced something similar, as it is doing my head in. The thing that confuses me is that two days before he went all distant, i went to one of his friends parties and he greeted me with open arms, lifted me off the ground and kissed me. He was basically all over me all night, and at one point I am pretty sure he was about to say those 3 words, 'I love you', but then pulled back. He is fairly insecure in the fact that he thinks i'm going to eventually leave him due to this being my first relationship, and honestly fairly emotionally unavailable sometimes, so my personal opinion is that he is pulling back, distancing himself from the relationship so that he doesn't get too close to me, and when this apparent breakup comes, he won't be as hurt. Would this be a good guess?

TL:DR; Boyfriend has become pretty distant and un-affectionate the past month or so, and doesn't seem to desire sex anymore. Is this a case of he's just not that into you anymore? Or something else?

Summary:
He said that he really didn't enjoy bottoming, like not at all.
After that I didn't see him for a week again.
It all seems a little weird so I ask him if everything is alright.
So about a month or two ago I topped him.
We ended up going to dinner and one of his mates places a couple of days after.
I've been going out with my boyfriend for nearly 8 months now, and he is pretty much everything that I could ask for.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
