Original Response:
My boyfriend and I have been dating for about 2.5 years, and we keep having the same problems over and over. The 'friend' mentioned below is a mutual one. She is the girlfriend of one of his friends, and I met her through him. Since meeting her, we've become fairly close. Her only vice is that she never answers the phone / doesn't respond in a timely manner to texts and what have you.

Last night, while my boyfriend was driving me home from dinner, said friend called. The friend in question had not answered or replied to my calls and messages all week, which as stated, is not particularly out of the ordinary, but I was feeling slightly fed up with constantly having to deal with that sort of behaviour. If you have 5 minutes during the day to take a dump, you have 5 minutes to respond to me. 
 
Anyway, not wanting to be rude to my SO, I chose to ignore the call as we were about 5-10 minutes away from my house and I thought it'd be more appropriate for said friend and I to speak privately. I believe that if you're with someone and the phone rings, (unless it's super important) just call them back later. I've had many a friend come over to spend time with me and then just spend 20 minutes on the phone while I awkwardly wait. In this particular case, if said friend is always too busy to respond to me, then I see nothing wrong in making her wait a little bit longer. 

Seeing that I'd rejected the call, my boyfriend took it upon himself to call her (while he was still driving) and despite asking him a few times to not do that, he handed me the phone and forced me to speak with her then and there. I kept the conversation fairly short, just the usual 'how are you', 'how have you been', etc.
After hanging up and finally getting to my house, I told my boyfriend that I was upset at the fact that he had done that. The situation did not require his intervention and I didn't appreciate being forced into doing something I would've felt more comfortable doing in private at some other time.

Not satisfied with this, my boyfriend called her AGAIN, this time after I'd left and gotten inside my house. He told her that I was simply 'being polite' a few minutes ago and was not entirely being honest... going on to tell her everything I'd told him earlier that day about how I was feeling. It was MY responsibility to do this, not his. By this point I was absolutely fuming. I called him to ask what gives, and he said, quite nonchalantly, that he thought I was acting like a child by ignoring the problem and that he felt he needed to fix things between us. I understand that perhaps his heart was in the right place, but I don't need for him to treat me like 12 year old and act on my behalf. 

He's also been having problems lately with another mutual, male friend, and we've spoken many times about this. As his girlfriend, I've been supportive of him, and given him my advice, but I would NEVER get involved and divulge everything my boyfriend has said to me to this particular friend.
I tried telling him that - how it would be a betrayal of his trust to simply share all his innermost thoughts and feelings with others. To do what he did, would be to put words in his mouth because I can never accurately portray what he is thinking to somebody else. Being a 23 year old male, I think he is old enough to make his own choices, and I would appreciate it if he respected my ability to do the same.

However, it does no good to speak to him. He brushes my feelings aside and refuses to accept that he may have been wrong. In fact, he often invalidates my feelings and says that if I didn't do X, he wouldn't feel compelled to do Y. He accuses me of always skirting around the issue (I don't, I simply do things a bit differently to him), and he validates what he did by saying that he is simply an honest, and more open person. I feel as though I can't trust him anymore because everything I tell him in confidence always somehow ends up being public knowledge. Instead of acknowledging this, he retorts with "well, I don't trust you either because you're not open enough". It's not like I'm a conniving, manipulate person that lies - I'm simply more private. 
For example, when we're having a disagreement, he will start fighting with me in front of all our friends. Seeing how uncomfortable this makes them, I always try asking him if we could not do that right then and there. No matter how angry I am, I think we're both capable of acting like civil people, and leaving the discussion for when we're alone. This is also one of the reasons why he views me as being "not open" and therefore dishonest.

Anyway, this was just one specific example.
My question is, how do I speak to someone that refuses to hear me out? I don't need him to agree with everything I do, I just need to know that he understands. I'm sick of reaching out to him, only to have my feelings shut down, and be told that I'm wrong no matter what the situation. I do love him and I don't want to throw away what we have, but it seems like this happens all the time.
He does something (or I do something), I try speaking to him about it, end up feeling like an idiot for even trying.  I'm really not sure how to proceed.

tl;dr: boyfriend constantly brushes aside/invalidates my feelings and refuses to hear me out.

Summary:
My question is, how do I speak to someone that refuses to hear me out?
She is the girlfriend of one of his friends, and I met her through him.
He does something (or I do something), I try speaking to him about it, end up feeling like an idiot for even trying.
The 'friend' mentioned below is a mutual one.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
