Original Response:
TL;DR Throughout my relationship with GF, close friend (who is in a LDR) is flirty and offers his opinion up and is generally judgmental: relationship ends at his advice alone, he lies and maintains friendship with me, nails now ex-gf two weeks after, continues to lie and act friendly. I find out through ex-gf being drunk and loud (intentional, she was 2 feet from me and called him) at party two nights ago, called her out in front of whole party. I don't give a shit for ex, only for the "friend."

Alright, for the long story. I've known this guy for close to 8-9 years, throughout middle and HS. Met a decent girl junior year of HS, and went out with her for 6 months then was diagnosed with a very treatable type of cancer, so go through 4 months of chemo and radiation. Stays by my side throughout, is generally a good relationship, some points of contention, I strove for good communication but she didn't seem to really ever give her opinion. She was supportive during this time. From january of last year, I am out of chemo and getting better (still getting better, finally feel like me), and striving to continue to run, climb, cycle, be me again, but gf loses interest in activities she enjoys, ONLY hangs out with my friends (never going to let this happen again), and generally is very submissive and "content" (lack of better word). So, throughout, I have this close friend who has only ever said how mean I am to my GF (in front of the both of us) and later in a group with him me and our GF's (yeah, he's been dating his GF for a year longer than I was mine) confesses how he used to like my GF and blah blah blah, but it's all very friendly. I am somewhat uncomfortable but keep it shut. He is flirty and treats my GF as his own essentially. So, come October, GF and I have been having some fights (usually about me and my friends, which is ridiculous because she's invested in my friends now too and not at all a 3rd opinion, again, stupid me), and since august the both of us had been worried about her being depressed and I only advised anything it may take to fix and be happy, and I was doing pretty well. Well, GF and I hang out several times only with close friend (again, LDR on his end), and he is more friend to her than I, and acting the same flirty way, and when I am out of the area, they talk about his LDR and my own relationship, (I know this because I feigned sleep staying at his house one night, GF didn't cheat that night  I think or anything but now that i think of it I am unsure). I was very happy when my GF said that she "had been going through some hard times and that he (me) was giving it my all and being a good boyfriend and very supportive." forward 1-2 weeks, and her and I are in argument about my friends (some stupid scheduling conflict I was annoyed about, retrospect, stupid), we make-up, enjoy sexy time, then I go to work. Return from work and she is upset, I go to bed at my dorm alone and close friend drives her back to her dorm, where they talk late into the night. Next day, GF is upset going 8 am same class, I ask her what's up, and finally say, "Are you breaking up with me?" She cries and we talk about it, I apologize for everything possible, am wanting to work through it and just be happy (she held every little thing i may have done wrong against me, unable to forgive).  Well we go through the weekend (dinner and expensive dress later...), break-up monday because of the same reason from that friday, she "realized she didn't love me anymore." Well okay, so I'm kinda wrecked about this. Say we can be friends eventually (lol), but first need time apart. Well, this situation is complete shit. A) she is only friends with mine, remember? So yeah, she is at every social event, anything going on, you name it. I played soccer, she didn't, yet still she would show up. Close friend is always hanging out with her now, and not one week later "breaks-up" with his LDR, but they quickly (that day) resolve. Whatever. During this time i'm a total mess, alone and having panic attacks and texting her (stupid, yes), unable to attend parties (she's always there, I feel bad making situation awkward). So then come thanksgiving, she has sex with a different closer friend's roommate after smoking his weed against his express permission, effectively ruining time i could hang with him, and around this time has sex with the original close friend. I find out and I feel suicidal, deepest of depression, and am consoled by one close friend who's dad had passed (yeah, I feel terrible that he was the one I asked to help me, he's such a great guy and I must've made him feel so bad about stuff indirectly). So, come end of december, I now am barely seeing any of my long term friends because she only ever is around them, and my b-day rolls around and I spend it alone, spend new years alone, but at this point I am of the "Fuck it, whatever" stance. Anyways, talking to a friend who just got a new apartment, hang with him, and am invited to house warming party. Ex is there, close friend shows his face along with his LDR, (I do not know anything about him and my ex at this point), and am generally having a good time. Well, I don't drink or smoke, (due to cancer), so am sober. Close friend leaves with LDR. later, Ex-gf calls him, not 4 feet from me, drunk, and loudly talks to him about how she hasn't told anyone about the two of them having sex, blah blah blah. I realize exactly wtf she is doing. I handle it like a god. Text close friend, ask politely if it's true, he confirms, I go back into party, walk up to ex, and ask her if it's true. She lies. I call her out. Party is silent. I tell whole party what she and mutual close friend have done, and that I am tired of their shit. ex is crieing and trying to say what a shitty time she's been going through not knowing if im suicidal and apparently not going to thanksgiving with my mom's family (I didn't, but why should she care?). 

So, since thanksgiving, I give zero fucks for my ex. I am happy. I hit the gym, got shit done, am being great. She has only been drinking, fucking, and generally distracting herself. I dealt with the relationship and break-up, know she's shitty, blah blah blah. But the close friend is where I'm stuck. He is part of our tight-knit group of friends. All the friends now know. I've essentially been shunned because of my being upset about her but am getting back into the group, and now I'm advised by friends to talk it out with him. I don't owe this fucker anything, but I only told him "I am willing to maintain the friendship and would like to talk, whenever you are ready to do so. I will be around."

 He effectively: Rained on my relationship with my (ex)-gf, was flirty with her whole time, especially so near the end and the 3-days after while we were trying to fix things (my jaw was on the fucking floor seeing the two of them doing this shit in front of me), advised her to dump me, also tried to console me and her, but especially her, and then about a month after, him and i sit down, I apologize for my behaviour and he does the same, we talk about how him and I both think she's been shitty and doing things terribly and blah blah blah. He is in agreeance with me. And I believe we're good. Around now, he fucks ex. Continues to act friendly (gave me a guitar book, snowboard boots, driving me around, all this crap). Then I find out about this and he only has to say (in confirming their bullshit) "Yes we did. I'm sorry. I can't call (now). I'll tell you face to face. Anything you want to know. Its over. You never have to see my stupid face again."

I'm waiting on him to see if he will agree to talk to me face to face. I feel as if the situation is only going to go against me, as he is still friends with all mine, and I honestly wanted to be his friend, but if he doesn't recognize wtf he has done by fuckin up (not to mention what he did to me, but his poor GF too), then I feel he deserves a decent beat down, but if I talk things through with him then I'm just allowing this obvious lying, manipulative, horny fuck to get away with his shit and probably go out with my ex (not that this is in my realm of control, nor do i care, but really?)

And it's bad because I was right about the two of them, when we'd broken up, I accused them of this shit. I told another mutual friend that I thought this might happen and our friendship is now strained because of it. I'm a smart guy when it comes down to this stuff (too smart, fuck me).

So what do?

Summary:
I don't give a shit for ex, only for the "friend."
Around now, he fucks ex.
Close friend leaves with LDR.
She was supportive during this time.
Anything you want to know.
All the friends now know.
So, since thanksgiving, I give zero fucks for my ex.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
