Original Response:
**TL;DR: Long time close friend is headed down a road of addiction. He's become increasingly hostile I don't want to deal with it, but I want to help because I know he's better than that. His past behavior makes me think his mentions of suicide are just a want for attention, but I can't help but feel that blowing him off could push him over the edge. He doesn't live with a parent and has no family nearby. Who do I talk to at least try and get him the help he needs?**

Names have been changed for the usual sake of privacy.

Okay so I'm going to give a little bit of background information before diving in just so there's a bit of context. In high school, I "George," was close friends with three guys. "Tim," "Matt," and the friend of concern here, "Kevin." We were all tight in high school and helped each other along in a bunch of ways, both personal and not. Long story short, Kevin ended up falling head over heels for this girl "Barbara." Nothing serious ended up ever happened between them and he was always really stressed out about it, as high schoolers tend to be. That being said, love is a funny thing so I figured it wasn't fair to tell him what he felt wasn't valid. We were all super-tight with each other for the last three years of high school while this Barbara Issue kept rearing its ugly head and the rest of us kept helping him out with it.

Skipping forward to college, Kevin started veering down a path the rest of us weren't crazy about. Basically, Kevin wanted to be the TV-show-style rockstar who could party all weekend, smoke weed every day, and still ace all of his classes. Myself, Tim, and Matt warned him and had been warning him that his plan wasn't necessarily sound given his work ethic and general lack of realism. But, we still hung out with him because he was usually a cool guy. In his moments of existential crisis - the ones we all have at some point in college - he would start complaining about how his classes weren't going the way he wanted and about how people didn't believe in him and about his regrets that nothing ever happened between him and Barbara. 

Now, round about sophomore year of college, things start taking a turn. Basically, none of us went to the same school so we would use Skype to talk while playing video games or doing whatever. During one of these Skype calls, Kevin shows up drunk and starts slinging insults. In his mind he was probably just using the same humour that we usually used with each other, but to the sober ones he was opening up with both barrels. Eventually we got tired of it and kicked him from the call. This is important because it's the first time we'd ever actually cut him off from us in any way. Time passes and the next break we're all hanging out he apologizes. We say it's cool and move on. 

Now honestly some of the details get lost on me past this point because I had my own stuff going on. The important part of the story is that as time goes on, Tim, Matt, and myself watch Kevin slowly sink. His grades slip. He is open about his marijuana and alcohol usage, and even goes as far as to say he's been trying cocaine and abusing cough medicine. Now, something I forgot to mention is that we know that Kevin lies to us about things. It's not necessarily about important things nor does it happen all the time, but he's admitted in the past that he's lied to us, most times to boost his own ego. So honestly I don't know how much of that is true and how much of it is just him wanting attention.

That being said, this behavior increases and he gets increasingly belligerent with us, especially when we don't agree with him. At some point, Tim decides enough is enough and cuts off contact with him. Matt and I continue talking to him, mostly because we can see that underneath the layers he's a good guy who just needs direction. Eventually though it gets to be too much for me as well and I leave our group chat too. Time passes. I'm not talking to him, but Matt keeps contact due to an incredible amount of patience and because he's just geographically closer. 

After some months, I get a couple apologetic texts from Kevin asking for advice and I give it to him. Matt tells me that Kevin seems like he's actually changing for the better so I decide to go ahead and make a new group chat between the three of us. This is a couple months ago. Kevin's still complaining about the same Barbara Issues and partying and suffering grades but actually seems like he wants to make a change. At this point he divulges to us that at some point he had planned his suicide. As always, Matt and I give him advice, starting with moving back into his dad's place and getting sober. He tells us that those are good ideas and that he will do them. Now Matt and I aren't convinced that he'll take the advice because it's been the same cycle of "ask for forgiveness, hear advice, ignore it, be a dick" with Kevin for a while, just to smaller degrees. Honestly, Matt and I aren't convinced that he's telling the truth about the suicide thing. We think it's another appeal to his own ego and our emotions.

As it stands today, I cut off communication with him again. Kevin has all but admitted that he's not even attempting to stop smoking or drinking, says he still just occasionally thinks about suicide, and gets incredibly mad at us whenever we tell him he needs to straighten up. In fact, he's been saying that he's addicted, which is why he can't stop. In short it's a very thinly veiled "if you can't handle me at my worst" argument steeped in what I assume is self-confidence issues over personal failures. 

The thing is, this guy was once one of my closest friends. One of my only friends back then, quite honestly. If I hadn't been helping him figure his life out through high school and early college, I would've made like Tim and just stopped caring a long time ago. But I know this guy. I know he's got potential that is mostly being corrupted by the roommates he's around now. I don't personally care that much that he drinks or smokes but 
Matt and I can't even separate which parts of his story are true and which aren't at this point. We aren't around him so we can't tell if his addiction is legitimate or just an excuse he's using. Regardless of whether he is or not and regardless of what his extent of drug/alcohol abuse actually is, he's framing addiction as a door for him to just go further down the rabbit hole until it actually becomes a problem. I don't really want to put up with it, but I feel guilty for walking away. I want to help him or at least get him to help himself so I can get back the friend I used to have. On top of all this, I have no idea what to do about his suicide mentions. They're never serious enough to warrant calling the cops and forcing him to get help. I could tell his dad but there's a limit to what any adult can do. His behavior in the past has both me and Matt pretty sure that it's not serious and more just another cry for attention, but simultaneously, I know that depression takes a lot of forms. It could just be that his personality is muddling everything and I would feel absolutely destroyed if I blew him off and he ended up acting on those thoughts.

I'm at a complete loss for how to deal with this.

Summary:
But I know this guy.
Honestly, Matt and I aren't convinced that he's telling the truth about the suicide thing.
He tells us that those are good ideas and that he will do them.
I want to help him or at least get him to help himself so I can get back the friend I used to have.
"Tim," "Matt," and the friend of concern here, "Kevin."
In high school, I "George," was close friends with three guys.
Now, something I forgot to mention is that we know that Kevin lies to us about things.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
