Original Response:
Sorry for all the text, but the entire story is needed. Just want an impartial view on what we should do :(

Boyfriend and I (F) have been dating for almost 5 years, he is 22 and I'm 19, meaning we started dating when I was only 14 and he was almost 18. 

We've had a really great relationship for most of this time, and only really started to fight about a year ago. He claims that we're lacking passion and intimacy as we're not the way we used to be sexually, whereas I see it as a natural progression. We have sex 1-2 times a week (and don't live together). I still enjoy sex and we have an amazing time when we do it, but I seem to be lacking a sex drive and would sometimes just rather do something else. He sees this as a massive problem and although I've been trying to help fix it, I still don't think it is such a big deal, as we still have an amazing relationship nonetheless. We have discussed the idea of an open relationship in the past in an attempt to fix this 'problem' but never really thought much of it. 


We organised a holiday together (which I've just come back from) and have spent 2 months abroad, being the most time we've ever spent together. Here we fought a bit, and he said that he wanted to take a break later on in our holiday, and this argument went unresolved.


Fast forward a couple of weeks, and we find ourselves at a big party. I'm feeling a bit down and stupidly say that I'm bored and want to meet other people. He is upset but agrees, and we talk about it a little bit before we part and decide to meet up in a couple of hours. 


After several intervals (and drinks) of parting and meeting back up, we decide to 'take a break'. We discussed meeting and doing things with other people, and seeing how we felt about it afterwards. He said 'you can fuck 10 guys if you want, I really don't care'. I was very careful to make sure that he was okay with all of this, and we both agreed that we were. To me this was going to be a bit of fun. We trust each other completely, and I thought it would be fun to go out and try new things and get back together in the end and either decide we loved it or hated it. I had discussed in the past that I want to be single at some point in the future as I had never been, and I am worried about not living my life while I am young and regretting it at a later point. I don’t want to be that couple that gets married and cheats on each other when we’re 40 because we’ve never known anything else.



We accidentally ran into each other at one point and he was with another girl. When I tried to speak to him, he told me to go away. 20 drinks later and I find myself in the bushes with a guy I had been speaking to for a few hours. We made out and I gave him head for about 10 seconds before stopping and realising what I had done was stupid, and he left immediately :(. 


Once my boyfriend and I had gone back to our room and sobered up, we asked each other what had happened. I told him, and when asked he said 'Nothing. She tried to kiss me but I didn't because I didn't want to cheat on you.' It was at this moment that I started to feel absolutely horrible and remorseful. We were both really upset and trying to figure out what to do with our relationship. 


After several hours of talking and me apologising, we kind of made up. For the next week we were acting coupley again. Everything seemed to be fine until he then woke me up in the middle of the night and said 'I'm so angry at you. We're breaking up. You can find your own way around (Asia, with 3 weeks of holiday still planned)'. 

We broke up on Facebook (big mistake). All of our friends and family were really upset and confused. He had told all of his friends what had happened and they agreed that I was a bitch and told him they wouldn't let him go back on his decision.

We made up again and were great for the last few weeks. He decided to extend his holiday another 5 weeks, so now I'm at home and he's over there. He is still really upset about what happened, and believes that I cheated on him and that what I did was pretty much unforgivable. I understand that what I did was wrong and I am still very sorry that it happened, but he is making me feel absolutely horrible about it. Furthermore, he lied to me three times about what had actually happened with the girl at the party. After he told me that she tried to kiss him and he rejected her, he told me that he ‘couldn’t stand to lie to me’ and that he actually tried to kiss her, but she rejected him. This made me really upset as he had been making me feel extremely guilty about what I had done. He later changed his story back to the original, and said he was only trying to make me feel better but then he realised that that was stupid and that I should feel bad. Only yesterday did he admit that he did try to kiss her and she didn’t want to, and that later she tried but he didn’t want to. He feels that because he considers what I had done to be so bad, that he is excused from anything he does. For example, lying to me about this and telling me that he is too good for me and that I don’t deserve him.


We both really don’t know what to do now. We love each other a lot, but he is still really upset about what happened. Furthermore, he is worried that I’ll leave him in the near future and want to live out my single life. For me, what I did actually fixed my problems. I realised that the ‘single life’ really doesn’t matter to me anymore, and that I really just want to be with my boyfriend for as long as we love each other. I’m not stressing about not living my life fully as I’m just happy with being happy for now.


What I really want to know is if what I did should be considered cheating, and whether or not he should be as angry at me as he is. I really wish this never happened but I’ve been trying to make it up to him every day. We think the time apart will do us good, but we’re both still unsure as to whether we should spend this time missing one another, or trying to get over our relationship. What do we do?


**TL;DR - Boyfriend and I agreed to be with other people for one night, I hooked up with a guy but my bf didn’t as he decided he ‘didn’t want to cheat on me’. He’s still really upset and not sure whether he can get over this. Both still unsure as to what to do with our relationship now.**


**EDIT: While he originally wanted a break in one of our first fights, it was 100% my idea on the night. He just went along with it because he thought he had no other choice.**

Summary:
We were both really upset and trying to figure out what to do with our relationship.
We love each other a lot, but he is still really upset about what happened.
We both really don’t know what to do now.
He said 'you can fuck 10 guys if you want, I really don't care'.
For me, what I did actually fixed my problems.
He’s still really upset and not sure whether he can get over this.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
