Original Response:
Just like any other story, there is a lot to this. I will try as best as I can to keep it as concise as possible.

I am a 32(M) and my gf is 35. We basically started seeing each other in May of 2010. I was just coming off of a bad breakup with my ex-fiance at the time and I was very lonely and depressed.

She (we'll call her Leigh)  has actually been my sister's friend for a very long time. I never knew her too well, but I would've consider her an acquaintance before we started seeing each other. Well, we basically ended up going out for a lunch once day and it turned into a 9-hour long date. It was great and we we're both feeling the chemistry immediately.

Sparks turned into flames and we fell in love pretty quickly. Things were moving faster than I really wanted, so in Sept of 2010, I put the brakes on and told her I needed some time to myself. There is a lot to this decision which include the facts that I am a bit insecure, self-conscious, prone to depression, and wasn't completely healed from my ex-fiance. I basically wanted to fix myself before I continued on with a serious relationship with Leigh.

It was a rough time for me, but I finally picked myself off and started doing the things I needed to do to help myself. We eventually started talking again and amazingly, she let me back into her life in Jan/Feb of 2011. Things picked up where they ended up in Oct and we were both happy together again.

Months went by and everything was great. Eventually, we decided to live together, so she and her two kids (daughter age 10 and son age 15) moved into my house in Aug of 2011. Now, this was a big move for her because it's about 45 minutes away from where she was. She lived in the city and I live in the suburbs. Her job is an hour away from my house (on a good day), but she didn't care about the commute (or so she thought). It's also a lot to move your kids away from their friends/family, but everything was working out at first.

Problems started (even before she moved in) when I would ask her questions about past relationships...I'm the kind of person that likes to know everything about someone, so I ask a lot of questions. She is more secretive and doesn't like to talk about her past. Her ex-bf started creating trouble for us ever since we started seeing each other again in Feb of 2011. They were together for 5 years on/off (he's not the father of either of the children). He always managed to come up somehow...like he was calling/texting/emailing her about something. Ever since I found that out, I started getting paranoid/worried, so I would ask a lot about him. It turns out, they were talking a lot when we weren't seeing each other for that period of time, but they weren't seeing each other supposedly.

So, in Sept/Oct she started to seem more distant from me and things just didn't feel right anymore. I would try to talk to her all the time, but I would just end up aggravating her because she didn't want to talk, and I insisted that we do. She would just tell me that I was always pushing her to talk and making her uncomfortable and I think the commute was taking a toll on her too.

During this time, she was texting on her phone a lot more...I mean constantly. It was driving me crazy, so I would confront her about it and she would just get mad and tell me to stop being nosy. She even came home one day from work upset and crying and she would not talk to me about it. This behavior carried on for awhile and I just felt miserable inside. I fell so in love with this woman and now I was just so unsure of what was happening.

The night after Thanksgiving, she was going out to one of her friend's parties and didn't even ask if I wanted to go. I wasn't suspicious, but after 2:00 am I didn't hear from her and tried to call her....her phone was off. I kept calling and her phone wasn't back on until almost 5am. She didn't come home until 6am. she said she had too much to drink and had to stay on the friend's couch to sleep it off. She also said she had no idea why her phone was off.

In Dec 2011, I let my fears get the worst of me and went through her phone while she was asleep. My fears were kind of realized because I was reading texts to/from her friends how she still had feeling for her ex and stuff like that. There was also a ton of texts to/from a phone number that did not have any name associated with it...it was in the same area code of the city she used to live in. Texts to this number included things like "you make me feel so good" and "Hi baby!" and talk about sex...It was 3am when I was reading this stuff and my hands were shaking, so it was hard to make sense of any of it.

I woke her up in the middle of the night to confront her about it, but she ended up just getting extremely pissed at me for going through her phone. She took my phone and broke it and then said she was leaving.

After things settled for a bit, I tried to talk to her to understand what was going on. She said the number was a random number that she got from a chat room just to have someone to get relationship advice from...and a lot of other BS. I did not accept her story, so I did some detective work. I found out the number she was texting was her ex. When I confronted her about that, she said she didn't know and gave me a whole other line of BS. She swore to me that she was not seeing him or anything like that.

A few weeks later, she was on the computer and I was walking by. I saw a tab open for hotel room reservations. I gave her a look, and then turned around for a second, walked back by her, and the tab was closed. I asked her about this and she denied anything having to do with hotel reservations. Later, she said if I must know, she was planning on taking her daughter to the city in a nice hotel for new years since she never really gets to do much with her and her daughter.

At this point, my mind was just going crazy and my heart was constantly in pain. I didn't believe anything she was saying anymore, so I put a keylogger on the computer and starting snooping through her email/facebook. What I found broke my heart even more. She was also emailing her ex a lot with things that were personal/intimate/lvuy-dovy/etc...One message said how he is the love of her life and she would drop everything to be with him if she could, but that it's not realistic. There's a whole lot more regarding messages I've read, but this sums it up.

I also found queries to hotel rooms on new years eve requesting joining rooms. I asked her about this and she said she wanted her daughter to have her own room....which made no sense to me at all.

I also found out then even as recent as xmas, she still had her ex's number in her phone, but listed under a fake entry so it would show up as a woman...when confronted about this, she said that her phone is messed up and does this all the time...more BS.

She has constantly told me that she has not been texting him or seeing him and hasn't communicated with him and it's not a big deal. She has been unsure if she wanted to stay together (with me) for awhile because of ways that I am, and not anything to do with her ex....or at least this is what she has been telling me.

We are trying to work things out right now, but she has this barrier up and she feels so distant from me. I feel very unloved and deceived and I find it hard to trust her at all about anything now. I worry everyday if she is seeing her ex at lunch or texting him. I eavesdrop on her phone conversations just out of fear. I'm such a mess right now and I have no idea what to do. I love her soooo much and I don't want to lose her. I would do anything to be with her including enduring this pain. I still hold on to hope that things can be like they once were between us...I mean, we were very much in love. She moved her life all the way out here to be with me and that alone is a testament to her love....although, I'm sure she regrets it. We were probably better off not living together, but it's too late for that.I don't know what to do, I don't know what to think. I don't know if my trust for her will ever be regained and I don't know if I will ever know the truth. I need some guidance.

TL;DR: I caught my g/f (who, with her two kids, lives with me) texting, emailing, talking to her ex which she still has feelings for...and he is still in love with her. I'm not sure if she has been seeing him, but my heart is broken and I don't know what to do.

Edit: Thank you all for your brutal but honest advice! These responses have been a tremendous help with putting me in the right mindset to help me make a decision. A lot of this pain is definitely from sitting on the fence and being unsure if I can let go. Please, keep the advice coming as I will keep responding and re-reading this thread for strength and confidence in my decision to remove her from my life, as hard as it will be.

Summary:
I found out the number she was texting was her ex.
She also said she had no idea why her phone was off.
She swore to me that she was not seeing him or anything like that.
I don't know if my trust for her will ever be regained and I don't know if I will ever know the truth.
I would do anything to be with her including enduring this pain.
She lived in the city and I live in the suburbs.
I asked her about this and she denied anything having to do with hotel reservations.
I'm such a mess right now and I have no idea what to do.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
