Original Response:
Hey there, this has quit a bit of back story so I apologise in advance if this reads something like a novel. We both go to the same uni and usually hang out every Sunday. I have known her for about 8 months now but this has all only happened in the past 3 months.

The short version of this whole mess is that I started Uni last year and met a girl, we get on great and hang out all the time, I was pretty attracted to her but assumed I was just a friend. One drunken night we kissed which I took as just that, a drunken kiss. Two days later we kissed again, sober though she claims she was tired and doesn't really remember that happening all too well. Had a chat about it to clear the air which was strange. Got talking about the possibility of it going somewhere which didn't seem likely as she was considering working out of the country after this year was up, she said she didn't really want to mess around either which is fair. It got cold and she decided she wanted to come back to mine then proceeded to watch a film and cuddle in to me for all of it.

Confusing.

Next significant time she came round and ended up staying over night and things got a bit heated during the night, no sex or anything, just some very intense kissing / touching. Cue another weird conversation in the morning about how she doesn't want to get distracted from her training / uni work but I was making it hard not to and we shouldn't be left alone together in a room because of that...

Next weekend hangout time I decided a film was a bad idea because of all this previous stuff so I suggested we go a walk, walked around the city for hours and had a great day. Kissed her forehead after I walked her home to which she said I was "Rubbish" then ran away, so chased after her and kissed her properly and she kissed me back. Went home and she asked me to come back round later in the evening to fix her iPod, as I was leaving this time we ended up on the floor in her hall making out but it got cut short (felt like it was going further) because her flatmates turned up! Cue ANOTHER chat about it all which suggested that she was quite in to all of this and was happy to continue seeing me for as long as she stayed in the country. Success!

By this point the on and off is a bit strange but it looks overall like it may well be going some where.

Yesterday we spent all day in the park at a friends birthday party and later in the evening the two of us went on another walk, easily the most fun I've had with her yet, I didn't make a move the whole day and when we eventually got back to hers about 00:30 she asked if I wanted to stay instead of walking home (I live a 5minute walk away). I figured this was a good sign. So we got in to bed and went to put my arms around her to which she said "bad idea", I figured she was making a joke about it leading to something else which she has done before so thought nothing more of it. Ten minutes pass and nothing is going on, I'm lying on one side, she is faced away from me on the other and keeps asking me what I'm thinking. At this point I reckon I have nothing to lose so I say "I am thinking you should kiss me". She laughs and says "No" but it sounds jokingly. Silence. Oh great. She then turns round and asks if I was kidding, which of course I tell her I wasn't and that I have been thinking the whole evening that she should kiss me. Then in a serious tone she says, "That wasn't why I asked if you wanted to stay, it was just so you didn't have to walk home, besides, friends don't kiss do they?". At this point I have no answer, so mumble "No I guess not" and she turns away again.

Not really sure what to do at this stage so I turn away from her and try to get some sleep, pretty confused and annoyed. She then continues to ask if I am okay, which I reply that of course I am. An hour or so passes and I'm wide awake still trying to work out what the hell is going on. She pushes her back up against me and asks me to put my arms around her which I do. Again feeling quite confused. Another hour or so passes with her occasionally moving about against me to get comfy. Feeling a bit uncomfortable now, just kind of want to go home. She wakes up about half an hour later and asks if I'm okay, I tell her I'm fine but I'm going to head home. When I leave she walks me to the door and just stands there as I hug her and say goodnight. No reciprocation. As soon as I move away she closes the door and locks it so I head home and don't sleep. This morning she txt me to say she was worried about me after I left and didn't sleep and that she is there for me if I ever want to talk about anything, the message has an extra kiss at the end which I know was probably irrelevant but she has never added extra in the whole time I have known her.

Sorry for the length of that. I am just really confused about what is going on here and could do with some advice from an outside point of view. The trouble being that we go to the same uni, it's pretty small and I see her every single day without fail and usually train with her to. I'm starting to feel things for her so I figure backing off and keeping distance might be a good idea if she doesn't want anything more than just friendship which it looks like.

 **tl;dr She is hot one minute and cold the next and I have no idea what is going on.**

Summary:
She pushes her back up against me and asks me to put my arms around her which I do.
Feeling a bit uncomfortable now, just kind of want to go home.
**tl;dr She is hot one minute and cold the next and I have no idea what is going on.
I figured this was a good sign.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
