Original Response:
**TL;DR: My mother is mentally ill, no one near her will force her to get help, she doesn't want to help herself, and even her psychiatrist just throws pills at her that she is addicted to. Is it unfair for me to cut off contact for my own mental health, and do you think that decision will be regrettable?**

My mother has BPD. My entire life has been a rollercoaster where one day she absolutely adores me and I am her pride and joy, and the next day she declares I am not her daughter. She has been abusing prescription psychiatric medication for years, but unfortunately has never actually been consistently treated for BPD.

Recently her impulsiveness and inability to understand consequences has landed her in huge legal trouble, and she has been working through this the last few months. Prior to this her husband left her for another man. I can only imagine how painful it must be for someone with BPD to deal with this, it would be difficult for even a mentally healthy person.

I live in a different city with my husband(M28)(we made the decision to move in large part due to the fact that I needed to get away from the toxic environment my family created). I have recently started therapy and am starting to accept and grieve the fact that I will never have a real relationship with my mom.

In the last two days she has gone off the rails completely, after I drove 6 hours just to spend a few hours with her on mother's day. It's like the more love and support I try to give her, the more she rejects me. On Monday she called me just to ask me if I had sold some items she gave me to sell(she doesn't work but needs money to pay her lawyer, even though she just told me Sunday she got $7000 for some jewelry she sold). I told her I would be shipping them out the next day, but that if it would help her feel better I would wire her $1000 instead of waiting for the payment on the items, even though the items are worth less than that. I could tell she was distressed, however irrationally, and just wanted to help.

She would only keep repeating that no one would help her. I repeated that I would send her the money and I was trying to help her, and I also named the ways a few others have been helping her. This upset her more, and we ended the conversation on a bad note when she hung up on me.

The next day I called her to let her know that I'd shipped the items and the money would arrive in a few days. She didn't pick up and then called me back, in the middle of some kind of breakdown. She could only repeat that everyone hated her and she hated everyone, that I was horrible daughter because I am in therapy getting help for my issues(my mistake for telling her, right?), that I don't love her, that she should just die, that she was locked in her room and purposely skipping her parole checkin so she'd get arrested since no one cares, etc. This was very painful but it's not the first time this has happened in my life. Using the tools I've learned in therapy I was able to stay mostly calm while reassuring her, until I replaced my usual reaction of sadness with anger, told her a few choice words, and hung up on her.

I called my grandmother who lives with her to see if she was okay, and she was hiding out at a relative's house. Apparently the night before my mother had tricked my grandmother into going outside and locked her out of the house in the middle of the night, saying that my grandmother made me hate her. My grandmother emotionally abused me as a child, and my mom knows this. Most of the time she doesn't care and actively ignores that it ever happened, but I assume it was related to that. I told my grandmother that it sounded like my mother was a danger to herself and others(she often violently lashes out in these states and was talking suicidally), and asked that she call the police. I reminded her of times as a child when I saw my mom attack her and try to strangle or stab her.

This went back and forth for a while, I called my mother's attorney to find out the effect calling the cops would have on her upcoming sentencing, etc. My grandmother agreed to call the cops, and later agreed that my mom needed to be committed and she would make sure it happened by having some relatives over to talk to her and do it involuntarily if needed. I'm sorry if it doesn't sound like she needs to be committed from this post, there is just not enough time or space to type out all that my mom has done.

Today I called my grandmother to see how things were going, she said "everything is fine, your mom is calm." I asked when they were taking her to get evaluated and she said that wasn't happening. My mom then took the phone from her and cursed me out for "threatening to call the cops on her," which I didn't react to and then my grandmother took the phone back and blamed me for making my mom cry. Something snapped in me at that moment and I decided I couldn't do this with them any longer. I told my grandmother not to contact me again and hung up.

I feel that I need to not be involved with my family anymore, because I can't take watching my mom self destruct anymore. I am just looking for advice on whether cutting off contact is too extreme, because I don't know what other options I have right now.

Summary:
I told my grandmother not to contact me again and hung up.
My grandmother emotionally abused me as a child, and my mom knows this.
I called my grandmother who lives with her to see if she was okay, and she was hiding out at a relative's house.
I asked when they were taking her to get evaluated and she said that wasn't happening.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
