Original Response:
My boyfriend and I have been dating for two years and are about to graduate from college next month. We both go to school together and we both want to be in the same big city near our respective homes when we start working full-time.

Thing is, I already have a job (I'm going into public accounting and it pays well, and I am going to be in the city of my dreams so although it's not my dream job, it's pretty close). He majored in English and wants to work in the sports industry. Here's where it gets delicate and I don't know how to say anything without sounding arrogant or that I think I'm "better" than him--because I don't. But I need advice because I am at my wit's end. Ever since the start of our relationship, I've noticed that he's not the hardest worker, and doesn't apply himself to his full potential. He transferred from the city college to our state school after three years, so even though he graduated one year before me from high school, we are graduating together from college. At our school, being a "fifth year senior" is kind of...shall we say...embarrassing, especially for an English major (which is one of the "easier" majors). He gets mediocre grades and doesn't exactly apply himself in class/his studies. This is compared to myself; I've always gotten straight A's throughout elementary all the way through high school, and have maintained a really strong GPA in college. This didn't bother me over the past two years because I was truly in love with him for all of the other things that I saw in him-- he's kind to me, has a great sense of humor, keeps me grounded/sane, we have a lot of the same interests, he has a great family who I love, the list goes on.

Let me be a bit more clear about our school situation right now. We're on the quarter system, so we technically finished our coursework in March, and are "walking" in June at graduation. This quarter, from the months of April to June, we are both living at school still--me to finish up some credits, and study for a big accounting exam and him because he's taking a few courses for a certificate. Before the quarter started, he told me he'd be spending every day working (3 hours a day) and applying for jobs, with hopefully time to spare for interviews. 

But it's already week 6 out of 10 in the quarter and he hasn't even finished his cover letter. He hasn't even applied to one job. The only interview he's gone on is one with his a company that his close relative works for, which said relative got him. He basically got rejected from the first interview and his relative had to demand a reinterview, which he went to last week and still felt unconfident coming out of. 

Ever since that interview last week, he's been extremely down on himself. A couple quotes... "I'm mediocre, I do mediocre things." "You should just break up with me now." I realize that these things were said out of wanting attention or sympathy. And I really do sympathize with him for not having a job when a lot of our friends already do or at least know what they're doing with our lives. But it's also really hard for me when I know he doesn't fully apply himself. For example, when he should be job hunting/researching/drafting his letter, he's building his fantasy baseball teams or watching baseball games. 

Lately, I'm sure because of the stress of it all, he's been really irritable and easily angered.  We went out to dinner/grocery shopping tonight and I swear all he did was bitch and complain the whole time about everything imaginable. He has always said that he has a hard time controlling his emotions and not taking out his frustrations on me, but I've never really noticed it until now, which I'm sure is due to the stress and anxiety he is under. I'm really trying to be a supportive girlfriend and help him to the best of my ability. I have helped him write his resume, draft cover letters, researched companies with him, reached out to friends to help him find something, but I also have my own things to focus on. 

I think his lack of motivation is majorly turning me off right now. I want to be with someone who I can see a future with, and at this point I feel like (for example, if we were to get married) I'll have to support him financially. I also can't help but think that he's depressed. Or his fear of failure is preventing him from putting himself out there, and he keeps delaying it. Basically, our relationship has been really rocky this past quarter, save for a couple weekend trips that we've taken which were amazing, but every time we have to get back to the "real world" (studying for me, job search for him), it feels like the end. Not to mention that I just went to a wedding with his family (who I LOVE) and I feel that there are so many people we could disappoint if we were to end things. I feel like this whole post has been one long ramble but it's kind of how this relationship is starting to feel...like we're dragging it out. 

I've lost sight of why we're in a relationship to be honest. Sometimes I'll have small glimpses where he's totally sweet and fun and loving, and we have our great moments together, but the rest of the time is bitter, bickering, and unpleasant. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO. Help me. Should we try to work through this? How do I support him without being overbearing about him having to find a job (I so badly want him to have the well-paying, stable job that he wants, YES for selfish reasons too but also because I want to see him happy again)? And if not, how do we break up without it being a complete and utter disaster? We both have things to focus on right now and I feel like a breakup would mean chaos. After all, it's been two years full of love and fun. Is it worth it to throw it all away, even if I'm feeling like this? 

Edit: forgot the tl;dr. Boyfriend and I have been dating for two years and are about to graduate. I have a full-time job lined up and he doesn't. The stress of it all is wearing on him and on our relationship, and his lack of motivation and drive is majorly turning me off. But there is a lot riding on the relationship and it seems like a waste to throw it all away. It's not like there's someone else...

Summary:
He hasn't even applied to one job.
But it's also really hard for me when I know he doesn't fully apply himself.
I have a full-time job lined up and he doesn't.
I also can't help but think that he's depressed.
I think his lack of motivation is majorly turning me off right now.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
