Original Response:
Sorry for the long write up here, but I am pretty confused right now as to what has occurred over the past few days. I (M24) met a girl (F24) a few weeks ago through mutual friends.  She’s a graduate student and knows where she is going in life and is very mature for her age. We hit it off pretty much on the first date and spent over 4 hours having a few drinks and just going back and forth about everything.


__
The second date went even better than the first. We went mini golfing, then to Froyo where we talked for almost 2 hours. After we drove back to get her car from the mini golf place we ended up going across the street and kissing, etc. for a while. Again, the date ended very well.


__
For the third date I picked her up from school.  We went to a nice restaurant, had a great romantic meal and laughed and talked the entire time. I then drove her home and met her mom, which we talked for about ten minutes and I got a good “vibe” from her. After her mom went to bed we talked for a while and then ended up having sex. Sex was incredible and the night ended well.


__
A few days later she invited me over to her house making the meal of MY CHOICE. I of course brought two great wines of her favorite type to go with the meal. The meal was delicious. Good conversation the entire time including when we got back. Ended up having sex again.


__
Two nights later she had me over to meet some close friends for snacks, drinks, and various board games.  Things went pretty good overall, the friends generally seemed cool and we all laughed throughout the night. A couple hours after midnight some of her friends began to crash out, so we went to her bedroom and talked/kissed and went to sleep.


__
Few days later for our 5th date I was going to take her out for drinks because she aced her last final of her first year of grad school. She ended up not getting out of her internship until a couple hours later than expected so she recommended that we just hang out at her house and have some drinks there. After we had drank some and were talking on the couch I told her that I wanted to be in a relationship with her. She told me at this time that her last long term relationship ended a few months ago. I had no idea up until this point that it ended so recently. The reason she ended the relationship with her last bf was because he did not want to get married, have kids so she felt there really was no future with him. I told her that I was okay with not getting in a relationship right now and just continue to see where this goes. We talked for some time about relationships, etc. We ended up having sex again, for another fairly great end to our little night.


__
The afternoon the next day she messaged me that her friend had canceled on plans to hang out with her after her internship and asked if I would like to come over and watch a movie. I did and we went to pick out a movie. Somehow we ended up picking up a movie that had direct parallels to her last relationship. It was supposed to be a comedy but it got pretty serious. Literally 80 percent through the movie she gets a weird look on her face and goes this movie is terrible I don’t think I can watch it. I agree with her and we shut it off. She then tells me that it’s reminding her of her last relationship. At this point I’m thinking uh-oh, we have been holding hands the whole movie, things going relatively well and then this. We go downstairs and she tells me that she told her mom earlier that night about what we had talked about the previous night, with her not being ready to be in a relationship. Her mom apparently said that she needs time to be single and learn to live like that for a while. She also told her to “be careful” with regard to me, which I took to mean be careful not to hurt me. When she told her mom I was coming back over that night, she said her mom rolled her eyes. I again reassured her that I was fine just keeping things the way they are, not jumping into a relationship just yet.


The next day we only sent a few texts, which was definitely less than usual but I figured that she was just busy.

On the 3rd I texted her Good morning! and she didn’t respond until that evening with basically:

Sorry I haven’t been talking to you as much. I realized I need more time being by myself. I’m not ready for a relationship like I thought I was. I am sorry to disappoint you :(

I responded saying that she has yet to disappoint me. That I understand that she needs more time. And also that knowing that we both like each other, I’d hate to see something possibly great for both of us thrown away just because she needs time.

She then said sorry if she’s “mia” for a while but she needs time to herself and to focus on stuff other than a relationship.

I clarified if she doesn’t want to hang out or talk at all and she said she does but that she just wants a “breather for a bit”.

I told her “Okay. That’s fine just give me a call whenever you’re ready”

She said OK. Thanks for being so understanding. It’s not like I just wanna stop talking completely but I think you know what I mean.

I actually don’t know what she means by that but I figured I would give it a week off from talking to her and see if she comes to her senses after a cool off period.

What are my fellow redditor’s thoughts on this? I’m sorry if this is fragmented, this is my first ever post about something like this.

TLDR: Met awesome girl that got out of a LTR a few months ago and suddenly changed her mind about wanting to be in a relationship. What is the deal?

Summary:
I did and we went to pick out a movie.
We talked for some time about relationships, etc.
Ended up having sex again.
After her mom went to bed we talked for a while and then ended up having sex.
She told me at this time that her last long term relationship ended a few months ago.
That I understand that she needs more time.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
