Original Response:
I'm on my phone so I apologize in advance for formatting. 


I met my friend (let's call her Meg) after my nasty break up in December. We originally didn't like each other due to small town rumors, but after hanging out we hit it off and are now very close. She's a lot like me personality wise and we even get asked if we are related sometimes. 


My SO and I met through a mutual friend two months ago. He wasn't my type originally, and I wasn't into him at all. After hanging out a few times, I started to fall for him. We have been officially together for about a week now. We will call him Josh. 


When Josh and I first started hanging out, I was told by our mutual friend that Meg was obsessed with him. As the mutual friend isn't fan of Meg, I took it as usual shit talk. Meg also had an on and off FWB who she was currently on with at the time, so I didn't think much of it. This was when Meg and I were acquaintances, about two months ago. 


Two weeks ago Meg had no clue about Josh and I. I told her about us three days before we became official, as he was a FWB and we were on the DL due to my previous ex and the fact that we live in a very small town. Even though Meg and I are very close and get along well, we have only been seriously hanging out for about a month now. When Meg found out Josh and I were hooking up, she was floored. The first thing out of her mouth was, "I was supposed to date him!" she then proceeded to tell me about how they had talked and were supposed to hang a few times, but her FWB found out and didn't like it, so she stopped talking to Josh. 


Josh told me that he and Meg had talked a few times around four months ago, but never ended up hanging out and he lost interest when he found out how in love she is with her FWB. By the time Meg and her FWB fell out again and she contacted Josh, he had started talking to and hanging out with me, and told her he wasn't interested in her anymore. (she didn't know I was the girl he was seeing, just that he was seeing someone.)


Now that Josh and I are official, it has stirred up some pretty intense reactions from Meg. I am a very easily jealous person, and even though I love Meg and our friendship, the things she has been saying and doing are really starting to bother me. For example... 


Last Friday morning Meg and her FWB (who are back together and possibly getting more "serious") invited Josh and I on a weekend camping trip. Meg texted me and asked me if we wanted to come. Josh and I had an all day event on Saturday, so I said that we would come out Friday night to visit but would not be staying. She was upset that we wouldn't be participating in the first camping trip of the year, and begged me to stay. I said "I know Josh won't want to stay the night due to the event in the morning, but we would love to swing by and say hi to everyone" she responded with "I will ask him :)" that bothered me right off the bat. Josh and I were also texting at the time, and I knew for a fact he wouldn't want to stay as that's what he had told me. She texts him, and he gives her the same answer I did. 


That night, we arrived at the campsite where there was a fire and friends. We hung out for a bit, and something happened between Meg and her FWB that left her crying and hyperventilating.  I took her on a walk so she could talk. She told me what had happened, and then ended with "I could tell Josh was really concerned for me. He looked at me when I walked back up to the fire, and saw that I was upset, and looked like he wanted to ask if I was okay, you know?" I just nodded and said that Yeah, everyone wanted to make sure she was okay. She then hit me with "things are always gonna be weird between Josh and I. We never gave us a chance, so we have unfinished business. Kind of like sexual tension, you know?" I was so shocked, I just told her I understood. I'm usually a very outspoken person, but her bluntness was too much for me. She told me that "it is obvious that he did and still really does like me, and I sort of broke his heart in a way by not giving him a chance. I won't steal him from you or anything, but I just want you to know that if all of us are ever hanging out and it's weird for some reason, it's because we have unfinished business." i told her that everyone was probably wondering where we were and headed back to the fire. 


On Sunday afternoon Josh went to pick up a kitten in a different town for his niece. While he was gone, I went and hung out with Meg and her FWB.  When he got back he met up with all of us. Meg instantly was on him about the kitten. She was visibly upset that he had only sent me a picture of the kitten and not her as well. Josh just shrugged and said that he didn't think about sending Meg a picture, but of course he was going to send one to his girlfriend. We left shortly after and he and I discussed the situation. I've constantly kept him updated on the things she has said, and he has assured me that he isn't interested in her. He thinks it's funny, but I can tell he's a little irritated too because of how she acts and how he knows it upsets me. 


Later Sunday night Meg and I were talking about how when you like someone, you notice and adore every little thing they do. I mentioned loving the look on Josh's face when he does something he enjoys or talks about something that irritates him. She replies "Yeah, I love the look he gets too. I always notice how he reacts to things."  i wasn't sure how to respond, so I moved the conversation elsewhere. 


These were just the events from this past weekend, but the weekend before she did some other things that bothered me as well (about three days before we became official, after I told her we were FWB). We were at a party on Saturday and when he went to leave, he gave me a kiss and hug goodbye. Meg noticed and ran up to him, and demanded a goodbye as well. So he smiled and said "goodbye Meg".  She looked frustrated and said "I need a goodbye hug too!" she then launched herself at him and wrapped her arms around his neck so that she was hugging/hanging off of him. Later that night she told me that Josh and I shouldn't get official because he wasn't right for me. I hadn't planned on becoming his girlfriend so soon after, but he asked and I accepted. 


I know there are a few more things that she's done to bother me in the last two weeks, but I don't remember them right now. I guess I don't know what to do. Meg and I haven't been friends very long, so I don't necessarily feel justified in chewing her out for doing and saying the things she does. Josh and I haven't been together for long, but I really like him and don't want to let Meg potentially ruin what we have. I want to maintain my relationships with both Josh and Meg without hurting either of them. 

TL;DR; my friend is obsessed with my boyfriend and her inappropriate behavior is bringing out my jealous side.

Summary:
We will call him Josh.
Meg texted me and asked me if we wanted to come.
Later that night she told me that Josh and I shouldn't get official because he wasn't right for me.
Meg also had an on and off FWB who she was currently on with at the time, so I didn't think much of it.
When Meg found out Josh and I were hooking up, she was floored.
She then hit me with "things are always gonna be weird between Josh and I.
She replies "Yeah, I love the look he gets too.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
