Original Response:
I have been dating my girlfriend for coming up on 6 months. I am 26, her; 27. I am going to be very blunt about things that I've been real with myself on recently so I hope it doesn't shine too much of a negative light on my own personality.

We met on an online dating service. Our initial attraction came when we realized we were on the same intellectual level. I know this isn't the best thing for me to say but she isn't the most physically attractive girl I've dated. That being said, she is still good-looking to me because I do believe that there has to be some physical attraction for relationships to work. She has a very strong personality. While at first that was a plus, it has since become a negative (I will get more in to that later). Down the line I found out she has bipolar disorder and is on medication for it. I had a girlfriend who was bipolar before and the relationship lasted 2 years so I know what I was getting into. She is very artistic and loves baseball. I am not very artistic and I love football. I learned about a month in to the relationship that she lost her father when she was around 21 years old. I have a very large family which constantly gathers for dinners and holidays. She is in a family where they only really meet on the big holidays and there is a lot of drama between aunts and uncles. Needless to say, I am very family oriented and she is not. She is still in school and will probably be so for another 2 years. I graduated a year ago and am currently having difficulty finding a steady career.

Now that I've given brief summaries of both her and myself, I'm going to talk about the things that have happened over the past few months. Some things are one time incidents, but others are trends that I've begun noticing.

Like most people, she was very hesitant to meet my family. When she did there was a constant battle with her to actually convince her that my parents like her and that my step-brothers and sister do as well. It seemed to become more and more common that she would say things like 'oh well your grandparents don't even like me', when she's only met them once and we had a good time out with them. Now it has gotten to the point where she will try to avoid my family gatherings because she 'feels awkward'. Just yesterday we got in to a big argument because we had plans to go get frozen yogurt at 2, her homework ran late so she couldn't get to my house until 3:30, and I had a family dinner at 5:30. I, going off the original plan, said that I would be able to make the family dinner. She let me know at 2 that she could only get to my house at 3:30. Then it was 'my fault' that we had to rush to get froyo. This might not sound like a very big argument to some, but imagine 4 months (the first 2 didn't have too much arguing) of these types of fights building up on themselves. I told her I was thinking about ending our relationship. After more fighting we ended on going to get froyo and I would be a few minutes late for my family dinner. When we got back from our outing I told her to at least come in and say hi to my family. She said 'no because then I will be guilted in to staying and I have homework I need to do.' I promised her it wouldn't happen and that they would appreciate the sentiment of her at least saying hello. She refused and left to go home. The first thing that happened when I walked in the door was that my step-mom asked where she was and looked disappointed that she didn't come in and say hi. I had to cover for her and say she had an online test that she had to get home for that was in between very specific hours.

That is the most recent incident and I just wanted to give you all a brief look into what goes on before I ask for advice. Other things that have happened is that she says she doesn't feel appreciated (2 days after I took her out to get ice cream, dave and busters, and sea food for dinner). She is not a football fan but I have been trying to get her involved with it. When we watch the games I explain things to her and help her if she has a question. Sometimes I will tell her something that she did know already and she will get very offended by it saying things like 'you make me feel so stupid, I already know that'. When it comes to baseball season, she doesn't help me with the sport that I am less familiar with. Whenever I try to talk to her about it or tell her a score to a game she gets offended again 'I know that' as if I was questioning her fanhood and not simply trying to bring up conversation. She claims that she 'can't bring me to games with her because she wouldn't be able to have an intellectual conversation about the game with her because I don't know the players and their stats'. I have no problem bringing her to a football game and explaining the players and their stats to her. That is exciting and fun for me. (I should probably note that I have a teacher's certification and she is a history major) She not only is weird about my family, but she also thinks all of my friends hate her because they don't contact her all the time. She is very opinionated about them and bad-mouths two of my long time friends (who arguably have low moral standards). She refuses to go to parties that are thrown and I am constantly showing up to the questions "Where is your girlfriend? We haven't seen her in months!"

Another thing that has occurred recently is that she found a poem I wrote for one of my ex's a few years back and questioned me about it. "How come you never wrote something for me?" I honestly haven't because I feel like she would just correct the grammar and make me feel dumb.

Now, we've been having issues for a while, but she still talks about marriage and kids and moving in together. I find myself questioning whether it's what I really want or not.

I know I've given most of the bad things with our relationship. There is some good. She is very fun to talk to if it isn't in a debate format. She is very elitist and will attack me verbally if my viewpoint differs from hers or if I don't know what she is talking about. The simple fact that I was going to try and point out good things right there and it turned in to a negative also is telling me things.

/r/relationships, help me out. Is this relationship worth trying to see if she changes or sorting things out? I do care about her and her feelings. I want her to be happy and lead a successful life but I am really having doubts about the two of us. I know it would crush her if we broke up as well.

What should I do? (and I am very open with her and we have discussed this all already. Communication isn't our problem)

TL;DR - My girlfriend and I have been fighting for the past 4 months. I don't know whether to try and work through our issues or to go separate ways.

Summary:
I know I've given most of the bad things with our relationship.
I do care about her and her feelings.
She is not a football fan but I have been trying to get her involved with it.
I have been dating my girlfriend for coming up on 6 months.
Needless to say, I am very family oriented and she is not.
When we watch the games I explain things to her and help her if she has a question.
After more fighting we ended on going to get froyo and I would be a few minutes late for my family dinner.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
