Original Response:
EDIT: this is really long but I really need help because I feel like I don't have anyone to talk to about this.

My girlfriend and I have been together for about 5 years, and at the beginning it was unreal. She was so kind and supportive and really did anything to be around me and I thought that I had finally found the true love of my life. We do everything together, and I love her family and we have the exact same group of friends. We have aways had really good communication and have been able to voice what's going on very openly so that we make sure we are both happy.

About 2 years into the relationship, I started noticing her getting shorter and meaner over the small things which left me feeling inadequate and incapable of making her happy. We talked about it and promised to work on it, but these situations kept arising. 

About 2.5 years in, we made the transition to a new school and because it was so last minute we moved into 2 bedrooms of a house with our friends. Overall things seemed to be going well but there was still the common them of poor interaction and communicating promises to work on those Things. Our intimacy was at an all time high but after intercourse or anything, she would always feel awful (really strict religious upbringing, felt like her parents would be mad, like we were doing something wrong), so we stopped having sex and limited to hooking up (making out, occasional oral).

Around this time my career path changed as I found a way to pursue my entrepreneurial dreams. And despite the future of graduating with a ton of debt, I knew I should pursue it. She was very supportive of me starting it and helped in every way but there was still so much negative interaction. I continued sweeping it under the rug because we were truly in love and have dreams and a future and plans and everything. 

At 3 years of dating and appearing happy and being everyone's favorite couple, we started getting asked all of the time when we were getting married. In my mind, despite emotional turmoil about 15-20% of the time, it was a sure thing. 

She graduated and moved home to work for her mom. I still had a half a year of school to finish. I spent all of my time driving back and forth to her house, working, and trying to finish school. So much pressure was building up from all angles to pursue marriage and a future. 

She kept telling me that I wasn't proposing to her because we had sex and I had no reason to want a future because I already got what I wanted. That she wasn't enough and I only care about what I want and not her dreams. Which is all so false. Or at least those thoughts had never crossed my mind. In my opinion, graduating college was the biggest step and necessary before moving into that phase of life.

I noticed myself becoming more depressed, negative, and overall unhappy with my life even though I was really excited about the future I was building and her being at my side during all of it.

We continued our relationship and having fun and being happy together most of the time as I finished up school. We started getting shorter with each other and less happy as she grew tired of living at home and started blaming me saying that she was only going to do that until we got married because she didn't want to live alone.

With more and more unkind interaction and the occasional intercourse (with guilt and shame after) intimacy became hard for me. Lots of conversations arose with arguing and emotional breakdowns of "why won't you marry me?" And in my opinion, while we were attempting to work on things because we are sure of each other, it made no sense to jump into a marriage with these issues.

Around the time I graduated, I was faced with the decision to do everything I could in order to pursue my dream as well as pay off loans and save money for a future together. So I made the decision to move home too (an hour away from each other).

This is about 4 years in. We were becoming happier and closer as time went on but I was forced to really think about why I hadn't proposed and what I was waiting for. In my opinion, I still needed some emotional stability. About once a
Month we would have a conversation of her really really upset that I hadn't even proposed to her. Her fears of inadequacy and unhappiness being the main source of her unhappiness. My fears of being like my parents (rude, unhappy, unfulfilled, blaming each other for their shortcomings) being the main source of my hesitations.

We revisited the happiness that we had at the beginning and worked towards that. 

Around this time, I met someone who changed my life. My heart didn't know how to handle it. She was everything that I wanted. As a committed man, I didn't interact with her and nor did I pursue her. I swept it under the rug as something that was only on my mind because she was new and exciting but that what I had was everything I could dream of. She knew I was taken and respected that distance.

My mind focused on getting everything in order with my SO but intersctions became shorter and worse with bouts of being really upset because of how I was being treated and how I was reacting to the treatment. I started fantasizing that life would be different with this new person. Again, not pursuing her. 

Recently SO and I took a short break from seeing each other/talking. In this time, I was really sad and ended up talking to the new girl (incredible, positive, encouraging) I didn't confide in her about too much but explained i was going through a hard time.

SO and I got back together and the same things are happening. With belittling, demeaning arguing on her end leaving me feeling really rejected. In the face of the opportunity of ending things, my SO asked why she wasn't enough and why I couldn't just accept her for who she is and forgive her for her interactions.

Is it time to break things off?

Is it just the excitement of something new that is taking my mind off my current relationship? Am I wrong for waiting to propose until I see that we can improve on things? Am I a bad person? 

TL;DR how do you know when to end things in a LongTerm, very serious relationship. Everyone around me is getting married and it is negatively affecting our relationship. Where do I go from here? How do you end a very involved relationship? I still love her so much and I want to salvage things but I'm worried it will just return to what it always does?

Edit: has anyone been in this situation and left? How did it turn out for you? Is taking an extended break worth looking into?

Summary:
She was everything that I wanted.
Is it time to break things off?
We continued our relationship and having fun and being happy together most of the time as I finished up school.
Where do I go from here?
SO and I got back together and the same things are happening.
I still had a half a year of school to finish.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
