Original Response:
This is obviously a throwaway account, and I'm having a hard time even getting this far to post. Thanks for visiting and any advice you can offer.

For starters, we only knew each other for maybe six months before we started acknowledging each other - we had mutual friends. We hit it off after getting to know each other at a party and it was great. A month later after meeting up occasionally, we decided to be exclusive and called it official. He's moved into my place recently because it worked out for both of us financially.

Now, I know in that month he had some girls interested in him. I know this because I've seen some of them and he'd make comments about them wanting to be fwb with him before but he told them he's seeing someone else. Totally reasonable, and trust me I realize our age difference. I've tried to do fwb and I can't - I need commitment if I'm going to be in a physical relationship with someone. That's just me though. Anyway, there is one girl friend of his in particular that made me really uncomfortable though, and started this fissure of mistrust I have toward him.

She and him were friends for years before we met. I accept that he has girl friends, most of them he has known longer than he's known me, and that some of them he has had flings with. She is one of them. She is engaged to someone else and lives in another country, but came to visit and stayed at his place. This was on the brink of us dating. The night she came to visit, we all ended up meeting up at a show and she left early and stayed at his place while he came home with me. He let me know that she had offered sex in exchange for letting her stay over.. I didn't feel like I was really in a position to do anything since we weren't officially dating, and he was coming home with me anyway. When I dropped him off the next day, she was there - we had breakfast together and it was one of the most awkward, silent things I've been through. She was dolled up and smelled strongly of perfume. As I was leaving, through the crack of the closing door I saw her close in on him. I figured, fuck, whatever. Tried to get over it, and after that is when I had to conversation that I'm getting jealous and we either need to be exclusive. I wasn't interested in anyone else. I told him to take some time to think about it, he said he wanted to be committed though. So we are.

Over the past few months, a few things happened that made me suspicious. For one, I noticed he still had Tinder on his phone, he claimed he "didn't know what it was for" when he first got it and forgot to delete it. He took care of it immediately upon me saying something. I also noticed that that girl's little face kept popping up on his phone (I don't have a smartphone, but I know it means they're talking). I made some passive comments about how I didn't like them talking anymore, and how it's a toxic relationship because she was ready to cheat on her fiance for him, among other things. So he agreed to stop talking to her so much, acknowledging that she hasn't ever been a good friend to him.. but then I would see her face pop up still, and it just was getting to me. 

At some point before this he told me they were only talking once a month, but could tell they were talking pretty frequently. One time we were hanging out and he literally replied to her on messenger instead of answering me when I was talking to him. One night about a month ago, "somebody" was trying to do a facetime or video chat with him at almost midnight. I asked who it was, and of course it was her. He said it's weird because "he's never accepted it before." Beyond being suspicious, I told him he had to stop talking to her completely because it was too much for me. I didn't want to worry about her anymore, so he agreed. A few days later he told me he blocked her on Messenger. 

After he said he 'blocked' her I checked FB and saw they were still friends, so I asked about that and he deleted her. Then he told me the next day, I didn't ask him about it, that she commented on an instagram post and that unfollowed her from that app. 

I don't use social media apps, really. I have facebook, which is strictly for people I have actual friendly relationships with. I'm just not someone who would ever use Tinder or Snapchat, but I understand he might have when he was single and that's okay with me. I'm just concerned, now that he is using Snapchat, that he might still be talking to this girl or other girls. 

He has a lot of alone time right now, not working so much. He said he doesn't use Snapchat "really," but we were hanging with some of his friends and they called him out on having used it a lot a few months ago. I've seen him open the app a couple of times while we've been together very recently, though, but I haven't had the chance to confront him about it.  One time he was showing me a picture within the app, didn't find it right away, and it seemed like he was hiding the phone from my view. 

When we were first dating, he said he didn't watch porn. I asked him a few weeks ago and he admitted that he had starting watching it again a couple times a week, I'm guessing probably while I'm at work or class. He said he hasn't now for the past couple of weeks, he's been trying. He knows how I feel about that and I guess I wouldn't expect him to just tell me, but it just makes me feel weird to know he's doing stuff like that after being so adamantly against it in previous conversations.

I don't know what my ask is, really. I don't think it's fair to ask him to stop using all of these apps, since a lot of his friends use them and he always has. I have a chance to snoop right now as he's not here, but I haven't been able to bring myself to it. I want to just ask him if he's been using it, or to show me, or something. I'm not sure, even if he showed me, if I'd believe him. He deleted the conversation with that girl on messenger before I could see what his 'parting words' were.

To top it all off, I may be leaving the area for school soon. He said he wanted a LDR with weekend visits, but I don't know if I trust him enough to commit to that.

TLDR: Boyfriend uses multiple messaging apps that I don't, is on his phone a lot. He was shady about a girl he once had a fling with. Not sure what to do as I'm constantly questioning his trustworthiness.

edit: When I ask him about stuff, he's never defensive. Definitely hard to read though. He also lied about his age when we first met (said he was 20 when he was really 19).

Summary:
I don't know what my ask is, really.
I want to just ask him if he's been using it, or to show me, or something.
I asked who it was, and of course it was her.
She is one of them.
Now, I know in that month he had some girls interested in him.
I told him to take some time to think about it, he said he wanted to be committed though.
I don't use social media apps, really.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
