Original Response:
Hi everyone, I hope some of you can give me some advice on how to get out of this funk I've been in the last while. My boyfriend is loving, caring, and attentive and everything I could possibly ask for. But our relationship started off on rocky terms. 

About a year and a half ago I met my boyfriend, I'll call him James for anonymity. He was going through some emotional turmoil when I met him. His close friend had just committed suicide a few months prior, and his ex girlfriend of over a year dumped him shortly after it happened. I met him about 4 months after their breakup, and he had been dating other people in-between, so I figured he was over everything that happened between them. He was still pretty emotional about his friend and was suffering from depression, but I quickly fell in love with him and wanted to help him get through his troubles. 

Once we became exclusive his ex began texting him again. James told me he thought it was weird she was suddenly texting him because she cut him off after she dumped him. It started off as friendly exchanges, and he showed me any texts she sent so I figured everything was fine and didn't feel threatened. 

About a month into our relationship things began to take a turn, and James started bringing her up more in conversation which started to annoy me. He was on his phone more often, and wasn't as open as he first was about their discussions. They were constantly talking to each other, and she began publicly tagging him in posts on Facebook with captions like "this so reminds me of you!". Needless to say, I suddenly felt threatened by their overly friendly relationship.

It's worth noting during this time we began fighting a lot because I began to feel so insecure. One night when James was in the kitchen I took his phone and read a conversation between them both. There was nothing sexual, but it was really emotionally charged. He was telling her how we were constantly fighting lately, wishing her a happy valentines day, told her he was "finding it hard to be happy after her". She asked if he wanted to be single, to which he said "no I never said that", and then proceeded to ask her if she wanted to get back together with him. She said no, and his reply was "I'm asking you because you've been constantly texting me since I got a gf". Any messages before that were deleted. 

After I read the texts I was crushed. I confronted him and he broke down crying, told me he loves me so much and said he was so sorry for being inappropriate. He said he never got any closure on their relationship when he was dumped because she never really told him why and wouldn't speak to him. So when we got together and she began texting him, he said he became obsessed with trying to lead her on and hurt her like she did him which he admitted was childish. He told me he didn't love her, never had any sexual conversations with her, and would cut all contact with her like I asked. I asked why previous messages had been deleted and he told me he just wanted to try to forget about her and felt guilty about not being open with me about texting her. I believed him based on the non sexual texts I read, but found it really hard to cope.

We fought for months after because I didn't trust him anymore. I felt betrayed and stupid, and I think my ego hurt the most because I felt she was better than me, even though he tried his best to keep reassuring me she wasn't. I handled it badly also, and didn't set clear enough boundaries. Sometimes I'd allow him to speak to her in my presence because I stupidly felt bad for asking him to completely cut contact, sometimes I wouldn't. Anytime she texted him I'd take it out on James even though he'd do what I asked and wouldn't reply, and so that lead to its own problems within the relationship. It came to a head near the end when I told him to block her and delete her and he put up a fight for a few hours claiming it was childish because he's on good terms with nearly all of his exes. Eventually he done it, and now agrees it was the best thing to happen.

In hindsight I can see how poorly we both handled it, but feel we have both learned from it. Nothing has happened since and we're better than ever.

My issue now is that I'm constantly afraid it will happen again, and it's impacting our relationship because I'm finding it difficult to fully open up again. In arguments I sometimes bring it up and feel as though I'm punishing him for it even though he's been great ever since. 

I suffer with anxiety and overthink small things all the time. It's at the point now where I know it isn't fair on him, but I don't know how to let go. I feel that he did love her more than me when we were together, even though he says he didn't, and I'm finding it hard to take. I know I chose to forgive him and it's now my own issue, but need some tips on how to begin letting go. If anyone could give me advice I'd really appreciate it :(

TLDR: Boyfriend texted ex inappropriately over a year ago at the beginning of our relationship while going through a rough patch, eventually cut her off for me and has been great ever since. I'm still finding it hard to let go of, holding onto resentment which is affecting our relationship, worrying if it will happen again, and need tips on how to go about dealing with it. 

Any help is appreciated greatly :(

Summary:
I feel that he did love her more than me when we were together, even though he says he didn't, and I'm finding it hard to take.
He was going through some emotional turmoil when I met him.
He told me he didn't love her, never had any sexual conversations with her, and would cut all contact with her like I asked.
She said no, and his reply was "I'm asking you because you've been constantly texting me since I got a gf".

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
