Original Response:
I'm 20, female. He's a male of the same age. We've known each other for three years now, extremely close since the beginning. He recently came out to me, informing me I am the only person to ever know of his secret and that I will be the only one to know for ages to come. He knows the way I feel about him.

 We dated for a few months at the beginning, and on more than one occasion we have both referred to these months as *the happiest of our lives*. I broke up with him because I felt scared of the need I felt for him, having always been a very independent person. We ended up getting back together a few weeks later. He never found this out, but I cried with joyous relief that night. A few days later, out of the blue, he broke up with me a second time.

  After we broke up for this second time, we started ignoring each other's existence. I felt hurt and confused, wondering what it was that I had done to drive him away. Eventually, we started talking again, and became closer than ever. I told him things I'd kept locked up for years and he understood me. Many times we stayed up talking until dawn, holding conversations I never thought I could express into words. 

  He fascinated me. I became thoroughly engrossed with every single one of his words, delighted to find someone so in tune with the person that I was, someone who just hit every spot right. But I knew he'd broken up with me and that my feelings were one-sided, so I just contented myself with being his friend.

  I put my feelings away in a drawer I did not allow myself to peek at. I began a serious relationship with someone else and for a time, I felt like I was over things, like I was finally coming out of it and loving someone else. This new person dedicated everything to me and we became the typical "perfect couple." Hard as I could, I tried to love this new person the way I'd loved my best friend. It didn't work out and I grew distant, I grew weak, and I took out my old feelings and studied them each night. After two years of battling myself, I finally manned up and ended my facade.

  Throughout all of this I always wondered about my best friend. He began to talk to me about the past, texting me in the middle of the night about the way things used to be, sharing poems he'd written about topics we'd discussed, again mentioning how the happiest he'd ever been was with me. He quoted songs all the time on facebook, and all of them just seemed to me to be about us. I know that seems presumptuous, but I was, after all, the only girl he'd had a serious relationship with in all this time.

  Shortly after, he left to start his army training. We began to write letters and in one of them I told him of how much I missed him and thought of him, in a more than platonic way. I waited for weeks for his reply and when I got it, I sobbed over his letter. He told me that often when he laid in bed at night he thought of me. He thought of our times together and he knew that there could never be a better team than us two. He told me I would never lose him and that he knew now that we two needed to be in each other's lives. He told me so many beautiful things, and I cried for each one, my heart soaring. In my next letter I came right out and told him of my own feelings, the fact that I'd been carrying this love for him for so long, that I just wanted to know what to do. I waited for weeks for a reply, but never got one. When he got out of Basic training, I was the first person he called and he told me he never received the letter.
  
  It was not til weeks later that he told me he'd gotten my letter, poured over it millions of times, memorized it. But he told me that I'd dropped the l-bomb and that he did not know what to do because I'd been in this wonderful relationship with this other guy and he knew he could never compare. He also feared a long-distance relationship for us because he thought we would not recover from another break-up.
  
  Even though we agreed to not make things serious and just take them as they'd come, we began flirting and talking almost every day. We even decided to go on a date when he came home on leave a few weeks later. It was all we talked about and he often expressed his eagerness for it. However, when he did come home and our day did come, it felt like a regular day. We went out to eat, we played some xbox, we watched a movie. He sat far away from me, God it felt like he sat lightyears away. He finally drove me home and me, thinking perhaps he felt discouraged again, went in for a kiss. He gave me a quick peck and told me goodnight.

  I was humiliated, I was angry. But I thought things through and told myself I'd rushed into things, kissing him on his first day back. So I sent him a long message apologizing for my behavior. I would have expected anything but what I got back.

  He told me that for as long as he could remember, he'd been gay. No one knew this, except for me now. He told me I was the only girl ever to convince him that perhaps he'd been wrong, but no, as soon as things started to get physical, he knew we could not be. He told me he hated himself and that he only wished to be normal. During his visit, he confessed, he'd wanted to sleep with me and settle down with me because he knew there would be no better person for him to be normal with. But when he saw how much I loved him, he could not do it because he loved me too, so much, even if not in the same way. He would not use me.
  
  He is the one person in this life that I would do anything for. He's like a twin soul to me, a counterpart, cheesy as that sounds. Even if he cannot reciprocate my feelings, he has been there for me through everything and he fought his demons to be honest with me. I want to be his true friend, be there for him for the hell he must be going through, yet I cannot help but cry at my misfortune. Out of anyone, it had to be him. He's coming home again in a few weeks for a few months. I want to show him I support him and that we can continue being friends, but what can I do? Has anyone here ever had that happen to them? What have you done to cope with this? I know that I am young, that this might pass someday, but for now it feels like a wound that will not heal.

**TL;DR: For the past three years I've been in love with my best friend who has recently come out to me as gay. How can I cope with this? Has this happened to you?**

Summary:
He knows the way I feel about him.
He is the one person in this life that I would do anything for.
He would not use me.
He's coming home again in a few weeks for a few months.
I waited for weeks for a reply, but never got one.
He told me that for as long as he could remember, he'd been gay.
He told me I would never lose him and that he knew now that we two needed to be in each other's lives.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
