Original Response:
It sounds a bit petty the way that it's worded in the title, but I am truly confused. Believe me, this isn't what I wanted my first post to be. But I've known this girl for four years now and up until recently we'd been joined at the hip. And the worst part of it is I don't know what happened.

In the seventh grade we bonded quickly over music. Neither of us listened to the same music (she listened to Ke$ha and 3Oh!3 while I listened to Seether and Disturbed) but we were both in band, which has probably been the glue that's held us together along with the discovery of My Chemical Romance. 

That's really where any similarities between us end, though, besides our cynicism, so I suppose it was likely to end in tears.

Anyway, last year a lot of legitimately dramatic and traumatizing things happened; none of which are really important, but all of it stemmed from one event: My friend starting her relationship. I'll admit that her now ex is one of my best friends and that those were some of the best times, but it caused more problems than it was probably worth.

1. She started blowing me off. Sometimes I would tutor one of our mutual friends and if we asked my best friend would come with us. Well that stopped because she'd be invited to do things and they'd be with her boyfriend, my boyfriend, and one of their other friends. So I couldn't be there, but I'd get to hear about all of the fun they had without me from two or three different perspectives.

2. She started ditching school. For as long as I've known her she hasn't been one to break rules. I've actually come to find that she saw me as some kind of rebel simply because I knew how to get away with small things like how to get away with being on the computer late at night (clearly it still helps me as it's 1:21 a.m. here right now)

And 3. This is the big one. She ran away from home with her boyfriend. She was gone from Thursday, March 15, 2012 until 8 o'clock p.m. on Sunday, March 19, 2012. And I'd managed to convince myself that it was my fault. I'd had a conversation with her, it couldn't have been too long, she gave me a look like I was crazy as soon as I'd said it, but I told her that there had been times when I'd wanted to run away when I was younger. I told her how when I was seven and eight and nine I would tell my parents that I would run away when I was eight and nine and ten. She told me she'd never had a single thought like that. 

And then two weeks later she's gone. It had to have been my fault. Granted, at the time she'd become incredibly stressed: her mom was freaking out because she'd found out she'd lost her virginity, the guidance counselors were on her ass about cuts on her arm, plus the stress from everyday life. I'd tried to be there for her. I listened to her problems, told her I was with her through it all, I was the good supportive friend that she needed, but clearly I hadn't been enough.

When I got a phone call from her on Sunday morning asking to meet her in our sanctuary, I'd already been through "the seven stages of acceptance" or whatever it's called. I'd forced myself to be prepared for the worst. When we hung up I was so relieved but so angry. She sounded so happy - so satisfied with herself - and I'd spent the last three days going through an emotional hell. I thought out what I would say, what I would tell her, how she hurt me, how stupid she was, how she was lucky I cared so much...

I couldn't tell her any of that when I saw her. I broke down in tears at the first sight of her and ran to her with open arms like something out of a movie. All I told her was how much I'd missed her. I didn't tell her any of the rest of it until a couple of weeks later and I told her "Well I'd planned on telling you this, but couldn't do it." She cried.

After it all was said and done her boyfriend was forced to move out of state to live with his mom. They didn't last long after that, which only made me angry. All of that, just to break up because she didn't like what he reminded her of. He's in the Navy now. I miss him a lot.

Fast forward to our sophomore year. (yeah, this was all freshman year) We don't talk anymore. We have the same circle of friends, but we may as well be strangers. The last time we had a real conversation she yelled at me for replacing her with my boyfriend and his friends because I'd go see him in the mornings before school instead of sitting next to her in silence as she ignored me for reasons unbeknownst to me until she began yelling more. She yelled at me for still being upset that she ran away. She yelled at me because I didn't tell her I'd lost my virginity. (after she'd yelled at me only weeks before for wanting to lose my virginity, because that makes me want to tell her) She yelled at me because I would say things like "you guys are dorks/weird/stupid" and walk away laughing my ass off because they were being funny. She said it was "too insulting". 

And lastly she yelled at me because she thought that I was too close to my guy friends and she didn't understand why I had to "flirt with every guy I meet." And then she yelled at me because I was silent. Don't get me wrong, I'm great with words, but not when put on the spot. I didn't even have time to get mad at her for doing the same things. And then she made a lunging movement. I don't know what she was actually doing, but I thought she was going to hit me, so I flinched and at the same time punched her in the face. I apologized immediately afterwards and explained to her that I thought she'd meant to hit me and we made up, sort of. It didn't last long, though.

The last argument we got into was short and really consisted of me asking what I could do to fix us because I'd already changed as a person to be who she'd told me she wanted me to be. When she told me she'd "given up" I got mad. I asked her if she wanted me to just go and leave her alone, not talk to her, not be her friend. She said she didn't want that (this is very similar to how we'd made up the last time) and there was just a minute of silence. I thought about just walking away, but I knew nothing was solved. So I told her that although she said that, I didn't see anything changing between us. And I was right. We haven't talked since unless we've had to.

Now I'm in a pickle. As I said, we're both in band and we both play clarinet. Well, she plays bass clarinet, but our teacher still has us as one section because there's few enough of us that we can be. Well we're both section leaders for the 2013-2014 school year, and for those of you who aren't in band and somehow don't understand, section leader means we are the leaders of the people who play the same instrument as us. We've also had the same band teacher since the 7th grade, so he knows how close we were. 

He told me that he wants us to make up for whatever reason we're fighting and he told me that she "didn't agree with some of the decisions I was making." and I honestly have no idea what she means. I'm just at a loss here, she resents me and I don't know why. I am literally the only person besides her mother that has always accepted her no matter what she's done and the minute I stop being who she wants me to be - though that's the same person I've always been - she stops talking to me. 

I'll be honest, the clarinets will survive if we aren't best friends, we can get along and even have fun together in a professional setting, but I don't want to be friends just for the sake of the section. I want my best friend back. I'm tired of being alone. I have literally no one. The last person I had was my boyfriend, but he broke up with me two or three weeks ago and there was a lot that I couldn't tell him just because it's girl stuff. I'm down to the bottom of barrel, completely alone, begging for help. I've tried to be the bigger person, grow up, and change; but at this point I have to wonder if I'm going about this wrong and if I really am in the wrong for something.

So please help me out here, how can I fix this shattered relationship with the one person who knows me better than anyone? Or can I fix this? And is this my fault? Did I cause this chasm to open up between us? I'm not going to be able to sleep until I've settled all of this.

TL;DR My best friend and I have been growing apart since she ran away last year to the point where we don't even talk. We've been put into co-leadership positions with each other and have to work it out, but I don't know what's wrong. How might I go about fixing it? Or is it too late to fix? And how might I know if it's actually my fault?

Summary:
I have literally no one.
She yelled at me because I didn't tell her I'd lost my virginity.
I want my best friend back.
Or can I fix this?
And is this my fault?
And then she yelled at me because I was silent.
I didn't even have time to get mad at her for doing the same things.
And how might I know if it's actually my fault?
I asked her if she wanted me to just go and leave her alone, not talk to her, not be her friend.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
