Original Response:
We've been together for a little over two years and have known each other for a little bit longer. We met by working together, talked for a bit, and had a few hookups here and there before getting a little more serious. This relationship is the the longest and most serious that either of us have had.

Anyway, everything has been going pretty well up until the last few weeks, which is when I graduated from college and landed a full time job. She still has a couple of years to go in college. Sure, we'd have arguments here and there like most other couples, but we are generally pretty good about working them out and moving on, so when those happened, I wasn't really too concerned nor was she. 

Last summer she went out of the country for almost a month, and we still continued to talk almost daily despite the time difference. Now, this is where she believes our relationship changed, possibly for the worst. I was about to be a senior in college, and generally wanted to enjoy the time left with my friends and so forth, and rightfully so, because I didn't know when I'd see them after college. Anyway, she stayed over a lot during the time school was going on because it was closer to work/school than home was. I didn't have a problem with it, but I did want to have some space and time to hang out by myself/with friends/etc, as I believe this is a crucial part in maintaining a relationship. We still spent a lot of time together because she stopped hanging with a lot of her friends due to time and the lack of interest in hanging out with them.

Last week, we had a serious talk and it felt like we were about to break up at that point. She stated that she is still in college and wants to enjoy it, and it sucks that I can't hang out with her a lot anymore because I have a full time job. I told her straight up that I understand and if she thinks that I am holding her back from something to let me know, as it is not my intention and I would never want to do that. After the talk, we went out and the whole night seemed off, unlike 99% of the time we've hung out before. When we got back, we talked more, and agreed to keep trying to maintain the relationship because we both love each other and would like to see it work out. I told her that it wasn't going to be easy, because our schedules are quite different in that I come home from work and she works 3-4 nights a week. I asked her to see if she can switch her schedule so that we can spend some time together during the week and do a few date nights, she obliged and is going to try to fix that. She also got bothered by the fact that I was hanging out with my friends a lot, and she felt like she was playing second to my friends, who were leaving right after graduation. I confided that it would be different once they left, as I am trying to spend as much time as I can with her and them at the same time, but they'd be gone soon. Recently, her and I have spent a little more time together and maintain communication throughout the day.

More recently, I noticed her talking to a kid that she essentially lost her virginity to. She said that it was a one time thing before we started dating, and that he became an asshole shortly after and stopped talking to her. Supposedly, he has been hanging out with the same group of friends that she does, and they started talking again. I'd notice her getting texts and talking to him, and it got to me. I confronted her about it, not accusing of her anything, but asked about what was going on. She said that she believes that they should at least try to be friends seeing how they are at the same place a lot. I told her that I'd prefer if she doesn't talk to him much or at all, because it's hard to have that in the back of your mind constantly. She agreed to stop talking to him, and I haven't noticed any communication between them since. I don't mean to control or make her do anything, and I told her that up front. But it's difficult knowing that she was hanging out with him while I was not there and talking to him, because it just puts that knowledge in the back of my mind and scares the shit out of me.

Since she got back from being out of the country last summer, I've noticed a drop in our sex life. I trust her and don't believe that she's ever cheated on me, but we went from having sex 3-5 times a week down to 1-2 times a week. More recently, within the last 3-4 months, it has been almost less than that with a few outlier times here and there. I view sex as another crucial aspect of relationships, as it shows each other that there is still that physical attraction to one another and it is healthy for the relationship as well as the individuals in the relationship. Lately, it has been a lot less than that. A month or so ago she told me that she doesn't get turned on by me like she used to. I asked her if she knew why, and she said she wasn't sure, but again I don't think she's been seeing someone else. It has really made me feel like crap because I don't know if it's something that I did, but she says she has no idea why the sudden drop in attraction. Note that I am still very physically attracted to her and enjoy the intimate times that do have. I asked her if it was due to the fact that she was hanging out with other guys, and she told me no and to not even say that because it wouldn't happen. I trust her, as I believe trust and honesty in a relationship are important, and once either of those are lost, it would be hard to maintain a relationship. The other night, I was in the mood and tried to get her to play along. We started having sex and it felt like I almost pushed her to do it, not like she wanted to do it herself. It got to the point after a couple of minutes that I stopped and felt like absolute shit because it was a huge blow to my ego. I feel like I can't satisfy her like I used to, and it really can get into my head.

We have a vacation planned next month, and I would love to enjoy that time with her. We have both agreed that this rut that we are in can be beaten if we both put a lot of dedication towards it. We have also agreed that nearly all the time we've spent together has been awesome, and that we wouldn't want to throw it away without trying to reignite the relationship. I know that we are both pretty young, but I love this girl and she loves me. We've become best friends since knowing each other and I'd hate to throw it away if we can fix this. I'm aware that it will take time and effort, but I'm hoping that we can work it out.

tldr; gf and i have been dating for over two years, gotten into a rut recently both in our relationship and sexually, our schedules are off right now, and we are trying to rekindle our relationship.

Summary:
She still has a couple of years to go in college.
She agreed to stop talking to him, and I haven't noticed any communication between them since.
I'd notice her getting texts and talking to him, and it got to me.
Last week, we had a serious talk and it felt like we were about to break up at that point.
She said that she believes that they should at least try to be friends seeing how they are at the same place a lot.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
