Original Response:
(f24) dating (M29) two years.

I have recently moved in with my boyfriend of almost 2 years. We have a good relationship, worked through some problems but overall everything is good (that's why we moved in together as a next step in our relationship).


So recently, my mother is experiencing some health issues as a result of her "young and stupid" plastic surgery mishaps. She is extremely worried and as a result, I am extremely worried. We have been referred to a doctor but he didn't offer any solution. My boyfriend, who works in the health care industry, has told me that he "will ask around and recommend a good doctor". He has degrees in science, majority of his friends and work connections are doctors or work in a hospital/health care industry. After he said he will ask around, we went to see another doctor. Essentially this doctor told my mom that she has either A. do nothing or B. remove her breasts, without any explanation of surgery complications, how to resolve current pains, etc, nothing. After we came back, I still have many unanswered questions and told my boyfriend about it. I complained to him that the doctor was "useless" and offered no details so we can make an informed decision. 


He started being really dismissive to my concerns and argued with me that "doctors are very smart people and she is probably right." When I told him that I'm not questioning her advice, I am simply frustrated by the fact that she has offered no details for us to make an informed decision on a major surgery. He then said, "well see another doctor!" So I asked him if he had any progress in getting recommendation who have more knowledge on this particular issue, he told me "well, I don't really know any doctors in this field, and it's really awkward to ask people this. What am I going to say? Oh my girlfriend's mother has some specific breast injection complication?" I am just stunned. Essentially he's saying he's embarrassed to ask about an embarrassing condition about his girlfriend's mother. I told him that he never have to be specific about WHO the medical condition is for to get a recommendation, and even if he is, why is he EMBARRASSED when it's concerning a major health issue? I admit what my mom did to herself is not the proudest thing to do, but she is experiencing major health problems and pain and he is EMBARRASSED to help. 



He then trying to justify our current doctor's diagnose and lack of explanation by saying that doctors are not great in explaining medical issues in plain terms. Then he started reading me medical research papers on my mom's condition at midnight on a work day. When I told him to send me the search paper and I will read it when I have time. He insists that I "wouldn't understand it" because there are a lot of medical terms. When I told him that I would just google these things, he said "it's difficult since sometimes I have trouble understanding these papers even and google doesn't always offer answer." I was very insulted and it took some push for him to send me these research papers. I felt like he was treating me as if I'm stupid. True I didn't have an education in science, but I have always been a top student and graduated from an elite university program in my field. 



The next day as I was reading these papers, my anger just multiplied. It took some googling of medical terms but overall these research papers are pretty standard. It's NO WHERE as difficult as he made it out to be and I just felt his insistence that I couldn't read these things just made me think that he thinks I'm just retarded. 



I talked to him about these issues and he apologized but insisted that wasn't what he meant at all. He basically denied that he was a) embarrassed about my mom's condition or b) think I'm stupid despite his behaviour. Even though he apologized profusely, I still feel like it's not really apology if you are not admitting what you are wrong about! 



Then today my mom called me and told me that she is at a different hospital and that they have found her pain was resulted in inflammation and there were fluids in her breasts, so they are going to take out the fluids first before further examination. They advised her to not cut out her entire breast tissues before further consultation, which is something I've been saying all along and the previous doctor did not even detect or wanting to further explore. My rage is now just tripled that my boyfriend essentially implied to me before that because "doctors are smart people" and I should not question her diagnosis. 



I am just so frustrated and angry at my boyfriend's behaviour throughout this entire ordeal. I felt that he basically talked me down and dismissed some of my very basic and logical concerns just because I'm not a "science major or a doctor". Even though he apologized, I am still angry. I'm not sure if I'm angry because I'm projecting my frustration with my mom's condition, or because I really should be angry about his behaviour. And I just feel extremely disappointed and disgusted at his reaction at such a crucial time of need for me. He will SAY that he's there for me, but his actions are NOT DOING MUCH. He doesn't make me feel emotionally comforted nor did he actually do something within his ability to help out, aka recommend a doctor. But I just moved in with him, and this relationship is otherwise fine. I know the right thing to do is to stop being angry and work through this (NOT SURE HOW). But I just can't stop being angry and disgusted at his lack of support that I'm just seeing this relationship going into a blackhole. I honestly don't know how to act or even talk to him.



**tl;dr: recently moved in with boyfriend and he was dismissive towards my concerns/questions regarding my mother's health problem and isn't doing much to help emotionally or practically. He treat me as if I'm stupid and cannot ask logical questions or read research papers.**

Summary:
Even though he apologized, I am still angry.
I felt like he was treating me as if I'm stupid.
He then said, "well see another doctor!"
What am I going to say?
He treat me as if I'm stupid and cannot ask logical questions or read research papers.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
