Original Response:
TL;DR Fix relationship and lose what seems an amazing opportunity with great guy or fix relationship and forget about him as we may not even work out?


So I have been with my boyfriend (Noah) for four years now.  I'm 27 and have had relationships before but this is the longest one I've ever had. 

It hasn't been without it's ups and downs. We have broken up more than a few times and once for almost a year when I moved away.
 During this time we still met up often, called each other on the phone and sometimes spent the night together. Also, during this year one of his ex girlfriends tried to get back with him and he kissed her, so I decided that was the end of it, it was time to move on and started dating other people. Nothing extremely serious or anything as I still had feelings for Noah.

 We remained friends though, but that was it. I couldn't bring myself to be closer to him than that. Eventually I finished my year away and came back to my hometown. I learned that my ex had moved away to find work, so that kinda made it easier for me(Its a small town and I didnt want to have to see him everyday until I was fully over him).



So, I got a new job in my hometown, make a new bunch of friends and in fact, become really really happy for the first time in a really long time. I spent the entire Summer hanging around with these new people including a guy called Aidan who becomes a really good friend... We started hanging out al the time and going on roadrips together and travel to a few countries in Europe. I start to develop this huge crush on Aidan but never tell him.. (I dont know, fear of putting myself out there i guess!) soon Aidan begns dating a girl i absolutely loathe (a girl an ex had once cheated on me with), so I kind of stop hanging around with him so much as she doesn't like me and I don't like her.


So my ex Noah comes back and spends about 6 months trying to win me back and I finally succumb and get back with him. He really seemed like he'd changed and wasn't  a 'going nowhere stoner' anymore. So We're back together about a year at this stage. I still talk to Aidan all the time and he's since broken up with the girl he was dating. 


So Aidan decides he's leaving the country for work and I suddenly freak the fuck out. He said he'd be going pretty much forever, well a few years anyways. We meet up and go for a drive to the beach and he pretty much declares his undying love for me and how upset he is that I got back with my ex and that he never thought he'd meet a girl like me and that he had been so depressed that he fucked up so bad by not telling me and then when I got back with Noah, he thought it was too late and he'd just  gone mad working to take his mind off how he had fucked up.
I didn't know what to say... I asked him why did he have to leave it until now? Now,when I had a boyfriend that I was living with... 


Anyway, he asked me to move away with him, that he'd treat me like the princess I was and he'd take care of me for the rest of his life if I would only give him a chance. Then he kissed me..... I can only say it was pretty much the best kiss of my life. I like an idiot was kind of speechless, dumbstruck and ran off.  he left on the next plane.


That was two weeks ago.... I sit here now on reddit looking for advice. I love my boyfriend. I love his family. They have accepted me as one of their own. We fight, a lot. I spend so much time upset because we're both annoyed at each other all the time. We want different things. I want to travel the world, to get as good a job as I can that makes me happy. I love nature and people and for all intensive purposes everyone labels me a tree hugging hippy. My boyfriend doesnt want any of these things, he wants to go back to college and get a basic job that keeps him happy, he never wants to get married, he never wants kids. Travelling doesnt appeal to him. He doesn't really like anything I like and we fight all the time because both of us find each others interests horribly unappealing. I like to get up early and go surfing. He likes to stay up late and play videogames. I like to go to festivals, he likes to stay at home and watch TV. I think both of us are waiting for each other to change. I do love him though... I think... It's hard to tell with all the fighting we've been doing recently. 


I feel like jumping ship and going off with Aidan, Im always to happy when Im with him. I just feel like a lightbulb and when Im with him Im glowing. Even my female friends always notice the difference, they think Im like a different person around him. I really don't want to lose him. He has called me on his days off and everytime he asks me if i've changed my mind and will come with him... 

I told Noah that Aidan and I kissed, he went apeshit but said there was nothing he could do now that Noah had jumped ship and he didnt want to lose me. I have never cheated on anyone before.. Never kissed anyone when I was in a relationship. 

I just don't know what to do . I love my boyfriend. Im afraid I might be losing Aidan forever. I havent stopped thinking about him in weeks... It feels unfair to be on the fence on this. My boyfriend deserves more than this,  Im just so confused. Everything in my brain tells me to get out of here and run off to be with the one that makes you happy and stop sitting here depressed on your own while my lazy boyfriend lays in bed playing videogames.... I just dont know what to do..

Summary:
I just don't know what to do .
I just dont know what to do..
I really don't want to lose him.
I do love him though...
So I have been with my boyfriend (Noah) for four years now.
I asked him why did he have to leave it until now?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
