Original Response:
Hi reddit. I have this really difficult situation where I am not sure what is the best play here is and I would love all of your opinions and advice. I am currently dating this guy for about 7 months now but we have known each other for a year. I am 23 and he is 28. When I first met him, he introduced me to his best friend who is also his ex girlfriend back in college. She is one year older than me androids they broke up about 4 years ago. She's had a few hookups after they broke up but no real relationships or anything serious with anyone. 

I will try my best to make this short but bear with me! I at first heard many stories about her from all of his friends and his brother. They told me to be cautious of her because she is known to be a "cock blocker" and is still not over my ex despite the fact that she claims to be his "best friend." She was also not very nice to the girls that my boyfriend dated after her. However, I am a very optimistic person and I like to give people chances until they are proven to me otherwise. As a result of my kindness and friendliness towards her, overtime we became real friends. Everyone were very surprised because she has never been this nice to any of my boyfriend's exes before. I just think that if you treat someone right, then you will get the same in return.

Anyway, I know 100% that my boyfriend only sees her as a friend, but as a girl, I can easily see that she hasn't gotten over my boyfriend. Sometimes I can sense a slight cattiness from her and it bothers me a bit but at the same time I would feel bad for her. Every now and then she would complain to me about my boyfriend and how he's not a very good friend. There were also times where my boyfriend and her would get into an argument over something little and she would blow up on him. Every time she does that, she would bring up the past about how he mistreated her and disregarded her. Usually my boyfriend would walk away or stop talking to her and I would end up consoling her.

Correct me if im wrong, but this is how I am certain that she is not over him still. She would cry and tell me things like how she feels that she always has to prove herself to him and that he makes her feel like she's never good enough. She said she used to be a happier person before she met him. She resents that he is a better person now because of her and that it's not fair how other people are getting treated better by him but he hasn't changed the way he treated her. She would give me an example of how you would be with a jerk and after you break up with him and told him how much of a jerk he was, but then he goes and treat his next girlfriend perfectly. I had feeling she was talking about herself here, but let me digress. She would also say things like how she feels like his mom and she doesn't want to feel that way. She feels like he doesn't make her feel special and doesn't give her the attention he gives others. She feels unappreciative, that she's done a lot for him but got nothing out of this "friendship." She tends to bring up the past a lot about how he ditched her on valentines day when u they used to date and many other things. Sorry I am getting writers block right now and cannot think of any other examples. I really feel like she's still stuck on the past and resents my boyfriend a lot for the things he did 4 years ago.


So I would sit there and listen to her cry and complain. I would try my best to help her out and would advice her to love herself and put herself first. If she feels unhappy then she can either completely let it go and start a new friendship with my boyfriend or she can walk away and free herself completely. I just don't think my boyfriend is doing anything wrong here. I think he is a good friend. They talk every day and we usually hang out all the time. I don't see where he's mistreating her as a "friend." I really think that bottom line, she feels and wants to be more thank friend which explains her random blow outs on my boyfriend.

My boyfriend is asking me to help him. He cares a lot for her as a friend but he doesn't want to continue hurting her but at the same time he doesn't want to lose her as friend either. They tried to stop being friends before but they would end up talking and became friends again. I remember she told me that during that period of time, she felt very much at peace. Personally if I was her, I would do everything to free myself from him and move on. I would not let myself hung over someone that long. Its just not acceptable to let someone have this affect over me. I really think that my boyfriend should do what's best for her and stop being friends with her so that she can move on. However I don't want to see them end their friendship.

Furthermore, I am not sure how I should feel here. I feel sympathy for them both because this situation sucks. However I have tried to be the most understanding girlfriend and a fair person but I am not sure that this should be my problem. I am not sure when my patient will run out. If they continue to be friends, how much longer can I take being the middle person by being there for her when she cries about my boyfriend. I just dont feel that its fair for me because its something I should not be dealing with. I also hate being involved with ex problems and I prefer to be with someone who doesn't have any baggage just to avoid complicated situations. I feel that if this continues, I know that I would feel less attracted to my boyfriend overtime and might not be able to accept being with himany longer unless something changes. I feel like as a man, he should be able to resolve his issues and not let this drag on forever. It been four years now, how much longer can this drag on? I feel that I wouldn't be inclined to commit to this relationship nor I can imagine anyone else would want to deal with this. However, I would hate to have to let him go over this where it has nothing to do with what he and I have with each other. We are doing great so far without this in the picture.

Im sorry this has been such a long post to read! I hope that with the amount of information I have given, you all would be able to give me some advice or suggestions to this dilemma. Sometimes its just better to get a second opinion. First, I want to know what it is I can do to help my boyfriend because I understand that he's a good friends and doesn't want to hurt her but he also doesn't want to lose a good friend either. Second, I should I do if this continue to drag on? What she denies her feelings for him and they remain as friends? Should I try to be understanding and continue to help my boyfriend deal with her? Im torn between being a good and righteous person and doing what is best for me. Please if you have anything to say, feel free to help me out here. I am out of ideas and exhausted from this.

Thank you so much for reading this and I appreciate it very much! Also please excuse my spelling and grammar mistakes. Its kind of hard writing this all on my phone :(

Summary:
I think he is a good friend.
Every now and then she would complain to me about my boyfriend and how he's not a very good friend.
I just don't think my boyfriend is doing anything wrong here.
I had feeling she was talking about herself here, but let me digress.
I really think that my boyfriend should do what's best for her and stop being friends with her so that she can move on.
I don't see where he's mistreating her as a "friend."
I would not let myself hung over someone that long.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
