Original Response:
My wife and I have been together for about 5 years now. We got married two years ago. This is my second marriage; I had an ill-advised first marriage when I was way too young that ended after about 10 months. No kids.

I don't even know how to start this. Things seemed really great when we met and for the first few years I was incredibly happy and in love. It only seemed to get bad around the time we got married.

We got married by a judge at the courthouse, mainly to get her on my insurance with a "proper" ceremony to follow. People found out about this (my fault) and this ruined her expectation of a "proper" ceremony so we never had one. Resentment built up over this for a long time. A year later, she was late getting home one night and acting suspicious. I glanced over at her phone and she was texting a male coworker. After a long string of denials, I found out she had a romantic interest in this guy. She had been giving him rides to work for a while.

What followed was the most emotionally painful period of time I have ever endured. She kept telling me she was done with this guy, then I'd find out she was still seeing him. It went on for a couple months. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and I asked her to move out. She wanted to call it a "separation" and not a divorce because she didn't feel ready to let go of me just yet. While she was moved out, she started seeing two additional guys. 

Now, all of this behavior is crazy and way out of character for her. She had always been a kind, empathic, sweet person, and I never would have thought she was capable of hurting me this badly. She had been having trouble with anxiety in grad school and had started seeing a psychiatrist who put her on an astounding variety of things: Klonopin, xanax, lamictal, wellbutrin, in addition to vicodin, soma and ritalin her regular doctor was prescribing her and a daily weed habit (she was high pretty much any time she wasn't at school or work, and sometimes went to those things high too.) I felt at the time like she was on so much stuff that she just wasn't herself. She wrecked her car twice during this period. She had always had a tendency to smoke too much weed and I never thought she needed the vicodin or ritalin prescriptions, but she seemed to manage that stuff pretty well. The other stuff just sent her into a tailspin, I think. 

A big part of the pain from this period of time was how worried I was about her. I knew she was on way too much medication and I worried that she would get taken advantage of, or would destroy her career, or would flat out die in a car wreck. It wasn't even about wanting her back, it was about wanting her to be healthy and safe.

Fast forward a few months. I make a decision that I am done with her and ask her for a divorce, in the same week that she finds out she's going to have to go to Colorado for an internship. She tells me that when she pictures herself starting a new life there, she pictures me with her, that she loves me and misses me, and she wants me to come with her.

I think about it (shit, I've always wanted to move to Colorado anyway) and tell her that if she gets off all the drugs I'll do it. She agrees and spends the summer weaning off of everything. I thought maybe a fresh start would be good for both of us. So we move to Colorado, and we've been here for about a year now. Things seem much more stable; she still probably smokes too much weed, but she's off all the other crap, and I don't believe she's still cheating. She seems genuinely remorseful for the things that happened and she's seeing a therapist to try to deal with the parts of herself that led her to do these things.

The thing is, it seems like something within me has changed. I remember the way I felt about her when I proposed, how happy I was. I remember fantasizing about the children we could have, about growing old together. I remember how proud of her I was, always talking up her grad school accomplishments. I don't feel those things anymore. I don't feel like I can trust her. I feel a lot of doubt and fear about the future. She wants to have children soon and I just don't know; I feel like I would need to see a lot more stability from her, for a long period of time, before I could think about bringing a child into this.

I think that if we weren't married, if she was just my girlfriend, I would dump her and leave. But since we're married, and especially because this is my second marriage, it seems like a much harder decision. I don't want to admit defeat and give up on it. I desperately want it to work, but I'm not sure I will ever feel the same way about her again, not sure I will ever be able to trust her. I'm not sure if those feelings will ever come back, or how long I should wait for them. And I want to keep my word. And I don't want the stigma of being twice-divorced.

I have no idea how to even begin to think about making this decision. Neither choice feels particularly appealing.

**tl;dr: Wife cheated on me for months right after we got married, and now even though things seem to be better I'm not sure I want to be married to her. I'm also not sure I want to be divorced. I don't know how to make this decision.**

Summary:
I don't feel those things anymore.
I don't even know how to start this.
I don't know how to make this decision.
I felt at the time like she was on so much stuff that she just wasn't herself.
I don't feel like I can trust her.
I'm also not sure I want to be divorced.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
