Original Response:
We've been dating about a year and a half. We first met in college on the west coast. In college, i found it tough to connect with people, and wound up hanging out a lot with a group of girls, which caused problems. My best friend ( a girl) and my gf did not get a long, and my gf is still convinced that my friend had a thing for me (I don't think she did, as she always was a bit flirty with people and never meant anything by it. I'm trying to say that flirting with a friend who is taken is alright, just that she didn't like me). This caused an earthload of problems for me and my friend group. I also hate conflict and try to avoid it at all costs, and as a result tried to sweep this problem under the rug for far too long. It eventually blew up in my face, and my girlfriend was pissed that during this time I was trying to appease my friends as opposed to listening to what she said. 


Over the summer I tried to let things mellow out, thinking time would heal the wounds, but in the end it did not. In the fall I went abroad, and though my best friend also spent the semester in another country, many of the people in that friend group did not. My gf said that those who were still there were giving her dirty looks and doing stupid stuff to mistreat her. This sounded really out of character for them, and I didn't believe her. GF even started saying that they were banging on her door at night when they were drunk and shouting things at her, like calling her a slut, etc. This also did not sound like them at all. GF asked me to cut off contact from them, and I was reluctant to do so, as they were my closest friends at school. Eventually my gf got a no-contact order against one of the girls, and I changed my tune and started supporting my gf and cut off contact with them. I also found that it was for the best that I cut off contact from my best friend, as I had sent her a note in the spring about the whole situation with my gf. I was drunk when I sent it, and it made her cry, but I was so drunk that the next morning I thought I had cursed her out or something. Nope. Instead I had asked her if she did have a problem with my gf, and if she did to stop, and if she didn't not to worry about the misunderstanding. 


As a result of all this stress, though, while abroad but before I cut contact I started liking another girl as an escape, since I just wanted out from the conflict. I never did anything with her, and I even avoided her. My gf was convinced I was cheating and I told her about the girl to try and be truthful after the mess with my former friends, and that sent her into hysterics. Around the same time my gf found out that I had hooked up with a lot of my female friends at home. I hadn't meant to hide it from her or anything, I'm just a forgetful person and my ex hadn't minded it at all, so I didn't think anything of it. All of the hook ups were while we were drunk, pretty much verging on blacking out, and happened with no feelings involved on either end. Naturally, this created another big shift in my relationship, and I've been working hard ever since to make it up to her. I'm pretty awkward and don't understand people so well, so she has been forgiving. I know I was an idiot and an asshole, but that's not what this post is about, just some background.


This past semester I've been back on campus, along with many of the other people who were abroad. Most of my former friend group didn't know about me cutting contact off with some of them, and some of them--but not all--wondered why I wasn't hanging out with them anymore, and blamed my gf for it. Since I dislike conflict, i just tried to avoid them and superficially tell them what had happened when I couldn't, but this didn't suit my gf, who thought that I should confront them when they say something bad. She insisted that we resolve conflicts her way instead of my way, as a result of my avoiding conflicts causing things to get out of control last spring. This led to some more fights this semester, but overall things have been great, and I've worked really hard to please my gf and she is slowly regaining her trust in me.


The biggest problem came near the end of the semester. My gf and I were walking around campus and saw one of the girls I used to hang out with. She waved and said hi to each of us, a bit more enthusiastically to me than to my gf, which I chalked up to this girl knowing me better than my gf, as she had previously not said anything bad about my gf. My gf, however, demanded that I text her and ask what that was all about, which I thought was a little ridiculous. My gf also met with the Dean of the College to say that these girls had been harassing her over the course of the semester, and the Dean basically didn't listen to my gf at all. After the meeting my gf was very mad, but finals started in a few days so she couldn't do anything really about it.


My former friends have said that my friend my gf has a no-contact order against was not banging on her door or anything of the sort when I was abroad, something I originally thought was just a result of them only hearing the other girl's side of the story, but the Dean makes me wonder about that. The Dean said that my gf was harassing my former friends by confronting them about and bringing stuff like that to the administration's attention. Also, recently, my gf has reacted oddly to things such as getting rejected from job and volunteer positions, saying that the kurt rejection notices she is receiving are very rude. One in particular she complained to the employer about, but deleted the email before I could see it, so I have nothing to go on but her word.


My gf has some trust issues due to being abused when she was younger and her family also has a history of mental illness, which makes me wonder about what's going on with my gf. 


I have no idea if the way she's acting now is a result of my not believing her originally when she said my former friends were mistreating her and everything else, or if it's something else. I love her, but it's quite clear she is far more in love with me than I am with her. I think I think part of it is I'm afraid of being alone, but I do really enjoy her company, although we don't agree on many small things. Is my girlfriend overreacting and being crazy, or is it her trying to get past all the shit I caused last year and while I was abroad? I understand it might take a while for her to get over all that's happened, but some of this seems like such overkill, even for the shit I've done in the past. 


**TL;DR: I was an asshole to my girlfriend in the past, changed my ways, can't figure out if her current odd behavior, such as demanding I confront a former friend because my gf didn't like the way she said hi to her, is a result of my past scumbaggary or my gf having other issues.**

Summary:
This also did not sound like them at all.
This caused an earthload of problems for me and my friend group.
GF asked me to cut off contact from them, and I was reluctant to do so, as they were my closest friends at school.
This sounded really out of character for them, and I didn't believe her.
I never did anything with her, and I even avoided her.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
