Original Response:
Hello Reddit! I apologize if this ends up sporadic or drawn out, I will try my best to explain a kind of weird situation for me to be upset about. First off, I will explain the kind of work environment I am in. I work as a criminal background investigator in a mostly office environment.. every other person in our building has their own cubicle or office. The exception to this being myself and the girl I am having problems with, lets call her Jessica. Jessica and I work in the same room in pretty close proximity. I have no problem with this do not get me wrong, and before she started working here in December I really liked working with the girl before her. 


       Anyways, to the issues.. Jessica actually had a hand in getting the last girl fired. The day Jessica started working here, she went to our boss and said the girl was talking to her and I too much and causing drama and talking down about her (not true!),  I didn't agree and stood up for her, but she still got fired. Oh well, I didn't make it an issue and just did my job. I genuinely liked Jessica at first! She wasn't super friendly or anything, but we did get to know one another a little bit, and she seemed to like me as well. Then about a month in things took a weird turn? I guess.. Jessica revealed to me that she moved here from Chicago to be with her girlfriend, because she is a med student. Ok cool, I am for gay rights no issue! She tells me how her family doesn't understand it and I try to be there for her and supportive with words. She suddenly flips a switch and talks about how she hates how little money she makes here compared to her old job, and how this job is so pointless compared to it... wtf? ok I am confused what that has to do with aforementioned issues. She implied how it was so below her and I just said that the cost of living here is much less than Chicago.. being its a small town in Virginia. She snaps that 'that has nothing to do with anything!' and I just don't say anything. Whatever...

    A few days go by, shes very nice, nothing out of the ordinary. I start talking about my partner, she talks about her girlfriend a lot so I was only trying to share as well.. She instantly states that what he said is "stupid" and that she "Doesn't like him at all". She then goes on to talk about how she doesn't believe any man and woman ever have a happy relationship because all men are this and that and so forth.. I just tuned her out because I felt like she was being really sexist. I love my partner and would never believe anything like that. She is CONSTANTLY! talking down on men how they never do anything right and do wrong by the women in their lives and children.. what? This is NOT always true! As time goes on, it gets worse and worse the things she says about everyone who is not her. She also always goes on about how people discriminate against her for her sexual orientation and because she is African American. She says no one at our job likes her because of it, which is crazy. It isn't true, everyone is very nice to her. No I am NOT racist! I really truly liked her at first.. its her personality that makes me crazy. I am not sure why it is ok for her to talk endless shit about everyone else but if anyone even looks at her a certain way shit hits the fan! 


      Now that even MORE time goes on, she starts getting more weird toward me.. at our job, we are allowed to listen to music on headphones and just focus on our work. I do this, I do not pay attention to what others do around me because I'd rather just get my work done, but she tries to force me to talk to her and will walk up to me and wave her hands in my face just to ask me why I don't talk to her, ask me why I am refusing to converse with her by listening to music every day? We do not need to converse to do our job at all by the way. 

   
     If she ever asks me a question about something she doesn't understand, I answer immediately and try to be as helpful as possible, but she will sometimes snap at me things like "what am I *ANNOYING* you?" to which I will just say no.. not at all.. and go on with my work, but internally I am irritated because she is always accusing me of this crap. She apologized later randomly sincere at first, then said in a snarky way "I guess I misheard then". Ok.. then the next day I didn't hear her because my music was loud and she said "I guess you're not interested in my story" and refused to talk to me after I apologized for not hearing her, simply not believing I didn't hear her... Sigh, I wish I could just work in a cubicle like everyone else because I truly just want to do my work and not talk to anyone. I may seem antisocial, I don't care, I just want to avoid this kind of stuff. 


        Now here is where I am getting really frustrated. The petty comments I can sort of brush off, but now it seems like she is trying to get me and my sister who just started working there fired. I got my sister a job in the data entry department where she just enters names into the system. Well, lately, Tia has taken it upon herself to go to my supervisor with anything she thinks I am doing wrong. She goes to her if she thinks I am not working as long as her, or if it seems like I am not doing as much as her, or if it seems I am not taking as many calls as her. None of which is true, because there is a phone log, obviously a time card, and I help out every department, and she is always discredited. My supervisor actually came to me to simply warn me that it seems like she has an issue with me, and to just be careful (her and I are friends, we trust one another).


         Jessica has started taking it upon herself to let me know every time my sister has messed up in any way. She will say "oh just letting you know your sister misspelled a name and I am going to her supervisor about it", the other day "your sister made ANOTHER mistake I am going to our boss". My sister has made a couple mistakes but she is new, much less than the other new people and is doing very well. The past two days she has asked me "how late did you stay last night?" in an angry tone..I finally got pissed and just told her "quit worrying about what I am doing and worry about yourself". Was I wrong for saying that? I don't understand why she has it out for me? 



    What I want to know, is should I do anything about this? Can I say anything to her to ask her to back off or is that crossing a line? Do you think I crossed a line by saying what I said to her yesterday? :/ It is frustrating because I really love this job. This company appreciates me too, they go above and beyond to make their employees know this, and I do not want to be one to cause problems!



**TL;DR it seems like a co worker has it out for me, or maybe everyone.. what should I do?**

Summary:
and I just don't say anything.
I don't understand why she has it out for me?
She says no one at our job likes her because of it, which is crazy.
I genuinely liked Jessica at first!
Oh well, I didn't make it an issue and just did my job.
Now here is where I am getting really frustrated.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
