Original Response:
I've always prided myself on being a fairly moral guy and being a good person.  All of this went out the window almost a month ago.  I was drinking with my friends at school, the night seemed to be progressing fairly well.  We were a pretty tight knit group that included my girlfriend, and that night, she had decided not to go out.  As of late, I had been thinking of breaking it off with her to broaden my horizons, and it must have tainted my thoughts because at some point in the night my body decided that I had drank too much and I blacked out.  My night went as follows Chilling-&gt;go to my friend's dorm building-&gt;black-&gt;making out with two girls who arent my girlfriend-&gt;black-&gt;my friends are telling me to stop and not do anything more, and in my drunken stupor, I tell them not to worry about it-&gt;black-&gt;threesome.  The way I present this seems like it's something I wanted to do and could've backed out of.  But I really couldn't.  The follow up -&gt;  My friends complete abandon me, but my girlfriend, who was perfect in every way, forgave me.  She forgave me.  

Now believe me when I say I was sick to my stomach after it happened.  Everything I had ever thought about myself was gone.  I wasn't a good guy anymore, and there was nothing I could do to change or fix what I did.  Never in my life had I been so ashamed, have I ever felt disgust towards any action I've ever made.  And this was just so powerful that I spent the next few days in a state of shock.  No emotions.  I couldn't reconcile in my mind what I had done.  

A few days later, most of the group gathered together to pretty much shame me and tell me every terrible thing they thought about me and bring up every little gripe they've ever had with who I was as a person, through all of this I was pretty numb.  I cried a bit, but I felt that I deserved anything that I got.  They forced me to promise that I wouldn't try to go back out with her.  They kicked me out of the school club that we all met in and hung out at.  They stripped me of my administrative position in said club.  Once again, I felt that I deserved all of it.

But despite everything, and all of their badmouthing me to her and in spite of what I did.  She still forgave me.  She was perfect.  At the end of the first week, she and I met up, I was planning on telling her that we couldn't go back out.  (My home friends were also telling me it was a bad idea, not just the school friends who shunned me.)  But when I saw her, I just couldn't get over how much I loved her.  We got back together but for a half an hour when I decided that NO, ENOUGH IS ENOUGH, and I told her we couldn't go back out because everyone would look down on us and be mad at her, and basically, I did what others wanted and not what I wanted.  This hurt her badly, but everyone else seemed like they approved.  But then over the course of the following week, no matter what I did or how hard I tried, I couldn't think of anything but her.  I'm still finding her hairs on jackets and things.  At the end of week 2, i messaged her on facebook, a grovelling, begging wall of text.  I've been in many relationships and never have I felt such a strong desire to win someone back.  She said give it another week with 0 contact.  I man up and don't bother her for a full 7 days, sunday to sunday, i meet up with her after work and we speak for 3 hours, i get down on my knees and I almost got her back.  But she insisted that after the stunt 2 weeks prior where we dated again for 30 minutes, there was no way she could trust me now and that she still loved me so much etc, but now she was trying to move on.  It turned out that one of our former mutual friends was now putting the moves on her and they had had sex over the week of silence.  I told her I didn't care at all, and I truly didn't, it's her perogative and her freedom to do what she can to get over me, but I tried as hard as I've ever tried to beg her and plead with her, I had never begged before in my life.  But she said no, that she needed more time and that she was going to date our friend.  That was this past sunday and every day since then I've just been sending her the most grovellingly pathetic walls of text on facebook.  She responds with counter arguments and justifications, but I'm still trying.  I know I shouldn't and that this back and forth isn't good for her, because she still loves and still would like to be my girlfriend, but says that now isn't the time.  

Reddit, I love her so much, any of the thoughts I had about not wanting to be with her are more than gone.  I know my chances are up, but I can't stop thinking about her.  I've been in a lot of relationships that lasted much longer than ours, but right now I'm the most distraught, forlorn, lost, and heartbroken I've ever been.  This is the most intense emotion I've ever felt.  I'm normally pretty stone cold.  This is killing me, I haven't been to many of my classes in the past month and am going to try to take a medical leave from the semester.  

THE QUESTION:  Does anyone have tips for just getting over her and losing every close friend I have on campus.

I'm also very sorry for poor formatting and just unintelligent blathering, but I'm really not in a good place.

TL;DR - Cheated, friends abandon me, she forgives me, i take their advice and tell her we can't go back out, she's heatbroken, i realize that i still want her too late, i try, but fail, and now i'm the saddest I've ever been in my life with absolutely no friends on campus and only my home friends who can't in any way relate to talk to.

Summary:
Everything I had ever thought about myself was gone.
This is the most intense emotion I've ever felt.
They forced me to promise that I wouldn't try to go back out with her.
But she said no, that she needed more time and that she was going to date our friend.
But when I saw her, I just couldn't get over how much I loved her.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
