Original Response:
My current significant other (20 F) and I (23 M) met each other last summer through close friends that were seeing each other at the time. The girls would come over to my buddy’s place and drink with us on the weekend, and her and I got to know each other better in time. We started hooking up, which led to sex, but she told me she didn’t want a boyfriend but liked what we had. 


Now, something about me that she didn’t know at first is that I’m diagnosed with schizophrenia. During the time I met her until, let’s say February, I thought God was living inside me and talking through me, as I was talking and doing things involuntarily and I was convinced it was God doing it. I lived primarily on doing things involuntarily for almost the whole time I first met her, because I was convinced it was how God wanted me to live (“He who finds his life loses it, whoever loses it for the sake of the Gospel finds it” is how I convinced myself I was right) It wasn’t until about February that I gave up that way of living and took control of my own life again.


We stayed in touch in the summer and she would sleep over and we would drink and watch movies and the sort, but when the Fall semester came she went down to school and “God” didn’t keep in touch with her very much, for days on end at times and she got upset that I didn’t stay in touch very much. Somewhere between summer and fall I told her I was schizophrenic and heard voices and had this God issue, and she seemed alright with it. I came to campus a few times, she came back a few times and we hung out, and all was otherwise alright. I moved her out for winter break, and things got better because I’d see her more often and I seemed more interested in her. I began taking initiative and trying to be myself and the “God” problems disappeared, and on Christmas she told me she loved me. However, she still didn’t want a boyfriend even though we hung out, texted, exchanged “I-love-you”s, had lots of sex, and even went on dates. It was like we were boyfriend and girlfriend without labels. Winter break and spring semester were fine, we texted a lot, but as the semester progressed she stopped inviting me down because school got so busy. She also wouldn’t invite me down on weekends because she was going out to party and didn’t think I’d want to hang out with a younger crowd, even though I told her I’d love to go to parties and meet people. We would still manage to see each other about once a week somehow, but as of today I haven’t seen her in two weeks.


The mutual friends we shared that were hooking up have long been apart. The female blocked him off Facebook, and blocked his number, and is avoiding him at all costs. I’d call it an ugly breakup, but she told him they “could never, ever, ever date” when they were still together. He was harassing my girl trying to get to his girl and she blocked him off just like her friend did. Now last week he messaged me telling me she’s a trick, I fell for it, and she’s not worth it because she gets wasted and hooks up with dudes behind my back, saying that her friend would tell him when she was a “Bad Girl” over the weekends they didn’t come back from school. I think he’s a little jealous that I’m still with his former girl’s best friend but he’s with another girl already, been with two since then actually, but he seems devoted to breaking us up. I did bring it up to her and she says she made out with a former fuck-buddy twice, and has turned down many advances by him since then. She also tells me how she’s turned down advances of other guys at parties I’m not invited to. Fuck buddy texts and snap-chats her all the time, they grind at dubstep concerts, and he tries to fuck her at parties but she turns him down, according to her. She tells me she made out with him because “she didn’t know if we were going to last, if this random guy she started hooking up with during the summer (me) was going to mean anything to her”, as well as “It’s just making out, it doesn’t mean anything”. So friend didn’t lie, and I can’t be sure the whole truth was told by this girl but she says that is it. 


I’m wondering what I should think about this. What I call trust has dwindled because she compromised what I called being together with a “ I don’t know if it’s going to last, let me make out a few times with this guy I used to fuck and still text all the time because we’re just friends”. I feel like I need to keep my schizophrenic mindset in mind as I analyze this because I wasn’t staying in touch with her in that fall semester, when she made out with him. However she has told me several times about how she could never hook up with two dudes at once because she would feel like a horrible person. I really like this girl, and honest I don’t have many friends anymore since my schizophrenia ruined many friendships and other people were just not good people and I lost interest in them so it’s hard to just say let’s start over because I’m not very social and she’s great when she’s around. I don’t want to end this but I feel so shitty to have the wool pulled over my eyes, even if I wasn’t myself during the first part of this relationship. What does Reddit think? She definitely likes sex more than I do, and claims that’s what made us last as long as we did, but I care more about a relationship and love, and the sex for me is like just doing something that makes her happy, which is pretty good at the same time but not that important to me. Would you keep her? What would you want to say to her?


TL;DR I’m schizophrenic and she’s confessed to have hooked up with former fuck-buddy while we were not officially “dating” but says she wouldn’t now.


edit: paragraph spacing to please the auto-moderator, although it was already spaced.

Summary:
What would you want to say to her?
I’m wondering what I should think about this.
We started hooking up, which led to sex, but she told me she didn’t want a boyfriend but liked what we had.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
