Original Response:
TLDR: After becoming increasingly cold over the last few months, my wife of 15 years admitted to me last night that she "isn't sure she still loves me.". We have three elementary aged kids and a lot of history. I'm dying inside. What do I do?


NOTE: Sorry for the wall of text! This is as much a therapeutic exercise to get my thoughts out there, as it is a request for comments/advice. Please be respectful, try to avoid the reflex "dump that cheating whore", and help a heartbroken father of three(me) assess how to proceed with a woman he considers his best friend and with whom he's built a life. 


Also, I am seeking counseling, and the Mrs. has tentatively agreed to participate, so I will update as we (hopefully) progress. I may show her this post, so keep that in mind as you respond.


BACKSTORY


First some important history. Up until two years ago, we had seemingly a perfect relationship. We had decent communication, we never fought (we still never fight), and we were best friends. So two summers ago, I was working a 12 week job away from the family. It was hard being away, but my wife would fly out to see me every month. On one of those visits, we went to the movies and she stepped out to use the restroom. 


Her phone buzzed, and so I opened it up to find a conversation between her and a guy, who I later discovered, she'd met on her flight to visit me! The conversation was relatively benign, except at the very end she sent him a semi-nude picture (via snapchat). My heart sank, and it blew me away because I NEVER suspected her of this type of thing. I confronted her and she claimed it was harmless fun, something she'd never done and thought it would be exciting.


She promised to block the guy, but over the next week she continued to text and snapchat the guy even though she'd promised she wouldn't. When I confronted her again with evidence of her continued communication, she first denied, then blamed me, and then ultimately began to cry and say she wouldn't do it anymore - she never apologized. But to get past the trust issue that this episode had created, we promised to have an open phone policy - if either of us wanted to look at the other's phone, we'd only need to ask.


LAST FEW YEARS


Over the last few years she's become increasingly obsessed with her looks. She works out once or twice a day, and as a result looks amazing. She says she just wants to feel and look good, now that she's done having kids, and that made sense to me - and I didn't mind how great she was looking. At the same time, she's been dealing with a mini-crisis of identity. She was a stay-at-home mom for 10 years of our marriage, and now that the kids are older she's not sure what to do with herself. 


Also, important to note is that the sexting issue from two years ago continues to nag me. While I've only brought it up twice since, it makes me see infidelity where it's not (or where I hope it's not). She makes guy friends at the gym, which is fine, but because she's disappointed me once, I assume the worst. Nonetheless, I've for the most part kept quiet about these feelings thinking it's something I need to deal with myself. And up until last night, I'd never used the "open phone" policy.


LAST FEW MONTHS


Over the last few months, she's become more distant. She's stopped saying "I love you" at the typical times when we'd previously said it. She's been crying randomly, and when I ask what's going on she says she can't talk about it. We spend a lot of time together, every weeknight and weekend and she drives me to and from work everyday - and communication has been good with the exception of this challenge she's dealing with.


About a month ago she brought up seeking counseling, mentioned she wonders if depression is the culprit of how she's feeling. I encouraged her to do so and so she tried calling a therapist, but they never got back to her and she hasn't followed up.


She has guys at the gym she works out with - which bothers me but it's an irrational feeling. One guy, in particular, a 22 year trainer at the gym, has taken a liking to her (she claims it's to train her because she has potential) and he gives her free training sessions. Now she doesn't hide this, and he even trains her when I'm at the gym at the same time as her, so it's probably innocent (at least on her part), but it creates suspicion in my mind.


LAST NIGHT


So last night, she was being (at least in my mind), overly protective of her phone. She showed me a picture she'd taken of the kids, and when I grabbed the phone to get a better look she was clearly uncomfortable with me holding the phone (also note that lately she's been keeping the phone on her constantly, hides it under her pillow when she sleeps, and regularly changes her passcode.) Then, about 10 minutes later, one of the kids called from their bed and when she went to check on him she grabbed her phone (but in a way to try to hide that she was taking it). When she returned, she'd hid the phone in her pants so I couldn't see that she'd taken it.


This was all I could take. I handed her my phone and said, "I'm bringing out the open phone policy card - you can see mine and I want to see yours". She refused, said she "didn't remember" agreeing to that, and a two hour discussion ensued. During this conversation she
     a) continued to refuse to show me her phone, claiming that the reason was that she was using it as a journal to document how she was feeling/dealing with her depression. I offered to only look at her texting/messaging/Facebook apps, and that we could look through it together but she said no - claiming it was a violation of her privacy and a lack of trust on my part.
    b) told me that the reason she was crying often, and that she couldn't tell me what was bothering her, was that she "wasn't sure" she still loved me and thus didn't want to hurt me. That she wasn't sure we should still be married, that "she'd lost all feeling", that she wasn't sure who she was or who she wanted to be.


I was devastated - first because I feel like I've been trying to be a good husband and father. We rarely fight and I think I treat her well or at least I try. I recently took a new job that makes our family really good money working only 40 hours a week so that I can spend time with her and the kids. I take good care of myself, go to the gym regularly, and we have a healthy sex life. She is truly my best friend, I love her more than anything, and so it KILLED me to hear that she supposedly doesn't feel the same.


I was also devastated because it leaves the suspicion that something more is going on. I want to believe it's depression, and I want to help and be there for her. But why not show me her communication? Why keep that secret? What is she hiding?


TODAY


So we've hardly spoken today. I took an UBER to work and now I'm sitting next to my youngest daughter while my wife builds a puzzle with our son. I scheduled a preliminary call with a marriage counselor for next Tuesday (I haven't told her yet), but what do I do between now and then? Do I pretend nothing is going on? Do I try to engage a discussion again (last night's discussion didn't help much because she is very closed up right now)? We have a babysitter coming over tonight (we go on a date together at least once a week), but I feel like it's going to be a very awkward evening. Should I be the one to take the lead to save this marriage, or expect her to take that initiative?


Help!

Summary:
I want to believe it's depression, and I want to help and be there for her.
She has guys at the gym she works out with - which bothers me but it's an irrational feeling.
This was all I could take.
I was also devastated because it leaves the suspicion that something more is going on.
She's stopped saying "I love you" at the typical times when we'd previously said it.
And up until last night, I'd never used the "open phone" policy.
But why not show me her communication?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
