Original Response:
I am undoubtedly in love with my friend. I met him last fall, when I started at the university we both attend. We both ended up in a small group that met on a weekly basis and I always looked forward to seeing him there (because he's ridiculously attractive and an all-around amazing person). I was lucky we had that, since I'm an 18-year-old freshman and he's a 21-year-old junior, we won't have any classes together. So from late August to early December we built a friendship and started to talk outside of the group on a more frequent basis, but almost always on campus between classes and such. We went for coffee a couple times with a mutual friend of ours, but never just us. 

I always liked him, but I was pretty convinced that I had no chance with him. I went on a few dates with another guy in October, but that ended quickly because I never really liked that one. When that was over, I decided to just give him a shot. We talk about music a lot so I told him he might like this artist that I had been listening to, and offered to make him a CD. The first half of the CD was filled with the artist but on the second half I put a few other songs I thought he might like. But all of those songs had a message. They said things like "I'll be the one you want." and "I tried" and lots of "you and me" sort of things. But I avoided the word "love" because I didn't love him at the time.

So fast forward to December, when finals were over he went home for the break. His family lives about an hour away and mine is very close to our school. Also, he had been planning on studying abroad the next semester for quite some time, and I knew this. I was worried that I wasn't even going to see him until next fall, I could barely stand the thought. During the break we occasionally talked via Facebook. But I decided to go out on a limb and I sent him a text that said something  like "I want to see you before you leave :)" It went unanswered and I was pretty bummed out. 

Then, about a week after that, he texted me out of the blue to tell me he liked something on my twitter profile. A conversation followed and he told me that he had been putting together a CD of some good songs he had come across and was planning on coming up to my area and wanted to see me. Obviously, I was very happy about that. 

So he came up, and picked me up from my house around noon and took me to coffee at a place a way's away because he didn't want to run into anyone he knew, because he had already said his goodbye's. He payed for my coffee and we stayed there for about an hour and a half talking. After that we went to a bookstore, he had something in mind that he wanted to get and we walked around the store looking at stuff for a while, we then went to the apartment of one of his friends because he needed to drop something off. Then we went to dinner with one other guy. He ended up dropping me off at home at around 7:30, it was a friendly goodbye, not the kiss I had been longing for. But he basically drove up just to spend the day with me.

When I got home from that, I started listening to the CD he gave me. The last track he had titled as "Guess :)" and the lyrics were "being your friend is the way I say I love you" and I about had a heart attack when I heard that, but it turns out the song was recorded by one of our professors, so I don't know what to think of it. But the other songs were all perfect "I was prepared to love you, I never expect anything of you." "Come on skinny love, just last the year" "This will be a better year" "I'll wait for you" and such. But maybe I'm just hearing what I want to hear. But a lot of them talk about love. While listening to that, I realized I was in love with him. It was like my heart was swelling up and taking over everything inside of me and my entire body was beating with it. I have never been happier. 

So a couple days later he left study abroad... seven thousand miles away from me. He'll be back in April, so it's not too long. But when he left I went through a mini depression. I couldn't eat for a couple days, but I snapped out of it when i realized how stupid and pointless that was. 

I couldn't contact him until about a week after he left with the travel and time change and him having a crazy schedule and all that. But eventually we were online at the same time and he was able to skype me. We have been able to video chat 3 times in the past 20 days, since he left. The conversations have been for significant amounts of time. An hour to two hours. We just talk about life. We talk about what we're up to and what we're excited for and share anecdotes. But we never talk about us. 

I'm dying to tell him that I love him, but part of me knows that I have to wait until he gets back. I'm also very insecure about how I think he feels about me. I'm certain that he cares about me. I'm pretty sure that he's interested in me. Sometimes I think he loves me, sometimes I'm sure he doesn't. 

How could I know? What should I do?

TL;DR Everything in our relationship could be considered friendly, but he pays special attention to me and spends time with me.

Summary:
But a lot of them talk about love.
But we never talk about us.
I am undoubtedly in love with my friend.
I have never been happier.
But when he left I went through a mini depression.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
