Original Response:
I'm sorry that this post is so lengthy. I just really need some objective opinions now. 
Any advice would be appreciated~!

We were together for a year and 3 months. I’m 25, he’s 26. He lives 5 hours away from me. We have been long distance most of the time and both had marriage in mind to begin with. 

We are both adventurous type of person, and always have a good time with each other, but there are some difficult problems with our relationship that we haven’t found ways to solve.  I don’t want to waste his or my time anymore but it’s so painful to let go of someone special to you.  We tried to break up three times, but still find ourselves wanting each other.

I summarized the problems in the following. 

First, Career conflicts

I have been pursuing my career in Optometry in the past two years and just got admitted to a top-notch program. His career requires him to travel extensively and relocate every two years. He needs someone completely supportive to put his career first and travel with him, which means I will have to change jobs every two years.  I want to travel with him, but my current career path is not a good fit for this kind of lifestyle. We’ve explored all the options and asked many people, and it seems that the best chance for me to hold a job is to become a teacher at international schools. 
I love learning and am very open to new things, but to give up a good career and live on different jobs with a high possibility of being unemployed at some point overseas makes me feel insecure. 

I have looked into the teacher training programs at his city and moved in with him during spring last year, thinking I will be a teach instead of a doctor. But we had a fight and almost broke up. So I went back to pursue my career in Optometry and stayed long distance. He visited me often and we always go out on adventurous, but around October, we both felt that our relationship was not moving forward even though it felt like nothing was wrong.  I asked for a break in November to give us some space and time to think about the future. He couldn’t handle the break and almost endangered his career. He asked me to quit Optometry school and marry him over the phone. If not we had to break up. I couldn’t make up my mind because I felt that I needed more assurance from him. Part of the reason is that I have trust issues after the our first break last year and the other part is that I felt we haven’t learned to handle each other well due to our personalities. I wanted to wait a little longer to make that leap. 

Second,  Trusting 100%

I couldn’t trust him 100% after the break in spring last year. That’s when we first attempted to live together. Three weeks after I moved in (I had a part time job but was not very happy or fully adjusted to the new place yet), he got a call from his ex (they dated 7 years ago, but always stayed friends). I confronted him and he showed doubts about me being the one and attacked me personally. I went back to my city with a broken heart thinking he didn’t deserve me. This was our first fight after being together for four months. 
Neither of us have had any relationship this serious before. After three weeks apart, we made up, but agreed to stay in LDR for a while until I finish my school applications. 

I’ve always felt that he has more female contacts outside work than my other guy friends. His explanation is that because when he was at school and work, 99% of the people were males, he needed some balance. I guess it’s good that from talking to them he can learn to understand from a girl’s perspective which makes him thoughtful. But I feel weird when I know that he still kept the promise of meeting his ex once a year to catch up. (he says there’s nothing between them but I found out through a mutual friend that he had some deep feelings for this girl. She has a boy friend but would still contact him once in a while.)
So because of this, I’ve always felt a little unease and want to make sure that he gives me 100% percent before I commit to him and change my career. 


Third,  Personality and personal growth

He has a type A kinda personality and want things done fast, and can be very impatient sometimes. I am very patient and nurturing so when he throws temper or become stressed out, I know how to comfort him or cheer him up. We rarely have fights; we had two during the entire course of the relationship, but each lead us to a break-up. 
The latest one was two months ago. 
I was waiting for schools respond while studying for the admission test after Christmas. I went to live with him before the New Year. Because I wanted to concentrate on the exam, I tried to block out other distractions including him. He would have hour-long conversations with other female friends while I studied. When I walked close, he would cut the conversation short and hang up. I am normally cool with him have other female friends. but I got a little mad this time and acted cold to him. He was mad at me for not giving him the attention he wanted (playing video game or watching movies with him. He was also sexually deprived cos I was having my period). It just happened that our lease at this place was ending and he was under the pressure to find a new apartment for both of us. It was my fault for not helping him with these responsibilities. He accused me for being boring and wanted to break-up with me for good. 
I didn’t fight because I took his words hard this time. He crushed my confidence when I needed support the most. I felt betrayed and alienated. I suppressed all the anger inside and left gracefully.  After a week we both cooled down, I realized how unbalanced and unhappy I was because of the test. I regretted not giving him attention. But I started to get school offers and everything in my life seemed to push me forward. When we talked on the phone he sounded sad and said his mom yelled at him for breaking up with me and he doesn’t want to lose me. But I was still feeling hurt so I didn’t respond. 
I admit that as the only child, I’m very sensitive and have been too sheltered by my overprotective parents. He is the complete opposite; grow up with lots of tough love and even lived on the street after he got into trouble. He is very extroverted in front of people, but an introvert in private.  I’m an introvert mostly, but an extrovert when I hang out with more introverted people. 




Now it’s been two months since I left. I got accepted into my top-choice program and have met some new friends. He had gone on several missions overseas and had a taste of the glamour and also the danger of his job. We both went on casual date with someone. But two days ago, I broke the rule and called him and confessed that I still feel that he’s special and wanted to know if he felt the same. The answer is yes, but he doesn’t know what to do.  

I don’t know what to do either. We are in this bad cycle that because I’m unsure to commit career wise, he is unsure to commit emotionally; and I’m unsure because he’s unsure. To me, whether to be a teacher of a doctor is not that important anymore. It’s just the lifestyle I’m choosing. I will be happy with either one. However, to choose traveling as a teacher along his side, I want to have the secure feeling that he will tolerate me and have faith in me. When I become unemployed, he can take care of me and love me the same way while I look for other things to do. I just need someone to be supportive of my personal growth. I do not want to be a burden at anytime, but if I choose him, the chances are high that at some point I might need to depend on him. Not having financial independence scares me. 
I am very confused now and don’t know what to choose. He’s coming back this weekend and wants me to go visit the weekend after. He wants to play by the ear. 

Dear Reddit, how do I make sure that I am making the right choice?  Should we go see a relationship counselor? 


TL;DR Having trouble deciding on whether to makeup with bf and work out problem but have to quit on becoming a doctor, instead, be an international school teacher, or have a clean-break and find someone who will fit my life as an eye doctor who loves traveling.

Summary:
I went to live with him before the New Year.
I don’t know what to do either.
I just need someone to be supportive of my personal growth.
We tried to break up three times, but still find ourselves wanting each other.
I am very confused now and don’t know what to choose.
He needs someone completely supportive to put his career first and travel with him, which means I will have to change jobs every two years.
He crushed my confidence when I needed support the most.
He would have hour-long conversations with other female friends while I studied.
I will be happy with either one.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
