Original Response:
I realize the title on its own may seem out of line. But we have a little bit of backstory to cover first. I am 20f, he is 26m, we have been dating for 10 months, and are supposed to be getting married in 9 days. 


The backstory: 
Before we started dating he was in a relationship for about 3 years. He described it as boring, unfulfilling, and stated that he had spent about two years on and off trying to end it, before finally doing so 4 months before we started dating. He told me upfront that she came over to do her laundry and that was it. I said fine, can I be there when that happens? He said no. He didn't want to hurt her feelings. She kept calling him leaving crying voicemails etc. begging to see him etc. I told him this had to end and he must tell her we were together. He never did. She finally came to his condo one day when I was there alone and that is how she found out. She cried, and left. He claimed since they broke up they had seen eachother a couple times casually to meet up for lunch or something. Nothing physical, ever. He constantly brought up the idea of meeting up with her for coffee, lunch, whatever. I wasn't comfortable with it and he agreed and said okay. I'll just cut to the things he has done since then, 


1. sent her $500 to take a trip to her hometown without telling me
2. randomly broke up with me one day and went straight to her apartment to get his vaccuum back, and let her take his dog to the dog park
3. she came over one day after he had proposed to me and he kept inviting her in and trying to talk with her. (never, ever mentioned this entire encounter for 6 months until i found out. Despite me asking if she had said anything to him or talked to him after she met me)
4. went through his computer history one day because I had a hunch, he had been going on her facebook every single day for months. not talking to her, just looking through all her pictures and posts.  
5. went to a concert here that I desperately tried to get tickets too but couldn't. and texted her to see if she was there and hung out with her. told me a few days later he "ran into her" the truth came out eventually. this is after he had promised he would not be seeing her. 
6. tells me she randomly showed up one day to return some of his property in october. I found out this morning looking for something in his phone that he lied again. he had known since 9 am that day, texted her 4 or 5 times that he wanted to talk and to call him. After promising he would let me know if they had any contact and definitely have me be there for face to face contact, he did not. He told me about two days later. He hung out with her for maybe 45 minutes chatting. 
6. I find out he was sleeping with her the entire time up until a few days before we started dating. Lied about it our whole relationship. (EDIT: the reason this was a problem is because he then refused to tell her we were together, and kept trying to remain friends (not just text once in a while friends, but go out to do things friends) with someone he was sleeping with a couple weeks before. Not cool in my book)


I am not one of those people who finds going through texts a big deal. I don't do it often, but he does not care if I do and he does to me too. We have an open policy on everything. That is how I found out some of the above. What I didn't find out through that, he admitted after I told him I wanted copies of his phone records. 


In general, we have a great relationship. We are happy, things are easy, we have fun. We are both atheist, love music and travel and documentaries and our dogs. We both want to marry eachother and have kids and things are just pretty great. Our whole relationship he has brought me flowers and chocolate constantly. Takes care of me when I'm sick. Writes songs for me. Tells me I am sexy and beautiful over and over again every day. He cooks me special meals, he is very romantic and caring. I love him immensely. 


After finding out a lot of those lies at one time, I moved out in september, broke up with him, and got my own apartment. I was in an extremely physically abusive relationship before I met him. I spent about two months where I couldn't leave my house because I was physically recovering. He was in jail for domestic violence with great bodily injury. Needless to say, he was a douche bag. After that relationship finally ended I tend to operate under the typical redditor's MO, dump him if he doesn't treat you right. 


However over the next few months he really started to show me how much I meant to him and that he wanted to fix things. Since then, things have been amazing. He is everything I ever wanted. He moved in with me here, and I have been loving life. I am also 3 months pregnant. It was a surprise, but he was happy, and so was I. Our wedding is in 9 days. 


My problem is this: since I found out this morning he had lied to me about that day she came over to return his property, it has re-ignited some old mistrustful feelings. I am pregnant and extremely hormonal and aware of this, but I asked to see his phone records before I promise my life to him. He immediately said no but maintains he has nothing to hide. I have offered up my phone records as well. I have no problem doing so. I feel justified in this because after he has decieved me time and time again, I would like to go into this marriage knowing cock sure that he has now been totally honest with me. If he has nothing to hide why is he so against this? His only reason has been, "This doesn't feel right..." I immediately replied with "Do you think it felt "right" when you lied to me for months on end?" I just want to put this to rest! I know I will be extremely happy marrying him, I just want to go into it with the absolute truth. 


Am I out of line or is he? I have told him I will not marry him without this information after a heated debate erupted over this. Reddit, help!!


tl;dr: Brevity is not really my thing

Summary:
I have no problem doing so.
He is everything I ever wanted.
He told me about two days later.
He moved in with me here, and I have been loving life.
I find out he was sleeping with her the entire time up until a few days before we started dating.
That is how I found out some of the above.
I told him this had to end and he must tell her we were together.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
