Original Response:
Hey all -- I'm having a hard time figuring out myself and what I really want in a relationship. I put in a lot of background context. When I read posts here, I always like to get as complete an idea of what's going on with people, so I tried to paint a full picture of myself. Read if you interested, but if not, you can probably get the jist of it all in the last 4 paragraphs. Enjoy!

I'll start with the full background of my sexuality. When I first started having sexual thoughts and feelings (around age 10-11), they were generally toward both genders equally. Even though this was only about 10 years ago, I feel like society was far less friendly to gays at the time, so I hoped that my feelings toward girls would win out over my feelings toward boys. I was always a sporty, athletic kind of guy, and my friends would drop "that's so gay" about stuff enough for me to know that being gay definitely wasn't a good thing for someone like me.

Once I started actually having wet dreams and masturbating (age 12), about 90% of it was thinking about boys. But usually, it wasn't JUST boys. I never watched gay porn and was even grossed out by it. I would jerk it to the thought of a girl and a guy hooking up, but it mattered more to me if the guy was cute than what the girl looked like. The thing though, even though I felt more sexually gay, I kept having crushes and "falling in love" with girls at school. I'd meet a girl from another school at a track meet and be head over heels for her, but then go home and jerk it to the thought of the boys from school changing before gym class.

In high school (ages 14-18), I had a few relationships with girls. I never did anything sexual or even kissed a girl, but still had these overwhelming attractions for them. I remember at age 16 getting dumped by one girl right before a school vacation and spending the whole week all mopey and crying over it. And every time I started to get strong feelings for a girl, I felt much less of a desire to jerk it to boys. Also, at this time in my life, I didn't believe bisexuality was a thing. I figured I was gay deep down, but had the ability to change it or control it if I met the right girl.

When I first went to college (age 18-20), I started hooking up with girls and actually having sex with them. I never felt straighter in my life. I could make out with girls, legitimately get boners, have sex, and feel good during it! I had a few other big crushes and relationship flare-ups, but nothing long term. After one particularly tough rejection when I was 20, I decided I explore my gay side. 

I started experimenting with guys the next couple years (ages 21-22). The first guy I hooked up with was a meet-up from Manhunt. He wasn't nearly as good looking as his picture, and I didn't care for his personally, but it felt exhilarating to actually touch a guy. However, I left the hook-up feeling disgusted in myself, and wanting to never be with a guy ever again.

I did wind up meeting up with other guys. Usually it was through Manhunt, Grindr, or Tinder. One time I hooked up with a guy off of eye contact at a club. I came out to my friends and family, and came out as GAY. I felt like I was finally embracing who I am. I wound up in a relationship with a guy who was 130 pounds of useless dead weight, but was so excited to be in a relationship that I looked past his flaws. Our break-up took months, and was one of the darkest chapters of my life. After that train of misery, I couldn't even bring myself to want to look at another guy. 

At age 22, I wound up dating a girl at work who was part of a social circle to which I never came out. We had a solid couple months together before she moved away for med school. I stayed single for a few months after, too focused on my own grad school program. 

Last summer (age 23), I started to get back into the dating scene, and found myself flip-flopping between guys and girls more frequently than ever before in my life. I'd go on a Tinder date with a girl Friday, then hook up with a guy from Grindr on Saturday. It was the first time in my life I started to identify as bisexual.

Now, with all that being said, I'm having a hard time figuring out exactly what I want in a partner. I have a strong desire to date a woman and be in a PARTNERSHIP with a woman, but I think my pure sexual attraction skews more toward men. 

The big problem with this is that it is a lot harder and takes much more work to build a partnership with someone than it is to find a hook-up. I find that women are much more guarded when talking, and it takes a lot longer to figure out if there is potential for a long term connection. On the other hand, I could probably find a guy to hook up with in about 24 hours any day of the week. So when I start feeling lonely or discouraged, I find that I start going for the quick satisfaction of a guy.

I think I keep choosing the short term satisfaction of hooking up with guys even though I have no interest in a LTR with a man. And I find it a lot harder to communicate with women. I've told every guy I've hooked up with that I'm bisexual, but never told a woman (granted, I've never dated a woman more than a month since I started to identify as bi).

All this being said, r/relationships, what thoughts do you have about my situation? Any advice? I'd appreciate any ideas or feedback. 

TL;DR I'm bisexual [M], and want a partnership with a woman. But I'm not having success, and find that I keep hooking up with guys, even though I have no interest in an LTR with a man. Any advice?

Summary:
I never felt straighter in my life.
I did wind up meeting up with other guys.
The first guy I hooked up with was a meet-up from Manhunt.
It was the first time in my life I started to identify as bisexual.
One time I hooked up with a guy off of eye contact at a club.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
