Original Response:
This is really hard for me to come out with but I don't know where else to turn. I've been having this suspicion for a very long time and now I think is a good time to ask for some advice because she's really starting to get on my nerves and making me very uncomfortable.

For starters I'd have to tell you the backstory, in the last year things have not been good for my family. After 25 years of arguing and sometimes physical violence (both parents are guilty of this) my parents finally went ahead with a divorce. It wasn't an easy one and the yelling and fighting only intensified until finally my father moved out. This was a huge blow for me and it almost resulted in me dropping out weeks before I graduated from High School. Also I didn't have the most supportive of friends and as a result only alienated myself from those who were trying to be supportive to me. Luckily I was able to hold on and graduate, but the worst was yet to come as the summer would bring me into a deeper depression.

This also affected my mother as she on multiple occasions would have a mental breakdowns crying, threatening to abandon us and also hinting at the desire to commit suicide. I had to hide all knives in the kitchen for a week because I didn't know what else to do. I have a suspicion that my mother at some level may have a mental illness because this has been her MO for my entire life. Short episodes of mental breakdowns followed by kindness and generosity as if nothing ever happened. She also has the tendency to have nightmares of my sister and I being killed by animals, natural disasters, and serial killers. Which I also understand as being another sign of mental illness. And she tells this to us like its normal, and I've become so used to hearing these stories that I don't even bother to listen to the details. 

My mother was born and raised in the Doninican Republic and comes from a very impoverished area where this type of behavior is normal. Every time I visit my mothers hometown I'm reminded of the culture and environment that she grew up in. My Father is also Doninican but came to the States at a very young age and so for the most is Americanized. So I do believe that these cultural differences play role but I'm only including this so you have an understanding where she came from.

So as the Summer continued so did the fighting and yelling. And I had no escape from it as most of my "Friends" essentially abandoned me which only made the depression worse. And during this time whenever my father wasn't home my mother would cry continuously for hours. I understand that the divorce was hard for her but at some point you would think she would get her shit together and try to move on. But she continued to dwell on it, and when I was about to leave for college things only got worse as she kept crying that somehow I was abandoning her going off to college. This really pissed me off as I could see that she was trying to make me feel guilty for going to college. I understand that it's a big thing for a mother to see her child go off to college but it's another thing when she tries to make me feel bad about it. But finally I moved out and for the first time in a long time I lived in peace.

But it didn't stop there now she continues to text me everyday and gets upset if I don't respond immediately. I don't mind that she contacts me and wants to know what I'm doing but she gets worried if I don't respond within two hours of texting as if something has happened. I don't go out or even party, my college experience has been relatively boring and I constantly have to remind her that I literally don't do anything except study and play video games. But now in the last week things have gotten a little strange. While I was texting her she began to send me suggestive pictures of herself, like the ones you would get from a girl who is clearly into you. You know curved back, over the head, showing the curves that kind of thing. It's nothing too lude but it's definitely not the type of pictures
 that a mother should be sending to her son. And then she insists that I send her a selfie in return, which made even more uncomfortable than before. 

I might be overthinking it but I'm the only male figure in her life right now and she constantly tells me she loves me. Which isn't a problem but after seeing the way she behaves around me I think she really means it. And this only in the last year. A couple years earlier I woke up in my bed to see the sheets of my bed folded and my limp penis poking out of the hole in my pajamas, and trust me I know when I've played with my dick and that night I didn't. So the next night before I went to bed  I placed my backpack in front of my door to try and trip anybody who would come into my room. And in the middle of the night I heard someone fall with a loud grunt, it scared the day lights out of me but I didn't have to stomach to turn on the lights to see who it was. She's also had the tendency to walk into my room as I'm changing without knocking, and she knows I'm changing which makes it even worse. On multiple occasions I have nightmares of her coming into my room that I wake up screaming in cold sweats. I hate going home and sleeping in her house because I don't feel safe, I prefer sleeping at my fathers apartment but she gets angry whenever I tell her I'm spending the night there.

I know this a lot to process for some people but I seriously don't know where else to turn, I have a counselor that I see at my university and I feel like this is something I should tell her. But I don't know what the fallout would be if I did so, and I certainly don't want to hurt my mother. Like I've said she most likely has a mental illness so it's not entirely her fault but at the same time this type of behavior shouldn't be normal. Am I overthinking it? Am I bad son? I don't know what to do I really need help on this one.
   
TLDR: Mother may have mental illness and is recently divorced, I'm the only important male in her life and her behavior towards me suggest that I'm more than just a son to her.

EDIT: So I've spoken with my counselor as many of you have suggested, it wasn't easy and I almost felt like I was about to have an anxiety attack. She was quite shocked but I've hinted at how uncomfortable I've been with my mother before so she quickly saw the connection. She also understands my concern that I don't want this to blow up but legally she's required to at least make an anonymous call. We've agreed that I will be present for the call so I know exactly what she and the operator say. As for my mother I don't know how I'm going to go about this telling my feelings to her, I haven't contacted her at all and most likely won't for awhile. I'm meeting with my counselor on Wednesday, she's asked to focus on my schoolwork and my hobbies like writing and gaming. I know this only the beginning I'm just hoping that I can get through this.

Summary:
This is really hard for me to come out with but I don't know where else to turn.
And this only in the last year.
Which I also understand as being another sign of mental illness.
This really pissed me off as I could see that she was trying to make me feel guilty for going to college.
And during this time whenever my father wasn't home my mother would cry continuously for hours.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
