Original Response:
I ask this question not because of a specific event that has occurred recently, but mostly because I've noticed a few other people posting about situations where guys they're with won't date them, and the general consensus from you guys is that they're toxic. Comments of this nature make me feel as though perhaps I'm not being as honest and truthful with myself as I think I am, so I'm here to lay it on the line, and hear what a group of (hopefully) unbiased individuals have to say about the matter. 

So, Charlotte and I met a little over a year ago now, and hit it off straight away. I'd struggled with girls for many years, but having finally ended my awkward teen phase, I was slowly becoming my own man. And while I'd always wanted a girl to fill the void that I perceived in my life when I was younger, I'd finally reached a point where I realised the only person that could fulfil me was myself. Unsurprisingly, this increase in confidence made me more attractive to women, and less inclined towards the idea of wanting a relationship. Such is life. 

So, things moved pretty quickly. We slept together pretty soon, and were spending lots of time with each other. We met each other's families, went out together, acted very 'relationshippy'. However, I established that it wasn't a good time for me to be taken, and that I had no intention of wanting a relationship. She assured me that she felt the same way, and so we continued on in that manner. Like FWB, but just closer. Dating without the officiality or exclusivity, if you will.

So, while I was quite inexperienced with women and relationships, I knew how to set boundaries and voice my mind. I don't like playing games, or creating drama, and I will always advocate honesty and straightforwardness over ambiguity. However, from the get-go I was sure to initiate a policy of silence when it came to other people. She can do whatever she wants as long as I don't have to know, and vice versa. 

Prior to me, she'd dated quite a few immature guys, and made some bad decisions, so she was naturally still a bit immature in the way she acted. She'd snoop a lot in the early phases, and try and make me jealous by mentioning other guys. I openly condemned this sort of behaviour and told her it had to stop. I never became spiteful or reacted back, although I certainly could have hurt her easily by telling her about other girls. This behaviour stopped when she realised I would neither feed, nor tolerate this sort of behaviour. 

These days we have a great thing going. She's matured a lot, and I'm always as good as I can be to her. We see each other multiple times a week, have great relationships with each other's families, a great sex life, and we never argue. However, it's not all sunshine and rainbows...

There have been quite a few incidents - 4 to date - where she had broken down and professed how difficult the situation is for her. Every time I have been very straightforward in my responses. Each time I have told her that nothing has changed; I enjoy what we have, but I have no intention of dating her. The most recent time happened about four months ago, and I said to her that she was clearly hurting, and that if she couldn't end it then I would. 

She convinced me to stay with her by using an argument in the strain of "It's better to have loved and lost, than never loved at all." Basically she said that I make her happy, and the pros definitely outweigh the cons, though there certainly are still cons. As an adult, I decided that she was free to make her own decisions, and it's not my place to make them for her. So I once again established where we were at, and we have been fine since the latest meltdown. 

I get very mixed reviews when I tell people about this arrangement. The general consensus is guys saying I've got a great set-up, and girls commenting on how unfortunate she is. But honestly, I feel like a lot of people need to get off their fucking high horses and realise that a title doesn't mean shit at the end of the day. Girls in abusive relationships have had the nerve to tell me that I'm being awful to her, when in reality I'm honest, and caring, and helpful whenever I can be. But perhaps I'm being overly defensive. 

So, some clarifications. I do get with other girls frequently, and have slept with other girls while with her. I am open with these girls too, and let them know that there is no chance of exclusivity, and in several cases have even made it clear that I am frequently seeing another girl. However, as it is none of them are as serious as Charlotte is. I am always sure to use a condom, and I do get STI check-ups after each new girl. 

It may sound hypocritical to suggest that I am "open and honest" with Charlotte while simultaneously withholding information about other women, but I believe that telling her about them would just be cruel, and I see no way in which it is beneficial. There are assumptions of absurdity in this world, and assumptions of necessity. The mere fact that I have no interest in a relationship, and have told her as much should strongly imply that there are other girls. As far as I know, she is not with any other men. 

Some last points, she has fully admitted having strong feelings for me. Each time she has, I have told her that while I care about her, I do not have similar feelings. I have never used the word 'love', or anything similar to it, and have always stayed off the topic of being exclusive unless it was me specifically stating that it's not going to happen. 

So, anonymous Internet strangers, regale me with your wisdom. Am I wasting this girl's time even though I have specifically told her where we're at, or am I going about this difficult relationship in the best way that I can be? I truly believe that while not ideal for her, that I do everything within my power to be good to her without being misleading, and that what I'm doing is not a bad thing. Perhaps I am delusional, though. I am open to criticism and would be happy to give further clarifications on anything anybody might be curious about. Thank you. 

TL;DR - Been with girl for a year, she has strong feelings for me, I treat her well, but do not feel the same way, and I have no intention of dating her. Am I an asshole?

Summary:
She's matured a lot, and I'm always as good as I can be to her.
Perhaps I am delusional, though.
I do get with other girls frequently, and have slept with other girls while with her.
Every time I have been very straightforward in my responses.
I openly condemned this sort of behaviour and told her it had to stop.
Each time she has, I have told her that while I care about her, I do not have similar feelings.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
