Original Response:
[Here is the original link.] (http://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/1ddutv/husband_m_29_prefers_masturbation_to_sex_leading/ )

Thank you guys so much! I got some really good advice and decided to have another discussion. I don't know if I'll have my have my happy ending (yes, punny on purpose) but definitely won this battle and we live to fight another day. I'm not sure if he finally had his wake up call, but I managed to get through. He said I had a good argument and is willing to try abstaining for 4 months (said 6 months was too long.) In return, he wants me to let go of one bad memory every time we build a happy one together. So I’m working on a fresh start, letting go of all the resentment and bitterness, focusing more on enjoying the fucking and less on whether I orgasm (apparently, this has been causing performance anxiety.)  Also, thank you to esoteric_enigma for asking a simple question, “There are a lot of never's in your post...why exactly did you marry him in the first place if you always had these problems in your relationship?” This made me realize that “never” is not accurate – there have been times that he tried to fix things and during those times things were good. This also helped me remember all the good things about us that made this worth fighting for. 

 I suspect that if I don't feel rejected on a daily basis, he might attain a partner with a happier disposition and we can both work together, us vs. the problem instead of the usual you vs. me that it has become. If, at the end of these 4 months, we feel like it's fixable then we'll figure out a more long term solution. The underlying reason for his earlier reaction was that he felt I was giving him an ultimatum in our discussion prior to the first post. While this immediately made him defensive and uncooperative, I think it might have been the wake up call he needed. I helped him realize how, in all our years together, I had never played games, never been coy, usually said nothing but what I meant and always asked for what I needed. I said I was asking for his help because staying in this relationship was masochistic and I needed for him to actually listen to me instead of perceiving it as an attack on him. I’m secretly giddy that we made a breakthrough as I was mentally prepared to end this otherwise. 

To any in similar situations, this is how I handled mine-

I broached the subject by asking if he'd consider counseling. He said yes, so I asked him if he would be willing to quit masturbation if a professional told him to – He said he would. Conversation as follows:

“Why would you be willing to consider the advice given by a stranger and unwilling to try something that your partner says she needs?”

“Being professionals, they have credibility and experience.”

“But you'd rather listen to a stranger telling you how to fix your relationship instead of just listening to what your wife says she needs from you. We've tried everything else, including everything you suggested, maybe it's time to try it my way. We are about to lose this relationship yet you are unwilling to try something that could help because you are already convinced it won't.”

“But I don't think I have an addiction.”

Well, at this point I was ready to pull my hair out but I calmly explained it all over again. I gave him my reasons as I had laid it out in my post. I didn't think it would matter but this time he actually listened. He asked what I needed from him, and after confirming (for the millionth time) that he was sexually attracted to me, we negotiated our 4 month deal.

There were many good questions and comments that helped me probe my brain and discover if I had any good reasons for (a) feeling the way I do and (b) trying to fix our relationship.

On (a), to all the ones that talked about their addiction or living with an addicted SO, holy shit, thank you so much! I feel like Hurley from Lost, when he finally runs into someone that believes his cursed numbers story. For a long time I've felt that I was the one reacting irrationally or the problem was only in my head. It’s good to know I’m not completely insane. 

On (b), knowing that this might be an addiction helps put it into perspective. Being a smoker, I know how hard it is to quit or fight an addiction. If I treat this like any other addiction, then it stops becoming about me (how I’m not good enough) and more about how I can help him. The very first life lesson I learned from my dad was, “Some people are lucky enough to have the things that they want handed to them. Everybody else has to fight for it.” If there is a chance that our relationship can be saved then I’ll fight for it as long as I possibly can (I suppose four more months is as long as I possibly can.) 

Many people asked me why I married him in the first place or why I was sticking around. 
•	Even though sex is important to me, I had never been in a sexually unsatisfying relationship before, so I had underestimated the ramifications. 
•	I felt intellectually starved my entire life until I ran into my husband. We spent our first night together debating theology, philosophy, politics, etc till 5 in the freakin morning and the conversations have only gotten better. This was something higher than sex on my list of needs.
•	Because of the abnormal amounts of drama that we went through (life, work, school, depression) I never recognized the underlying problem. I assumed he had a low sex drive for the first year or so of our relationship, and that was something I was willing to work with. 
•	He has proved to me that once he acknowledges a problem, he is almost always willing to fix it and has fixed things (outside of the bedroom.) Though getting him to acknowledge it is a battle in itself.
•	I strongly suspect that he has the avoidant attachment style while I’m the anxious sort. The closer I try to get to him the further he needs to run. He also has terrible communication skills but has come a long way since. This makes me feel like the way we approach the problem is the problem. 
•	Did I mention I love him ? 

Again, thank you guys so much. Since we've had that talk we've boinked about 6 times in a day and a half. Half the fucks were okay but the other half were spectacular. We've been smiley and giddy, loving and respectful, and we are both happy that we've have decided to give this another shot. I’m sure we have a long road ahead, but it sure is a promising start. :)

tl;dr: we communicated

Summary:
The closer I try to get to him the further he needs to run.
This also helped me remember all the good things about us that made this worth fighting for.
I didn't think it would matter but this time he actually listened.
He said I had a good argument and is willing to try abstaining for 4 months (said 6 months was too long.)
He asked what I needed from him, and after confirming (for the millionth time) that he was sexually attracted to me, we negotiated our 4 month deal.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
