Original Response:
(Throwaway, long story, sorry, blah blah blah. Posted a couple hours ago but was mistakenly taken down.) Backstory: My boyfriend and I met in college and dated consistently for junior and senior years. We spent the summer together after I graduated (he still had one more semester in college) having the most fun we had ever had together, and we decided to stay together despite him staying in school and me moving away for an internship. That was in August. At the time I brought up my feelings about how I thought he should have some time to himself in college, since we had been together for so long and we are both adventurous people so the timing made sense to me, but he decided we made more sense together so we began dating long distance (first it was just 3 hours away, then I relocated so it's been more like 7). We've always had our own lives and our own friends, and I love that about us.

We always made a point to talk on the phone every few days, text/chat constantly, visit alternating weekends when possible, do only fun things together when we saw each other, etc. Our agreement from the start had been that if at any point it stopped feeling fun for either of us, we would say something and move on. I've been burnt by shitty relationships in the past so I've lost a lot of patience for games. He's a pretty logical guy when he wants to be, so this made sense for him too. We have always had a ton of fun together, and he's agreed that literally every visit has been awesome and felt like a vacation, and that he feels great talking to me.

He really is my best friend, and being with him has been so much more fulfilling than I could have ever imagined a relationship being. We always make a point to talk about our relationship as an affirmative thing -- we are constantly agreeing to be with each other through our actions. I have not felt, personally, like being in a LDR has detracted from my own "real" life in the least, and I don't resent the distance at all because he's literally the best match for me I could have ever imagined.

He graduated in December (after 3 months of distance) and has since been working his own internship near our college town for this semester, before he wants to move on to a real job. We still remained long distance after that move because it didn't really change much for us logistically, so now it's been around 8 months that we've been on this every-other-weekend schedule of seeing each other.

It is wearing on us, but I think we were doing fine with it, aside from the usual missing each other stuff. None of that felt resentful. At the end of this semester, we had vague plans to move somewhere new together to live together for the first time and finally enter adulthood together if we both got jobs we wanted in the same place. I had been nagging him a little about applying for jobs in the same cities, but I also haven't secured a job yet for that time either so he's not all to blame.

Last week, he went out with a mutual friend and her friend who he had never met before. This is normal, we both have our own lives and tend to be only jokingly jealous about who the other hangs out with of the same sex. This was last Tuesday. I know now that he kissed the other girl, who he had just met that night, when she gave him a ride home. He then added her on Facebook and has also been texting her throughout the week. Again, this is the first incident after around 8 months of long distance, just two months before we were planning to hopefully move in together.

He brought this up to me last night, only after he started bringing up his own fears about being too curious for his own good while we were apart last week and hinting at having some serious doubts, which I had been talking him through all week. I know now that he only brought these up the day after he kissed her. We spent so much emotional time throughout the week discussing where we stand on issues and hypotheticals about the future, where we stand on issues that would of course be relevant to talk about before we move in together. I was a little peeved because I had made a point to talk about these issues before, and felt like his answers were changing at an inconvenient time, but both of our answers made sense and our conclusions kept being the same.

He still sounded hesitant to accept that the conversation was over at any point when we agreed, and like he had some other issue looming, but never anything like this.
At no point last week did he bring up this incident, or even the possibility of that type of situation in our hypothetical talk. We've always been super realistic about things like this and have basically in the past said that if either of us feel like we are falling for someone else, it's our responsibility to end it right then and there. He didn't fall for this girl exactly, but it also isn't like he was drunk and it was a mistake. It also isn't like he felt so overwhelmed with the action that he called me that night. And then he's been talking to her all week. He did not tell her he has a girlfriend, although the mutual friend of ours of course knows.

I am basically the only girl he has been with, and this has come up in our conversations about our future and we've always been really reasonable about it. We considered opening our relationship up to new partners at one point during our long-distance portion but we never got to the point that we felt we needed to do so or wanted to discuss it in real terms, because we were both busy enough with life and work and one relationship. So this was of course something he started bringing up again recently, and it definitely made sense to me as moving in together would be a big deal in those terms. But previously we had kind of come to the agreement that if he did indeed want to see other people, graduate school (a year from May) would be the time to assess our situation and think about opening it up / taking a break. So it's not like this was a miscommunication.

It's not just that he did it, or that he lied to me. It's that he did it, lied to me blatantly for a week (reassuring me nothing was up, saying at one point something like "I know you worry about that sometimes and I promise I haven't done anything with anyone else"), talked to his parents and his best friend about it, went to visit friends for the weekend rather than making time to talk on the phone about it, and all the while tried to talk out my thoughts and feelings on what turned out to be imaginary issues -- then didn't even have the sense to come at me using those answers I had given to make any sort of case for himself.

He seems creepily detached from the situation, and like he doesn't know how I'm going to react to each thing I say (despite the fact that we are best friends and know everything about each other). He doesn't know what he wants. I didn't want to give him an ultimatum, but I also feel like a sucker if I take him back like nothing happened.
Throughout the course of our phone call last night, his conclusions ranged from : we should break up, I don't deserve him, we should take a break for the time that we are still apart and then move in together, we should stay together and act like nothing happened, he should date this new girl instead, etc ... eventually I told him I have zero patience for a dude who could lie to me for a week and still doesn't know what he wants after all that time to reflect.

I should note that once before, when we spent a spring break apart in college, he "met" a girl on tinder while visiting a friend in another state (I knew he had tinder downloaded, like I said -- we were casual, and trusted each other enough to know it was only for fun) and went on to text her secretly for a month or so, only bringing it up after I saw her name on his snapchat best friends list (lol). That was a big deal when it came to our trust, but it never felt like actual cheating because he had never met her. Our conclusion with that was that he acted on some stupid feelings because he was considering our future and thought we might get married, and then felt trapped.

We had never talked about marriage before. So obviously, he does this thing where he lets his emotions build up sometimes and comes to irrational conclusions. I don't think this instance was a case like that, but I do think he was trying to make me think it was by bringing it up only after he laid a foundation for his doubts. But I know now those doubts didn't really exist before he did this, and that I was doing a good job so far of addressing those doubts all along with our monthly check ins about the relationship. Up until the point that he did this, our relationship had remained a great, fun, loving, caring, affirmative decision, and we wanted to spend our lives together for at least one more year.

What the fuck do I do? I'm so hurt about how he has handled this whole situation, and it breaks my heart to know that this guy who is/was my best friend, who talked about everything with me all the time, had the capacity not only to casually cheat on me, but lie to my face about it for a week. That's not any basis to build another year on, especially if we live together, but neither of us can get over the fact that this is the very best relationship that we've ever heard of anyone having. We constantly validate and affirm each other, and love each other so deeply. We've had so many amazing times together and now neither of us understand why he could/would just throw that all away so quickly and effortlessly, and then not know what he wants.

**tl;dr: Most trusting, loving, fulfilling relationship of my life was sabotaged despite my best efforts while we were long distance. Now he won't tell me what he wants. We have to decide what to do with our lives in the next two months, before our internships end and we both move somewhere new.**

Summary:
He doesn't know what he wants.
We've always had our own lives and our own friends, and I love that about us.
And then he's been talking to her all week.
He really is my best friend, and being with him has been so much more fulfilling than I could have ever imagined a relationship being.
We always make a point to talk about our relationship as an affirmative thing -- we are constantly agreeing to be with each other through our actions.
We had never talked about marriage before.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
