Original Response:
I'll try to keep it short, and throwaway because I have no idea if he reddits. When I was 14 and he was 18, Marv and I met through mutual friends. We clicked instantly: He, to this day makes me laugh like no one else can. We just have always had a lot of fun together and I have always believed our friendship was unique and special. Over the years we have had many evolutions in our friendship. We've both gone to school, had various relationships, moved, and I married and had 3 children.  He was in my wedding party. Basically, he and I have maintained a close relationship over all the years, with ebbs and flows but we always come back to one another. 


When Marv was 27, he was diagnosed with HIV.  The news devastated me and for years afterwards we were both sure he was going to get sick and die imminently. I mention this because it may help explain how the dynamic has evolved between us. For years, I was extremely consciencious of trying to make him happy, being a shoulder to cry on and give him any support needed. I could not imagine my life without him in it. (To note, he is in great overall health, his HIV is managed by meds and he is doing well.)


The last few years have been the most distant we have been. I've had children (he does not).  He likes my kids well enough but is content seeing them only on occassion and I am fine with that. Both of us are very focused on our work. I have my husband and we have couple friends that we get together with regularly. Marv and I have travelled together twice since I've had kids (including going to Europe) and see each other for dinner every few months. We text to keep in touch for the most part. My husband likes Marv and has always been supportive of us spending time together. 


Over the last few years in particular Marv has become a very negative person. He has been this way for some time but his age coupled with his HIV status has made it very tough for him to find a long term relationship. The relationships he does have tend to be with men who are struggling financially, and though Marv can ill afford it, he treats them generously. He has become more and more unhappy. Any suggestions of going to meetups or trying new activities to meet new people are rejected. He is convinced he is going to die alone. He's a very good looking guy and I think his age suits him.  He tells me that over 40 you might as well be dead in the gay dating world and it's all over for him. 


Financially he's in a mess and is broke and in debt, and getting deeper all the time. I have been very fortunate in my business and am doing well financially. I treat Marv to dinner or movies when we go out because I can afford to and he doesn't ask. I don't talk about my finances with Marv because I feel he would be resentful. Still he has made a few snide remarks about "Miss Moneybags" and comments of this nature that make me feel uncomfortable.  He constantly complains about how broke he is and how he can't afford to live but then he has these friends that he treats constantly. I tell him to stop and he says that he still has more then they do and he feels he should pay for them.  


A few years ago, I went through a rough patch with a mutual friend of Marv's and mine (i'll call her Barb.) Marv remained friends with us both during that time. Without dragging this whole saga out too much, once Barb and I started talking again we discussed Marv's involvement in the derailing of our friendship.  There were a lot of questionable things that happened. We almost felt as though he was enjoying the drama and purposefully did and said things to perpetuate the fight. Barb cut contact with Marv. I did not. Marv and I talked about some of the stuff but he denied everything, cried and said he would never, ever hurt me. I wanted to believe him. It bothers Barb to this day that we are still friends as she thinks his behaviour was very shady and she called me out for always giving him a pass. There is truth to this. 


The other thing that came to light is that she told me Marv frequently said nasty and highly critical things about me. I didn't ask for specifics but apparently bitchy and cutting remarks about my hair or wardrobe, my weight or makeup, and my husband. Now I know that Marv can be this way. I have heard him say terrible things about people for years (always in that joking/bitchy way) but still awful things. When Barb told me that he said similar things about me I think I knew in my heart that it was true, but I didn't want to believe that he would treat me that way. We have always talked about our friendship and our bond as a special, unique and lifelong bond like no other. I could not believe he would treat me that way. I would never, ever have allowed anyone to speak against him, ever. I valued him and our relationship too much to ever consider treating him so shamefully. When I asked him about it he burst into tears and he held my hands, looked in my eyes and said he had never in a million years done such a thing. I didn't know what to think.


So tonight, Marv's other long term friend Tom (20 + years,) called me. I have known Tom for many years, and we see each other here and there and have always gotten along, but we are not close. When he called me I thought something terrible had happened to Marv. No, but they had a huge falling out over some shady behaviour on Marv's part with Tom's husband. There are photos. During this conversation, Tom asked me if Marv has been his loyal friend. And he asked me if Marv talks shit about him (he does). Tom is incredibly betrayed right now and says his relationship with Marv is over for good. He warned me that Marv is not my friend. He said, "you think you know him, but you don't." I told him that I have been told that Marv has said a lot of terrible things behind my back and he said "yes, he definitely has."
Even though Tom is angry with Marv, I do not think he is lying. 


Obviously I am upset. I feel stupid that I have invested so many years believing in a relationship that was never really there. Part of me thinks that Marv is just a toxic, nasty asshole and I should ghost him and never look back. Part of me thinks I should send him a goodbye email and then go NC. Should I even listen to what he has to say? He's had the chance to come clean before and hasn't taken it. I don't want to have to have a huge confrontation with him. Quite honestly, I don't think I even want to hear it. 
   
**tl;dr: My life-long best friend has been saying the nastiest, shittiest things behind my back for years. I feel stupid for not realizing that this was going on for so long. Ghost?

Summary:
I wanted to believe him.
I didn't know what to think.
He warned me that Marv is not my friend.
He said, "you think you know him, but you don't."
I could not believe he would treat me that way.
Now I know that Marv can be this way.
Marv remained friends with us both during that time.
Even though Tom is angry with Marv, I do not think he is lying.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.19
