Original Response:
So I have a situation that has been nagging me for some time.  Two friends (I've known both for about 2-3 years each, with frequent day-to-day contact. I consider them close friends) have what I think is a strange relationship between each other.  Normally, this wouldn't bother me, but over the course of the last year I believe that one is manipulating the other.  I'm so concerned about this that I've lost sleep.  I've thought long and hard about how to bring up the issues that I see to be coming along faster than a car speeding towards a brick wall.  But, I have no luck, and the stress of just watching this unfold is a bit jarring.  Because both of the friends in question here use reddit, I will refer to them as follows: M is M[21] and F is F[21] and unfortunately I won't be able to provide too much background on them other than M and F are very close friends.

What it comes down to, however, is that I see a relationship that is very unhealthy.  F hangs around M every day without fail, which isn't bad in and of its self (and I actually enjoy both of their company when they are around), but M's behavior and apparent emotions have taken a complete nose dive over the course of the last year.  He participates in things that don't interest him, unsurprisingly with the accompaniment of F (note that F has a long-term, long-distance, committed relationship and that M and F are not dating).  He has become more reclusive, no longer inviting me or other friends to participate in things M and F do.  When I try to talk to him, he mostly just responds with "hm", "mhm", "ya", etc...  It's almost as if he's depressed.  Much of the time when anyone else is around, they are talking as if F is trying to guilt-trip M into "trying X because you need to try new things" or "start doing Y because you need to get better at it" or even "how will you live your life if you've never done Z?"  It's like she turned into his life coach and is trying to change him (apparently succeeding too, somehow).  I would be happy for him if only he didn't seem so beat down by this whole process.  He is not happy.  I can see it in his face and the changes that have come about with him.

I know this has been incredibly vague so far, and I've considering talking to others about this.  But, I just can't.  I've found it so difficult to describe what I see and how I feel about this.  There is very very little to hint at manipulation in what I have written so far... But, I can sense it when F talks to people.  When she "suggests" activities or other things to M, she often does it with an expression and tone of sadness that implies both disappointment and an attitude of "If you don't do this, you know that you won't be happy."  I don't know how to describe it more than that, but I believe M is in danger of being manipulated to the point where he is no longer the person he was when I met him.  I feel like we're drifting off as friends, yet we still hang out for extended periods weekly (small-group hangouts though, not just us).

I have even considered the following:

* Am I jealous of something?  I don't have a girlfriend, so I figured a maybe M having a close female friend could drive jealousy.  But, plenty of my other close friends are in relationships and I feel totally ambivalent towards it.  I feel little to no attraction towards F, so why should this be any different?
* My own stress dealing with school has made me a bit irritable the past few months.  I considered that minor depression could be causing unrealistic thoughts about what is going on.  After taking careful note of my own behavior for a few weeks, I have determined that I am not depressed (although stress still exists.  It's mostly anxiety from being overworked and the like).  In general, I'm still a happy person.  I just have this unrelenting, bothersome feeling towards what is going on here.
* That M actually wants F to help change his life.  Maybe he wasn't happy to begin with?  It's possible that I just didn't notice it before, but I'm certain that we did more together than we do now.  His course workload is less than it used to be, so I expected quite the opposite.
* Maybe M and F are actually slowly entering into a romantic relationship.  However, F is not only committed to a long-term (although long-distance) relationship, M is very good friends with F's SO.  Whether romantic or not, I can't see this relationship going well.

Help me /r/relationships.  I'm seriously considering talking to a psychiatrist because of the anxiety that this causes on top of the anxiety of my coursework is becoming unbearable.  I'm really confused on why I feel so stressed about the two of them, but I do know that I can't stand to see what is going on without doing anything.  Is it my duty to protect my friend from an abusive, possibly manipulative, relationship?  He doesn't see it, but I don't know how to bring it to his attention.  Am I being ridiculous that I'm bringing this upon myself?  Do I sound at all paranoid or delusional about what is going on here?  This is not normally like me, as I try to avoid relationship drama and don't feel that it is my place to change other people's relationships.  Thoughts? Suggested courses of action? Without hurting my relationship with M, how do I talk to him about this?  The only outcome I can possibly imagine from an encounter like this would be M thinking I've gone totally crazy.  I could see that reaction if I had only observed this unfolding for a month or two.  But a whole year?  I just feel at a loss here.  Please advise.

**TL;DR: I highly suspect that a female friend is manipulating a male friend, resulting in the destruction in our friendship and his mental state.  How far should I reasonably go to protect him from the harm that is occurring?  I feel powerless because they are closer friends to each other than they are to me.  Please advise.  I'm considering talking to a psychiatrist if my anxiety doesn't subside soon.**

Summary:
Without hurting my relationship with M, how do I talk to him about this?
I just feel at a loss here.
But, I can sense it when F talks to people.
I can see it in his face and the changes that have come about with him.
He doesn't see it, but I don't know how to bring it to his attention.
I feel powerless because they are closer friends to each other than they are to me.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
