Original Response:
We were friends since September. Good friends I'd say. We'd get coffee every week or couple of weeks. I had no feelings for her whatsoever during this period. Then we dated from January to March. It ended because I was graduating in May and she had another year of college. This was my first relationship ever. It felt like everything was there. The physical connection. The mental connection. We opened up to each other like we hadn't with anyone else. She introduced herself to my family. It felt big, and it felt like it was headed the direction of a long-term relationship. We had no fights before. We could talk about stuff with each other that we couldn't with anyone else. Similar interests, hobbies, ethnic background and upbringing. Our ideas and passions were similar. Our baggage was similar. I wasn't insecure. I wasn't jealous. I had a life outside of her. I worked, went to school, and was responsible. I limited my interaction with her and wasn't overly attached. I am sure of these things. 

But still she ended it. So I have to move on. Right before she ended it (like the last time we spoke before a week long period of no contact), we completely opened up to each other. 4 hour long phone conversation (we'd had 1-2 hour long phone convos many times before). I made myself completely vulnerable to her. Next time I saw her she was flirting with her ex. Needless to say this made me feel insecure. I was always secure before this person walked into my life. I was lonely but secure. Cue futile attempts to win her back. Problem is she went back to her ex boyfriend shortly after me and her ended. Like very shortly. By the end of March they were dating and I was a wreck. I still am. In many ways I feel used, and even though she denies that I was a rebound for her, I still feel like shit.

I can't go a few days without seeing her and him together. I will be going about my business and see them in the middle of campus. It hurts a lot. It makes me feel like shit. I don't know what else to say about the feeling. But I can suck it up if I turn around and avoid them. If I go a different route it won't ruin my day.

A month after the break up me and her started trying to really be friends again. She was very open and forgiving to me, but I couldn't be around her. I was incredibly bitter. Everytime she would reach out to be friends I would just bite the hand. We'd finally sit down and talk and have a great conversation about ourselves and life and afterwards she would leave to her boyfriend and I would feel so dissatisfied and empty.

A week ago I bumped into her on campus. I'd been missing her a lot, and apparently she had been missing me too. We ended up spending a couple of hours together just talking about things. She wanted to go back to her place and get high but eventually she decided against it. She told me that she's only had sex with one person (her ex) and that she can only be in a relationship if it has long term potential. We would have been great she says, in the future she would like to try again. I ask her what her boyfriend would do if he saw us. She said he'd be incredibly upset. At this point I felt like my infatuation with this person had long since past. I had done a week plus of little to no contact, and a month of barely anything of significance other than snapchats.

The next day I bumped into her again. We were walking and talking and then she started to distance herself from me (we were in a large group of people) until I saw that her boyfriend was coming. So I just bounced.

Afterwards I bumped into her again she was in a group of friends. I talked for a little and then left. She later asked me over facebook why I was being weird. Maybe I was. But in anycase it set of a torrent of things I said to her. . It was bad. Afterwards I tried to make it up to her. I tried to tell her that I still wanted to be friends. She said that she 'loved talking to me' and that 'she would always be there if I needed anything' but 'how about we only say hi and catch up when we see each other and then distance ourselves that way'.

I responded that she only wanted to be friends so that she wouldn't have a guilty conscience. Things got worse from there. Now all her feelings for me have evaporated and I don't think she cares at all. This might seem inconsequential, but to me it hurts. She was my only emotional tie at all. I have no emotional relationship with my parents. My friends aren't really there for me either. 

I've tried seeing other people. I've had sex with other people. I had dates with 3 different people the past week. I pulled a number this weekend and madeout with a girl on Thursday. But I don't see the point anymore. I leave the area in 3 months. I've never been the hookup person as much as I'd pretend to be. I'd like to remain friends with this person. I don't like losing people forever. But I don't know how to maintain a friendship like this. I know I'm the problem. I know it's my bitterness that's the issue. My bitterness and my feelings for this person. I don't know what to do. It hurts to know that I have to go back to sleeping alone every night and that she will always have someone there for her. It stinks knowing that I am the problem, but I don't know where to begin fixing myself.

**TLDR Friendship with a person I used to date has been on the rocks ever since she ended it and went back to her Ex, don't know how to proceed**.

Summary:
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what else to say about the feeling.
But I don't know how to maintain a friendship like this.
Afterwards I tried to make it up to her.
Afterwards I bumped into her again she was in a group of friends.
But still she ended it.
I know I'm the problem.
It makes me feel like shit.
I'd like to remain friends with this person.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
