Original Response:
Hi Reddit, I would like to request advice, criticism, opinions, and whatever else you can offer, please.  I know it’s a long read but if you can bear with me it would be GREATLY appreciated. 

I am a 26/M, and am currently in a long-distance relationship with my girlfriend (22/F).  We’ve dated for about 11 months; we have been friends for a year before and met through gaming acquaintances.  She lives 2 states away.  Our distance is due to school and work related issues.  Due to my schedule, I’ve only been able to fly over to her 4 times in the 11 months we’ve been together, staying at her house roughly 1-2 weeks each time.  She has come over to me once for a 3-day weekend (the ratio of her and I visiting is no problem at all). We communicate everyday through Skype for hours and hours.  Our other form of interaction while distanced is playing World of Warcraft (yes we’re both dorks/geeks) :)

Some background on myself:  I still live with my family, as due to proximity to school and work it is the cheaper alternative than moving out.  I have never been in a relationship before.  I have also never had sex, aka virgin here.  I never really tried hitting on girls; figured I wasn’t very interesting and I felt that I’m a pretty average guy.  I am decently out-going, as I go out with friends a lot and usually when someone asks, but I have never been the go-to-a-club-to-hit-on-girls type.  The only time I’ve tried to ask a girl out was a girl I got to know who worked at a Corner Bakery.  Turned out she had a boyfriend and hid it pretty well; she then asked to be friends – which I agreed to – but since it felt awkward I never talked to her again.  That’s how much I suck at relationships.

A bit of background on my girlfriend:  She lives in a house with roommates who are also friends that play games with us.  She moved away from her home state due to family issues (control-freak stepdad with curfews, etc).  She has lost a parent within recent years.  She too has also never been in a relationship before, and is also a virgin.  Before we were a couple and were just friends, she mentioned that she could feel no emotion towards others; “incapable of emotion” is how she had described herself.  Some other guy that was an acquaintance tried to hit on her but she told him she was incapable of both emotion and love and turned him down (before we were together).  She also has said she has lost friends in the past by being insensitive to feelings.  She also has a medical condition called Endometriosis (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endometriosis), and in the past had taken medication which she says has affected her hormones.   She blames this for her lack of libido.  More on this later.  

She was the one who initiated the relationship and got it started.  She was out at a party and I was texting her asking how everything was going, when suddenly she texted back “I think I’m falling for you.”  My jaw dropped.  I’ve always wanted to be with her ever since I met her the year before, and getting to know her over time just made that desire escalate.  I immediately said “I love you and want to be with you”.  When our relationship first started, we were both extremely excited to be together.  We talked about how much we loved each other every day (literally EVERY DAY).  Every few weeks I would send her candy and gifts (I felt this was the only way to show my love because of our distance).  We had and still have great plans of visiting other countries and exploring.  She has offered to take me to her home state someday during a vacation and teach me to ski.  She told her family all about me.  One day she brought up the issue of sex, which neither she nor I had ever brought up before.  She talked about how she had never had sex before, but was willing to try when we were ready and with adequate protection.  I happily agreed to this, as I am a virgin and this sounded new and exciting.  We also talked about how in the future we would live together, and she considered easily the idea of moving to my state when I got a place.  We also talked about getting married someday, and how big of a wedding she would want.

The first time I visited her, we kissed immediately at the airport.  We held hands most of the drive back.   I treated her out to many dinners, went out to movies with her, and even bought her a nice sofa for her room as a gift while I was there.  It was the best time of my life; I felt so special and loved, as I believe she must have felt as well. 

Lately though, I feel our future is not so strong and determined as I imagined it.  About 3 months ago, I asked her if she was up for sex sometime soon since in the past we talked about it, and she said she lacked a sex drive/no libido (as previously mentioned).  I said this was okay and that I would wait for her to be ready when she was (thinking to myself this would be within a year or two).  She blamed herself as a bad girlfriend and I comforted her, denying her this thought as I love her so much.

A few months ago she said she would begin seeing a therapist about the libido issue, but as far as she’s told me she’s only gone twice, and not much progress was made at that.  I proposed that she may get more info from a doctor and some resolution, and medicine might be able to help her get her libido back.  Unfortunately, she seems pretty dead-set on her libido being unfixable.  

Now closer to the present (basically within this month) she doesn’t think she will ever be capable of sex, and doesn’t ever want to start a family.  I have also asked her if she would ever be willing to move to my state in the future and she has now so far has strongly disagreed with the idea (due to environment).

At one point, during a recent discussion of our future and sex, she said she is 100% okay if I wanted to have sex with another girl.  While I really want to have sex, I am so devoted to her I don’t think I could ever do that to her.  I know myself to be the sexually active type if given the chance, but I feel I cannot do this to her.  I hate myself for desiring sex as much as I do.  I guess my libido is high, and hers is extremely low to non-existent.  

As far as intimacy goes we still, as you can probably guess, never had sex.  She is comfortable with being naked around me so I don’t think it’s any sort of body-image problem; I think she’s gorgeous.  Whenever we kissed, I was usually the one who initiated the kissing.  In fact, I can only remember one time that she has initiated kissing was waking me up once (it felt amazing though).  I have no problem with this as I can understand that she has said it is hard for her to show affection.   

Now this part might be me being crazy, but she recently got a kitten three months ago and I can tell you this is the most loved cat in the entire world.  She kisses, hugs, and cuddles with this cat more than she has with me, so I believe human intimacy can’t possibly be that far out of the picture…right?  Well, I’m just being crazy there and slightly humorous I guess.  I should also mention we never had a fight yet.

I want to conclude that I believe our love for each other is still very strong; the issues that came up is just a hurdle that is causing both of us anxiety.  I am just afraid of the term “as good as it gets” being slapped onto the current state of my relationship.  The most recent attempts to ask her about the above mentioned issues have been answered with I-don’t-knows, and I don’t want to cause her further stress/annoyance by asking more.  Sorry for the long story; I can feel my typing getting sloppier and my thoughts more erratic as my emotions and thoughts are getting to me.

TL;DR: My girlfriend has over time changed her stance (negatively) on sex and possibility of marriage/family in our future, and is blaming her libido and hormones.  Her being convinced her non-existent libido is unfixable and current hesitation about living together in the future is causing me much anxiety, leading me toward feeling depressed.  Any advice, criticism, and opinions are welcome.  I do beg of you to read the above if possible though; it might clarify a lot more as I feel confused right now.

Thank you, Reddit.

Summary:
I have never been in a relationship before.
I have also never had sex, aka virgin here.
She too has also never been in a relationship before, and is also a virgin.
She told her family all about me.
She was the one who initiated the relationship and got it started.
She blames this for her lack of libido.
I immediately said “I love you and want to be with you”.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
