Original Response:
So, I apologize ahead of time for the lengthy post but this has been a complicated situation for me. Two years ago I met a guy. I fell quick, and hard for him. He liked me at first, but it soon became apparent I was developing a lot stronger feelings than he was. After hooking up, and hanging out for about a month he broke things off with me. I was devastated and reacted really badly. I showed up at his door at 2 am and needless to say he wasn't happy. After a few weeks of trying to be just friends, which I had a total inability to handle he blocked me on all social media, and I didn't hear from him again for almost a year. I did a lot of work in that time on my self esteem, and attachment issues. Eight months ago he refriended me. Six months ago we start talking pretty regularly. We get along really well, just like we did in the beginning. A month ago, late one night, he asks me to come over. We both joke about what a terrible idea this is, and do it anyways. We talked about what would be different this time, that neither of us were looking for a relationship, that there'd be a mutual respect of boundaries, I made it clear that what mattered most to me was our friendship and that if this was going to impede that in anyway I wasn't interested. We came to a mutual agreement on terms, and had sex. After that night I decided not to text him, not to call, to let him initiate anything just as to not risk a repeat of being as overly attached as I'd been the year before. Things are going well, we continue to have sex all but one day in the next week. Except every time he feels the need to emphasize the fact that "we're just friends, I just want to remind you. I'm not capable of being in a relationship right now. We're just friends right?" I don't blame him because of the way I'd acted in the past but I eventually tell him "I get it, but it's kind of a turn off when you say it every time right before we have sex. So, unless I do something that indicates we might need to have this talk could you just assume that we're on the same page?" He's texting me every day, and I thought it was all good. Then I get a text from him saying he feels "guilty" that he thinks casual sex is preventing him from working on his relationship issues, and that this hooking up is making him feel like a jerk. After talking it through with him I let him know it was all cool, that I didn't care if we had sex, or were just friends, or even if he went back to never talking to me. That I just respected him and appreciated his existence regardless of whatever our interactions were and that I certainly didn't want to do something that caused stress or struggle in his life. He expresses he's really appreciative of my understanding, and he wants to stay friends. He's still texting me EVERY night. He gets sick and asks if I can bring him medicine I drop some off we order in some soup and watch some tv. I go by the next day with more supplies we spend more time together. He goes on vacation for the weekend I watch his dog. All the while we're texting every day. I lose hot water, and he offers to let me shower at his place. I thought for sure that that would be the catalyst to sex again, but when it doesn't happen I write it off and figure we really are just friends at this point. He asks me to dinner. We go to a comedy show. We start hanging out a lot basically. Now a little more than two weeks have passed since this all began, and after our normal nightly texting he asks me to come over. It's late. It's obviously a booty call. I probe him "are you sure?" "Is this going to cause you pain afterwards?"  "Are you doing this because you're lonely or bored or is this something you genuinely want to do?" I end up going over. Easter comes along and a mutual friend asks me to bring my girlfriend for breakfast with him and my FWB. It's great. After breakfast FWB says since I live closest by we should all go to my place, he needs to nap before work since he'd gotten up early for a class, blah blah. We all go back to mine. I end up blowing him while my friends are in the living room. The next night I ask to see him and he gives me the "guilty" talk again. It's a lot shorter this time basically "I can't do this. I'm annoying I know I'm sorry. Don't hate me." We move through it and I end up sharing a lot of the other things going on in my life with him, and that I think the pain I'm feeling from his back and fourth is more based out of the fact that I haven't fully been myself because I'm scared that will trigger whatever these commitment issues he has so I don't let on to anything deeper than my surface level stuff. That I'm feeling pain because I've been inauthentic in order to avoid bothering him but at this point I consider him to be a good friend and I can't do that anymore. He gives me a lot of good advice, and we move on. I get a call from him the next day, he's having a crisis and he doesn't know who else to call. We talk for an hour. I text him the next day to see if it got resolved, and he ends up calling me. We talk on the phone for an hour again. At the end of the conversation he asks what I'm doing and can I come over to help him pack? (The crisis revolved around him moving) we spend the next six or seven hours packing boxes, tidying up, and talking all the while. We talk about our fears, our first loves, about sex, about family, about God, about books, about everything you can imagine. The other big thing that happened was he'd pulled out a drawing I'd done of him two years earlier, id done it and sent it to him with a book after he'd broken things off with me as an apology for going so crazy. Maybe I'm just paranoid and I know he was moving and going through all his stuff but it seemed like he'd intentionally left it out in a very obvious place. He lives in a studio apartment and it was out on the counter with nothing else like it near by, like if he had saved it (and I'm very surprised he did) it would've been with other sentimental things like letters and other paper things (which I know he has all packed together because I helped him move them). I didn't bring it up though. I just saw it and didn't say anything, which I'm kicking myself for because I promised to be more authentically myself. Anyways, by the time we finish its nearly 1, he says he's tired and has to be up early so I leave. I'm three minutes down the road and I get a text "do you want to give me head?" I turn around and go back. I'm a little annoyed by this specific way of proposing things but I chalk it up to him knowing I'm on my period and honestly I love giving him blowjobs, so I agree. We finish up pretty quickly and it's so late that even though I normally give the grace period of at least a half hour hang out after a hook up I disregarded that rule and immediately start to get dressed. He says "you know, you don't  to leave right away if you don't want to..." I'm a little taken a back, but I say "uhh ok" and lay back in bed. He gets up turns off all the lights and lays down next to me saying "I'm going to go to sleep though." This is really out of character. I've asked to sleep over before, only out of convenience, since we both agreed over nights would be too intimate for FWB's, so the one time I asked at 3 if I could sleep for 2 hours since I had to be up at 5 he said he wasn't comfortable with it. So, this sudden I want you to sleep over but I'm not going to say that directly thing was confusing for me to say the least. He tosses and turns all night even once getting up and groaning "I can't sleep" I offer to leave, I tell him it's really not a bother at all I've already got in a couple hours I'm fine to drive but he insists I stay. I pop up at 8 because I had to move my car out of street parking, and use that as an excuse to dart out because I was just feeling so lost about everything that had happened. This was last night and I reassure myself that all I can really do today is give him some space to figure out what that was. I get a text from him "Thanks for all the help" and I tell him it's not a problem. We talk about a comic he'd leant me the night before, the parts we both loved, blah blah. He ends up asking if he can stay possibly stay with me on the 6, 7, 8, and 9 (the lease at his current place is up today, and the lease at his new place doesn't start till the 10). He says it would be a "last resort" but he was to be assured he has somewhere. He then goes on to say "but no cuddling. No intimacy." I tell him that's fine, my room mates not going to be here so I'll actually have another bedroom, he can sleep in mine and I'll stay in hers. The conversation kind of fades after that. I figure he's probably still moving the rest of his things or staying with a friend tonight. Anyways Reddit what do you think of this situation? What's really going on?

TL;DR my FWB says he can't have sex with me anymore because he "feels guilty" he then goes on to ask me to hang out constantly, and eventually we have sex again. He repeats he "can't do this anymore" but continues to call and ask to see me outside of sex. What's up with that?

Summary:
I end up going over.
We talk for an hour.
I turn around and go back.
The next night I ask to see him and he gives me the "guilty" talk again.
He's texting me every day, and I thought it was all good.
He's still texting me EVERY night.
We all go back to mine.
I didn't bring it up though.
He asks me to dinner.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.15
