Original Response:
I've been dating a wonderful man for a year and several months now. He's absolutely incredible. He's patient and kind and quite literally is a better than human being than most people. People tell us that we're wonderful together - that the kind of relationship that we have is what they want. We communicate very well with each other.

He loves me so much. And I love him too. I miss him a lot when he's not around. I'm always thinking about him and wondering how his day is going, if he's doing alright. I don't have any interest in dating anyone else and he's the only one that creates a flutter in my heart. We have such a connection. When we do have sex, it's phenomenal. I'm the first girl who's ever made him come with a blowjob. I trust him implicitly. Even though he works as a bouncer, I have almost zero jealousy issues and for the most part, we never fight. He calls me every day at lunch and tells me his day goes better when he gets to talk to me. He thinks I'm the prettiest thing he's ever laid eyes on. I'm not a slender lady but he loves my body as it is. He gets angry if I say I'm feeling ugly or frumpy. He's so in tune with me and my thoughts. If I get quiet and I'm thinking about something, he asks what's bothering me.

I am becoming so unhappy, though. He lives far, about 30 miles from me. I get to see him once a week, twice if I'm lucky. He works two jobs and doesn't drive. Most of the time I'll pick him up after work on Friday night (he works a bouncer job that is closer to my place) and he'll spend Saturday and Sunday with me. We spend most of Saturday sleeping since we don't end up getting to bed until 4 or 5am. It feels like a waste of a day.

He's not "normal" - he says that normal is arbitrary and nobody is "normal". He hates "normal." I just want a functional relationship. I want somebody who doesn't sleep in their jeans and eats three meals a day. He does not have a car or license - though he has gotten his permit and drives my car about half the time when we're together. He doesn't care about his clothing or his hair. When his hair gets long, it looks awful. I hate nitpicking, but I'm so much more attracted to him when his hair is nice and short and he's wearing clothes that don't clash, at least. He smokes. I didn't mind the smoking when we started dating. I actually picked up the habit for a while but since I started working out, I'm trying to drop it altogether. I only smoke on the weekends now when I'm around him.  Sometimes I can't stand the stink of it.

He still lives with his family and he ends up paying the rent half the time. He doesn't even have a room of his own there. He doesn't have a degree. He doesn't "have his shit together." I really couldn't care less about that, most of the time. He didn't have any jobs when we started dating and he's actually come a long way since we started. I love him as he is, job or no job, car or no car, place of his own or not. I'm happy to be with him.

I feel like I get so frustrated over this petty shit with him. He likes to joke around. He says I'm too serious - which I feel like I am. He'll say something jokingly and I won't laugh and he'll say something along the the lines of "I'm kidding, you're supposed to laugh and go along with it. It's not supposed to be serious." Maybe I just don't have a sense of humor but it's not funny to me.

He leaves trash in my car. My room will be tidied up all nice and there will be shit spread all over by the time we leave on Sunday to take him home. He doesn't put down the damn toilet lid. He sleeps in his jeans. He's always wearing these ugly bluetooth headphones. He can't just act like a normal fucking person. Like dude, you haven't taken a shower in a couple days and you stink. Please go wash up before we go out. I'd like to take a nice photograph with you, can you please smile like a normal person? We hardly have any nice photos together. "I only smile when I think something is funny." He thinks a lot is wrong with society as a whole. He joined the Navy a couple years before I met him but left after only a couple months of bootcamp because he had problems with them turning people into sheeple. He always wants to know why when you ask him to do something. He gets angry because people at his 9-5 job are stupid. I know he has problems with the system and society but sometimes you just have to fucking play along with the game. I know it's dumb but you have to play the game in order to beat it. He says he'll do certain stuff but then it never happens. "Why do people always expect things to happen right away? I do things at my own pace."

I feel like I'm the one with the problem most of the time, honestly. I was fine with him being this way when we started dating, I can't seem to just chill the fuck out and enjoy the time I get to spend with him now, though. I always feel annoyed with him. I get mad when he doesn't initiate sex. He's actually fine not having a lot of sex. I get huffy about stupid shit. I feel like I would be this way in any relationship. I don't have a lot of patience but this is the one person I've stuck things out with. I'm only close with maybe two or three people and he's one of them. The other two are my mom and my best friend. I don't even like leaving the house most of the time and he's ok with that (though I do make an effort to go out with him because it's good for us.)

Why can't I just let all the petty shit go? Am I just dragging this relationship out longer than I should? If all these small things bother me so much, maybe I should move on.  But if I'm in a mostly happy relationship, it seems stupid to break up over such silly stuff. Any person I'm dating is going to eventually do stuff that gets on my nerves, that's just the reality of any relationship. Every time I think about actually breaking up with him, I feel sick and dizzy. Why can't I just chill the fuck out?!

I know this is long and rambles but any input would be much appreciated. If anything, it helped to get some of this off my chest. Thanks. :)

Tl;dr - boyfriend of a year and half does small things that perpetually get on my nerves. Still crazy in love with him. HALP.

Summary:
He loves me so much.
He doesn't "have his shit together."
He says I'm too serious - which I feel like I am.
I feel like I'm the one with the problem most of the time, honestly.
He gets angry if I say I'm feeling ugly or frumpy.
I love him as he is, job or no job, car or no car, place of his own or not.
I miss him a lot when he's not around.
He doesn't even have a room of his own there.
He doesn't have a degree.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
