Here is a summary of the text, extracted exactly as written:

met a girl through a friend 6+ months ago.

I thought she was really attractive, funny, interesting and I was into her, but then I found out she was dating someone at the time for just a couple of months or so.

Then suddenly during one of these group settings, she tells everyone how she has now broken up with the guy she was dating for ~8 months.

To me, I thought this was the time to start making my moves...

We just sit at the bar chatting for 2-3 hrs just having really good conversation.

I'm not really too flirty but I'm just myself but we were clicking. Chemistry was fun.

So then it's finally my bday party night, and she shows up, gift in hand with two other of her GFs that I've never met.

We start showing clear interest, become more flirty and drunk and then by the end of the night we're making out and it was awesome.

She goes back home and we see each other one more time in a group setting that weekend and things are still going well...

Then 2 weekends ago we found each other hanging out for 4 straight days. None of that was planned to happen so soon, and so quickly but we were enjoying each others company.

The first night was group setting, she ends up sleeping over my place. We have plans for the next night to hang out and she sleeps over again.

But then her behavior is quite different and she's very distant and moody.

I don't talk to her much for the next 4 days because she showed very little interest in communicating that much...

She explains to me how things happened too soon, too fast, she's too confused, need to be single for a while to separate relationships, things started to feel like a relationship too fast...

She admitted that it was a bit her fault for taking things too fast as she was having fun and wasn't thinking straight due to 'adrenaline'...

Essentially she kind of freaked out at how fast it moved but it's been 10 days since that long weekend and we've barely spoken minus when we had the long talk about what was going on.

I'm not sure what to do here, we're still going to see each other as we have mutual friends that we hang out with...