Here are the selected sentences from the original text, separated by newlines:

When Josh and I first started hanging out, I was told by our mutual friend that Meg was obsessed with him.

Meg also had an on and off FWB who she was currently on with at the time, so I didn't think much of it.

Two weeks ago Meg had no clue about Josh and I. I told her about us three days before we became official, as he was a FWB and we were on the DL due to my previous ex and the fact that we live in a very small town.

Meg texted me and asked me if we wanted to come [to a camping trip]. Josh and I had an all day event on Saturday, so I said that we would come out Friday night to visit but would not be staying.

She responded with "I will ask him :)" that bothered me right off the bat.

Josh told me that he and Meg had talked a few times around four months ago, but never ended up hanging out and he lost interest when he found out how in love she is with her FWB.

By the time Meg and her FWB fell out again and she contacted Josh, he had started talking to and hanging out with me, and told her he wasn't interested in her anymore.

I just nodded and said that Yeah, everyone wanted to make sure she was okay.

She then hit me with "things are always gonna be weird between Josh and I. We never gave us a chance, so we have unfinished business."

I was so shocked, I just told her I understood.

I won't steal him from you or anything, but I just want you to know that if all of us are ever hanging out and it's weird for some reason, it's because we have unfinished business.

On Sunday afternoon Josh went to pick up a kitten in a different town for his niece. While he was gone, I went and hung out with Meg and her FWB.

Meg instantly was on him about the kitten. She was visibly upset that he had only sent me a picture of the kitten and not her as well.

Later Sunday night Meg and I were talking about how when you like someone, you notice and adore every little thing they do.

I mentioned loving the look on Josh's face when he does something he enjoys or talks about something that irritates him.