Here are the selected sentences:

A little background: Met my girlfriend almost a year ago while taking a graduate class at our business campus (we both work for the same employer, but in different divisions), and hit it off.

Honestly, I thought she could be the one (she was an engineer like me, very mature, very thoughtful, and very caring), but I also felt like I was rushing into things.

We grew very close.  We talked often, hung out often, met each others' families.  We shared a lot of interests.

Eventually, I was in a full on panic... how can I love someone if I have considered breaking up the relationship with them time and time again?

I felt like a cheater and a liar, telling someone I love them, even though I had those feelings.  It all began feeling so wrong.

Last week, my girlfriend fell ill from a cold.  I had some time to myself to think, but also wanted to be supportive and helpful for her.

Eventually, talks came up about vacationing a few months down the road, and I immediately withdrew from considering it, making up excuses about "not being sure what I'll be doing then"...

Note: during this time, we were communicating, and she was aware of my general anxiety and some reasons why this was bothering me.

Anyways, as we are hanging out, I suffered what is pretty much an emotional breakdown.

I snapped, I told her I wanted to break up and that I should go.  She denied me and told me I wasn't being myself, but that she would acquiesce to giving me all the time and space that I needed to sort this stuff out.

I waited a few days and spoke with her with a calmer head and a clearer mind.

I began to explain some of my difficulties and the thoughts of ending the relationship and how they persisted...

She said the door to communicate is always open, and that if I ultimately decide to end things for good, then she would understand.

So here I am, I've got time and space to think.  To talk with family and close friends, and to work things out.

What do you guys think?