Here are the selected sentences from the original text, in order, separated by newlines:

Alright so I usually post questions every so often on here because I personally feel like relationship issues should remain between yourself and your partner, but at the same time I sometimes just need a sounding board anonymously and I didn't have many close friends. Y'all don't know us, so it's okay.

When I was 17 and 18, shortly before we started dating, my ego took some bruising from which it's still never really recovered.

I went to college in the south (at age 17 and ten months tyvm), and discovered the body type there was white, busty, and curvy. I checked off one of those boxes.

At some point I found out that Tay's "type" is almost the complete opposite of my body type.

The difference between my introduction of our exes and his of Andrea, and likely 75 per cent of the reason I'm so uncomfortable, is such: Both of the exes were initially platonic friends of mine. I introduced them as such, and as we began to know them more, we crushed on them, and then we discussed with them how they felt about poly, and then a relationship/courtship went on.

He brought Andrea as a potential romantic interest from the get go.

Let me be clear that within the context of our relationship however, he did nothing wrong with inroducing her.

And he's like "I finally found people at work that I actually like, so I want to tell you about them, cause I know you like that shit"

So a monthish ago, me and my friend Ana really hit it off. So i started going out with friends for like, the first time since I've become an adult.

But, I'd like to be clear, he's kept everything on the up and up through all of this.

I feel like I can put a person to the images in my head, a person I know, I'll feel a lot better, or at least be able to manage my irrational emotions better.

Ana says that I should just shut that shit down, but she and her husband's Christian's relationship is lot less... open for lack of a btter term, than ours.

My best friend Miriam and I talked about it. She helped me pinpoint that part of the reason I also feel so shit about this is that I don't feel like I'm major part of his life to any of them.

and I'm like... Idk yo.