Here is the summary you requested:

Throughout my relationship with GF, close friend (who is in a LDR) is flirty and offers his opinion up and is generally judgmental: relationship ends at his advice alone, he lies and maintains friendship with me, nails now ex-gf two weeks after, continues to lie and act friendly.

I've known this guy for close to 8-9 years, throughout middle and HS. Met a decent girl junior year of HS, and went out with her for 6 months then was diagnosed with a very treatable type of cancer, so go through 4 months of chemo and radiation.

So, come October, GF and I have been having some fights (usually about me and my friends, which is ridiculous because she's invested in my friends now too and not at all a 3rd opinion, again, stupid me), and since august the both of us had been worried about her being depressed and I only advised anything it may take to fix and be happy, and I was doing pretty well.

Well we go through the weekend (dinner and expensive dress later...), break-up monday because of the same reason from that friday, she "realized she didn't love me anymore."

So then come thanksgiving, she has sex with a different closer friend's roommate after smoking his weed against his express permission, effectively ruining time i could hang with him, and around this time has sex with the original close friend.

I find out and I feel suicidal, deepest of depression, and am consoled by one close friend who's dad had passed (yeah, I feel terrible that he was the one I asked to help me, he's such a great guy and I must've made him feel so bad about stuff indirectly).

So, come end of december, I now am barely seeing any of my long term friends because she only ever is around them, and my b-day rolls around and I spend it alone, spend new years alone, but at this point I am of the "Fuck it, whatever" stance.

Anyways, talking to a friend who just got a new apartment, hang with him, and am invited to house warming party. Ex is there, close friend shows his face along with his LDR, (I do not know anything about him and my ex at this point), and am generally having a good time.

So, since thanksgiving, I give zero fucks for my ex. I am happy. I hit the gym, got shit done, am being great. She has only been drinking, fucking, and generally distracting herself.

I don't owe this fucker anything, but I only told him "I am willing to maintain the friendship and would like to talk, whenever you are ready to do so. I will be around."

He effectively: Rained on my relationship with my (ex)-gf, was flirty with her whole time, especially so near the end and the 3-days after while we were trying to fix things (my jaw was on the fucking floor seeing the two of them doing this shit in front of me), advised her to dump me, also tried to console me and her, but especially her, and then about a month after, him and I sit down, I apologize for my behaviour and he does the same, we talk about how him and I both think she's been shitty and doing things terribly and blah blah blah.