Here is a summary of about 10% of the text, up to 250 words:

I wanted to create a throwaway account for this but decided to face the reality. I've been in a relationship with this girl for about 2 years. We've had a great relationship thus far with no fights and great understanding.

She's been enrolled into a local Engineering College for bachelor's degree since last year while I decided to take a years break and go for it this year. Thankfully, one of my closest friends (who also passed the school with us) studies with her too, in the same subject branch. Let's call him 'Max' here.

We've been in such a deep love with each other that she's been talking about our future marriage already. We've been in constant touch over phone and texting until recently about 1 month from now.

I asked Max on phone about the life there and he told me that he's been observing something irregular with her and her friend circle in the College. Max says she rarely talks to him and is busy with her other female/male friends. He said there's a guy who's hanging out with her the most in the college and remains in her company most of the time.

Max thinks there's something wrong between the two. That guy who's hanging out with her is a jerk and extremely flirty (I found this out from his Facebook profile. Not lying, trust me).

**My heart sank as soon as Max told me this. I said to myself that it's Okay if she cannot talk to me from home but she's got no one monitoring here at least in the college.**

Here are the selected sentences separated by newlines:

Hey everyone,

I've been in a relationship with this girl for about 2 years.

We've been great friends from school and in 2010 we proposed each other, she being the first one to do it.

She's not a 'model material' but I find her beautiful in every way.

We've had a great relationship thus far with no fights and great understanding.

**My heart sank as soon as Max told me this.**

Let me know if you'd like me to continue extracting sentences!