Here is the summary:

So I've been in a relationship for this guy for 10 months now. At first, it was the most wonderful and awesome thing and we were so compatible and in love and whenever we saw each other it was great and awesome and I wanted to see more of him.

During our first kiss, he randomly brought up that he had a girlfriend before and I was just like "alright good for you kid" and thought it was quite weird but brushed it off.

Then, one night, I tried to talk to him and he just said "I can't talk, it's an emergency" and I thought "ohshit" and freaked out and asked what sort and he didn't reply for like, 30 minutes and says his ex was upset. WTF. Okay...again, I just don't say anything.

Also, earlier on into our relationship we made plans to both go and see a movie together that I REALLY wanted to see. After a few months, our plan wasn't brought up again and until one random day he mentions he's already seen it and hoped I didn't mind.

I won't go into too much detail but it was horrible and sad and shit and I sat around waiting for him to take me back (not dignified, I know, and I regret it now that I know about what he was up to when I was moping about him) and then lo and behold, after a week of that nonsense he did. And it was great. We were back to how we were, like nothing had changed and for a few days we were normal.

But then, one day I randomly checked his facebook messages. Now, I know this is wrong and stupid and shows how jealous and stupid I am and I'm not justifying it in any way.

And then I read the rest of his messages with her. And I saw a few messages saying things about how they both had pictures of each other, him demanding she wear a sexy outfit "the next time it happened" and talk of lube and condoms and him saying "it was great, it was good of you to show some self-restraint and stop it" 

So anyways, I guess you can tell what happens next. We fight, he says he didn't do anything wrong because we were broken up and keeps defending himself and I don't have any of it and we broke up AGAIN and I say how we will never talk or see each other again and I was 100% serious about it.

Now, after a few weeks I still haven't forgiven him for what he did with his ex and how he lied to me.