Here are the selected sentences:

I've been with my SO for 10 months now. There is a lot issues I've been dealing with.

When we first started dating, she told me about her medications. One for ADHD, one is blood thinners for a blood clot she got throughout college and a third one that I didn't know what it was for, told me all at the same time.

Before anything happened with her mom passing away, I could tell she was really insecure with herself. She wasn't happy with her appearance, overweight (weighs more then me), she was worried that I would leave her because she is "broken" with all the medication she takes and wanted to finish up her schooling.

Now, after her mom passing, there were fights that came up. She was upset because I didn't get her enough for her Christmas, and my gifts weren't the most thoughtful things.

I try and plan to do things over the weekends, usually it's me going to her.

Then I start finding out more about her issues. I discovered that she actually gets her rent paid by her father because she doesn't make enough money for the apartment she lives in.

She tells me I need to spend money on her with the statement "because I am worth it." even though I'm taller then her and weigh less :/

With her being on three medications right now, I feel like she's always going to be getting side effects on her mood, on her vision (she has complained about that before on and off), headaches and overall not a great state of physical and mental health.

I do love her. She is sweet, she is great with my friends and family, overall she is an awesome person who is incredibly book smart.

What I want: I want her to eventually break away from her antidepressants eventually in the future (not anytime in the next few years, I know it's a major major struggle.)

I don't want to see our kids have to see her life cut short... much like her moms... :( *Oh god when I typed that sentence... I teared up.*

**TL;DR: Girlfriend for nearly a year has her mom pass away, and I'm dealing with more issues that she has had depression, and multiple medications that really hamper and hurt her overall health. There is a maturity issue and a bit of a greedy/selfish attitude I am also dealing with. But she is an awesome person, completely someone I could see myself spend my life with and if she matures and gets herself healthy, I want to be with her for the rest of my life.**