Here is a summary of the original text, extracted exactly as written:

Throwaway account since I'm a regular lurker and commenter. Pardon the staccato language. I'm trying to be very factual and orderly and I'm really tired.

Once my husband had a little experience under his belt, he started looking for paying clients for RC chase vehicle videos. He never got his custom RC chase vehicle operational, as the $5k was a drop in the bucket (it needed a LOT more parts to drive right) and it took him a while to realize new friend Mark just likes to buy parts and tinker but never really follows through.

Despite this, my husband agreed over a period of a few weeks to do several jobs for customers. Each time I talked him out of it as he didn't actually have an operational RC chase vehicle of his own (other than the original small one that is just hobby grade) and although Mark had all of the parts for many RC chase vehicles, they are always disassembled and he will disappear for days and not answer his phone, then gets paranoid and argumentative about stupid things.

After being forced by me to turn down several jobs over a few weeks (because we didn't have the equipment to do them, duh), my husband took a call about a seriously cool job. Like totally cool.

Brian did not have any available credit at the time. He had a bad credit score and no credit cards, and no savings to pay for equipment.

Brian stopped working on the RC chase vehicle on Sunday morning, without getting it operational. 
He just gave up.


Mark got the new RC chase vehicle operational by early Monday morning. 
Mark stayed up all night to get it done.
Mark refused to drive if I came along to the job, as Mark does not like working with women.

We have not received any more work from the client, or any referrals.


I pay several hundred dollars per month on the debt, and have paid several thousand from my personal savings.

Brian says that although he verbally made the commitment to the client, and exchanged email with the client agreeing to dates, times and services to be rendered, that there was no formal contract and that means we had no liability or obligation to complete the job.


We do not do enough jobs to make any real dent in the debt.
During most of these arguments, he accuses me of using him, of only wanting his money (!!), of being a money-grubber and other similar insults.

I have paid about 42% of the original debt from my personal income, plus about $2000 in interest (about $8300 so far)