Here are the selected sentences:

I'm a 22M and she's a 23F. We met years and years ago and were good friends at the time, though due to college we went a long time without talking with eachother.

We recently started chatting again a couple weeks ago and decided to go get a beer together. We had a very pleasant time catching up and cracking jokes at eachother and she was even giving me alot of touching.

It was at this point that I started getting the notion that she was digging me.

A couple hours later she needs to leave for church.

I suspect that there is another fellow at her church that she is interested in, which distracted her from me.

The next day I text her apologizing for making her feel uncomfortable (I know, probably a dumb thing to do).

She responds that it's totally okay, she just wasn't expecting it.

So lets fast foward to Saturday. By this point, she is always the one who initiates our text conversations.

We meet up at a restaurant for lunch and have a pleasant conversation with ample flirting.

Since we still have alot of time before she needs to leave, we decide to go to the river front park and ride the carousel together.

She tells me that's what the lady running the carousel told her. It was a rather bittersweet thing to hear.

The next day (yesterday), she initiates a text conversation once again and we chat for a couple hours and she eventually tells me that she's been feeling rather melancholy.

I then offer to go buy her a beer and she tells me that it's really tempting, but she informs me that every time she goes somewhere with a boy her mother always gives her the stink-eye because her mom doesn't want her leading anyone on...

We get to talking about past relationships and she tellls me that part of the reason she was hesitent to come to the bar with me that night is that she has a bad habit of hurting guys.

I sympathise with her, and she then asks me what my motivation is behind flirting with her so much, whether it's because I think it's fun or if I'm wanting something more.

She's like, "Good. I just really don't want to hurt someone else, because I love hanging out with you so much".

So, we finish our drinks and decide to go on a walk to wear off the effects of the alcohol.

She then smiles and asks if I'm ticklish.

I decide to play dumb and say, "Well, now I'm curious!"