Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

This is my second real relationship and my first after about 5 years of not dating, so I'm admittedly insecure about my familiarity with the whole topic of growing a healthy and wonderful relationship.

Our history: She was dumped for the first time ever and I was kind of a rebound or a surrogate that stepped in afterwards. That was 7 months ago (see [here](http://redd.it/19d2w2) for previous post).

The problem: The problem we're having is slippery and I'm trying to understand what it means.

I wonder if it's something that grows with time or maybe something that needs to be there from the start -- instrinsic to the relationship.

She has said to me that she felt closer to her exes than she does with me, but that she sees this as potentially related to how dependent she was on them -- that those relationships felt unhealthy, like her identity was entirely wrapped up in them -- she uses words like obsessive, immature, unhealthy to describe the nature of that love.

I on the other hand feel distant from her because I feel like we don't connect on some wavelength. Like she isn't empathetic enough for me -- that i'm sensitive and empathetic she is callous and self-centered.

We discusses how when i went home with her, she felt like I was there, but I wasn't there WITH her. I didn't feel close to her, i felt weird and alienated.

I kind of hate the feeling.

I want things to work out with her but I don't want things the way they are now. That makes me worry that I'm expecting her to change.

We talked about it tonight and she expressed the same doubts, like there is just something missing.

**TL;DR: my girlfriend and i feel like something is missing but neither of us knows what. Is this a deal-breaker? We're talking about it, it's on the table, our plan is to see what happens. Can anyone offer insight? Is amorphous insecurity about a relationship grounds for ending it? How do you deal with it and move forward if not?**