Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

I have known Lance basically all of my life.
We dated all through high school (a couple of breakups nothing serious just stupid kid stuff but we always got right back together).
Now I know lots of people (including many friends of mine from college) say that this is a red flag because he has no ambition or goals and I would have to take care of him financially.
They however have no idea what they are talking about, his family is rich and by rich I mean fucking loaded rich.
Of course none of that has anything to do with the problem, I'm just trying to lay out a little bit about him.

Here is the problem though, he has lived a very sheltered life.
I am the only girlfriend he has ever had he basically talks to nobody other than his customers and other people who work for them.

We both agreed that this was too large of an opportunity for me to pass up and my scholarship would transfer so it would not cost me anymore.
This went okay for the first 6 months.
Sadly I had gotten very lonely and I felt like long distance was really pulling me down.

Long story short I told him that the long distance was not something I wanted to do.
That I loved him with all of my heart and ultimately I wanted to be with him forever but in the meantime until I either moved back home or graduated I needed for us to go on a break.

I am graduating in less than a month and I have been offered a job full time with the company I have interned for at its main office which is 40 miles from our home town.
I went home over the weekend and while there I went to visit with him.

Here is where it all went to shit.
Before we do this I need to know if you have been with anyone else.
My first reaction to this was somewhat shock but also resentful, I told him that really was none of his business because we both knew we were on break.

So he left me standing in his shop and went to work on a bike.
I called him that night and he didn't pick up so I left him a message begging him to talk to me, I didn't want to end it like this and it was stupid if we both wanted to be together to just throw this all away.

He called me back and agreed to meet up.
He was adamant that he was not going to even consider getting back with me without knowing the full extent of our broken up life.

I honestly want to be with him.
He is the most kind man I've ever known so I swallowed hard and told the truth.
While we were broken up I slept with 2 other guys, one guy from school and one guy from work.
Neither one of them meant anything to me, it was simply just companionship and honestly the first guy was also an experiment so to speak as I had never been with anyone other than Lance.

He sat there and did not say a word till I was done.
All he said was "obviously you are not who I thought you were" and got up and left.