Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

I would like to start off with who I am.
My name is Noel. I'm 19 years old.. And live in Holland, with my mom and little brother 
And my little sister And I'm in a difficult situation....
I have met the girl of my dreams but she lives 3500 miles away from me.


A long time later we spoke to eachother a lot about actually meeting eachother. This would ofcourse require a huge amount of money for my age and most of my friends wouldnt even be able to afford a trip to America.
Luckely I work almost every single day and i'm good at saving money so I had plenty.


So I left with a plane to London. I had to wait there and sleep on the floor for 18 hours before my plane to Boston left.
When I was about to land in Boston my heart skipped a beat. I really didnt know how to feel or what to do.

This was a huge deal for us because, we are both pretty shy.
We had never kissed anyone before or anything else so... yeah.


So feeling comfortable with eachother was a huge deal.
The days after that were the best days ever... I was with her for two weeks during christmas We literally spent the first full day together in eachothers arms by the fire place completely amazed by how this is really happening.

But then... the day I had to leave. Needless to say it felt like someone ripped a hole in my chest and left me with an empty void.
I felt sick in my stomach and didnt know how to feel...

And now i'm here. Back at home still missing her a lot but ofcourse still literally talk to her every single night.

We wanted to see eachother again this summer.
I myself have plenty of money to pay for the trip again but my mother thinks its a bad idea to pay again for the whole thing and wants my girlfriend to pay for everything.

I made an offer to pay everything for now so that she could pay me back later but my mom isn't to sure about doing this...

I was curious if anyone would know some way for us to meet eachother again this summer.
I want her to meet my family aswell because my mom really wants her to come over aswell.

So yeah, can anyone help us with our complicated love story?