Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

My boyfriend and I have been dating for 4 months. He's 33 and I'm 23.

I knew that this was nothing personal, but I had recently just revealed my history of mental health problems and I was afraid he was distancing myself because he didn't want to be in a relationship with someone ill.

Come the day of St. Patrick, my misandrist alcoholic best friend had been pushing me to come out to bars with her and I really didn't want to because I was afraid I might do something stupid if I were drunk.

I told him that my friend was advising me to send him nasty texts for not being responsive and telling me to threaten to break up with him and that she was really pushing me to go out and drink.

When I drove home I had no intentions of actually going to see my friend or going out to cheat. I texted my friend that I wasn't seeing her and to not respond, but when I got home, as I was texting, I accidentally answered a call from her and she convinced me that "We would just have a few drinks and stay in and watch movies and that she just didn't want me to be alone."

I ended up drinking way too much and decided that she was right and that my boyfriend was a dick and that I was being mistreated.

I know that I am responsible for this and I do not mean to make it seem like I blame my friend, I just want to stress what a negative influence I had that night and that my intentions before I was drunk, and even when I started drinking, were still in no way to cheat on my boyfriend.

I told my boyfriend the next day, and told him I assumed this meant we were over, to which he more or less agreed.

He started texting me later that day though, saying that I had planned this and more or less threatened to do it before I left his house that day.

I asked if I could try to earn that trust back and he told me he didn't know, this was 5 days ago and he still doesn't know if he can take the risk of letting me back into his life.

I haven't been able to think of anything else but trying to win him back. I've explained myself, I've made changes to remove bad influences from my life, I've accepted that I should never have even drank that day knowing that I was upset and couldn't trust myself.

I saw him yesterday, he's very unresponsive with texts and calls and he wasn't letting me see him and apologize in person so I just knocked on his door and told him that I'd leave if he wanted me to but that I'd like to talk to him.

He let me put my arms around him and weep and tell him how sorry I was, he didn't push me away but he also didn't reciprocate in any way.

Tomorrow's his birthday and, after I saw him yesterday, I felt like my time would be better spent making him a cake then texting him essays that he probably won't even read.