Here is the extracted summary:

Let's call her Marie.

Marie and I dated for two years back when we were in high school, we were essentially HS-sweethearts. I walked into class on the first day of school and saw her during sophomore year, and I said, "Her, she is the girl I want to be with." I spent six months courting her, taking her out to ice cream on a weekly basis and walking her to and from her driver's ed.

We began to fight several times a week. One of the reoccurring fights was concerning her new job, where there was a man who was hitting on her. We can call him Bill. What was creepy about this, is that Bill was 19 years old and my girlfriend at the time was 15 (I was sixteen).

After several weeks of her having her new job she leaves me. She never even gave me a reason for the break-up, and said "she still wants us to be friends." Over the next few days, I find through one of our mutual friends that she was already in a new relationship, with lo and behold, Bill.

After talking to the phone and having her "supposedly" lie to me, I felt that I just needed to know why she would break up with me-all I wanted was answers, other than that I was fairly content. I just wanted her to be happy and if being with another guy was that, then I felt that it wasn't my place and to wish her the best of luck.

Fast forward four years, and I have only had a few relationships and hook-ups along the way, with most of my relationships being short term due to either being cheated on or just not being compatible in interests. Her on the other hand, had apparently continued to date Bill for the next two years, and ended up being beaten within an inch of her life on several different occasions, was belittled and called worthless, and had her own property destroyed by him.

Now, after us being apart and out of contact for four years, she contacts me and writes me a long apology for what happened before with us. I was never expecting to talk with her again, so I was ecstatic to hear from her.

While we were getting coffee is where she divulged the information to me about her exes (so no, I wasn't stalking) and just conversed on where we are going for our future.

We went back to her place and copulated, and talked about life and whatnot.