Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

I met my "old flame" (who I will call Kevin) online in an MMO while in the tail end of a serious real-life relationship around 4 years ago. Everything was completely platonic for a long while, but I eventually started developing feelings for him as we talked more and more often.

The feelings were mutual, but a relationship wasn't in the cards due to extenuating circumstances. We lived in different states and both thought online dating was silly. He has a child from a failed marriage that left him very burned. We were both very hesitant due to our respective relationship histories. Also, our "professional" relationship via the MMO (I know, I know.) was kind of in the way.

It didn't stop us from remaining ridiculously close and flirting an obscene amount over the phone. I considered him to be one of my best friends, as sad as that sounds. He and I just had this very magnetic connection from day one. We could talk about anything and everything and have similar morals and goals. I've never in my entire life had a connection with another person that way.

We were so much alike in personality, but we are both so very stubborn that we would get into silly fights and stop talking for varying periods of time. Then we would make up and resume the pseudo-relationship yet again.

During one of the longer ridiculous scuffles and the resulting fallout, I reluctantly began developing feelings for a different guy[24M] (I will call him Charles) who I had been close friends with online. I don't mean to say I was reluctant because I didn't like Charles, but because of the online aspect. It still struck me as silly to get involved with someone you've never met in person.

One day, Kevin was furious with me for reasons I was unaware of. He yelled at me for leading him on and said some hurtful things about me. During the fight, he mentioned something that I had only said to my mother via e-mail. I was so stunned that I didn't realize it until hours later.

I was really hurt and angry by the breach of trust between Kevin and I, so I did post a generic passive aggressive Facebook status (I know, I know. I suck.) that didn't name any names but was directed at him.

Kevin and I didn't talk for a year and a half. I sent him an e-mail sending my condolences when a close family member passed away during that time, and he responded politely (but not friendly) and that was it.

It was over. Kevin was out of my life for good. I eventually rekindled my relationship with Charles, which I continue to this day.

My current relationship with Charles is strained and has been ever since we decided to try again (about 6 months ago). We live a few towns away from each other, and we only see each other once every month or two.

A month or two ago, Kevin reached out to me as a friend and we began talking again. We both admitted how terribly we handled the situation and that we had both been gigantic assholes to each other. We apologized, and immediately things went back to how they were when we were just close friends. It was like the entire year and a half of silence never happened.

He gets me like nobody else does. We have spent hours having long conversations about anything and everything, just like the old days.