Here are the selected sentences:

Someone who was my best friend (best man at my wedding), took it upon himself to try and convince my wife to leave me for him.

I believe a very large part of his determination on this was due to the nature of our relationship over the past 10 years - him being very insecure meant that he was always being really competitive.

Generally if there was a 3rd party present, anything I said would be punctuated by him, with some comment aimed at subtly deriding anything I had to say.

Foolishly, I would politely ignore it and pretend I didn't notice.

I looked past many of his shortcomings and really cared about our bromance.

My wife and I shared dreams of the four of us living in a village-like community (she and I, with him and his parter - with whom he had a comfortable and thoroughly unromantic relationship, but with whom he had also had a 2 year old child and so was stuck.

I believe her killing herself over the emotional torment he could have caused her would have also been satisfactory.

Initially I said I would be patient but ultimately his harassment reached ridiculous levels.

My wife and I still lived together over that year but she spent most of the week at her mother's.

We effectively lived separate lives and we ultimately sorted through most of our problems - although she effectively fell apart and spent the year battling alcoholism and bullimia.

I smoked a lot of pot.

The problem I have now, however, is that I am noticing this similar pattern in my rapport with some of my current friends.

Many of them seem to use me, primarily as a means to express their intellectual superiority to whoever else is in the room.

I believe it's a pattern that has been established over time, living around my former friend, and hanging out as a group.

Now, with the 2 remaining friends of the past 10 years (and so, they are also friends with my best man), with whom I still have contact, still often share a dialogue that has me painted as inferior on some or almost all levels.

Only now, it boils my blood.