Here are the selected sentences:

We're both in our mid-twenties and have been dating for a little under 3 years.

A week ago she went to visit a friend in another town.

According to her, this was very distressing.

She has never developed feelings for someone else during our time together and she didn't think it was possible.

So this came as quite a shock, and she wrestled with her feelings for a couple days before she even admitted to herself she felt something for him.

When she got back she was very... morose. Quiet, moody, sulking.

She said she might want to go live elsewhere and take a year off.

Then today. She leaves open her facebook. I go to check something on her computer and see an open chat.

Of course I am in shock. Upset, confused.

Her story is that she had dealt with the situation and had been wracked with guilt over me.

I was still very upset.

She said she wanted to invite me to visit with her (she had before I found out) so she could deal with her feelings.

Finally, I was upset because she didn't tell me, because she didn't want to hurt me.

I know people develop feelings and just because she is in a committed relationship doesn't change that.

On the other hand, I just wish she would have told me.

The fact that she hid it from me to spare my feelings makes me wonder what else she is sparing me from.

She is adamant that she is in the right to hide stuff like that from me.

It is also worrying that this upset her so much.

SHE WAS GOING BACK. I was invited but declined to go(work and bad vibes about the whole thing).

So that jumbled mess has taken up most of my afternoon and evening.

TL;DR - GF developed feelings for a friend on a trip a week ago. I found out due to Facebook. Never had this happen before and am upset and confused.

And another question: is it wrong that she didn't tell me and planned to never?

I don't know if I'm being unreasonable.

**edit-** Thanks for all the advice/responses.

And another question: is it wrong that she didn't tell me and planned to never?