Here is the extracted summary:

We all went to college after high school, though Jason went to a community college to save money. Still, all fine. Except after one semester he dropped out.

He had a pretty good job at this time at a local deli, though, until he got mad at his boss, made a scene and quit.

Ever since then pretty much he's been working at a nearby pizza place. He hates it but he has nowhere else and he needs the money.

We have all told him to relax on the girl chase because he isn't in a healthy spot to do so right now and he's just looking for fulfillment in the wrong places.

He is on coke at least once every weekend and likely more. He ran out recently so he decided to snort three 30 mg adderall pills --- all this just for a short quiet night of pool down the street!

A couple years ago he drove drunk and crashed his car, destroying his leg. He has problems with it still but it didn't change his behavior at all, if anything made it worse.

Recently Jenna and I showed up at the bar on a Friday night to meet Jason and Bob. Jason was late but when he showed up he only had one beer, so we weren't worried about him driving.

He says that's because he's miserable all the time. Then we say ok, here's this therapist lets get you in touch with, here's this other job you should look at, maybe you should consider medication, etc.... Just all general stuff that he nods along to and then doesn't do anything about.

Every single time we hang out he ends up bringing one of us into a 30+ min conversation about being unhappy with any given aspect of his life. He likes to blame Bob and say Bob isn't around as much and that's shitty, but in reality Bob has distanced himself (and we all have... To a degree) because Jason is always fucked up beyond belief, obnoxious and says offensive stuff when we're out in public.

He'll get drunk during the week and text us all in the middle of the night scary stuff like "I don't want to be here" then the next day just write it off when we're in panic mode trying to see if he's ok.