Here is the summary:

Hey Reddit,

She and I have been together for a little over two years and are in college in Connecticut together.

A little under a year ago, her family had to move from Connecticut to North Carolina for her father's job, and we'd mutually decided to do the long distance thing during semester breaks.

Last summer was the first summer she would be away for the entire break.  I tried my best to be supportive of her through the entire time leading up to it, but it never seemed to be enough.

She eventually started talking with my best friend's brother a lot (call him BJ), who always seemed to have the right things to say to her.

Before she left for the summer she'd gone to hang out with him a few times without telling me.  I dont mean to say I expect to know when and who she's with.

One of the times she went to hang out with BJ, however, she'd previously told me she was going straight home.  In short, she was lying to me about it.

I took a week off work after the semester ended to drive down to her new place in NC with her and took a train back, since she was nervous about making the drive by herself.

Right after I got back to ct we were pretty okay.  I made a point to talk with her often, and things were alright until about july.

I caught wind that my friends brother was taking a trip to myrtle beach SC, one state over from where my gf lives.

As soon as BJ was down in south carolina, MB suddenly was going on a trip to some resort with her mother.

What got me especially angry this time is that she could have just gotten away with it, not told me a thing, but instead went to the trouble to make up a story to feed me.

Needless to say, it wound up in another fight.  We got over it again, and moved on again, my patience strained.

Eventually, the summer was ending and I took another week off to take a train down to NC and drive back up to CT with her.

When we got back, shortly before the semester was to start, we got in a huge fight over BJ and I asked her why she was talking to him so much.

Her response was 'because he makes me happy, like you used to'.

I didnt talk to her for a while after that.