Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

My boyfriend and I have been together for almost 5 years, living together for most of that time. Things have been pretty good up until the last year, when shit hit the fan.

We've come close to breaking up several times in the past few months. We always talk it over and resolve to make things better. Life has gotten less stressful overall, but the relationship continues to degrade.

I don't feel like I can talk to him. He won't see a relationship counselor.

After our latest fight last night, I decided to write him a letter. I thought it might be a good way for us to sort things out without ending up in yet another argument.

Last night I started to feel tired after we finished watching the movie. I got up and started washing the dishes. When you came into the kitchen, I asked for your help with taking the garbage out of the can. You asked me why I was doing it then. I told you the truth, that the garbage was piling up and I wanted to do it tonight to make sure I didn't end up having to do it tomorrow (in which case I might forget, like I did today and the day before, and my mom would come home to a pile of garbage).

I felt hurt when I asked you for help and you accused me of being passive aggressive. I felt confused when later you said I didn't ask you for help, when I did. Then I felt hurt again when you called me a jerk.

I was tired, I hate cleaning, I was cranky. I'm sorry about that.

The way you responded is NOT an excuse for me being cranky. I apologize for being cranky. But it doesn't change that I was hurt and confused by the way you acted.

If you want to learn from this, then write back. If you don't want to do this, don't do it. Don't do it half-assed or sarcastically. Either you genuinely want to learn from this or you don't.

Please don't dig into the past. Don't say "You always..." or "You are..." Just focus on this incident.

I apologize for being cranky. But it doesn't change that I was hurt and confused by the way you acted.

Is that everything you wanted to write?

Yeah, I don't need to write that much, it's a pretty basic point

What am I doing wrong here? Am I being a jerk? Is he being a jerk? If all of our conflicts end like this...I don't understand how we'll ever recover