Here is a summary of the original text, selecting sentences verbatim and returning them in order, separated by newlines:

My boyfriend (let's call him Mike) and I met in college and immediately hit it off - we have a lot in common, became best friends and the sex is incredible.

Of course, like any other couple we have had our ups and downs, but mostly it's been the ideal relationship.

We even easily made it through long distance for a year when Mike decided to do a masters degree in a city about three hours drive away whilst I was still finishing undergrad.


About two years ago, after seeing how miserable he was, I told Mike that if he really wants to work on his writing, I would be happy to pay for most of our rent/food/etc. for him so he didn't have to do a full time job.

He got a part time job working about 8 hours a week at the local mall to help pay the bills and the rest of the time stayed at home to focus on completing a book.

Six months ago, I was offered a new job in a different city (about five hours drive away) with a salary that was about ten times what I made in my graduate role.


Mike did, however, tell me that he was tired of me having to pay for everything for us, so before joining me in this new city he wanted to move back in with his parents and start applying for full time jobs in new city and be long distance until he found work, then could move over with me.

I thought this was fine, and decided to move. I've now been working here (and Skyping Mike every night) ever since.


Six months passed, and suddenly Mike tells me he is very unhappy over Skype one day.

He says he feels like I've abandoned him by coming to the new city and that it seems like I care for him way less than he cares about me and that long distance is  impossible for him to do anymore.


I tried to reassure him that of course I cared about him and I really wanted to make it work.

He tells me he would be happy to move right away, but he doesn't want a "shitty" part time job and will only come over to live with me if I pay for him to move, then continue paying 100% for both of us to live here until he finds a full time job that he enjoys.