Here are the extracted sentences:

My girlfriend (21) and I (21) are both college students (US), but first a little background.

That september I lied about breaking up with my long distance girlfriend (even though I knew fully I needed the balls to do it) until I actually did it in early november.  Not one of my proudest moments.

We also communicated some views about our arrangement, she stated that she wouldn't like to hear about me hooking up with other girls, and I told her that I would want to know.

She regretfully tells me she slept with a friend in her town, someone she has slept with before but that it didn't mean anything.

Over the next month or so communication is good.  I make out with two of my good friends (J &amp; A) in the program and will freely admit to myself that i could see myself dating either one of them in other circumstances.

I start to feel uneasy about keeping two of my closest friends from my time in England from her; its hard to talk about anything I do if I do it with them.

We skype on Thurs. April 18th and through the course of our conversation detailing my traveling with J, I reveal that we kissed once a couple weeks ago but that she told me she didn't wanna kiss anymore.

Later that day over messenger she was pissed at me for telling her, and accused me of forgetting her birthday (bicycle day) even though it wasn't midnight my time and it was still the afternoon her time.

She tells me she wants to skype.

We end up skyping Sat. the 27th as I am nearing the end of my travels.

As we begin skyping, she is already in tears.

I ask why she is upset, and she tells me that her aunt has breast cancer.

Not to trivialize her aunts sickness, but it felt tactless and a little distasteful.

She then procedes to tell me that theres something she doesn't want to tell me.  She reveals that 3 weeks ago she slept with a guy from our university that she ran into at a bar.

I told her I didn't want to get back together with her when we were both in the states.