Here is a summary of the text, extracted verbatim from the original text:

I suppose a good place to start is saying that I believe communication is paramount in any relationship, and that I have communicated all of what I am about to write here to him... at this point, I am simply looking for some outside perspective. This will be long.


To be brief and very cliche, we hit it off immediately, and it felt like we had known each other for years. We had (and still have) so much in common, down to our majors, senses of humor, recreational activities, political and religious beliefs, and so much more, and we would discover shortly thereafter that we were extremely sexually compatible as well.


During the summer program, we often wound up in each other's company late at night. We would go for long walks, and would talk with each other about everything... I told this man more about my personal life after knowing him for just a few days than I had told my ex-boyfriend after knowing him for many months. I really can't explain why. I just felt comfortable and secure with him; the funny thing is, he also felt the same about me.


He told me that he and she had been together for several years, and that they had recently broken up. They lived apart and were in a long-distance relationship, and out of the years they were together, they had only lived together for one. He told me that he had sacrificed so much for her... he once turned down a great job offer for her because she didn't want to leave her own job just yet, but he told her that was OK because he could wait until she was ready.


All of this he told me one night over the summer. It was only after we had slept together that he told me the same thing, but in greater detail.


He and she had been together for six years, and had only stopped seeing/communicating with one another two weeks before the start of the summer program... ie, about three weeks before we slept together. He also hinted that the two of them were not officially "broken up," though it was clear that it was heading in that direction.


After he told me these finer details, I felt horrible chills run throughout my body. I felt used and foolish, and I began to cry. He immediately comforted me, and told me that I wasn't a rebound. He promised me that he would never want to hurt me, and said that he never expected that the two of us would sleep together.


He confessed to me that he had cheated on his (now officially) ex-girlfriend many, many times. He told me the names of all of the girls he fooled around and slept with, and told me "why" he did it. He said that he felt he was missing something in his relationship with his ex, though regardless of feeling that way, he acknowledged that it did not excuse the cheating and the lying.


I trust him. Am I foolish for it? Am I naive? Since he cheated in the past, will he undoubtedly do so again, with me?


Believe it or not, I am still not done. Both of us have, in passing, tossed around the idea of possibly living together at some point in the future; however, he is hopefully pursuing a higher degree of education several states away next fall, which would turn our current, semi long-distance relationship into an even longer-distance relationship (though still drivable, if the plan were to be for weekend visits as opposed to day visits).