Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

Back in August of 2014, my girlfriend Mel started acting very distant to me. Our sex life died not too long after that.

2014 was a rough year when it came to finances, and we were being harassed by solicitors. People wanted to mow our lawns, do landscaping as well as other jobs. We had a No Soliciting sign on our door, but people kept coming and it got to the point to where some of these people would knock on our door, want us to give them a job and after being declined because we are both capable of taking care of our own house, they wouldn't leave.

Mel doesn't like confrontation, and one of the times one of these assholes came to the door she was home alone and the person wanting money would not leave and then started trying to get into our back yard. I had to come home from work to kick these two guys off of our property.

Mel can not stand confrontation, unless it is with me. I forgot what the argument was actually about, but I know I was mad that she wouldn't just call the police herself and that I had to leave my job to go take care of this.

Jump ahead a few months, in December of 2014 she stopped sleeping in the same bed as me and would prefer to sleep on the couch. Jump to January 2015, where she would wake up, or maybe not even go to sleep, and I would wake up because I am a light sleeper.

One evening, while in class, I decided to gain access to her email account, her Facebook account and some other social accounts to see if I could find anything going on. I found out she had been seeing her ex boyfriend while I was in class and at work.

I got home, she was on her laptop and said she wasn't expecting me to be home so early. I told her I knew what was going on, explaining what I had found to her. She was mad that I invaded her privacy and I was mad that she cheated on me. It was a very terrible argument.

I'm treated like a second class citizen and Mel does nothing around the house. She used to clean around the house, now she lets it pile up and that starts fights. If I ask her to do anything we agreed I would do around the house she ignores me and gets defensive.

What followed the situation was, she didn't call the police on me and I told her I wouldn't throw all of her belongings on the curb.

Jump to 2016. She is back to sleeping on the couch, I don't trust anything she says, and our relationship is more like a roommate agreement now.

I'm not perfect, I'll admit that. I don't want it to seem one sided but it kind of is.