Here is the summary:

Im 19 shes 18 i know were still young but this is so important me.
So im in a three year relationship going onto 3 years and 2 months, but right now were going through an extremely rough time.

Im a second year in college and shes a first year (we attend the same college).
Now the next day she realizes she wants to be with me and tries to get me to be with her but i tell her no im done im so sick and tired and shes telling me and telling me to be back with her but i hold my ground and say no.

But its only been a day so it was mostly out of anger you know, that anger that everyone gets but after a couple of days of your own space your ok.
However that night she decides to get drunk with that guy and they end up making out, and fall asleep together, they dont do anything i trust her on this.

And the tells me the next day and naturally im heartbroken im like WTF why would you do this it hadn;t even been 24 hours that i said we were over.
Fast forward to last month and shes back to feeling iffy about our relationship and doesn't know if she wants to have "title" with me.

So basically she says she'll never find anybody who she thinks is as good as me, yet she doens't want to be my GF, confusing right?
Anyways she would tell me this and i would be tell her ok you can have some space and think things through, im not forcing you to be with me.

But over the next couple days i cant help but talking to her because i miss her.
Every time we talk she tells me about how sorry she is and how she shouldn't have done it, and now she always tells me how bad she finally wants to have a "title" with me and be in a relationship with me and how much she loves me and can't be without me.

So shes trying so hard to try and be with me and convince me that she'll be a better person and make me happy.
But i can't help but think of what she did, a day doesn't go by that i dont think of her making out with that dude ( i know it sounds stupid it was just a kiss but it hurt me so deeply)

I feel so utterly betrayed that it was with the same dude as last time, out of all people the same little cunt fuck is who she made out with.
Recently ive been hanging out with her and were sort of mending things but, sometimes when im with her i utterly despise her.

But the feeling of betrayal doesn't let me show my love to her and appreciate her, i feel so hurt that it gets in the way.
Also she is down right fucking gorgeous, there isnt a day that a guy doesn't try to hit on her or talk to her.