Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

She was sexually assaulted and raped by an uncle when she was a little girl (over a period of several months – a year).

We do not discuss sex.

When we do have it I feel as though she is not attracted to ME but rather just wants sex. Not at all like she wants me, she never initiates any touching of me during sex.

The end result of this is that I feel an oblation surrounding sex and I do not feel attractive to her at all.

I tried NoFap. I was on day 10 when what I will call “the incident” happened.

As soon as I did [cum] she gets up and goes to the bathroom, I can tell that she is pissed. When she gets back to the bedroom I attempt to get things going again but she rebuffs me.

Turns out, that while I was attempting to wake her up, she was frozen, not sleeping.

She feels that what happened was non-consensual and that I violated her by “humping her like a post”.

Three months ago, she moved into the spare bedroom. Saying she could not sleep next to me anymore.

During this 3 month period I convinced her to see a couples councillor.

We have gone to 3 sessions and the councillor has started my Wife on the road to confronting the abuse.

Our councillor has a medical issue, and was unavailable for the past month and a half.

Since we moved across country we both have had a hard time finding friends. She decided that we should start looking online and I agreed.

Over the past few months I have noticed she is getting more protective of her phone, and more and more text messages are arriving.

I often hear her phone go off late in the night.

Last week a package arrived for her, we do not order many things online, so this was strange.

Today I have the day off work. So I snooped on her computer.

I found her online profile looking for friends and it does claim to be only looking for friends.

What I did find was a single email, confirming her new Gmail address, one she has never told me she has.

The confirmation email was only a few months old. Then I checked the recycle bin.

In there I found 3 pictures, one of some guy, one of her pussy and one of her in Lingerie that I have never seen before.

All taken in her bedroom.