Here are the selected sentences:

Two months ago I (23 year old dude) was looking desperately for a place to rent inside of my budget and close to where I work.

I go to talk with K (male roommate) and L (female roommate) and they seem like a reasonable couple that needs someone for the second bedroom of their apartment.

I'm no genius myself, but since I've met them I've thought of them as a bit dim. They blatantly miss social cues, have little or nothing to add to discussions, seldom show any promise at problem solving or critical thinking, neither can boast of any kind of degree (not that I can, but I hope to by the time I'm 30), and rarely say anything interesting.

So after moving in I started realizing how much I hate living with them. They both like to get **hammered** drunk.

L also has a brother. I found out recently that he's an ex-con, which honestly wouldn't bug me much since I have a few felon friends and was once charged with a felony when I turned 18.

I have since found out (thanks to K's drunk rambles) that L and her brother had a "serious" meth problem a few years back and K is afraid she may back slide into using again.

L's brother is also the biggest creeper. Officially the biggest creeper. All he does is talk about the girls he stalks on Facebook, dating sites, and bars.

I wouldn't call him dangerous, but when he starts getting sleazy towards my sister/friend/ex-girlfriend (current girlfriend at the time) it bothers the shit out of me.

About a week ago I found out that K is in the states on a visa that is expiring in six months or so.

Yesterday I got up from a nap to find a guy moving into our living room. At first I thought it was a stranger, but it turned out to be one of K's friends that I had met once(as in one time for like 15 minutes).

Let's call the new addition "B". He's older than K or L, around 35-40 and an ex-army guy.

I wasn't sure what to do since he was already moved in. I told them it didn't bother me if he stayed for a while, as long as it wasn't a permanent thing and didn't cause trouble.

Now there's a guy I barely know with keys to my house who hangs out there all day. This makes me seriously uncomfortable.

My question is how the flippity fuck do I deal with this? Are there useful techniques for taking a stand? When do I take a stand and tell them "this is not okay" and when do I let shit slide?

**TL;DR:  My roommates of two months get in shouting matches/slap fights fortnightly, one's sibling is gross and moderately scary, and they invited a guy I don't know to come live with us for an unknown period of time. What do!?!?!?!?**