Here is the summary of about 10% of the text:

December 2012, I moved in with two guys from my grad program (Guy #1 and Guy #2). Both are very nice, very clean and pretty quiet guys. Perfect roommates, for the most part.

It seemed like Guy #2 resented the attention I was giving Guy #1 (I remember one instance where he was listening at the door and another where he kept interrupting our conversation when the door was closed. He kept coming to check out what was going on), but I just brushed it off, thinking I misinterpreted the situation.

Guy #2 was an absolute sweety while I was living in the apartment, giving me free advice on certain professors, classes, and giving me his old study guides.

At first, I misunderstood him and thought he was being *too* nice, like wanting to show how nice of a guy he was, how great of a boyfriend he'd be.

I talked to G#1 about how G#2 was being, and how it made me uncomfortable. G#2 seemed like he was hitting on me! I'm his roommate, it's weird!

From then on, I ignored the warning signs and got closer to him. He was never too flirty with me, but when I needed some self confidence, he was always there to provide it.

Eventually, he found a girl who was super sweet, pretty and nice. When I met her, I was so impressed and really started to like her. She'd be someone I'd hang out with.

I kept telling both guys how much I'll miss them and G#2, whom I've gotten really close with since moving in, kept saying it back, and adding "We need to hang out! You can't forget me!"

I started feeling weird about the situation when I woke up G#2 to go grab breakfast with me at a diner the other day. He was tired and groggy and just pulled me into his bed when I said "Wake up, sleepyhead!" in an obnoxious voice.

I tell him no, saying I've been on my feet all day, and it's gross. He brings up my ex-boyfriends and says that none of them treated me right, and that I was such a catch. Then he mentioned something sexual that I told him in passing about my last relationship (when we got closer, I brought up sex and stuff, and asked him questions and he's asked me questions).

Tonight, he came back to the old apartment to box up some more of his belongings. He ended up sitting down with me on the couch, giving me a foot massage and trying to coax me into cuddling with him.

I mean, I like his girlfriend a lot. I think they suit each other very well, and I really want to hang out with her in the future.