Here is the summary:

Honestly i never get outraged at shit i see on the internet but how is this not pedophilia ?
Because it's boys/men, not girls/women.
Isn't the stereotypical pedophile a guy who molests boys? I mean, just in general, it seems to me that the image of a child victim of sexual assault is often actually a boy instead of girls.
No boys don’t have issues it’s impossible 

/s
Im asking myself the same question. This really is outraging. This is a problem, not "fat shaming" or other stuff like that.
I'm too lazy to find a source but I remember reading that boys make up 40% of child sex trafficking and abuse cases. I would say this is not a gender issue and a simple human issue we all need to fix.

Reports estimate about 36% of children in the US sex Trafficking industry are boys.

That “something” might be the fact that a lot of people here are grasping at nothing to be angry about something. This article isn’t bad nor is it controversial even if you swapped sexes. There have been similar articles with genders reversed and there’s never been a complaint other than maybe a small community like this one.

Possibly because a female pedophile doesn't have to traffick a boy to abuse a boy.  A single female pedophile could easily adopt or even have her own child to abuse.  Male pedophiles will have a much harder time adopting, and if a single male adopts a girl, he will likely be under far more scrutiny for something inappropriate.

I think that you're right. The point is, though, that when it comes to abused children, it's girls who are overlooked.

The majority of public conversation about child sex trafficking seem to make out that the victims are basically all girls. You see it in the news, and the way they talk about it, it seems that there is this assumption that at least in child sex trafficking it's girls and women who are being traficked, because adult men usually aren't

That.. Makes no sense at all.

Are you out of your fucking mind?   We have a story here every day about a woman abusing a boy and getting off Scott-free.   Flip the genders and the man will spend decades in prison.

Right, but their lack of sexuality isn't why pedos are attracted to them. They're just attracted to kids.

It is an anti-feminist movement, but that shouldn't be what defines it.

The title doesn't help either. And you can never trust Vice.

Let's say kids age 7 or 8 had developed sexual organs, would they still be attractive to them?

The waters are muddy in this topic. A child molester isn’t necessarily a pedophile. Some people get fucked up on drugs and do things. Others are just depraved. Pedos operate from fetishism.

I was quoting science. If you prefer your 'sense', then more power to you.