Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. You can only deliberately do what you most want to do, and only freely choose what you most want to choose (in any given situation).
2. You cannot control what you want.
3. P1) You can ____ deliberately do what you most want to do, and ___ freely choose what you most want to choose (in any given situation). 
4. P2) You CAN control what you want.
5. Conclusion: You CAN control what you deliberately do or what you freely choose. In other words: You DO  have free will.
6. P1) Green plants photosynthesize.
7. P2) Stones are not green plants.
8. C) Stones don't photosynthesize.
9. ORIGINAL POST (valid and sound)
10. MODIFIED (only valid)
11. P1) Green plants photosynthesize.
12. P2) Stones ARE green plants.
13. C) Stones DO photosynthesize.
14. edit: I changed the analogy so it better matches my original argument.
15. Except in this example there is actual empirical evidence or tests that shows that p2 is incorrect.
16. There is no empirical evidence of not being able to control your wants.
17. I want to eat the second bowl of ice cream but I choose not to eat it.  Eventually I no longer want to eat it.   Is a good example of controlling your wants.  
18. You have failed to show how your original p2 is correct.
19. So you've conceded that it's not a circular argument - that's some progress. And you're right, it all comes down to whether the premises are in fact correct. But we don't need empirical evidence to prove that changing one's desires is impossible. Logical reasoning is enough. As I already said in the original post under 'In defense of P2', deliberately changing your desires is a decision that you can only make if you want to make it, and if you decide to want to make it that's another decision you'd need to want to make in order to make it and so on. It inevitably leads to an infinite regress and we can therefore declare it impossible - just through logical reasoning.
20. In your ice cream example: Did you choose that not eating the second bowl will eventually result in you no longer wanting it anymore?
21. I never said you did not have a good argument.   You do.  All I have ever said is that is is an internal circular argument.   Just because you can say something logically does not mean it is true.  Your arguement is true only if you are correct.   There is not enough evidence other than internal reasoning that shows you are correct.
22. That is why you can interchange one or two words and make the completely opposite argument. 
23. When I changed the words in your OP I was trying to show you this.  My changed version was still an internal circular argument. 
24. You only come to the conclusion of your premise because you previously accepted that we cannot change our wants.  An individual who accepts that we can change our wants can reach a logical conclusion as well.
25. It is fine if you choose to accept you arguement and it is fine if you choose not to.  Just know that both sides are making an internal circular argument due to the fact that they previously accepted the premise of their particular prospective.
26. &amp;#x200B;
27. P1) You can only deliberately do what you most want to do, and ___ freely choose what you most want to choose (in any given situation). 
28. P2) You CAN control what you want.
29. Conclusion: You CAN control what you deliberately do or what you freely choose. In other words: You DO  have free will.
30. &amp;#x200B;
31. At the subatomic level, the process of neuron firing IS known exactly. Neurons obey Quantum Electro-dynamics (QED). We don’t know the higher-level details yet,
32. I miss worded what I was trying to say.  I was trying to say that the specifics of why a particular  neuron is charged and fired and the destination of the charge is unknown.
33. A firing neuron would indeed violate the conservation laws, including that of mass, **unless it fired in a precise way governed by the laws of physics** \- which precludes randomness and free will.
34. And it doesn't matter that the brain's wiring has unknown aspects.  It's wiring.  Like a circuit board's.  You don't need to know how a circuit board works to know that it follows deterministic laws of physics, which precludes randomness and "free will" from the circuit board.  Your entire nervous system is a circuit board.
35. EDIT - A bit more.  Violating conservation of mass means mass would appear out of nowhere, or else would vanish from existence, which would obviously have an impact on whatever this mass interacts with.  If the mass were flowing through a neuron, then that neuron's impact on other neurons would be affected in some random, non-physical way.
36. This is just because it is a valid logical argument: The conclusion necessarily follows from the premises. This is how logic works. Your modified version is still valid but no longer sound, because P2 is now false and therefore the conclusion becomes false as well.
37. Here's a simple analogy to make this clear:

ORIGINAL POST (valid and sound)

P1) Green plants photosynthesize.

P2) Stones are not green plants.

C) Stones don't photosynthesize.

MODIFIED (only valid)

P1) Green plants photosynthesize.

P2) Stones ARE green plants.

C) Stones DO photosynthesize.
38. &amp;#x200B;
39. 1) Which of the premises of my argument contains the conclusion?

40. 2) How are my premises incorrect?