Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

My sources said Rite Aid factory.  My coworker has a sister in the rite aid building who checked in safe.

I work about 3 miles away.  We're locking our doors.

edit:  as of 11 am EST, our local police still dont have the shooter in custody but have confirmed multiple (3) fatalities.

edit:  11:20 am EST - the suspect is a woman and she's in the hospital and no longer considered at all.

edit:  Harco Sheriff's briefing at 12 pm EST:  shots fired call came in at 906 am, authorities on the scene within 5 mins.   Single suspect in custody, in critical condition at the local hospital.  No shots fired by law enforcement.

Last edit:  1 pm, all the roads to the area are closed off and there's 4 choppers hovering in the air.  From my insider source:  Rite Aid employees are not being evacuated out but are being told to return to work, business as usual.

Post last edit edit:  The shooter has died in the hospital as of 3:10 pm.

Suspect in critical condition but LE didn't fire a shot? 

Failed suicide attempt maybe?

Edit:  looks like you are right; disgruntled employee, failed suicide attempt.

> Failed suicide attempt maybe?

That's the speculation around here but nothing confirmed.

What three specific laws that don’t already exist, would you support?

Increasing the minimum age of purchasing a weapon, bolstering background checks - especially at gun shows where most people purchase their weapons, and implementing a red-flag policy where family members, courts and mental health professionals could delay a person possibly purchasing a weapon due to them possibly being dangerous.

What laws would prevent people from killing others with guns?

Fuck off with that NRA talking point bullshit, we can at the very least make it illegal to kill other people with firearms.

I do agree somewhat on the red flag policy, although that can get very dicey when you can have pretty much anyone tell the authorities that they feel you're dangerous and then your due process goes away. There has to be a better way to screen out the psychos from getting their hands on them though.

The founders were aware that technology would change in regards to weapons. They had rapid fire weapons in development back then.

I apologize. I don’t know when every weapon was made but I was specifically talking about weapons like M2A1 .50 cal. Or the M2 Browning. Sorry I didn’t clarify.

Tl;Dr Maryland has strict gun laws already.

Gun control is pushed by "progressives" but used by many racist cops to lock up minorities, esp blacks, for no reason at higher rates than white people