Here is the extracted summary:

Taking your pet to the Walmart of ~~veterinarians~~ pet groomers is perhaps not a good idea.

Edit: The veterinary service doesn't deserve to be associated with PetSmart. Buy your pet's food from them, with caution, but use an appropriately accredited pet groomer.
They aren't vets. They are groomers.

Buy your pet's food from them, with caution,

Well, for one, their in-house grooming service appears to have a minor problem with its customer's pet's longevity shortly after a visit. For two, BigRetail isn't exactly well known, at the lowest level, for its attention to detail.

I buy my cats Wellness and Soulistic from them. To the best of my knowledge, PetSmart is just the retailer and has nothing to do with the brand or product.

Banfield is the vet office associated with Petsmart and I am continually shocked at how wonderfully they've been to my 3 cats

I take my two dogs to Petsmart for grooming. We have tried at least a half dozen other independent groomers that were recommended to us. They were all terrible, dogs' cuts were not even, choppy marks from the clippers, etc. All but one smelled like piss and were in older buildings that didn't seem to maintain the floors, etc. Our Petsmart is clean, doesn't smell, the dogs' cuts are always consistent, etc.

I'm glad your individual store appears not to be a part of a problem, based on your sole experience. This may not be true for the entire chain as a whole.

It's the same price on Amazon for me for my dog, and somehow that 30lb bag of food is still free 1-2 day delivery.

I think that's the thing. It's individual crappy places(whether it's part of a national chain or a small family run place). It can happen anywhere. If you have that many places, it's bound to happen.

&gt;Buy your pet's food from them, with caution,

That's why I included the conditional "perhaps" in my comment. PetSmart is a national chain like the aforementioned Walmart, BestBuy, etc., and those chains have been found to use some nasty means to keep profit margins as high as possible.

I don't know why it has to be an insinuation that the good Petsmart is ONE store and may not apply to the chain.

Why not the bad store being at ONE Petsmart and not applying to the chain as a whole?

I'll never use a big box groomer for my dogs. You get so much better service and attention to detail with a smaller grooming service. I also cannot stress enough that you should tour the facility and see how they care for the other pets before you make an appointment. If they refuse to let you in the back DO NOT risk it!

Yes, but when you're there to kill an old cat riddled with cancer, excellent care leaves that impression. Or at least it did with me. Felt above and beyond, so I talk about it like it was

I completely understand and agree. That's why I mentioned I think we got lucky