Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

Welcome to the /r/MaleFashionAdvice Daily Simple Questions thread - Our Daily thread to ask about all things related to male fashion.

Also, theres a handy-dandy search bar to your right, and if you didn't know, you can also use Google to search MFA by using the limiter "site:reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice" after your search topic.

Be aware that the more information you add (BUDGET), the more relevant answers you may recieve.

Do you have any recommendations on comfortable, casual sneakers that also look good? I'm very curious about New Balance (since they pop up so much in this group).

I actually already have a pair of the Adidas GATs! I'm looking for a darker sneaker. Any specific NB recommendations? Or maybe Asics/Onitsuka?

Olive, grey or black.

I LOVE my Onitsuka Tiger Alliance off-white, and the Saucony Bullet are rather interesting in terms of a slim retro runner.

Great, I'll look into these!

Mexico 66

There's no way in hell I'm spending $400 on plain white sneakers, haha.

Hang out with us at /r/frugalmalefashion they go on sale for under 300 all the time.


And yes, I totally get the hobby thing; I've been playing guitar for many years, and I'm already working out what my next major purchases are going to be. However, I feel as though I go through shoes more quickly than high end guitar equipment, haha.

[This](https://i.imgur.com/Aa4LeV6.jpg) is my first pair of non-skinny jeans in a long time. Would love to hear some second opinions on the fit.


I don't think I'm going to have them hemmed -- I like the length as is. Waist fits perfectly.

Looks fine.

Looks 100% better than anyone in skinny jeans.

Well ,it’s complicated we are a small company and I mostly work from home, I’ll need the outfits mostly for when I travel on site, and for meetings too .

What sort of things do your peers, clients, or superiors wear in such situations.


Button down shirt, dark jeans or khakis, Clark desert boots or dress shoes with rubber soles for comfort

gap always have good sales, uniqlo is good, american eagle if also not bad on sale. don't pay retail unless its for uniqlo.