Here are the selected sentences:

Now in pretty much every major religion, philosophy, and school of thought we have extremely intelligent people that have reached that conclusion.

We constantly provide arguments, argue over which is right, and have intelligent people on both sides of the argument being consistent in their argumentation.

What if this hyperintelligent AI used the same arguments for and against these concepts that we use in this subreddit on a daily basis?

I personally feel like, out of principle, I shouldn't accept the hyperintelligent AI's conclusions if it's using the same arguments people use today since then I'm trusting it almost purely on the authority of its superior mind.

In my personal opinion, faith is a symptom of mental disease for people who can’t handle the fact that their existence is meaningless and futile, or that death is the end.

I think for myself it would depend on if I believed the A.I. feared death or not, and if it thought it could be saved if it drew the conclusion that God existed.

You lost me here:  "...the fact that their existence is meaningless and futile, or that death is the end."

Holding incorrect or unsupported beliefs doesn't mean you are of unsound mind; people in the opposite political party from you do that every day.

I think the reason people keep those beliefs is a combination of indoctrination and fear. Fear of death and fear that existence is pointless.

Claims like yours about people's false consciousness are almost impossible to prove, and the abundance of intelligent, healthy converts both to and from religions is convincing evidence that indoctrination is not dispositive.

We should leave determining what is, or isn't, a mental illness to the doctors. And so far I haven't heard of a single serious paper claiming faith as a disorder.

It’s why every 12 step program has give up to a higher power and why kids are taught not to test or question God’s will.

When have you ever seen an intelligent, healthy, happy, mentally sound person convert to a religion based on objective evidence? Not ever if they are being honest.

That’s the reality of indoctrination and the mental disease of religion. People all over the world believe things like their God talking to them, that they should blow themselves up for him, that God looks out for them with the same intensity as all these others despite being from different religions.

So look at it this way, either all those religions are somehow right despite that making even less sense than any individual religion, one of them is right which means all of the others are delusional in their faith, or none are right and religions is the most common mental disease in existence, born of fear and indoctrination.

A feature of humanity as you said, and just because it’s a feature doesn’t mean it isn’t a mental illness. Depression is a feature too.

The way I see it, I believe in a lot of things that are not realistically provable. Do I have good taste in clothes? Outside of a thought experiment, I will never be able to prove that; I must rely on my own judgment and supporting circumstantial evidence.

Questions like this are unprovable due to the subject matter. We can't make Vishnu demonstrate his existence to everyone's satisfaction, and we can't build a god-detector.

Maybe, maybe not. I don't see how you can make this assertion that its not possible. Just because we haven't done it, and can't think of a way to do it, doesn't make it impossible.

You have to prove that something is impossible. Merely stating it as such doesn't make it so.

So why accept something to be true that you don't have evidence to support that its true? And by your assertion, you can't even find out if it's true? Its irrational to believe something you can't demonstrate.

Where are you getting God of the gaps? Neither of us have been talking about that. I'm saying that we operate without proof for many things that aren't even impossible to prove, merely prohibitive to prove, so making decisions without proof is not inherently suspect.