Here are the extracted sentences:

1. The Libor scandal was a series of fraudulent actions connected to the Libor (London Interbank Offered Rate) and also the resulting investigation and reaction.
2. The scandal arose when it was discovered that banks were falsely inflating or deflating their rates so as to profit from trades, or to give the impression that they were more creditworthy than they were.
3. Libor underpins approximately $350 trillion in derivatives.
4. A company Elon co-founded merged with another company that had created PayPal and then they renamed the company to PayPal.
5. Elon Musk did not personally invent PayPal lol
6. He redirected X.com to focus exclusively on Paypal and was immediately replaced by the board, they didn't agree that the hard pivot of focus to the Paypal money exchange service was the right move.
7. They ripped control away from him immediately when he took the gamble. It was well known when it happened.
8. Steve Jobs and Wozniak invented Apple.
9. Loan companies use the libor rates as a reference. With falsified libor rates, mortgage companies were more confident than they should have been and giving rates far lower than than they should've been to home buyers.
10. Thus, causing our housing market to bubble and eventually crash.
11. This is just going off of the top of my head when we studied the issue in college. I'd have to really dig in for more detail, but the libor rates impact a ton of financial institutions.
12. All the shit they did in the years before 2008
13. That’s whataboutism. While more should have been charged, the events of 2008 have zero relevance to Musk’s situation.
14. Prior to his announcement, he had spent weeks lamenting the short sellers of TSLA. Then he announces he may take it private at a significant premium and the stock jumps up immediately.
15. It likely was a move done specifically to inflict maximum pain on those short sellers. If that was the case, that’s highly illegal.
16. The SEC has been so useless in the recent past that it is noteworthy that they are taking significant action against someone prominent.
17. Colluded to manipulate prices to their own benefit even if it meant screwing their customers.
18. No era of the SEC would ignore it.
19. There were plenty of bankers who admitted guilty to felonies. The attorney general did not prosecute any.
20. You’re assuming LIBOR rates were always being adjusted to the upside...I wish I could remember who did the study, but the findings didn’t support that.
21. Relating this directly to the mortgage crisis is a stretch.
22. It's a lot easier to nail people when they post their misdeeds to twitter, not sure a lot of Bank CEOs were doing that in 2008.