Here are the extracted sentences:

1. I'll forgive the Emmys because that's a big deal. It's like skipping a family wedding or something. It's not reasonable of anyone to expect him to work through it.
2. Taking on writing jobs, whether it's the GoT spinoffs or something else is kind of a dick move though.
3. He told us years ago that he intended to have this book out before season 6, and then when he missed that time line he said shortly thereafter. We're waiting for season 8, and still no ETA? Nothing at this point is grasping at straws.
4. Yeah, how dare this 70 year old man enjoy his life! What a major asshole for not being chained to his computer!
5. He's always been bad at predictions
6. Because that's not how his writing process works.
7. John Ford used to chew handkerchiefs? Awesome, but it didn't take him eight years to direct Stagecoach.
8. There comes a point where someone's process needs to change in an effort to yield actual results.
9. I will however concede that ASOS did come out relatively quickly.
10. Quill and paper are at least portable.
11. Creativity can hit you at any moment. It would be nice if he brought a laptop around to take notes on or maybe had random ideas that he can just get down on paper.
12. More often than not these creative random thoughts and ideas tend to come forward when you're not forcing yourself to think about them, so you have to always be prepared.
13. He doesn't need a laptop to jot these ideas down, that's when pen and paper is for.
14. Also, the man has been a successful author for decades, I'm pretty sure he knows what works and what doesn't for him, and bringing a laptop to write the few days he's away from home a year isn't going to make much of a difference.
15. He was also in San Jose for Worldcon last month. I know because I saw him. That was a week long event. He came into town on August 14th and left on the 21st.
16. What If I start it off with “No offense, but..”?
17. Now I said "with all due respect" Mr. Dennitt.
18. I am very displeased by tha taimeley delay
19. Does that mean that rude comments about other people are allowed?
20. With a silver harp.

Note: Some comments may have been removed or edited for content, but these extracted sentences should give you an idea of the general tone and themes discussed in this post.