Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

They didn't even charge her with statutory rape. Only "criminal sex act." What in the fuck?

In NY there needs to be penetrative sex for statutory rape.

It's because statutory rape isn't the name of any actual law in New York.
They just call it rape.  You think if they added the word statutory they would take away the requirement of penetrative sex?
No rape charges for her, either. Something's fucky.

Like I said, it’s because NY requires penetrative sex for rape.

Criminal sexual act in the second degree is a Class D felony and includes oral or anal sexual contact between a defendant who is at least 18 years old and a minor who is younger than 15, unless the defendant is less than four years older than the victim. Penalties include up to seven years in prison. (N.Y. Penal Law § 130.45 (2018)).

I think plenty of people would think having oral sex with underage minors is statutory rape. And while the law isn't called it at all the law functions in the same exact way.

The reason it’s not in New York isn’t because they don’t have a statutory rape charge, it’s because if they did it would require penetrative sex.

They also have 3 different charges for consensual oral sex with a minor depending on the ages of the people involved, that’s why she got charged with criminal sexual act in the second degree.

I think you just really want something to apply that doesn’t. The reason I haven’t been charged with a time crime isn’t because there are no laws against changing the past, it’s because I can’t time travel.

A penis going into a mouth doesn't count as penetrative?

If you notice a common element in both of those scenarios, it should be obvious why this instance doesn't count as far as the law is concerned.

So Bill Clinton was telling the truth all along

It is classified differently yes

Not necessarily true. The law states that no one can have sexual intercourse with a minor, and sexual intercourse is defined as requiring penetration (to exclude oral sex). It does not say that rape is the act of penetrating someone else.

This would be the same charge as a man giving a female oral sex.

No it's not. He said the law states there needs to be penetration to be classified as rape. The law states that statutory rape is sexual intercourse with a minor, and sexual intercourse is defined as requiring penetration. It's meant to exclude oral sex, and oral sex is defined in a lower charge.

Thank you for saying what I was gonna say

So it's physically impossible for a women to be charged with a clear cut crime? Wtf

By definition, yes. The kid isn't old enough to have a will yet (cannot consent).

Oh boy statutory rape is a thing my friend, just that women seem to be exempt from it these days.

Statutory rape isn’t the name of an actual law in New York. She was charged with a law that functions the same way a hypothetical statutory rape law would functions.