Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. But what happens if we clone a Neanderthal from its bone dna? It would not share our cursed ancestor.
2. I completely agree that it's messed up and they somehow manage to find a way to make it fit, to avoid cognitive dissonance.
3. However, as they say, the devil is in the details. That's why it's important to talk about this, that's why it's important to dig into the details and talk it out, so that hopefully bit by bit it can increase the cognitive dissonance, and help them see things from our perspective, so that one day they'll start to see that it does make sense to see a world without a god.
4. I know there are justifications and rationalizations aplenty, and I feel I've been doing this long enough I can tell down which road an argument is headed and how it will finish before we even get there, but it's still worth trying.
5. It helps to throw people for a loop, attack it from a new angle they've never thought of before. Many religious people are trained in how they should think about it, the other point of view is framed in a way that is wrong and makes it hard to deconvert them, and they're trained to stick to a certain path to try and convert people to their religion.
6. I say begrudgingly because, from most of the literature that I've read: 1. They still warn against it being "just a theory" and that "science has been wrong before". 2. They require that mankind was created in God's image, and therefore he guided our evolution.
7. Grandpa is similar term, who it is depends on who uses it.
8. I’ve literally never seen a “just a theory” argument come out of serious Catholic literature since the early 1900s when we knew far less than we do now.
9. God would have created the very process of evolution so why shouldn’t we see that process carried out? And either way, that’s not what the *imago dei* even means.
10. This is completely false, unless you have evidence to support it. The church didn't release an official declaration on the matter until 1950. There were a few notable *Catholic scientists* who worked on the early formulation of the theory IIRC, but there is a large difference between the actions of individuals and the actions of an organization as a whole.
11. Not sure what you mean here. Of course we see evolution carried out. That's not what I was referring to.
12. In the loosest interpretation, yes. However, this depends on who you talk to - again, this was from my annotated Catholic bible.