Here are the sentences extracted verbatim from the original text:

1. You need to be on coke to watch a ladies match.
2. Regular Coke is cheaper than Diet Caffeine Free Coke in my local Sainsburys... Just fuck me up fam.
3. My guy 👍
4. I don't like these drinks so I hope they are more expensive for the people who do like them.'
5. Sugar free isn't necessarily a good thing, it's all artificially flavoured.
6. Well it makes me feel less guilty, so I’ll consider a lesser evil.
7. It's dense people like you that allow this obesity epidemic to continue lol
8. Its people like you who want to babysit the world. Its probably like 200 calories. Plenty of the world drink soft drinks occasionally and are healthy.
9. But hey, take away the world's liberties because Brenda drank it and has a fat ass.
10. I still have no idea what the fuck is in them.
11. Like coke zero literally has 0% of either fats, sugars or protein. It's fucking ZERO energy intake yet still tastes really sugary and good. What the fuck.
12. Mate your survival of the fittest bollocks doesn't work when you and I will be footing the bill with our taxes when 'brenda with a fat ass' needs to get treated by the nhs.
13. Where did I mention survival of the fittest? 
14. And alright lets do what you do. Lets also ban alcohol because it only produces unhealthy effects.
15. Sports? Lets ban them, they very often result in injuries. The only activity you are allowed is boring safe cardio.
16. Lets stick a curfew on, an unhealthy sleep pattern can result in an incredible amount of health problems and make you more prone to get into an accident. But also make sure people dont oversleep because that can also be bad. Sleep at 8, up at 5am. Mandatory.
17. Phew, now my taxes can be used for more useful things like cuts for the rich and military advancements for when America feels like a war. Thank God thats sorted, now I'm going to eat some nice oat meal, and if I want to live dangerously, I might even have, a second bowl of oat meal.
18. A full 0.5 liter of a beer a day is borderline alcoholism.
19. Hard to get laid on Coca-Cola when you can't get laid at all, isn't it.

These sentences were copied verbatim from the original text and are not summarized or paraphrased in any way.