Here are the extracted sentences:

1. The pressure difference between inside and outside the space station is only one atmosphere.
2. You wouldn't expect a 2 mm hole in the side of a submarine 10 m under water to cause rapid, catastrophic flooding either.
3. It's counterintuitive.
4. Having a larger ship doesn't mean there is more pressure, it just means that there's more air.
5. The flow rate would be the same regardless of the ship size.
6. This... isn't true. The vast majority of o-rings are made of various other rubbers.
7. Viton is a fluoroelastomer that is safe for vacuum.
8. So it's space rubber?
9. Not the worst idea, getting a space flat is no fun, AAA takes forever to show up.
10. Fill a balloon with water and poke a hole in it with a needle and you'll get a sense for why it took so long for the air to escape from the ISS.
11. Heck, take two balloons filled with air, poke one down where the rubber is thick around nozzle and the other in the main body of the balloon.
12. The size of the hole is only as important as the strength of the material the hole is in.
13. This hole was drilled through metal so the metal wasn't going anywhere to allow the hole to expand.
14. A piece of scotch tape on by the balloon, you can put a needle through the tape and balloon, the tape keeps the hole from expanding catastrophicly.
15. Ah, so the bursting of the balloon is essentially caused by a chain reaction?
16. As the hole gets larger, more air can be sucked out, widening the hole, etc.
17. it has almost nothing to do with the air.
18. when the ballon is inflated the rubber is stretched tightly (under tension). when you poke the balloon the tension rips the hole open.
19. if you were to cut a balloon open and then stretch the sheet out the same amount and then poke it, it would also violently rip itself apart.
20. The decompression knocks the shuttle he took to the station into it and causes a secondary explosion.
21. I mean, I'm just trying to give him something easy that he can likely do to demonstrate that just because there's a whole in it, it doesn't mean that there's going to be catastrophic depressurization.
22. Which, I mean, is obvious given that the ISS didn't depressurize instantly due to one small hole.
23. You're pretty much right on. I don't work for our seals division (which supplies seals for Boeing and NASA) but have worked with them in my BU, which is medical applications.
24. There are tons of rubbers that O-rings are made from, from 14B to chlorobutyl to viton, to ePTFE which is a great temperature resistant sealing material.
25. It's also ridiculously expensive so its only used when temperature swings are at play.
26. Viton/ePTFE would be my materials of choice here due to their fluoropolymer nature which is very temperature stable.

Note: These sentences may not be a comprehensive summary of the original text, but rather a selection of key points and explanations related to the topic of pressure differences in space and the leakage of air from the International Space Station.