Here are the selected sentences:

I can't decide if this is hubris leading to the fall or some four dimension chess that will put him further in the lead.  Either way, time to get the popcorn out.

Further in the lead of whom?

That remains to be seen. What he did harmed his shareholders. He artificially pumped up his stock on social media for the world to see.

You generally don't get very far ahead by pissing off the SEC.

The guess I heard online that made the most sense to me was that the settlement was a token fine and also a requirement that Musk step down. Tesla agreed and then Musk personally was able to kill the deal.

That's a fantastic deal. Why the fuck would anyone walk away from that?

It reminds me of two of the dumbest business calls in the last decade. First, when Google offered $6 billion to buy Groupon. Second, when Groupon said no.

despite being brilliant in some ways Musk seems completely incompetent in other ways

I think he severly underestimates the ramifications of SEC sanctions

To add to that, dude's only got a degree in physics which never qualified him as an engineer in my eyes to begin with.

He promised never to give up control of the board after he lost power with paypal.  Two new board seats and a new chairman would make it more likely they would kick him out.

That's a terrible deal. Elon wants away from the bullshit of the stock market.

The joke's on everyone - Musk was actually wearing the spacesuit on that Tesla that he sent out into the solar system, and the Musk we've been seeing since then is just a highly-advanced animatronic.

Arrogance.

So hes dead?

How many orbital rockets have you designed? How many electric cars? Oh, is it none? I'll bet it's none. 

Tell us again how the guy designing rockets and electric cars and tunnel boring machines isn't an engineer? because of a piece of paper that has the wrong word on it?

Mishaps happen. It wasn’t fraud. He didn’t intend to defraud people.

That advice is only given by hairdressers with “Believe” tattoos.

Well, what are the alternatives? Look at the facts: Musk went *way* out on a limb with that tweet, and it clearly had an effect on the stock price.

The SEC is obviously going to be offering a penalty that is less than the worst outcome for Musk in a trial, to entice him to take it. The only way to get a better outcome is going to be to blow up their case in pre-trial motions or at trial.

I mean he did the crime. He totally fabricated a fictitious buyout with a fake valuation that caused a price spike of a stock that he owns a ton of and has insider insights about.

Chairman != CEO. Chairman is head of the board of directors (who are supposed to be accountable to the shareholders), and a CEO is accountable to the board.

"This isn’t the Vernon I know."

He’s literally pulling the wolf of Wall Street where he backs out of his deal last second Andover ruin his life.

A D&amp;O order could force him out from being the CEO of any public company.