Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

Well, it looks like I'm going to start doing vape reviews. The overlords of Smok has decided to send me not one, but two different kits to review.

I'm super stoked, if nothing else I'll have a back up for the back ups. Maybe I'll gift some unfortunate person with something and help make people's days.

Exactly! Giveaways are fun to enter and fun to win but even more fun to host in my opinion.

Lemme know when the first one comes out if I don’t see it! I’m excited to see your reviewing style and interested in your opinions!

I was more thinking finding someone in the comments down on their luck. Maybe giveaways if I end up with an obscene amount of stuff.

Exactly! Always good to vape forward stuff if it’s still in working condition!

That's why I don't have a Drag anymore

It was free in the first place, seemed right to pass it on. After I won a July 4th giveaway and had my paranormal it was just sitting on my desk.

I just want to help, and if I can offset the cost of shinyitis I'm down

And that’s the way to do it! Do it for the love of helping and you’ll be a trusted reviewer I’m sure!!

I aspire to hit half the trustedness of u/Anthony_Vapes

But yeah Anthony is the man. Great reviewer and the nicest dude ever, he really is haha

Ironically I couldn't stand Jai or Grimm at first, but they had reviews on things I couldn't find anywhere else and I ended up loving them.

I credit grimmgreen with getting me into craft beer haha. Used to love his reviews.

Haven’t seen much of jaihaze but I’ve been told he’s good.

I mostly watch Grimm's vlogs anymore for vape mail, and pick his reviews depending on my interest in the product.

I’ll def give a shout out to Phil Busardo too honestly if you want thorough mod testing. He’s sorta similar to me in his vaping style but he’s thorough and a real entertaining dude if you got like an hour or so to kill on a review (again, kinda like with my reviews lol).

For Grimm, I’ll watch his on occasion but mainly his vlogs every so often.

A short u/jaihaze review is 20 minutes. I like him because he'll buy the item he's going to review if they won't send it to him.

Plus he’s one of the only people who reviews properly expensive stuff.

He seems like a rad dude. I’ll have to hit him up for a certain reason then if he’s on here lol.

Subscribing to his channel now!

Edit: oh shit I know his shop. Been there a few times myself!!

It's in Jersey, I think there are two of them, but I wouldn't be surprised if you have.

&gt;in jersey

Yup, I’ve definitely talked to him a few years back at his shop I think lol.

Okay that’s the most interesting series of gifs I’ve seen in a while lol

There's a reason I only used imgur for a long time

Lol I was never one to use imgur really. Only ever use it for my reviews to host images lol.

I started using it about 6 months after Reddit, because I found myself just scrolling through subreddits that I liked. Then I discovered that imgur was its own community. Honestly ECR was what brought me back to Reddit