Here is a summary of the original text, extracted in approximately 10% of the total words (up to 250):

Here is the selected sentences:

1. By this I mean you would have to account for the following statements: 1) everyone should never do something that is immoral, and 2) everyone should, to their best ability, attempt to do the things that are moral.
2. "If you want to be as satisfied with your life as possible in the circumstances in which you find yourself, you should not commit genocide" is objectively a true statement, and a moral imperative.
3. I think it's very unlikely that you actually *would* have to commit genocide to save billions of people.
4. If you had a valid argument that a small number of people would need to die in order to save the rest of the world, I find it difficult to imagine a situation in which you'd have to *try* to exterminate them.
5. So if 7 billion people's lives depended on it, would it be the right thing to do?
6. Rules can admit of exceptions. But it's exceedingly hard to find real examples of "We have to slaughter this minority group in order to save all of humanity" which are 1) advanced by reasonable people and 2) actually correct.
7. This isn't the trolley problem because the trolley problem involves whether or not you have to actively be involved in order to save the people or not.
8. Can you come up with a hypothetical that's reasonable?
9. It's probably not moral.
10. There is a Minority group of 10,000 that are immune to all types of radiation exposure. They have decided as a group that they are going to eliminate the rest of the human race by detonating Nuclear weapons across the globe. Genocide is excusable in this scenario.
11. The good of the many outweighs the good of the few.
12. Can you prove the relevance of empathy, maximising life satisfaction, and knowledge of an action's consequences to an objective moral framework?
13. How would you define genocide?
14. Would the Allied powers killing all the citizens of Nagasaki in WWII count as genocide?
15. An objective moral framework would be one that everyone should adhere to.
16. Everyone? Also the [uncontacted peoples](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncontacted_peoples) in the Brazilian rainforests (and other places) that can presumable still not write and are absolutely clueless about the rest of the world?
17. What do you mean by "should"? Should in regard to what?

Let me know if you'd like me to summarize further or clarify anything!