Here are the selected sentences:

Alright let's be as fair as possible; The Brian Banks case is currently one of, if not the most extreme outlier with maximum scummy behavior from the false rape accuser and maximum ineptitude by the justice system.

Most false rape accusations are not this extreme.... THAT BEING SAID, false rape accusations absolutely must become a crime. That is the only way the extreme prevalence of them can be dealt with.

False rape accusers are absolute human garbage.

It still happened, thus legal checks must be put in place - extreme ones - in order for such things to never happen.

Extreme or not, false accusers of any kind must be harshly dealt with.

What's your point? do you think anyone here is advocating in favor of false rape accusations?

No. I think that we should be advocating for much much MUCH harsher consequences for them.

Alrighty, that is a valid point of contention and I do see how there is room for advocating an even greater sentence than what I suggested.

The fact that he was eventually found innocent almost certainly means that it isn’t the most extreme case. There are people that are never cleared.

If the false rape accusing gutter trash is disincentivized, that can only be a good thing.

A heinous crime being committed must be investigated/prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. The fact that it isn't is an abortion of justice.

I mean, if I actually cared to prove a stranger on the internet wrong I could take 5 seconds on google and find way worse false rape accusations than this one.

Again, I agree that true false accusers are absolute garbage, but I feel the need to point out that it's impossible to simultaneously be a human AND trash.

I'm terrified my ex is going to do the same. She threatened to do it after we broke up and I'm like "Should I even go outside?!"

Locking up a rape victim is the same as locking up an accused rapist without them raping anyone.

Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence, I'm sure you will agree.

Show me where I have made an extraordinary claim. The problem is, I have yet to do that.

You didn't even look at the pile of research I dropped into your lap, did you.