Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

From the Christian perspective, you won’t get into heaven if you don’t believe in God.

Revelation 21:8 plainly states this.

Belief is never a choice.

Additionally, if people living on remote islands don’t go to hell, then shouldn’t we make sure they never hear about Jesus?

If infants go to heaven then shouldn’t we be slaughtering them in the streets for their own gain?

Huh, I have never thought about that. I’ve only ever discussed do baby’s go to hell (if it exists), which most people I’ve discussed with conclude no, as they either have not sinned/can’t understand if they have.

You’ve probably heard it before but this idea also states that there is an “age of understanding”, so that at some point you become intelligent or mature enough to understand and chose to believe in God or not.

I don't think so, if God is omniscient then he knew that those babies would never grow up, therefore they could never become bad people. So they wouldn’t go to hell.

How’s that not fair, would you have the baby be punished for all eternity for a crime it did not yet commit?

Yes. It should be the same for everyone. God, in its infinite knowledge would know what a person would do in every possible circumstance, if they lived at a different time and place with different challenges.

What’s your reaction to these claims? Probably false, complete uncertainty, or probably true?

I don’t understand “tangible” and “intangible”. But how you are going to interpret something depends on your beliefs.

Yes they would be different because of environmental conditions but supposedly God would know the person's true nature or heart and could judge them accordingly.

What do you mean by true nature, is there something we are born with which transcends our upbringing and informs our decisions?

I guess this is where the idea of salvation comes in, where by you can repent of your sinful actions and be forgiven.

Additionaly, just as I would not want to be sent to hell over things which I never did or don't know If I would do. I would also not want to go to heaven for things that I didn’t do and decisions that I never made.

I am completely sure that nobody knows anything about God or even if God exists.

What do our actions do if not demonstrate who we are/where. We make choices and live with our decisions, good or bad, we then have the ability to change, learn, and grow. From our actions.

An entrensic nature which makes us “good” or “bad” implies that those are neatly separated concepts. That there is a line which makes us one or the other. When in reality morality and “right and wrong” are a massive grey area.