Here are the selected sentences:

Well SCUM is in development for much shorter time yet it's already much more developed than DayZ. Those games are different, bug gameplay wise? Feature wise SCUM > DayZ.

This is my opinion and if your opinion is different then fine, no need to be toxic there is no right or wrong in that sense

I am not talking about realistic elements of DayZ although weapons are one, i am talking about the feeling the game gives you.

Real life can be repetitive and empty too :D

Even if I'm biased as fuck, it's very much objective that DayZ has more serious tone in terms of realism.

Not saying that it couldn't be fun though. Everyone can have their own fun. I'm totally not touching it myself, I already made that decision when I saw the mechs.

Ohhh and that's why they removed realistic shootin mechanic to add arcade one?

Despite what is in now, we have had medical already, it will just be revamped later for new tech.

You misunderstood the scopes. I mean the display in scums scopes that calculate everything for player.

Completely unrealistic stuff. Giant tracers and all. It's all against what a HC game is.

They are only a little bigger than in ARMA 3.

What? There is zeroing working exactly same way as in DayZ. You set zeroing and game ignores gun or ammo type and just calculates so if you set 200 zeroing bullet lands at 200.

And how calculating zeroing for different ammo types and guns is realistic? If DayZ is so hardcore realistic game then why game doesn't care about my ammo type or gun?

The arcade player type must absolutely love loading rounds into mags one by one

Oh yeah, typical for "such hardcore much realism" type of DayZ fanboy.

Goddamn what are you 7 years old ?

You can't answer simple question that I asked, am I asshole because I pointed this out? I don't think so.

This guys claims its so fucking hardcore realistic, but when presented with a fact that it's not completely ignores what I said. Am I asshole for pointing this out? I don't think so.

Just because it isn't 100% realistic and hardcore doesn't mean that im wrong with saying that the game feels more realistic than SCUM.

What matters the most is that they try to achieve this goal of creating a very realistic hardcore survival experience, thats why i support Bohemia and i like DayZ even in its current state no matter whats missing, i know i will have my expectations fulfilled.