Here are the extracted sentences:

1. A lot of these books also come with supplementary materials that you can use to practice, too.
2. As a department we are talking about incorporating openstax, but there are mixed findings about the effectiveness of these free textbooks.
3. Even if it is free, at the end of the day, students just don’t tend to read.
4. Fanfic?
5. In my state there is a scholarship available, paid by the proceeds generated by the  state lottery's revenue.
6. I'm all for students paying 30$ for a book if it is actually a well writen book, but my current wondering is about a) why books are not 30 but 300$ (this may be a overexageration by the media), and b) why the books are "required", I'd say I could pass every single one of my classes without using extra study materials, because they were either supplied by my professors (like the handouts and copies you mentioned) or were covered during the lectures in such detail that I rarely ever needed extra books (and my professors were always available for consultations, which I understand may not be realistic when it comes to bigger colleges).
7. Let me ask you folks. Would you rather fish out 30-60ish dollars for a clear and concise book with additional materials, or use a free textbook and have to slog through more complex readings?
8. Oh and about the more difficult language, since all the English material that is given to us is basically a foreign language to us, it's regarded as "broadening our language skills" which in itself is part torture and part blessing (e.g. I had to translate the term "stress" for a tension test paper, in Croatia, stress can be translated as 10+ different words, but in English it's just the 1 word used by many different properties xD )
9. She’s actually the wife of my culinary school instructor. He was killed inside the school.
10. Sounds like she was a suspect from the beginning. Don’t the police usually look to the spouse as a suspect first?
11. That makes me think that paying more fot education does not equal better education.
12. This story is really interesting. I wonder if her fantasies just overtook her, or maybe someone had a vendetta and knew she'd be suspect #1? It's probably the first and I probably watch too much law and order
13. True but the prosecutor asked for the judge to seal the record of police suspicions and just cause for arrest. So, we may not know the reasons why they arrested her until trial.
14. What school?