Here is the summary:

I've been with my g/f in a committed relationship for a year, things are great.

Long story short last night we all got together for a casual diner and low and behold her older sister I immediately recognized from a tinder hook up from two years ago.

Yes you read that right, husband of 4 years. In other words I slept with her and she was married and had been for two years.

I have zero idea about her marriage, they could be open for all I know. But my real concern is about my relationship and how to handle this.

If you want to keep dating your girlfriend you have to tell her this ASAP.

To add—have enough faith & trust in your relationship to tell your g/f the truth.

I don't know anything about Tinder, but if you have any receipts left over like conversations or her phone number I would have those ready when you tell your girlfriend.

Lol - or let me destroy a family by revealing that i slept with GFs sister whist she was married. Do you really think GF will stick around after that?

Yeah i agree with you, OP did nothing wrong when he slept with sis. He was not the one cheating.

Why do you think he should tell GF? What do you think will happen if he does?

Hé should tell her because he respects her knowing the truth and making her own choices based on the facts, rather than letting him choose/ rather than him keeping it a secret out of fear.

I expect OPs gf will be upset, probably feel sick, break up with him and maybe be angry at him.

You should tell your gf and she can decide to confront the sister .. The sister expects you two to have that conversation and is probably scared shitless at the moment.

However, as “in the right” as you are, your gf will need to decide if she can fully love someone who’s been intimate with her sister.

I think it’s clear that it’s highly unlikely that this relationship will survive.

A. He keeps it a secret and they stay together. And then they end up married and then have children. Secrets like this don’t stay buried — they always come to the surface eventually.

B. He keeps it a secret but hey break up later for some other reason. Then what’s the point of taking this massive risk at all if the relationship doesn’t last anyway.

C. He just bails now. I wouldn’t blame him — the odds of this turning out okay aren’t good.

D. He comes clean to his GF and they see just how solid their relationship really is.

Oh and one more thing. The sister is fucked no matter what. If she’s hooking up with strangers her marriage is doomed anyway.

Didn't he say they met on Tinder? That's not a drunken mistake, it's premeditated.