Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

I think we have aspects in gender that we all need to look at and definitely change. There are toxic "aspects" of masculinity, but saying "toxic masculinity" as a whole is only going to get the very gender she is trying to help/change???

Why do you guys persist with this bullshit "toxic masculinity means all masculinity is toxic" misinterpretation?

No matter how many times you are told it means aspects of masculinity that are damaging to men you either forget, or pretend to forget, that you've ever been told.

After the fiftieth iteration of this  routine, I'm starting to think you might be arguing in bad faith.  Or you're all goldfish

Well, clearly people have a problem with the term then don't they.

I, personally, haven't taken the current proponents of "toxic masculinity" as particularly credible ever since Michael Kimmel (one of the major male thought leaders behind the concept) got accused of sexual harassment.

They being men? 

Can you blame them? Imagine if the word "feminism" had the same connotation

That's what second wave feminism was about. The Female Eunuch et al.  That you are ignorant of basic feminism in no way surprises me or embarrasses you.

"They" being the people who determinedly misunderstand "toxic masculinity". With you being part of "they" by your own admission.

What if I coined the phrase "Stupid Women's Issues" and then give it the meaning that it only applies to things that are 100% detrimental to women's progress, seems kinda offensive don't you think?

Imagine saying Muslim Terrorism is a huge problem but then having to explain you didn't mean all Muslims, and that terrorism exists outside of Muslims. Woulda been easier to just call it terrorism. Makes more sense and is less insulting.

If your goal is to talk about terrorism perpetrated by Muslims then "Muslim Terrorism" is probably the correct phrasing. If you're talking about terrorism without restricting the class of perpetrators then "Terrorism" is likely more appropriate.

Similarly, 'toxic Behaviour' and "Socially Destructive Behaviour" seem like they describe a superset of toxic masculinity and so they aren't really interchangeable; they would alter the meaning of the discussion.

Yeah that's about it. If your talking about aggressive behavior and its 80:20 male:female your leaving 20% of the conversation unhad by talking about male aggressiveness.

I don't like treating anyone differently, I am of the opinion that treating all people as individuals is the best aspect western culture had going for it and people are trying to tear that down.