Here are the selected sentences:

I didn't know this was a thing, and am 100% here for it.

God, the Queen movie situation just pisses me off. First they let actual garbage human Bryan Singer direct it, then he fucks off after the thing barely enters production, Fletcher steps in and takes over, and then they go and give the directing credit to Singer anyway. Maddening.

Director's Guild is **very very** strict.

It was gonna be a bit rubbish from the get go. You can’t tell the proper Queen story with anything less than an R-rating. Hell, you can’t tell the story of any classic rock group with anything that tame. Imagine if The Doors had been PG-13. May as well make it a children’s movie.

At that point credit hadn’t been determined, but he also stated: “As to whether he will receive the director credit from the Directors Guild of America, Fletcher said, “I don’t know, and at the end of the day, I don’t know that that’s really important. I think the film stands on its own merit, and that’s what really should be important, I think.

In an interview with [The Playlist](https://www.indiewire.com/2018/05/bohemian-rhapsody-director-dexter-fletcher-bryan-singer-exclusive-1201962712/), Fletcher himself said: “I came into the last few weeks of principal photography and editing and the bits and pieces like that. So I was lucky to have a really good input to something, but it’s really about watching what had been already created and being part of that.

So give the credit to the guy who actually did the work. Why does Singer deserve any?

No he left two weeks before it finished filming. And if rumour is to be believed (And I’ve heard it enough times that it probably is) he’s been in the editing suite.

According to the producer, Fletcher shot for 16 days, with the film two thirds completed.

I feel like I’m taking crazy pills seeing Singer keep getting work.

You mean Spike from Press Gang?

This trash Metoo movement has obliterated our rule of law, “innocent until proven guilty.

And even if you ignore the allegations/open secret, he’s still a fucking lazy piece of shit with all this news coming out about his attitude in the production of recent films.

I think you accidentally a word there, pal.

The #MeToo movement is a direct response to the justice system's abdication of duty. Even if you think that the movement is a vigilante mob, guess what? Vigilante mobs only arise to fill a vacuum of justice.

Have you ever considered that the court of public opinion is totally different from an actual court of law?

So basically any group project I do.

You mean Babyface from Bugsy Malone?

Ahhhh, makes sense.  Ya, I live right by a downhill ski jump.  Even looking at it in person makes my palms sweat.

Translation: I’m happy I got paid and maybe it’s better to not take the flak on this trainwreck

I don’t have a problem with the me too movement. What I have a problem with is mob justice.

He will always be know as Spike from Press Gang to me.