Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

After a stormy night, a windfall is left in a field. How did this happen? Some possible explanations include: -The wind may have blown the tree down. -God turned the tree over. -Two meteorites appeared at the same time from outer space, hit and turned the tree over, then collided directly with each other and evaporated, leaving no material remains.

When you play the game of cyvasse you either win or you chuck the whole board. There is no middle ground.

I mean that the head of the dragon is related to the Prince that was Promised and other long night related prophecies. Aegon is neither written nor molded for world-saving stuff, hence it is improbable that he would become a head of the dragon.

What makes a character written or molded for world-saving stuff anyway? I'm sort of confused as to what you mean still.

Curious - Constantly learning from his upbringing and questions Tyrion a lot

Impetuous - Leading the assault on Storm's End and flinging the cyvasse board

Seductive - Not much yet, but Tyrion remarks a single look could land him any maid in the Seven Kingdoms which sounds a lot like Rhaenys

Vivacious - Has fun and a smile in most situations from hanging out with Duck to convincing the Golden Company to invade without Dany

That "Martin breaks from convention" is a blanket statement. What he does is basically disguise his heroes. By focusing so much on Ned and Robb, we think they are the heroes only to have their story cut short.

It didn't strike me as anything unusually curious, but of course ymmv.

Agree.

Handsome =/= seductive. Daenerys is supposed to be exotically beautiful too, one could easily use that criteria to equate her to Rhanys.

How does having one good friend make him vivacious? And I don't read him convincing the Golden Company as *vivacious* either. At the most I can grant him 'charming', which is what he was raised to be as the perfect little prince.

Tyrion gained his trust with good sounding advice, only to made a fool out of him. Tyrion also insulted the people that raised and protected Aegon all his life, and also crushed his dream of an easy marriage with Dany, thereby pushing him into the frightening world of uncertainty. That's when Aegon got angry, and threw his 'hissy fit' as you call it.

Vivacious means full of life. He's bursting with energy in everything he does.

Why is it essential that all three heads be a mega hero anyway?

I'm saying that Aegon is written as a hero for the people of Westeros, but not to the readers, which is where the dichotomy comes in.

Riding a dragon is literally a Big Hero thing to do, so even though our characters aren't standard heroes, I'd expect the riders to be characters we have followed and witnessed their rise and fall from the beginning.

I was talking about the advice of getting his dragon involved too soon. It was this advice he used to make a fool of Aegon

Smiling, he seized his dragon, flew it across the board. “I hope Your Grace will pardon me. Your king is trapped. Death in four.” The prince stared at the playing board. “My dragon—” “—is too far away to save you. You should have moved her to the center of the battle.”

Of course, this completely goes against the advice you were just talking about, about actively going away from his dragon (Dany), which is why this is such a great lesson, forcing the student to consider both the conflicting strategies on an even basis, at the same time driving home the lesson of not trusting anyone.