Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

Given how most of the issues that men should worry about are mainly social and job discrimination, as well as false rape/sexual assault allegations and kangaroo courts, as a committed MRA, quite frankly, focusing on male circumcision seems counterproductive.

One of the worst parts of the anti-circumcision posts is that they often attract allegations of anti-Semitism or anti-Semites who just hate anything "Jewish."

Why does intactivism talk attract allegations of anti-Semitism? Supporters of circumcision point to how reputable studies in America (where the rest of the world wishes they could study/research) that predate and post-date Hussein Obama have found health benefits and negligible/none effect on sexual performance/feeling.

Unless you discount all of this or have good refutation, there is not much reason for being against circumcision or making it a big MRA issue. Many Jews figure that given how much positive evidence there is about male circumcision, the only reason one could oppose it, in light of these studies that show benefits of circumcision, is because of hate of things Jewish or belief that the Jews control everything in America and thus the studies are lying.

I know I'm gonna take a ton of heat from this. I'm prepared. I'm not necessarily saying you per se mind Judaism, but enough people only hate circumcision because they hate anything Jewish, and it taints the MRA movement.

Well, fair enough if true. But we honestly only see the men's issue. If you look back through our posts you'll see almost no mention of Jews, except that they practice the tradition.

You are a disgusting person. Please excommunicate yourself from this movement ASAP.

I would agree. I would add that **raping babies with knives** is a bigger issue than climate change, the middle east, terrorism, and police brutality.

Removing the male capacity to feel as though they are satiated, that they successfully reproduced (and thus bonded to their wives/children), drug use, pedophilia, sadomasochism, perversion, pornography and cheating (always searching for something to *finally* satiate the genetic need to reproduce), etc etc etc is probably the most important issue of our time.