Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

And it depends on the job, but it looks like pipe work.  So he’s dropping a specific stone to allow for proper settling and drainage.  And since they aren’t privy to a machine, as they empty out the drainage stone they are filling the truck with fill they took out.

Yeah, I’m guessing he’s dropping dirt/sand that can be compacted in the trench, and the other guy is removing debris.

I would just expect that they are trying to grate out bits of rocks and road they broke to get to what they were doing and that there is a massive grate in the truckbed and guy on it is tossing down "fine" dirt while the guy on the road is tossing up unprocessed dirt.

I can’t see the type of work they’re doing, I can only assume it’s something deep because of the amount of fill removed (let’s not get into the OSHA violations).

It made even less sense to me given that there are probably way easier ways to shirk work than to just keep shoveling the same dirt over and over, as the OP was implying.

I don’t believe the OP was implying anything more than some humor.  There’s a rhyme and reason to everything we do, but only we know that.

Don’t you threaten me with a good time!

Well, I think the OP was going for humor.  And coming from a construction/road work background, I can say there is more to it than meets the eye.

I mean... I've been in on making fun of stuff like this but my typical assumption is that there is something going on that I don't understand.

You need more upvotes. I hate when people bitch about taxes on construction but continue to vote in morons (both parties) who don't give a shit about us and then pocket our money for doing nothing

No. He's shovelling the spoil to the front of the box to keep it seperate from what's in the back. That way if they move to a spot where they can raise the box (ie not under an overpass), the good fill comes out the back unspoiled.

What crew were those 8 guys on?

I don't do works like this but I build mountain bike trails, and the amount of time we spend removing &lt;this&gt; sort of dirt and immediately replacing it with &lt;that&gt; sort of dirt is really quite amazing. We just don't get a truck, is all.

I mean, to be fair, that is tax dollars at work :) just, op is obviously trying to be sarcastic, he just forgot the /s