Here is the summary:

Most of the world's tax evasion occurs in British Overseas Territories or British Crown Dependencies, like the Caymans, BVI, Turks and Caicos, the Isle of Man. There’s no government in the world more complicit with international money laundering and tax evasion, and more capable of stopping it.

Tax avoidance is VERY different from tax evasion. The latter is illegal.

One is *currently* illegal, the other isn’t *yet* illegal. Hardly chalk and cheese.

It's very different. Like a light being on and a light being off.

No. No it isn't.

I think one’s blatantly not declaring income and hiding it while the other’s getting write offs and rebates for everything?

Correct, the former is evasion ie illegal, the latter is lawful and therefore avoidance.

Tax *avoidance* is choosing to live in such a way so that under the law you don't owe as many taxes.  For example, if I choose to buy something that is cheaper than something else so I can pay less sales tax, that's tax avoidance.  If I refuse to pay sales tax by lying about what I bought, that's tax *evasion*.

You can't make tax avoidance a crime by definition, because it's literally by definition the act of choosing to lawfully follow the law so you don't get charged as much.

Tax avoidance is still bad, and the gov are still complicit.

It wouldn't show up on my phone unfortunately, but I saw it in my notifications.

Go wank over your easy access savings

Peace x

Evaision is simple, it's simply not paying tax when you should, and that is illegal.

Avoidance is considered to be less simple, but that's because there is a range. For now, let's just split it into 2 types.

The first is sanctioned avoidance. This is fine, for example putting money into an ISA so that you don't pay tax on the interest. This is the point of an ISA.

Say that you've worked out how to make it so you have to pay less tax - say that you're given a loan with a negative interest rate that "pays itself" back for the same amount with no tax and you don't have to pay anything, that's avoidance and is legal - you're doing something perfectly legal to pay less tax

I never said we did, but you claimed most of the tax evasion (did you mean avoidance BTW?) happens in UK territories. I am claiming more happens in Ireland.

That's not true. 

If it's illegal, then it's tax evasion.

Tax avoidance is 100% legal. You're innocent until proven guilty.

Then by definition, it's evasion and not avoidance.

Example:
I run an online store selling widgets.  My development office is in the U.S., so I have to pay about 30% of my profits in taxes.  However, most of my widget consumers are in Germany, which has a similar capital gains tax rate.

One year the only money flowing between germany and apple(maybe only apple stores, not sure) was a tax refund.

You say tax-free, but wouldn't you pay corporate income tax in Switzerland?

Evasion: "I'm not going to pay."

Avoidance: "I don't need to because all my profit went into this offshore company. Technically I nothing to pay"

I was of the understand that you still have to pay taxes in Switzerland, but the Swiss tax is just a lot lower than most other places.

Yeah Britain is practically built on tax evasion. There is a reason a huge quantity of money is suddenly backing Euroscepticism right when the EU is looking to crack down on tax avoidance.

Expanding, Apple's money did go back the US.  It wasn't sitting in a vault in Ireland.

I’ll give an example of this in a small term sense. My dad does contract work. He is the director of his small limited company that is contracted by companies so that he can pay himself and my mum in dividends through the company as paying their capital gains tax + corporation tax is less than paying their income tax. Saves them about £40,000 a year