Here is the extracted summary:

Grab the popcorn, kids, this will be fun.
People have been jerking off to this guy for some time now. Always thought the cult worship of Elon was fucking stupid.

It's definitely possible to admire SpaceX for them pushing space travel into the public conversation again while criticizing Elon Musk.

I remember watching them in their infancy on Discovery with what I think was called the X prize. I can't stand the cult behavior.

When achievements are addressed as "Musk did this" opposed to "SpaceX did this" you know it is bad.

I honestly dont even understand the admiration. He shot an unguided missile into space. That would be really impressive...in the 40s.

The lift capabilities of the Falcon Heavy are the strongest of today's rockets though, so that says something about it. On top of that it's nearly completely reusable minus the second stage.

I'm just worried he's gonna run for president

You seem pretty unimportant to any of us, so by your logic, I guess fuck you too, ya know?

And nobody thinks of the trainwreck paypal is or even remembers he had anything to do with it at all.

Late 50s i think you will find....

This is why you don't have some eccentric person cast themselves as the poster boy for your company.

I got laid off from my job, but they brought me right back on without any of my benefits. Several months later I found something better and gave them my advanced notice that I would be leaving.

Savor this karmic retribution.

If everyone had your attitude, what would this world be like?

Ha! Joking aside it was a great experience working for them. Im just glad i was paid to leave before all this mess.

I mean if you suddenly manage to push humanities progress in renewable energy and space flight, AI or brain interfacing technology, let me know and I'll start giving a shit about you too.

He's done a lot.  There was little in the way of electric car opportunity before Tesla, and now every (nearly?) major car manufacturer is in the running, and taking it quite seriously from the looks of it.

SpaceX is also blowing the aerospace industry out of the water.