Here are the selected sentences:

Man stepped in on short notice to give Conor the fight of his life.

I just wish he didn't have the Overeem thing of dropping for guillotines for no reason.

This was Conor's best performance aside from the Eddie fight IMO, it wasn't a one-shot but a sustained striking edge over an elite striker and the ability to get out from underneath an elite grappler.

You don't think he's on juice?

The couch argument is legit but Chad and his team made a big deal about how he’s always in shape so it didn’t matter. Uriah was saying before the fight how Chad performs his best on short training camps.

Then after the fight all you hear is “fight me on a full camp”. Can’t have it both ways.

I mean that first round went exactly how you expected if you bet on Mendes (as did I)

He definitely juiced.

Nice write up. What is your take on Conor Khabib?

Exactly, why do you think he trains in Iceland? Easy to know when USADA is flying in.

The guillotine is one of the most deceptively technical subs there is in my opinion, they are incredibly nuanced and take real finesse to execute, the problem with their use in MMA is that they look simple and many MMA fighters get away with brute forcing them in the gym (making it into a crank instead of a choke), thus thinking they have a good guillotine when in fact their opponent could sit there all day with no threat of going unconscious.

Vast majority of the round was standing and Conor was winning the striking exchanges.

I think in this fight Mendes said he was getting pretty gassed (especially from those early body shots) and realised he needed to go for a finish.

Having just rewatched it, I don't think he was winning the striking exchanges. He's got a good poker face and did a decent job pretending that getting hit frequently wasn’t hurting him, but it was. Mendez did a very good job on the feet and mcgregor could honestly have been knocked out on a different day.

I don't really have a horse in this race and I'm not trying to put my thumb on the scale: from what I just watched, mendez won the first round by most reasonable measures.

Either way, it was the second where conor just got mauled though. People act like the first round was the same as the first part of the second.

“Chad can you fight conor?”

“Yes i do but im not fit enough to fight a full 5 rounds”

= no fight

“Chad can you fight conor?

“Yes i am fit”

= 500 thousand dollars minimum