Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. All these people responding saying they can’t cut with calories that high.... you have to create a deficit. You have 3 ways to do that.
1) eat way less
2) add lots of cardio
3) eat a bit less and add a moderate amount of cardio

I have lots of spare time so I choose to have my calories higher and cardio moderate as well. Fat loss is a long game!

As for my lifts
I do a 4 week rotation for my lifts
Week 1 strength 
Week 2-3 hypertrophy
Week 4 high volume hypertrophy

This has kept me near the same levels of strength. There has been a big drop off in my theorized maxes on bench squat dead but this can be more attributed to not getting the reps in at near maximal (went from nsuns to current program)

Let me say though I feel fucking great sitting at around 200 now. My knees don’t hurt, my lower back either.

More or less.

As your body adjusts you need to adjust as well. My calories can be this ‘high’ because of the volume of cardio I do. If I got rid of the cardio (280min weekly) I would most likely stall or even gain weight

I guess for recovery it all depends on what your split is. If I was doing PPL it would prob be too much volume and I couldn’t recover or would experience CNS fatigue.

My three best points of advice would be:

1) it’s a slow game. Give yourself 4+ months to really get into the shape you desire. After that re-evaluate what you have done and plan out the next meso-cycle

2) I ‘try’ to fast until about noon. I prefer eating larger meals 4x then smaller 6-8x. This also gives room for you to have more ‘cheats’ in terms of volume of food 

3) get a coach. Hands down this is what has helped me the most

It makes a massive difference IMO. Protein requirements vary. If you're not a naturally muscular guy, better be eating your weight in whey.

whats your thoughts on the high rep / light weight vs low rep / heavy weight theories

Its more the lifting three times a week. That's not often enough on a deep cut.

Before I go off... can you be more precise on high rep/ light weight. Give me sets and reps and I’ll tell you how I really feel ;)

lets say using

 30lb dumbbells for shoulder press, 12 reps x 3-4 sets

upright row with a 80lb bar, 10 reps x 3-4 sets

hammer curls with dumbbells 10 reps x 3-4 sets


vs


( ive never done low rep /heavy weight)

IMO and experience that is not consider high reps. It’s similar to my routine. Anything in the 10-15 rep area is considered hypertrophy (please correct me if this is wrong). By doing the minimum volume require in this range then you will/should keep your muscle while dieting.

My strength week is 4/5x8
Hypertrophy 4x12
High volume hypertrophy 4x12 superset with 4x15

I lift three times a week and dont lose muscle on a cut. I hit every muscle group 2 times a week. I do bench, curls and lat raise all three workouts.

The key is hitting muscle group 2 or more times a week for results AFTER you initially get going. You can hit your back once a week but it'll take much longer to see something changing (strength or aesthetics)

ok so based off that. if im strictly wanting to lose weight and i already have a decent amount of muscle. which course do i take (aside from doing the bare -500cal ) like at this point i really dont care for putting on more muscle or strength gains

Okay so the main there here is understanding what kcals means (cals being the abbreviation of the abbreviation) and what a deficit is.

Kcals is a unit of measurement for energy. Food is measure in kcals because it gives up energy. When you lift weights or do cardio Lu use energy and the result is kcals used.

If you want a 500 deficit you would be best to achieve that through diet AND cardio. I, however, think this is too high of a deficit to start for long term goals and continued FAT LOSS.

Im on my phone so I can’t look up but did you say what you weight height build and bf % is? If you don’t want to post a picture you can dm me and I can estimate your bf % and we can continue from there

5'11 237lbs. bf last time i checked in january was 24%. (diet has only changed since early august, keeping carbs under 50g a day and tracking calories). been lifting all my life but my diet was garbage.

I've been eating at a -500 for about a 1.5 months now. But unsure if i should focus on more cardio or not + the lifting question i had.

also been doing this IF thing, i stop eating after 6pm and don't eat until noon the next day.

Just got to the gym. Give me a couple hours my dude

oh for sure take your time man.

From personal experience (did a couple of bad cuts and learned - last two were successful):


* I don't like his macros. I think people exaggerate the importance of high protein and I certainly think going under 100g carbs wasn't a good idea. If I would want to go with higher fats, as he did I would go with a P140/C150/F70 for 1800kcal (which was a bad idea as well IMO).

* I also think hitting such a big deficit immediately was a bad idea. If you go for 3 months you should pace yourself. I would start at 2000 and react only when you stop losing weight in a given week. **Add light cardio** instead of cutting. 1800 should be for the very final push - last week or two.

* You number one priority on a cut is to prevent muscle loss. If you ose weight on the bar you need to add volume. If you don't you're giving your body a clear message: *I'm starving and I don’t need all that muscle anymore* It's pretty clear that the body will then get rid of the "unnecessary" muscle mass.