Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

The F-104 does *****NOT***** have small wings. It is a very deceptive looking aircraft.

An F-104 has 200 sq ft of wing area for a 6 ton plane. An F-15 by comparison has 600 sq ft of wing area for an 18 ton plane. A 747-400 has 5600 sq ft of wing area for a 180 ton plane.

The F-104 is just a full sized jet engine with parts from a 1/3rd scale plane attached to it. If you remove the engine and cockpit there is very little else to the aircraft.

A DC-3 has VERY thick wings overall. Which is why it can takeoff in shorter spans than a ww1 fighter even gross weight. The tradeoff being very high drag and slow flying overall. But its practically a helicopter empty takeoff.

The F-104's wings, much like the f-5 or f-20, are razor thin. No angle of attack much at all. Its lifting muscle is pathetic. Probably stalls at 220mph or more gross weight.

Its built for speed and high-G high speed based maneuvers only. Not my cup of tea at all, but i can respect purpose-built aircraft.

The body area isn’t particularly relevant to the performance of an aircraft. The thing that matters for limiting performance is the drag for the body. You could easily make the fuselage volume 10x bigger and if you reduce it’s drag you end up with higher performance.

When you consider the "cost" of a pilot in salary, training expense (jets drink expensive fuel), etc., that jet cost Germany a LOT of money.

I got to drive a 37,000lbs truck into a Galaxy once. We had to damn near flatten the tires, but I stuffed it on in there (phrasing).

The F-15 is *huge*.

Someday I hope to do such a walkaround of an F-22. They seem to be of similar size to the F-15, but I've not googled the specs. *Definitely* sexier, though.

C-130: F-150 of the sky. It can go off-roading and haul some stuff for the weekend. C-17:Semi-Truck of the sky. Still pretty flexible in where you can drive it, and you don’t even always need pavement. You can take the whole house with!

The first time I saw one [F-104] I was driving parallel to the runway at KIA heading toward the side gate doing about 60kmh, I saw this strange shape heading toward me and realised it was the wing tip sticking out over the road outside the airport fence.