Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

Character Unconsciousness
Mosin and M4A1 w/ scopes
Diseases from food and water
Environmental Exposure (cold and wetness)
Dig using a shovel to create a hidden stash, or hide a body
Sheep, goat and wild boar are in
Soft skills
Jumping
Radio backpack and Public Address System
Ambient Loot: mushrooms, plums, pears, stones and sticks
Compass returns
Map fixes
Network code optimizations
Server and client crashes massively reduced

But with a few new additions
No shit, but these aren't new features
These are the core Dayz game-play features
Glad to see unconscious states are back. If diseases for water are back, what about charcoal tabs?
Diseases aren't in and neither is environmental exposure, don't know who said that was in. Soft skills aren't in either.
https://dayz.com/blog/experimental-content-update

Be careful what you eat or drink: We are returning a first bunch of diseases and illnesses, including Influenza, the common Cold, Salmonella, Brain Disease and Cholera. They are a bit more tricky and less deadly, but for now keep an eye out for coughing, sneezing and sudden vomiting.

Soft Skills feature will now sort all actions into either rough or precise actions. Focusing on actions from one category will decrease your time needed to execute those actions, while also gradually lowering your required resources and slowing down the tool degradation.
https://dayz.com/blog/experimental-content-update

I don't remember being able to make a stash with a shovel. You could hide a body, but that was without a shovel.

No fractures tho, so some mod features while adding other fluff stuff without one of the most important gameplay features.

What about charcoal tabs", the tenacity!
That's true.
There is nothing like the panicked search for them when you see "My mouth tastes funny" come up.

I jumped off of a cliff the other day on the Stress branch, for science, and when I landed my character dropped to the ground and the screen went black. I thought I had died, but the message never showed up. Then my screen started flickering a little bit and after a few seconds I was crawling around slowly and was eventually able to stand up. I'm happy that they re added unconsciousness.

I have a funny taste in your mouth.

You say diseases are in, but I've been playing a shit ton on the stress test, and I haven't had any disease effects from eating raw meat/mushrooms and drinking out of lakes/ponds, aside from just puking sometimes.
h a few new additions

LOVE THE PEARS