Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

I've said this for years; but he did all the innovating and selling of electric vehicles, and now the big boys (GM, Toyota, etc) are starting to ramp up production and pump out electric vehicles.

Pretty soon they'll bury Tesla with better manufacturing and sales capabilities, essentially capitalizing on his company doing all the initial leg work.
Sort of like all the big cell phone manufacturer copying the iPhone and burying Apple?
Not really as Apple was an established company before the iPhone that had a large inventory or different successful products.  Telsa has only ever offered electric cars, and has not been consistently profitable (or ever other than a few quarterly reports).

Does anybody else remember when Apple was losing billions of dollars every year selling iphones at a loss? Oh wait, that never happened.
Telsa has only ever offered electric cars, and solar panels, solar shingles, residential batteries, and somewhere between prototype and fully implementable grid scale batteries (like the one in Australia).
Can’t remember the ‘90’s eh?
You can't tell me that they won't find a way to remove the bottleneck.   The traditional car makers are extremely good fixing inefficiencies in their manufacturing processes.

They are also very efficient at responding to market demand.  They aren't "planning" large volumes, but if the market demands it you can bet they will move heaven and earth to get those vehicles out the door.
Tesla’s brand recognition won’t be so easily squashed, Tesla has that sex appeal especially to new upcoming money.

I totally get that there are difference. But Tesla has that fanboyism and ultra desirable product, very similar to apple.  It's the most "lifestyle" brand of any of the auto manufactures. So I think even with other companies competing, there's still a place for Tesla to thrive.
Right. I was being sarcastic.

How? By designing lower quality vehicles that nobody wants and then sending them to dealerships to be upsold? Tesla is a luxury brand. How many luxury electric cars are being produced by the big boys yet?

As soon as the self driving trucks are able to drive 24/7, how long do you think tesla will stay in logistics hell?
The solar roof tiles were just a trick to get shareholders to approve of the SolarCity bailout. In the two years since they have not installed any, have produced no test data to indicate that they are researching it, and have made no announcements about when they will start installing them.

But, in true Tesla fashion, you can go put a deposit on your non-existent solar tiles.
They bought a dying solar panel business that has continued to atrophy under Tesla's watch--look at the solar sales numbers and tell me that is a product they're interested in offering.

Daimler wants 15-25% of its vehicles [to be full EV's](https://www.marklines.com/en/report/rep1667_201801) in 2025.
Daimler is investing heavily in battery technology.
Volkswagen wants [50 full EV models[(https://cleantechnica.com/2017/09/12/50-new-100-electric-car-models-2025-volkswagen-group/) by 2025.

Regardless, he's pointing out something that makes sense. Why didn't IBM bury Microsoft or Apple? 

Those companies are all gigantic, very bureaucratic and moves like this require the approval of old/outdated executives.
No, apple sells an ecosystem of products that all work together or essentially not at all. Tesla is not the same.

I mean, sure. But compared to other auto companies they certainly have way more of an ecosystem. Solar roof tiles &gt; power wall &gt; electric car. And Elon is only going to grow that ecosystem with new ideas and products. A home HVAC could be an easy obvious one. All of these areas are ripe for innovation or great product design.

It is not similar at all to Apple unless they make all the cars only able to effectively charge with their batteries or something similar.
...Like building massive battery factories and a nationwide charging network.

No, not as things stand, in terms of battery, only Nissan has battery production capabilities to match Tesla. Benz might be there in the next 5-10 years, but they don't have battery divisions.

Add on to that, Tesla doesn't have back pensions to pay, and , and this is big, they don't have dealerships, and once they get going they will have a huge advantage over other companies.
Tesla is probably the largest LI battery producer in the world, they sell battery packs, they make solar panels (solar city is now Tesla), and they recently did a large infrastructure project in Australia that has solved a lot of problems with their grid.