Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. L'utilisation d'un téléphone mobile ou de tout autre équipement terminal de communications électroniques par un élève est interdite dans les écoles maternelles, les écoles élémentaires et les collèges et pendant toute activité liée à l'enseignement qui se déroule à l'extérieur de leur enceinte, à l'exception des circonstances, notamment les usages pédagogiques, et des lieux dans lesquels le règlement intérieur l'autorise expressément.
(Translated: The use of a mobile phone or any other communication device by a student is forbidden in preschool, primary and secondary school, during all educational activities and outside the school premises, except for circumstances such as pedagogical uses and places where internal regulations explicitly allow it.)

2. Dans les écoles maternelles, les écoles élémentaires et les collèges, l'utilisation durant toute activité d'enseignement et dans les lieux prévus par le règlement intérieur, par un élève, d'un téléphone mobile est interdite.
(Translated: In preschool, primary and secondary school, during all educational activities and in all places stated by the school's internal regulations, student's mobile phone use is forbidden.)

3. Le présent article n'est pas applicable aux équipements que les élèves présentant un handicap ou un trouble de santé invalidant sont autorisés à utiliser dans les conditions prévues au chapitre Ier du titre V du livre III de la présente partie.
(Translated: This article is not applicable to devices authorized for use by students with a disability or health impairment, under the conditions set out in Chapter 1 of Title 5 of Book 3 of this part.)

4. La méconnaissance des règles fixées en application du présent article peut entraîner la confiscation de l'appareil par un personnel de direction, d'enseignement, d'éducation ou de surveillance.
(Translated: Ignorance of the rules set out in this article may lead to the confiscation of the device by a member of the direction, educational team, or supervisor staff.)

5. So bureaucracy is another French art form?
(It's an art de vivre.)
6. Do you have an English source confirming this? Can't find one.
7. If it's about the phone thing, maybe [AFP](https://www.afp.com/en/news/23/phone-ban-rings-new-french-school-year-doc-18s6tw3) can help since they do most of their flashes in french and english.
8. By the way, I'll edit my first comment with some links, sources erratums and clarifications, so if you find some, I'll be glad to add them. Good call !
9. > surveillance staff
10. Well, I guess I just didn't know how to translate that better... those are the people (usually around 20) whose underpaid job is to try and make kids respect the rules at school.
11. Didn't you have those in your schools ?
12. Would "supervisor" be a better word ? I think it would, I'll edit that in.
13. La série "Au service de la France" y fait souvent allusion !
14. Larger schools in the UK have them (mine didn't - you were sent to the head of year, deputy headteacher, or headteacher if you did something particularly bad) - I think a decent translation would be 'pastoral staff'.
15. [For example](https://www.tes.com/jobs/vacancy/pastoral-support-assistant-bakewell-1107314?utm_campaign=google_jobs_apply&ut