Here are the extracted sentences:

1. Airliners have crashed because the pilot was having a hypoglycemic crisis, and the risks associated with sleep deprivation are well documented.
2. I think we should have regulations that force airlines to adopt practices that will help prevent safety issues that come from pilots struggling to balance the need to meet airlines' flight schedules and to meet their basic physical needs at the same time.
3. Now imagine just splurging on a whole meal for each of their pilots; it's not a small drop in a very big bucket when weighed against total revenues for the airlines.
4. Common sense says that you take care of key personnel like pilots, which will save you money down the road because you'll have less attrition, and because you'll have fewer safety issues because you'll be attracting the best pilots.
5. Years ago, my family was flying from Connecticut to Florida in February. The weather was crappy, and while we boarded on time, we got stuck on the plane forever before it took off.
6. We had a connecting flight, and while we MIGHT make it if we sprinted across the airport, the chances were really slim.
7. A flight attendant overheard my mom and dad discussing what we were going to do, and asked exactly what our connecting flight was.
8. After they told her, she smiled at us and told us not to worry at all, because that plane wasn't going anywhere until we arrived.
9. Turns out the crew for the plane we were on was the same crew on our connecting flight.
10. I’d rather have a union than not be a union. We’ve gotten a lot more with them than without them. A lot more.
11. Are they perfect? No, but when things get tough, I’ll take them and job security.
12. Delta has 20,000 apps on file for interviews. They no shortage of people that will fly without a crew meal.
13. Delta has also right now about 18,000 pilots on the seniority list, each of them one meal a day could be 10-20 million a year just in food.
14. It’s not a small chunk of change.
15. Some companies have been fighting for 8 years just to see $5 an hour raises.
16. Airlines won’t spend a dime if they don’t have to.
17. This article kinda blows out of proportion the amount of time we get to eat.
18. As a airline pilot for a regional, this guy is just stupid looking for attention and justifications for his actions.
19. I know they don’t have 18,000 pilots flying a day. But 18,000 Pilots over the course of a year, that can still be 2000-3000 pilots a day, that’s an accurate number.
20. And then now we talk about the regionals, their whole job is to be as cheap as possible to maintain a contract with their major carrier.

These sentences were copied verbatim from the original text and are presented in their original context.