Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

1. Being a police officer and reading comments on Reddit sometimes truly breaks my heart.

2. Maybe all the “good” cops should stop turning a blind eye to abuse

3. Not trusting an armed violent group that doesn’t hold its own accountable, is a very appropriate reaction to the way cops have acted.

4. Don't take it personally man. Reddit is full of edgelord shit bags.

5. Good, you should know exactly how the community you are supposed to serve feels about you and how little those in your profession are trusted.

6. Now take that and use it to unfuck wherever you work.

7. I'm sure there's cops in your department doing shady things, be the "blue falcon" and ensure they get their just punishment.

8. Speak up, and don't support the "thin blue line".

9. You are Americans first, that is where your loyalty should be.

10. Well seeing as my mother and brother are gay, I've never sat around and laughed after arresting someone who is gay.

11. In fact if someone is gay that I arrest, I probably don't know about it 99% of the time.

12. What a weird comment.

13. Luckily I happen to work in a community as a whole who adores my department.

14. I get good comments from people in the community more often than someone yelling "pig!"

15. Usually those comments come from someone who is being held accountable for their actions after victimizing another person.

16. So you've always reported every bad cop behavior, and you'll never hold the blue line?  Nah? I didn't think so.

17. See, that right there. You just attached an opinion to an action.

18. There are in fact people who don't agree with your profession that have broken no laws, shocker I know.

19. But that statement you just used to generalize thousands is part and parcel of why those in your job lack our trust.

20. That is not at all what they said.

21. Read his last sentence again.

22. And seeing as in many states cops were arresting lgbt people as recently as 2003, it isn’t too weird for me to ask how many times you and your buddies locked a gay person in a cage

23. Lambda legal took a case all the way to the supreme court that ordered cops to stop.

24. You just don’t know what you are talking about. If you are willing to share what state you work in, I can fill you in on the actual facts instead of what you want to pretend happened.

25. This isn't a subjective thing. This is a fact. Cops across the country were terrorizing lgbt people.

26. And once again, a cop has shown he doesn’t think it’s that big of a deal...

27. Also, working with lgbt cops means shit. Lgbt cops were around before 2003. Yet they did nothing to protect their community while their buddies were raiding gay bars.

28. When push came to shove, they demonstrated they don’t give a shit about the lgbt community and would rather band with their buddies in terrorizing us

29. It would be great if cops were held responsible when they victimize entire communities...

30. And he won’t look at the fact people don’t trust cops and see it as a sign cops need to change.

Let me know if you'd like me to extract more sentences or summarize the text in a shorter form!