Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. In my opinion, the failure at least on my example Drag appears to be have been caused by juice damage.
2. It does appear that due to the design of the Drag, it may be particularly susceptible to juice damage.
3. If you own a Voopoo Drag and know at some point you have spilled a decent amount of juice on it especially around the front panel area, I highly suggest either having the device properly checked by someone professionally capable of doing so or retiring the device.
4. You might be able to get an indication of juice ingress by shining a bright light into the USB port - juice entering from the screen area could drip down into the port.
5. Do not leave a juice affected device unattended with cells installed.
6. This goes for any device that is not specifically designed to be waterproof.
7. While it may be possible to clean a board that has had juice contact but does not show signs of significant damage, I don’t feel particularly comfortable recommending this to the average user.
8. For the owners of Drags who know their devices have not been subjected to any significant juice spills, at this point I haven’t found anything in the device construction that would make me think it’s any more dangerous to use than any other mod.
9. The failure rate I’m sure even with juice is very small hence all the good reviews, it’s just that “what if?” scenario.
10. It was dry on the mod I disassembled. The likely areas for juice ingress appeared to be around the screen and buttons.
11. My Drag has autofired, but it was a number of months ago. I’m not going to use it anymore and I’m not recommending it ever again.
12. Well, any mod really - it’s a sure sign that something is not right with the device.
13. Keep in mind I’m not necessarily intending to single out the Drag for this issue, and I’m certainly not saying it’s the most susceptible in comparison to other mods on the market.
14. These things have the potential to be so dangerous that I’ve been paranoid as hell about using them since I started.
15. We literally can’t afford to have a house fire right now (well, can anyone really?).