Here is the summary:

Is it bizarre to anyone else that the iconic photo was taken? I guess a tragedy gives you raw human emotion but it just seems weird to me.

Bizarre that the 9/11 photo was taken?

I'm not sure I understand what's weird.

Not really. I don't think he shot this knowing it would be iconic. He may not have known it was even good until he got home.

There's so many records and photos of this event that you can safely say that anyone with a camera on hand used it.

What?  We've been documenting tragedies and war since the beginning of photography.  It's totally normal to send photographers to these situations with the specific desire to document it with photos and video.

Maybe it's just you and me.  I thought it was weird too. That was my first thought when I saw the picture.  The ladies are clearly shaken and this guy comes up and snaps a photo of them.

I feel like this story is from the photographer's PR agent.

This class of photographs has always had the potential to be seen as exploitative, particularly in tragic scenarios where the photographer behind the lens could have had a hand in helping.

Is your question about the weirdness of actually taking the photo? The negative aspect of being a street photographer is that it does push natural social boundaries. In a sense, you are invading peoples personal space to take a photo, which can feel like you are being exploitative. That being said, if the street photographer does his work with respect and with good intention, the positive aspects outweigh the negative...like in this case.

Heh, yeah maybe a little bit.

Calling it *iconic* doesn't make it so.

Is this weird and exploitative? Maybe yes, maybe no. Every opinion is valid.

Here you go.  https://i.imgur.com/7HNDK9M.jpg

I think this article is exploitative, trying to make a photo that no one has seen before "iconic". But people need to record history as it happens, emotions, blood, and all.

That’s the job of a photojournalist. If you really want to get into it look up examples of photographers documenting children literally starving to death, dragging themselves across the ground while vultures arrive, and doing nothing about it.

Man, I haven’t seen those. Pretty powerful stuff.

part of being a journalist is being able to remove yourself from a situation and remaining unbiased. may seem heartless to some, but many of the most important and historic photographs ever taken required someone to prioritize the need for public knowledge of the truth over an individual's need to be helped in the moment.

That guy killed himself a few years later btw.

Yeah, Kevin Carter was amazing but a tragic figure.