Here is the extracted summary:

This moron almost became a senator. Alabama is so fucking stupid for having it that close.

First of all, you're calling Alabama stupid, not because Moore was voted into office, but because he lost by a small margin.

Alabama didn't vote for him. We voted for Jones. When you generalize a whole group of people for the actions of a few, it's called bigotry, plain and simple.

If you live in the USA then does that mean that you are "so fucking stupid" too, since Trump was elected as president of your country? Do you consider yourself just as stupid as us ignorant Alabama residents?

And to the rest of you dingdongs who upvote this drivel: what's your problem? Do you want everyone else judging you by the actions of your neighbors?

Edit: I hate the GOP and I'd be happy if Moore died in prison. It's not about politics, it's about your low effort post.

Maybe. But why bother to say it at all? It isn't constructive.

why NOT say it? it WOULD be stupid of Alabama to vote this guy in, and they almost did! that’s all that was said in the comment.

First of all, Alabama is a state and can't vote. The people of Alabama voted, and since over half of them voted against Moore, it's unfair to categorize them with the ones who did.

Second, he did not say that it WOULD be stupid, he said that Alabama was stupid for almost electing him. Totally different.

Is there something wrong with what I said? I'll ask it again since no one seems interested in answering:

Do you think it's okay to generalize groups of people by the actions of a few? Is it okay for someone to think of you as an uneducated hick because you grew up in Alabama? Is it okay for someone to talk bad about your race because someone had a bad experience with another person of your race?

That's my problem with his statement. If you make generalizations about whole groups of people, you are a bigot.

your state is no victim, you guys rank among the bottom of most state metrics. just because you did the bare minimum of not electing a literal pedophile doesn’t mean you deserve some award.