Here is the summary you requested:

> It's based on heavily flawed assumptions (humans are egoists by nature, they make rational decisions all the time etc.).

Praxeology is heavily flawed, but the truth in their economic analysis remains true.

Probably not.

What is flawed about people engaging in saving and in the free exchange of goods and services in a market for agreed price, without govt interference and central bank monopoly fiat ? That is Austrian Economics and most people who criticize that don't understand it.

Mises frequently uses the word "rational" to describe human decision processes, but if you read up on his definition of "rational", you'll see that what he really means is "motivated" or "purposeful".

This assumption is not really disputable, as far as I'm concerned.

Yes.

The Austrians get around the problems of market failures, natural monopolies, morality, and rationality through the use of pseudo-clever wordplay. They rely on an extreme form of methodological individualism based on the "action axiom" as described above.

I wish Bitcoin wasn't tainted by right wing libertarianism or Austrian economics. That's it.

READ HAYEK AND MISES

Why I'm not reading them ? Because one thing that is commonly admitted is that their praxeology method is deeply flawed and that they refuse to even touch mathematical models and try to explain the economy by just "thinking" about it and came out with "we need less government". Wow ! Deep.

Stop being a fetishist of money and accept that these are just numbers and that it's necessary to a certain extent to redistribute it in a community as Capitalism tend to favor accumulation at the top.

Yes, stop being a fetishist of physics and go jump off a window and see if you can fly. It's not my fault that you can't understand what money is and its importance.

Yes, it's being violent.

Don't forget that we're living in brand new welfare states where we have redistribution of wealth mechanisms up and running... in exchange of having the highest public debt in history and the highest taxes in history, generally speaking.