Here are the selected sentences:

I think the passive buff thing is lame, but I'm glad to see them doing stuff like this and the 'No Down State' week.

*based on the old social awkwardness where ever second it did damage to any allied player within so many units of you*

We've actually talked about it, though mostly jokingly. It's likely too expensive a mechanic in a WvW setting.

&gt; We've actually talked about it, though mostly jokingly.

It's likely too expensive a mechanic in a WvW setting.

Can't there be a cheaper workaround that's similar enough? Like, dunno, say, splitting the map into larger tracking squares/cubes, and counting the amount of players in them by pulling their coordinates, and then triggering some "Unstable Mists" AoE in an area when too many players gather there? :P

Lag isn't fun.

And yet, the zergs...

Ideally we should have mechanics that don't reward trolls

**I would trade all these bonuses in for just a word or two from the developers on what their plan is for this game mode.**

There was an update in July.  https://en-forum.guildwars2.com/discussion/45856/world-restructuring-update-1

People hate the because they are so large, but I think they could fix it by letting mounts work there, I just don't have the WvW experience to back up that claim.

You want a natural "progression" of difficulty of objectives, so even tho 2 groups have different strengths, they go from one objective to the next each time being more difficult until both attackers and defenders have a good chance to "win".

That's also desert bl. Keeps upgrade fast and are very hard to get into, and very easy to defend.

The "design" of garri doesn't promote say, defenders from garri and attackers from fire keep side fighting over shit. T3 alpine nowadays is the same - but in the past T3 south alpine keeps were a LOT more rare.

I think i am fairly sure over what is wrong with the red border. How ever i was not in the mood to write a long answer to why i don't like red border i just wanted to make fun over it. But if i would write such post it will have about 50 more points then those you made :P

You mean world?

Would it? Can't mount while in combat.

I agree there's a lot more about red that's pretty awful. For now this is my biggest issue, but that's mostly from comm perspective. I usually like writing actual walls of text, but i had AG/GH friends to farm ;)

The problem I see more and more prominent is that commanders won't even bother taking on fights they don't think they can win.

I'm personally against adding mounts to WvW but I wouldn't mind a week of testing to see how it actually plays out.

springers only, if Anet won't give us a week without gates springers would be the next best thing