Here are the extracted sentences:

1. However, I do feel that this keeps things from spreading to the general public as easily.
2. So yes, the trick is to write an easily readable and well structured paper, regardless of your audience.
3. For science communication to the public, I'd say peer-reviewed publications are not the right medium.
4. So that's where Wikipedia and Reddit come in :)
5. It sucks being Swedish though, the Swedish articles are pretty crap usually and I have to choose between a Swedish article with very limited information or an English one that I might not fully comprehend.
6. Obviously not always the case, but she was really stressing that there may be a time when Wikipedia doesn't have enough information for you and you need to dig it up.
7. And yes... I went to a library to get more information.
8. I would say Wikipedia is amazing to start research on anything.
9. But, to get to the finer details, that takes time.
10. I've actually found using the internet time machine to be helpful to find old archived sites for information that have since been taken down.
11. For me, it was boredom doing tech support, and something to put my eng/his degree toward.
12. So I created my own site, might as well do something with my time.
13. Oh wow that's a much better outcome, at least! But yeah, it (obviously) left a very bad taste in my mouth - Wikipedia is sorta one of the wonders of the modern world, or at least it should be.
14. That's a terrible idea. Wikipedia can not let itself be corrupted by external interests or become commercialised.
15. They know the exist, but not about their history or culture
16. I’m a scientist. This is the equivalent of me giving you shit for not understanding the difference between CAM and C4 photosynthesis or something.
17. Well I thank you for that. I've been having a blast building my own moss terrariums recently.
18. My point all along was to do with how strange it feels to have somebody clearly outline the discovery of new knowledge to them, which has for oneself been common and relegated trivia for some time.
19. As a sci-fi geek I'll point out that Gordon R Dickson envisaged something resembling Wikipedia in his 1985 novel "The Final Encyclopedia". He wasn't a computer guy so it's only similar conceptually, not in implementation.