Here is the extracted summary:

Feminists are against anything that gives men complete freedom and control over their sex lives. They are against sex dolls, they against prostitution, they even have been against making rape laws gender neutral in some cases. They are against alimony reform that will makes it easier for men to move on with their life and not be hindered to find another love interest, they are against due process, they are against allowing the accused of rape to stay anonymous until they are proven guilty and they are against jailing false accusers.

They define rape as something that can only be done by a man. This was not an accident.

It's been defined as a crime committed by a penis for a long time, in the US Mary Koss was directly responsible for that.

[“The penetration, no matter how slight, of the vagina or anus with any body part or object, or oral penetration by a sex organ of another person, without the consent of the victim.”](https://www.justice.gov/archives/opa/blog/updated-definition-rape)

I feel like everyone here is just listening to the voices that are the loudest. Yes, there are extremists but there's extremists for everything.

This is a VAWA definition, it's not a law anywhere.

* The following post appears courtesy of Susan B. Carbon, Director of the Office on Violence Against Women. In a victory for survivors of rape and their advocates, the Attorney General announced a newly revised definition of rape for nationwide data collection, ensuring that rape will be more accurately reported nationwide.

Feminism is about conversation so if there is an issue with the way women treat people, people can bring that up. But many men mistreat people, that's not really about inequality, that's just human nature.

When I do exactly that, instead of answering basic questions, you introduce your feelings about me:

I do feel like anything I say though you respond in a way that is negative towards women. 

What?

Me:

"Many women mistreat many people. What is feminism doing to stop that from happening?"

Fact:  Feminism is used to hurt men.

I'm asking you about your organization.