Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

1. Osama bin Laden won the war in a way, by making things permanently more fucked up.

2. The country is much more xenophobic than it was, especially against, for lack of a better term, brown people.

3. The freedoms Americans are willing to give up, and the tax dollars they are willing to spend to protect us from "them" is proof positive that we have become less tolerant than we have been in the decades prior.

4. There is no free lunch.

5. Profit doesn't make things more expensive.

6. Profit creates competition, competition makes things cheaper.

7. Please point out where I said that it does.

8. Profit does not magically create competition. See: Cable companies.

9. How the fuck do people not understand this?

10. There are examples that show when things like water and electricity services are privatized, the result is an increase in cost to the affected citizens.

11. Why should things that are essential and basic be in the hands of those that must profit? What’s to say that they won’t cut costs down the road by reducing the quality of the service?

12. I’m not trying to start an argument, but I would like to read a response to these concerns if we want to expand on this.

13. Just from an eye-witness perspective, I would say the average American came out on the bad end of 9/11 in a number of ways. YMMV.

14. Oh I agree. It made sense for a very, very short sliver of time, but absolutely did fuck us in the long run.

15. There is no upside to this, certainly not an economic one.

16. America's healthcare system is no better.  We are light years above everyone else in innovation though.

17. I'd like to see barriers removed so we have more private options for providers, more options for group health so I can buy through a group rather than private or my employer if I'd like, and numerous other changes.

18. I don't want Universal Healthcare or the downfalls that come with it.

19. When you say “we” are doing better economically, what exactly do you mean? The deficit has EXPLODED under Trump. Wages have not gone up for most people in decades...

20. Our education system is failing and grossly underfunded for most of the country, we have the most expensive healthcare system in the world.

21. As far as civil liberty, we have the highest per capita incarceration rate in the world, the most people jailed, a Supreme Court that has begun to gut voting rights...

22. In my perspective of things as some who has grown up in the deep south, I have seen gays go from the fringes to no one caring anymore even in areas that are supposed to be very conservative.

23. I have seen acceptance and thoughtfulness of non-whites get actual airtime and discussion even outside of my generation, inside of my generation it is radically important and talked about every day.

24. I think Donald Trump is the death rattle of a lot of ideas that are being sidelined by the upcoming generation...

25. And getting a degree is vastly more important than where you are going.

26. Trump is most likely going to be impeached in a year and there is most likely going to be a mid-term sweep that will freeze or reverse everything he has tried to do.

27. Also the Supreme Court can old rule on things that get pushed up to them, they can't reverse gay marriage and Roe v Wade just like that.

28. *hugeeyeroll.gif*

29. Cable companies and utilities are the case study in why governments should not sponsor monopolies. The remove competition, and that's what we're stuck with.

30. You literally said healthcare should not be for profit. So I'm arguing with you.