Here are the selected sentences:

Edit: there are a lot of answers given but it seems to me that the most reliable answers is momentum.

So F = m*g, where g is roughly 9.8 meters per second. So a falling object will always exhibit a force of 
F = 9.8*m (neglecting all forms of wind resistance etc).

That's been going through my head too but the problem is that it obviously does a lot more damage when something falls from 10 meters than from 1 meter which means the force can't be constant.

But that's not what causes damage - it's the force applied that makes a falling object *stop* moving toward the ground. That has to be a greater force, otherwise, whatever you dropped would keep falling through the ground.

The force generated when you hit the ground is a function of your mass and velocity. The velocity is a function of the height from which you fell and gravitational acceleration.

It's not the fall that kills you, it's the sudden stop at the end.

When you hit the ground, your velocity has to go back to zero in a very short distance (say, 1 metre). The ground pushes back on you to do this. The faster you were going, the harder the ground has to push, and the more damage it can do.

Worse, gravity affects every atom of your body the same, but the ground is only pushing on the bits of you touching it. So the force from the ground distorts your shape, breaking skin, stressing bones, moving organs around and pressing them against each other, just generally doing stuff your body isn't happy with.

The higher you fall from, the more kinetic energy you build.  Your body has to absorb all of that energy to come to a stop.

Kinetic energy (the amount of damage a projectile is capable of inflicting) is equal to one half the mass of the projectile, times its velocity squared.

It's not a greater force.  Newton's Third Law applies:  for every applied force, there is an equal and opposite applied force.

When you hit the ground, the ground hits you back *exactly as hard.*

a=v/t

That a is different than gravity acceleration, so the force is different too.

Look up impulse.  It's not the force that's the problem, it's how quickly or slowly it's applied to your body.