Here are the selected sentences:

Well, she did have a dummy spit.
And that makes the “black sambo” next to a lily white Osaka depiction all fine and dandy right?

I don't know the answer, honest question.
What's lily white about Osaka?, she has either dyed her hair blond at the back or its a weave.

Look at a lot of political cartoons,   are people loosing their shit because they didn't make Trump orange enough or too orange ?

It's almost like you are being intellectually dishonest, or something.
Not a fan of Knight in general, but on the note about male tennis players he actually did draw a Kyrigos cartoon very recently ([here](https://twitter.com/Knightcartoons/status/1039056385462349825)).

Zoom in on Osaka. She's not drawn as white.
It is a bit strange that he chose to draw blonde hair for her but I think it’s a stretch to say he was whitewashing her and he definitely hasn’t wronged her.

So does it mean cartoonists can't draw black people now at all? It's standard to exaggerate physical characteristics, such as Turnbull, Gillard's nose and Abbott's ears

That is quite literally what they are suggesting, yes.
Yeah I agree and can see the point surrounding historical context, it's just for me that argument than forbids anyone from taking the Mickey out of black people and not everyone else, which is racist in itself.

Regardless, this whole topic is very annoying for me as Serena is clearly in the wrong and a sore loser. She was rightly punished and the way this topic has become some sexist and racist virtue signalling is frustrating for me to keep reading in garbage opinion articles.

Thats how Mark Knight draws. Look at his [Abbott](https://lh3.ggpht.com/_90-7gfbA4VM/S5YW52SxbkI/AAAAAAAAB5E/tLqlMINn7Do/490128-mark-knight-cartoon_thumb%5B2%5D.jpg?imgmax=800) Huge lips that take up a third of the face, exaggerated nose and ears.

My kinks are nothing I am ashamed of and they in no way limit my understanding of this issue.

You legit took the first sentence of my comment, used it as a trigger to go on about racial stereotyping and then ignored the rest of my comment.