Here are the extracted sentences from the original text:

1. I'm simply explaining that all claims are not equal, there are many factors going into gauging reliability, and they very much includes our ability to cross-examine.
2. people here cited miracle claims as evidence for God, the believers claimed that atheists are immune to evidence.
3. Well I agree that all claims are not equal; which is why I linked you to one that I find unusually plausible, and which I thought made a nice counterpoint to the one previously cited.
4. You had made (what I considered to be) quite a well-reasoned point about people seeing what they were primed to see, so I pointed to an account where that clearly wasn't the case.
5. if you don't grasp this, then I'm fine leaving the subject alone.
6. Yes, I do believe them. I think their reporting of events is honest and factual. I also think their interpretation of those events contains misplaced assumptions.
7. If I were an alien with the necessary technology to do that, I would do just that. Earth would be easy to enslave.
8. so you don't believe their central claim- why not?
9. Their central claim, from my perspective, is their *experience*. The alien abduction angle isn't the real evidence, it's simply a filter they place on the evidence in order to make sense of it.
10. I'm not denying it, I'm just disagreeing with it. They're entitled to make sense of their own lives in their own way, and their opinions should be respected. I just don't personally share that opinion.
11. Of course. Why wouldn't I?
12. well, this is what you wrote:
13. There were probably three or four main things that I focused on, though, that I'd be happy to say more about (or at least try) if you're interested.
14. The first was try to understand the history and interpretation of the actual ["secret" of Fatima](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Secrets_of_F%C3%A1tima)--the threefold prophecy given to the children.
15. I also spent some time on what we might call the "history of religion" background here.
16. I looked at this particularly in conjunction with what might be call the "sanctuary-founding" motif--something widely attested throughout multiple times and cultures, where a god or goddess or other figure appears to a special person, and commands them to construct a temple or other site of worship in their honor.