Here are the sentences extracted verbatim from the original text:

1. It's dead.
2. X-caliber is being useless in their attempts to help me and refusing refund.
3. They insist they shot my barrel when I sent it to them and that it functioned properly, but they can't provide any proof that they even attached it to a rifle.
4. Barrel and receiver are a bitch.
5. Might take me a while.
6. Not going to ready for this.
7. Oof... I have been so busy I haven't had time to work on anything.
8. I do have a cannon I made a long time ago that I've never put on reddit, so I guess it'll have to be that.
9. This getting married, starting a business, and buying a house thing really cuts into the hobby time!
10. Were you trying to do a Survivalist's Rifle build too?
11. If so, I think the problem is the rifle-length gas system.
12. Beowulf is actually a pretty low-pressure round, mostly owing to the huge caliber which nets a dramatic loss in compression as there's pretty substantial volume behind the bullet once it gets down the barrel.
13. There's a reason Alexander Arms's uppers are ALL carbine-length gas systems.
14. I don't think there's enough 'umph' when it gets to the end of the barrel.
15. When I talked to X-Caliber about my plans for this, they straight up advised me not to go with a rifle-length system.
16. Honestly I have some issues [with my barrel](https://www.reddit.com/r/guns/comments/9i1fjv/gunnit_rust_the_survivalists_rifle_2160p_tier_2/) from them too, but it's a rare failure to feed.
17. Every now and then, a bullet gets jammed against the top lip of the barrel and you can see a notch in it where it cut into it.
18. Dustin over there has been jerking me around saying there's nothing wrong with the barrel so I gave up.
19. I can deal with the occasional 5% failure to feed.
20. That being said, they did ID a problem with my rifle when I sent it to them and they fixed it (the bolt they sold me with the barrel was fucked up).
21. Post the corpse and story.
22. Wife time. Bring the cannon.
23. Awww. Nothing Tier V?
24. Completed! Here is the album. Thanks!!!!
25. Posting it today or tomorrow? It’s an /r/guns post “Gunnit Rust: Traumahak’s Title Here”
26. I can put it up now or tomorrow. Doesn’t matter.
27. Which would you prefer?
28. Hey coyote, life happened and I’m buying a house so the project has been put on hold if you want to remove me from the summer list.
29. Maybe fall will happen.
30. Winter Rust
31. It’s fine either way. Coyote has no preference.
32. Now is just fine.
33. Standby for posting =)
34. Thank you for your participation.
35. Two stamp?
36. Ok