Here are the extracted sentences:

1. You are actually operating under the impression that something small like this would turn a Republican voter to a Democrat one.
2. The Republican spin on this is easy. Government's trying to regulate farm tools. Now you wouldn't want government telling you what you can or cannot do with your tractor wouldya
3. Uhhh why would you say that it's not slightly correct and then post a wiki article that backs him up?
4. "Make your life worse so that lazy and/or stupid people can have a better life" isn't exactly a great slogan.
5. Obama fixed the economy and look who gets the blame for Bush's screw ups and who is taking credit for Obama's work now.
6. Even when something directly benefits them, they will still avoid any cognitive dissonance and somehow mental gymnastics there way into giving Republicans the credit.
7. That’s the truest thing I’ve read in a long, long time.
8. Yeah uh maybe you should
9. You're statement was not only misleading but also incorrect. Sound like you are more interested in supporting Dems than farmers. I didn't hear your critisism of the Cal Dems. Are you excusing them of blame?
10. Right, I'm just saying the original comment makes it sound like they need to pick one or the other.
11. It's not either/or. Farmers will absolutely benefit from Medicare For All, particularly with not having to foot a $50,000 bill for bandaging a sprained ankle. They will also benefit from being able to repair their equipment themselves, like everyone else.
12. Will you be saying that when people have self-driving cars and want the right to repair and modify them themselves?
13. Perhaps you don't understand what the [farm bureau](http://www.cfbf.com) is.
14. Empathy =/= getting to do whatever you want because wahh I'm sad
15. And I could just as easily link to page to the US Congress, and say "See? All the elections are fair and members of Congress always represent the interests of the electorate."
16. But we know that's not true.
17. Your right but it’s the 13th man. He was the champion of the 13th, 14th, and 15th, however.
18. Politicians will always be swayed by moneyed interests. That's why you want to give them as little authority over you as possible.
19. That’s certainly what politicians who are swayed by monies interests would have you believe lol. But no, it’s not a golden rule. Even if it’s a part of human nature there is a ton we could do to make political influence from the wealthy illegal or harder to achieve.
20. You do both. And don't use "lol" to say "I'm not trying to be aggressive" as it makes you sound like a teenager.