Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

Yeah. Exactly. Not the dude to mess with.

Dude deserves it
Yup. I agree. Lucky You with Joyner says it all

Not as underrated as Soul Intent.

Biterphobia is one of my favorite eminem tracks.

Nothin but respect for Em

The Intro, Fack, Shake That, When I’m Gone, Stan (The Elton John remix), Dead Wrong Remix.

Didn't rate Infinite just because I find it impossible to compare to the rest.

It’s kinda funny to think there's this dude who is 45 years old, worth like hundreds of millions of dollars (which is more than enough to never be in the public eye again be out of touch with reality), and yet he's still somehow the BEST at destroying people in the rap game....  I don't know why but it cracks me up.

Lmao did you even listen to his album?

Yeah it was pretty bad

Do you just not like this type of music?

You’re in the minority

MMLP2 was NOT bad..actually one of his bests.

I gotta agree. Props for topping charts, but those last 2 albums were trash.

But when most music is trash, it makes sense it sold well.

Lol people are actually defending his last two albums?

Here's my top 10 rn, although 1 and 9 you might not consider to be rap: Year of the Snitch, Strapped 4 Survival, Supreme Blientele, Orpheus vs. the Sirens, Paraffin, Nostrum Grocers, RR2: The Bitter Dose, Backyard Boogie, Raised for a Better View, and Daytona.

No I love Em, and thought MMLP2 was really good... Revival and Kamikaze are terrible

Hahaha eminem stans are so funny

Also Taboo, KOD, Testing, Astroworld, Dreams of an American Heathen, Goodbye and Good Riddance, Ye, OnePointFive, Until Death Call My Name and Swimming (RIP Mac). There are probably quite a few non-hiphop records I’d rate above Kamikaze as well

We out here sorting by controversial.

Nah. Most everyone I know thinks his newest album is trash. And we all grew up on Em.

You are no longer welcome in this discussion.

Just listened to both these albums all the way through and no they are not better than the new Eminem album IMO. It sounds like slam poetry to me with someone hitting buckets in the background and moaning.

How can drake come back when he doesn't even write his own lyrics

I thought Jigga has had 11 number ones hasn’t he?

Em is a good rapper but Kanye is better at literally everything else.

It’s on kanye's page tho