Here are the extracted sentences:

1. If it would save a single soul from eternal torture, then of course he should plan in arbitrarily extensive reach and precision.
2. You don't believe he performs miracles? Okay, sorry, I don't know what god you're talking about, then. Are you a deist?
3. Perhaps you could try another analogy. Why shouldn't God use cheat codes, if it would save more people?
4. So there are infinite possible worlds.
5. You told me there were finite possible worlds, I showed there were multiple, and then you changed your argument to 'there are finite possible worlds *that wouldn't require God to do something I don't think he would.*'
6. Are you a deist? Your flair says Christian; do you believe all the miracles attributed to God in the Bible were just natural occurences?
7. It does. Are you saying there are finite real numbers? Leave aside the questions about God and omnibenevolence and all that, just consider this: if there is one universe for each real number, how many universes will there be?
8. Yeah, he probably wouldn't need to look that far, since I've already shown ways that he can save everyone without needing to.
9. This whole argument is me trying to figure out what restrictions you're putting on God and show you how he can still save everyone.
10. Maybe it is, but as I explained immediately above, I question the competence of a God who creates a universe which is bound by physical laws but then needs to break them in order to accomplish his goals.
11. It is "theoretically possible" that an actual infinity of possible worlds exists. However, this would have no actual impact on this debate.
12. But ultimately, to sum all that up, its a question of which "type" of God is *more* omniscient? A God who needs to resort to supernatural interventions or one who can fine tune the physical nature of reality itself so that the clockwork inevitably leads towards his desired outcomes?
13. Real numbers are (ironically) not real objects that are found in universes, worlds, etc.
14. However, because of previous discussions on how events happening thousands of light years away and further likely have no impact on how events in history play out, then we are left with a finite number of possible worlds in which things can be "retooled" for us.
15. I'll grant that I'm having to stretch my brain here so maybe I'm overlooking something but as long as our observable universe is finite, then there is a finite number of particles to rearrange to make various possible worlds.
16. Now the real difficulty is determining how this looks when you change the laws of physics. Is there an infinite number of ways the laws of physics can be changed? What about the speed of light? Is there a universe in which its possible for that to be infinite where observable universes are not relevant?
17. I'm definitely pulling this math out of my ass, but I would think that the number couldn't be higher than `10^10^105.65` (`10^73` is the estimated number of particles in the observable universe, so I used `10^73!`).
18. I'll grant your objection in #2 and that maybe I'm being too conservative in my estimates for what angels would do, but it still doesn't change the argument.
19. So far, the main restriction you've set out is:

1). Don't break physical laws too often (but he can set up the laws however he wants, including making them grant prayers by arranging things ahead of time so it happens to work out that way)

Are there any others you'd like to add, so I can be sure we're on the same page?