Here are the selected sentences:

Lmfao I didn’t see the 10K I was like okay so 723.80 is technically five figures but he would’ve posted this at 100.00 Lolol good job.

Incredible effort. Serious savings. Good on you OP.

It all depends on circumstances.

Still impressive to see people resist the temptation to waste it on junk.

I personally do not have a hard time imagining this

SAME

Yeah I just spent $100 on spiderman...

We’re all smartasses this day

You are about 9,995 ahead of where I was at that time, so consider me impressed!

A lot of both, steady paychecks plus basically living on necessities alone for two years.

Fantastic! Keeping your life in balance and learning to not just be wasteful with money is going to serve you so well for the next sixty years.

Purchasing it would be setting yourself up for more repair costs than I think you'd like. Those cars are not known for their reliability, and 2008 was a time when GM was heavily skimping on quality due to financial circumstances.

Buy an older Camry with lowish miles for around $2k. Check Craigslist every day for a few weeks and you get a cheap and reliable car

Get an electric car, huge money saver!

Op buy a Prius with less or around 100k miles or something similar, do not buy decade old American cars.

Old Nissans are great as well.

I mean, celebrating isn't wrong, and something you should do. Make it something not super expensive and meaningful.

Spending money can be like any addiction: you can use it to fill holes in your life.

As another simple example: why do you want a car? It’s likely you want a car because it opens up options for you. It opens up other avenues of fulfillment.

You've got some great advice .... Well I assume, don't know anything about cars. But you could always open a new thread, here on Reddit, I assume there is a cars subreddit, and ask the question and get even more advice!

Be careful with 2004 Civics. I had one. They were notorious for head gasket leaks.

I guess if you never lived that, living on the edge is not as worrying.

(Note: I stopped at around 250 words)