Here are the selected sentences:

And how much are the health costs of eating that much processed food?
I'd guess more than $10,000, and looking at his photo, he'll need it relatively soon.
Probably not much. Like 80% of a good diet is simply *not even as a rule though it is probably general true that the more processed, and more changed from its natural state, something is, the worse it often is for you.

So I've been eating stuff like eggs bacon onions peanut butter (ok in fairness i guess peanut butter is sort of like chewed up peanuts and probably digests faster than peanuts)

Just give it up, the man is delusional.
When I stopped eating sugar, I kept eating as many calories (over 5k a day), but because none of it came from sugar, I stopped gaining weight. It was sugar making me fat, not calories.

If the sugar was making you fat, eliminating it would have made you not fat.
No, it would only have stopped me from gaining weight, which it did. If you eat 5k calories' worth of carbs, you're not going to lose any weight even if you give up sugar entirely.

I never, ever ate fewer calories than I spent in a day. I don't ever want to go calorie-negative, which is why I use keto to reduce my weight.

Cutting sugar *and replacing it with indecent amounts of other food* did not reduce the amount of calories that I ate in a day, I was still eating over 5k calories per day, which is 250% of the amount of calories that I needed. Yet I did not gain any weight on that diet.

Years later I stopped eating pasta in preparation for a few months on keto, and my constant overwhelming hunger just disappeared. That's when I started eating only 2k calories a day. When I don't eat any carbs, I lose weight, but if some of those calories come from carbs, I stay at exactly the same weight.

Sugar and carbs are the only factors I use to control my weight. Excess calories don't seem to matter, and I've never tried going calorie-negative.

Reality. You can try to fight against it, but you'll always lose. Always.