Here are the selected sentences:

That guy Bankrupts
"American Made"
I feel like Tom Cruise is an underappreciated actor. 
He’s literally one of the world's most famous actors and I’ve honestly never seen anyone complain about his acting.

True, people take issue with his personal insanity but he’s definitely not underappreciated.
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's not the same. Scientology got given religion status on a technicality and, depending who you believe, there was certainly some heavy lobbying involved and possibly even blackmail and fraud. Miscavige wanted it to get religion status to save it from financial ruin by becoming tax exempt and it worked. It’s no different from any other exclusive pay-to-join club. You can’t just become a scientologist because you believe in its cause, you have to have real money. There's a reason their HQ is called The Celebrity Centre.

I don't want to get into it too much here but Tom Cruise has arguably single handedly led to the continued success of the cult despite all we know about its inner workings.
And to compare it to not watching a film based on an actor’s personal life is unfair. He's an artist, let him have his flaws.

If it functions it has higher value. Use a slow burning black powder and a setup so you can remotely pull the trigger if you want to test it. Black powder repro muskets and rifles are still used as in many states there is a seperate hunting season for those firearms.

Ahh Grandpa's old diamond railgun and the family bible made out of anti hydrogen :D

Some can be as little as one to as big as everything
Yep my dad sold a revolver for 20k

My Grandad got a lever action winchester .22 when he was a boy by saving up some proof of purchases for something I don't remember right now. Anyways, he gave that rifle to my Dad when he was a boy and my Dad gave it to me when I was a boy.

I have six shotguns and rifles I got from my grandfather. None of them are of any special value monetarily, because he was a small-time farmer who never had the money to buy anything for reasons beyond simple functionality. To me though they have sentimental value, so that's all that matters.

Remington model 33 for those curious

Haha, fuck yeah, I hope so bro.

Bankruptcy is a process you initiate because you can't meet your obligations. 

You file some paperwork with the court saying "I'm in way too much debt there's no way I can pay this off, we have to figure something out!"

Then the court will see if you're right. And if it's true that you have so much debt you can never pay it off, they'll basically make the debt go away. 

But if you have a bunch of assets, they might make you sell them to pay off some of the debt first. However, there are some assets they won't force you to sell.

Wouldn’t anything with proper maintenance last forever.