Here is the summary:

My best friend (Terry) and I have known each other almost our entire lives.

We’ve been best friends through deaths, divorces and a million other life changing events. We’ve had countless wonderful memories and experiences together.

I was married to my ex husband (Max) for about 13 years. In those 13 years, Terry, her husband (Bob) and Max were never really friends and we almost never socialized as couples.

Sometime around my divorce (8 years ago) Terry’s husband became friends with Max. It upset me - I lost my cool at the time - but ultimately accepted that it was none of my business.

I have recently learned that Terry is now joining her husband in socializing with my ex and his new wife. The first time it happened, Terry immediately called to tell me they all went out and she didn’t want me to have to hear about it from someone else.

Terry explained that the only reason she went along was to “meet the woman who helped break up your marriage” and maybe "understand why Max would leave" me for her. She assured me that it was a one-time-thing and her curiosity was satisfied: New wife “wasn’t much fun to be around, anyway.”

I'm really disappointed in myself: I lied to Terry on the phone.

What you've said is true. OP needs to get therapy to deal with the feelings the aftermath of the divorce has left her with.

That said, Terry is allowed to choose herself over OP but then OP's free to do the same too.

You are really equating the pain of infidelity with poor Terry not having her best friend living in the same state?

Adultery isn't a mistake.  Putting on two different earrings is a mistake.  Lying isn't a mistake - that takes planning.

OP is right to not want toxic people in her life.  That doesn't make her in need of therapy.

You have a sad life in front of you if you don’t learn to forgive, friend.

I am learning to let go.

Dunno, I have a productive and intensely happy life, but there are several things that I don't consider forgivable.

For me there is a great difference between forgiving and accepting.