Here is the extracted summary:

I know "this is perfect for switch" is kinda overplayed but I think it does apply here. Seems ideal to play a couple turns on the tube/bus/whatever and have a save going over a couple of weeks.

Makes playing Switch on the toilet far more dangerous though, I might never return

You want to miss your stop? There's no such thing as "a couple of turns".

I can see you've never played a CIV game. No one quits after a couple turns.

A couple of turns?!? This is Civ we're talking about here.

Well, in 1 more turn, I get my granary, which should boost my population growth, and then I'll be in good shape...oh nice that's boosted my production, so now my archer will be ready next turn....oh shit, what's this barbarian doing here? I might as well take out them out and get the bonus for that....oh, nice, I just unlocked ironworking, so I'll probably just install those mines...[*ad infinitum*]

I remember playing it on Android. It was the longest I've ever sat on a toilet.

This is how you get haemorrhoids, my dude.

Or break / brake

I think you're right though - this sort of game *is* perfect for the switch. The fact it's portable is the key thing here for why it's perfect.

Question is knowing how CPU intensive this game is on even on modern PCs...the turns are going to be long.

It doesn't work for this definition of "passed", but it does work well for the other definition

That's even worse because they don't even sound the same

Then you *are* lost.

Has understanding passed me up or past me up?

You don't *have to* play marathon. It's wrong to do anything else, but it's technically not mandatory.

I started keeping a notepad and taking down notes when I ended a session.

I seen an uptik in there mispellings and typos. I should of saw it coming a mile ahead, but it just past me by. I swear, I'm gonna loose my mind.

Two wrongs don't make a right, citizen.

Go Elizabethan English with it:

*"Hath understanding pas't me up?"*

I hope that of hey do this, they add the possibility of using the touchscreen. That isn't used enough by far and can benefit quite some games.

This is a Christian website.

It's on the IPad too and works really well.

Even on 12.9" iPad Pro the menus take up a lot of screen space and the game world feels very cramped.

That defiantly grinds my gears

I want to make a game called "Scarlet" and call it a "rouge-like".

ah, according to my googlefu it was only available on android/ios/vita which is why I may not have been aware of it.

It’s infuriating. IT’S PIQUED.

True on connecting to tv.. But then again I can't imagine many people playing civ on their switch while watching TV