Here is a summary of about 10% of the text, consisting of 25 sentences:

Warfronts are supposed to be up but currently aren't working.

Please follow the rules of the subreddit when discussing this here.

Older posts that were made about warfronts and others that were popular before this thread was created are being left up.

Newer threads will be directed here.

I think people are wrongly emphasizing the “free gear” part of this fiasco.

Is that unfair/will it affect world progression?

What I *do* care about is that, as an Alliance player, I literally will not get to play this heavily-advertised piece of content for at least another 2 weeks.

Look, a launch is hectic. Bugs happen. I think most reasonable players understand that.

But this isn’t a bug! This is a fundamental failure to understand *what people look forward to from a new expansion: New Bloodydamn Content!.

Island Expeditions and Warfronts are *such a good idea theoretically* that it genuinely hurts to see them so poorly executed.

I want to charge into a contested island with my fellow Alliance heroes and wage war against the Horde, not run around like a chicken with my head cut off while my party AoEs 59 crocolisks to death.

I think people are wrongly emphasizing the “free gear” part of this fiasco.

What I do care about is that, as an Alliance player, I literally will not get to play this heavily-advertised piece of content for at least another 2 weeks.

They’re shit. Hyping them up for two weeks is literally the goal.

It is literally just updated av with no players.

Go play eso or gw2, I believe they had the exact same concept in fighting for keeps.

Island Expeditions and Warfronts are Horde vs. Alliance flavoured content, whithout the PVP element.

This content completely trivializes, again, the social aspects of WoW that make it worth investing time and effort into.

If LFR becomes repeatable, farmable, and comparable to everything except the top-tier raid tier, why bother?

Those that would solely farm this content for gear would do so if it were 305-340 (especially with an AP reward).

By putting this in the same category as m0 (with the weird RNG loot boost system that goes to 390+?), it trivializes non-trivial content.

What's funny is that this strangely makes the game more friendly to people who only play on the PTR (since it's free for lapsed subs).

Blizz has botched this so badly that canceling your sub, installing the PTR, copying your characters over (once that's re-enabled), and playing there might be a viable option for many people.

Yeah. It's nice for gearing alts. Hardly any need for WQs, just run the Warfront a bunch of times.

What's also funny is that the WQ equipment system is based on your average ilevel.

It's based on your character's ilevel.