Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

But the market can definitely take it away
Not as fast as the Venezuelan government can if you keep their money.
Bitcoin is quite stable compared to the bolivar.
If the market gives you a ride from $200 to $20000 in a little over 2 years, then you really can't complain when it then drops back to $6000 or can you?
And that's against the dollar, against the Venezuelan bolivar Bitcoin has never even seen a bear market.
Cracking a joke dawg. Just cracking a joke
I'm not sure *anything* has seen a bear market compared to the bolivar.
Hell, I'm pretty sure the Confederate Dollar has held up better.
Your forgetting about everyone that didn't buy at 200. All those people who got in at 20k are taking a dick right now.
Ironically, if you bought Bitcoin at 20k in Venezuela, you'd [still be doing better than if you held the Bolivar](https://tradingeconomics.com/venezuela/inflation-cpi).
So far, things cost 200,000% more.
Just for context, if a loaf of bread cost you $1 at the store, that loaf of bread now costs you $2,000.
I'm still hodl
Mmmmmm MMmmmmmMMMmmm NONONONO
Only took them 3 years to break even.
It went from 10k to $20k in less than 30 days...
Yes, dollar cost averaging is just a way to ease people into the market without triggering their psychological fears of investing. Time in the market beats timing the market.
You underestimate the power of greed and the lack of common sense in this subreddit.
Maduro has destroyed his country :(
Sounds like someone doesn't understand the most basic thing about Bitcoin: it's better money.
What makes you think most people got in at those levels? If I had to guess (and I don't) I'd say very few people who got in at those levels stayed in, and those that hodl will see the same returns as those of us who were underwater from $500 a few years ago.
Exactly. It was literally only at that level for five minutes. Nobody bought there.
I'm a big fan of bitcoin and finance in general. That doesn't make me blind to all of the problems that crypto faces. #1 rule of investing is to not lose your money.

Note: The selected sentences are up to 250 words, which is approximately 10% of the original text.