Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

1. Yes it is the one on sunset. My brother and sister in law work for the company, they treat them very well. My brother is what they refer to as a 3rd manager, once he is a first he will have his own store. They actually met on what they call the “all star” team, they traveled all over opening new stores and doing pop ups.
2. Their burgers are good.
3. Their fries are also one of the worst of any fast food chain.
4. If you want a cheap meal made in a very clean establishment with fresh ingredients and don't mind a wait then In-N-Out is a good choice. If you want food that tastes good then you go elsewhere.
5. Bingo! :)
6. Those figures you see tossed around are talking about government workers who have a set salary scale, then get paid overtime. They work double the hours and make double the money. They aren’t being gifted money and they aren’t scamming the system the way it’s implied by people who toss out the numbers.
7. It's good to measure that, of course, but not really easy to benchmark against.
8. As a mid Atlantic native, I can't tell you how happy I am that the secret got out around here and Carolina bbq features all over here. That shit is the greatest
9. Who needs In-N-Out in Vegas when you already have the only White Castle on the West Coast?
10. There's a place I haven't been to in a few decades!
11. If you are trying to be pendantic (which is fine in my book), no one is talking about salary beyond the InO GM. My dear OP said 350k was CEO monies, and I was try to point out if you are only making (total comp) that much per employee your doing it wrong.
12. Median household income is just under 100k last I checked.
13. Not even close to the busiest. Daly City and Sunset in Hollywood.
14. It wasn’t about cost, it was about the novelty of eating In N Out.
15. Why don't they make it the default if everyone orders it anyway?
16. Not mustard based, the sauce is actually essentially thousand island (pickle relish, ketchup, mayo)  but I know they used to add mustard to the patty for animal style (don’t know if they still do)
17. They do.
18. Because not everyone likes mustard or onions (animal style is a burger cooked in mustard with grilled onions and their special sauce), everything is made to order, so you can have them make it any way you like, including extra crispy fries, extra toasty buns, etc. so that's why the default is just a plain burger.
19. The workers are trained in a way that they know the entire secret menu, not like it’s a secret anymore anyway.
20. I don't know about should, but workers set the pay scale, not employers. If i live in a high-rent area, I will demand more money.
21. What did you do for work when you lived there?
22. Wow, I guess I didn't follow how the story progressed!
23. the guy clocking almost 300k was at the bart station but the new job the city has for poop clean up is a bit more than power washing. People there just leave bags of that stuff on the streets so they have to pick it up and make sure it doesn’t pop.
24. I live in vegas and the in-n-out by my house is always busy. Doesn’t matter what time it is. I live nowhere near the strip, just in a regular suburb.
25. I honestly feel like that’s why in-n-out workers are paid so well: the places are always cram packed no matter where the location is