Here are some sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. That you think it's impossible for something to become mainstream.
2. You dense motherfucker, me saying "the tesla cars aren't mainstream right now" is not the same as me saying "They will never be mainstream."
3. Also, the inverse is true, if you think they will eventually be mainstream vehicles, that doesn't mean *they are currently mainstream* or *on the way to being mainstream.*
4. You people are taking a word designed for a very specific purpose and to make a very specific point, and then adding a modifier in front of it to change the meaning around to what you *feel* it should be.
5. That's because I didn't say what you said I did. That's called spin.
6. See? I said it prior to this also.
7. No. Media coverage of tesla being mainstream is not the same as tesla's product being mainstream. Two completely different contexts and two completely different meanings.
8. In the two phrases: "Mainstream media" and "a mainstream product", the word "mainstream" means the same thing.
9. Argue your arguments? You aren't making any arguments. You're just regurgitating Tesla marketing material.
10. Bottom line is this: Their cars aren't mainstream.
11. They aren't turning a profit. They keep making record revenue, but at the costs of record expenses which keep growing in disparity quarter over quarter.
12. Who cares? If they want to ruin their business I couldn't care less.
13. They take deposits from people which essentially act like interest free business capital, their product has a two-year wait list, they sell each unit at a loss and has a massive disparity between market cap and coverage (can someone say stock bubble, PRIVATE FUNDING SECURED!)
14. Who the fuck cares.
15. I'm sorry dude, but when have I argued anything other than "I don't care" when you mentioned how they handle their business?
16. I've never argued that Tesla cars are becoming mainstream. Never. Only that electric cars are.
17. I can't even comprehend how you can look at everything I've posted here and come to the conclusion that I'm a fanboy.
18. 1) No, that sentence is perfectly reasonable and not purposefully written in a devious way. The phrase is very common.
19. 2) I'm not giving credit to Elon Musk for anything but putting his money where his mouth is.
20. 3) I don't think electric cars, or Tesla cars, are mainstream.
21. 4) I did not backpedal.
22. That's all it takes, it's not hard. But instead of admitting you were wrong, you made several attempts to spin it. At first they were mainstream, then they were "becoming mainstream" now you're actually trying to say you were referring the whole time to the media coverage being mainstream.
23. I've always said they (electric cars, not Tesla's. Idk what Tesla as a company will do) are becoming mainstream.
24. And no, I'm not trying to say that the media coverage was mainstream.
25. If you don't think so, give it a Google, and be amazed at the thousands of mainstream articles using the phrase in their title.
26. In this sentence, the usage of mainstream indicates that the media using them was mainstream.
27. You're too stuck up to realise you're wrong, it seems.