Here is a summary of the text, selecting sentences that provide insight into the topic:

Tourists ruin everything.
Nobody goes there anymore, it’s too crowded.

People.  People ruin everything.

It's not that they're doing it, it's how they're doing it. It's very common for people to get too close for a picture.

If you're 300 yards away, nothing. If you're 30 yards away, you're trying for a Darwin award.

There are a ton of idiots who live in that region who somehow manage to have very little knowledge or understanding of the natural world despite living in it.

It's how you end up with the "man gored/kicked by elk/moose/buck" headlines that usually end up with the animal relocated. As well as a darwin award nomination for the lucky photographer

If you can find me one instance of an article where a herbivore is euthanized after being provoked by a person, I'd be eternally grateful

I have no clue about instances of euthanization my original draft of the comment had bear/moose/elf/doe/buck in it but i slimmed it down (removed bear and doe) when i posted it so if forgot to remove euthanize

People often do not understand how dangerous animals like that are.

I used to work in a zoo and visitors assume zoo animals are all tame and won't hurt them.  Given the chance they will hurt you.

By default, I do not trust any animal that weighs more than I do. Horses, cows, whatever, it doesn't matter, they put me on my guard and always have, simply because they could accidentally kill me.

I'm pretty confident that I would easily win against a 65-80 pound dog, unless I was taken by surprise.

You think you can kill an 80 pound dog with your bare hands?

Yes. Easily.

I do not trust any animal that can hurt me. i.e. weight-class too high, fangs/teeth-in-general, claw, venom, etc.

We have deer in a local park that will at times come up and eat out of your hand (your not supposed to do this but... Y'know, people) and people assume this means they are **all** friendly, I seriously do not understand how someone cannot recognize fear or aggression in something 3 times their size,

It doesn't even need to be 80 pounds. Ask anyone that's gone up a tree and found a bobcat.

I do not trust any animal that can hurt me.

Humans in general ruin everything. We are literally a cancer on this planet.

50 feet to a moose is way too close.

200 if you have something to hide behind is as close as I'd want to get.

Or 80 lbs of cockroaches

Eh this is a huge exaggeration for Elk. They come down from the mountain and chill downtown feet away from roads and bike paths ignoring everybody.