Here is the extracted summary:

As detailed in this article, the (Obama appointed) district court judge ruled that California's law stating that "no handgun or imitation handgun, or placard advertising the sale or other transfer thereof, shall be displayed in any part of the premises where it can readily be seen from the outside" was unconstitutional under the first amendment.

*One of the notable parts of the ruling:*

> Thus, the Government's theory is essentially that an impulsive person will see a handgun sign outside a store, will impulsively buy the gun (although the Government does not identify a specific purpose for the purchase), and then, at some unspecified future time likely years later, the person's impulsive temperament will lead him to impulsively misuse the handgun that he bought in response to seeing the sign.

> The Supreme Court has reiterated that the Government cannot justify content-burdens on speech based on the "fear that people would make bad decisions if given truthful information."

&gt; California may not accomplish its goals by violating the First Amendment

Oh snap! We need more of this.

Nickels and dimes still make a dollar.

&gt; Thus, the Government's theory is essentially that an impulsive person will see a ~~handgun~~ car sign outside a store, will impulsively buy the ~~gun~~ car (although the Government does not identify a specific purpose for the purchase), and then, at some unspecified future time likely years later, the person's impulsive temperament will lead him to impulsively misuse the ~~handgun~~ car that he bought in response to seeing the sign.

We have established that there is limits on rights.

Exactly the same is permissible for Second Amendment rights as well. If the people you look down on misuse their guns and cause harm, then you get to punish them. It's illegitimate to deprive them of their fundamental rights in advance because you're scared they *might* cause harm.

I don't want you advocating for restrictions on my rights, or voting for candidates who agree with you. Does't mean I get to suppress your rights to speech and franchise.

SB1100 actually only prohibits selling or giving firearms to 18-20year old persons by FFLs which are licensed under the sections of the penal code regarding sale of firearms (does not affect FFL03).