Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. Almight vs. One for All was pretty boring imo.
2. The final episodes of MHA season 3 are going to be god tier but even then I think what's remaining of AoT season 3 is still going to blow it out of the water
3. this is the weakest arc in the whole manga so far
4. Yeah, they probably did. Pretty difficult to tell the future and what AoT will bring.
5. Maybe he's just stating his opinion. Discussion threads are for discussion.
6. This is an odd sentiment to me. Why shouldn't people compare things? Forming opinions is good.
7. Forming opinions is good, but these two shows are way different from each other. He could’ve easily stated his opinion about his dislike for the current MHA arc without bringing up why he’s more excited for AoT. Why did he feel the need to bring it up 3 times?
8. I wouldn’t even be concerned about things like that, just enjoy what you enjoy. If people think something deserves to be the best of that year, then sure.
9. Lol ban people for comparing show lmao.
10. Yeah mha has gotten far to overhyped. Like the all for one and all might fight and arch was amazing but the shows has been just meandering around for the past 3 months.
11. Where MHA does shine is when compared to its direct neighbours, namely Naruto or Bleach, which is mostly derives and improves upon.
12. TBH, I can see the logic of bringing them up alongside together. They're both really hype and they're both the two biggest/most mainstream, most quality shows airing right now (also two of the biggest shows of the past 5 years).
13. Alright Ive been looking for somewhere to post my opnion without being flamed too the ground and Ima just post it here.
14. Im 1 episode into season 2 after watching a handful of episodes a day for the past week and I don't fucking get what is soooooo good about this show.
15. So far this is better than MHA season 3 in my opinion .
16. That's literally the only thing they put in the parent comment of this chain, though. There's no tangent. That was it.
17. This is false, what happened was Isayama gave the anime staff suggestions but they were the ones who re-wrote it and re-arranged it, they showed the finished manuscript to Isayama and he have it the OK.
18. How could you compare the two though?
19. That's your opinion, I don't agree. Why try to put BnHA down because of your preference? It's just like the stupid console wars with "I own this console and make myself feel better by shitting on the other one".