Here are the extracted sentences:

1. Seriously though. There's someone in here saying they miss that they can't rape anymore in society, with over forty upvotes, and they wonder why nobody takes these conversations seriously and why men in these communities get called fragile, misogynistic assholes, or creepy.
2. It was a clear joke comment
3. You know what? I'm actually on your side, I must of misread your comments or taken it the wrong way.
4. And guys here wonder why women think they're creepy. Because women find casual rape jokes *so* funny. Honestly, yeah it's a joke but it shows exactly the type of mentality that causes them to struggle.
5. This feels like more of a generational thing than a gender thing.
6. I'm always surprised by it.
7. Pretty much every cooking show bar GBBO has a male chef as the host too.
8. When i went to uni I shared halls with 3 guys and 5 girls, the guys definitely cooked more than all of the girls bar one
9. This is why I taught my little cousins how to do laundry and clean a kitchen last summer, I don’t want them in that situation 
10. Man I love those kids so much
11. My mom cooked mostly, but that does not stop you from learning from her...
12. I'm trying to do a different career than that. Thanks though.
13. Nobody cares.
14. Look I get that it can be frustrating to have people comment on you looking tired, on you not smiling a lot, on your choice of clothes or you wearing the same thing two days in a row, on whatever.
15. Feeling sad about something? Feeling sick? Well tough shit you are just being a big baby about those things of course. Of course feel free to feel whatever you want just don't inconvenience anyone with actually showing what you feel.
16. I wish people would care enough about me that they actually notice that I'm looking tired today.
17. I had an experience just yesterday where a girl came up and told me I looked tired and upset (I had been out late getting high the entire night before and I also was having some social issues).
18. At first I was thinking “what the fuck?” then I realized that that had never happened before. Nobody had ever noticed when I was sad or under the weather.
19. My natural reaction was to get angry for some reason, but then I thought “damn this girls just trying to check up on me”. And I actually thanked her.
20. I usually try not to peruse these posts when I’m feeling down, but you nailed it.
21. I don’t hate things, I don’t hate people... but fuck, I feel like I don’t matter one bit unless I kill myself.
22. Seriously. I could be having a bad day and people would ask “what did you do?!” In relation to my girlfriend.
23. If someone has to lift something in the office, or go do some mundane physical labor, of course it’s me on top of the actual technical work I do.
24. I had an interesting discussion with a trans woman a few nights back. It was very candid and disarming.
25. She asked “why does it feel like men don’t really talk about gender issues?”
26. I told her I didn’t think anyone would care, and that if there’s something they don’t agree with, they just try to keep their head down. Nobody cares - I’m either scum of the earth or nothing at all to anyone.
27. Or I’m projecting harddd