Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

She wouldn't let me get PSN for my son's because it's expensive and they don't have to have that. She didn't have boys just 2 girls, she doesn't like video games, yet she lets her kids watch TV and play on tablets.

So she finally let me get them PSN for their birthday, it was a shared present for them. It was to expensive to drop $60 for a video game she said.

Well there started this morning out bad right off hand. We do put are money together. So if I couldn't but something for my kids why can she?

She is a very caring and loving person, probably one of the people I have ever met. Sadly she don't see this flaw and whenbi point it out it pisses her off.

I use to play video games all the time in my old marriage, at this time in my life I play a video game with my kids on a rare occasion.

Everytime she breaks up with me for a day, I cry and have an emotional response. She acts like nothing has happened and doesn't talk to me for a day or two.

Our relationship is full of constant serious talks, these days. I can say a something rude, and fuck the day is ruined. Even if it's because I snip because I'm tired which isn't an excuse but, she can be tired and be rude and snip at me, I'm suppose to get over it instantly.

I don't know how to beat this double standard. She brought two girls, I brought two boys, I know boys and girls are diffrent but a double standard needs to stop.

She wouldn't let me spend on $60 PlayStation Network for my sons as a just because, yet she thinks it's ok to buy pearl earrings for her daughter as a just because.

OP, you’re 35. You’re far too old to be dealing with this kind of nonsense. Playing petty games and trying to one-up each other using Facebook is shit that teenagers do.

Whether or not you like it, or it’s easy, your needs don’t come first anymore. Think of what messages your sons are absorbing by watching the dynamic between you and your girlfriend.

Is that what you want for them? They’d be much better off seeing their father leave an unhealthy relationship and learning that it’s ok to do so.

Dude read a book, take a class, watch some mister Rogers and learn to be a better parent. Your person skill level is within your control. You just have to *try*.

Jesus Christ dude grow a spine and leave.

This is no way that your son should be raised. I don’t know any sort of good relationships where a partner regularly leaves or threatens to leave.