Here is the summary you requested:

Honestly? Grow up and deal with it.

Massage therapy is not sex. One can enjoy a massage and get pleasure from it and get relief from it and not find it a sexual or emotional experience.

It has nothing to do with sex, I don't care if it's a woman or a man. I'm not worried that she would get turned on or whatever, and I understand the difference.

She seems so into it every time, and way more vocal than she usually is with other... stuff.

I just really never liked other people touching me

She doesn't *need* a massage, and isn't even looking to have one at the moment. She enjoys when I give her one, and would go for the same reasons to see a professional massage therapist.

Once again, nothing to do with the noises and sexual insecurity. I just don't like the idea that she needs more than I can give her, if it's purely about (even non sexual) physical pleasure.

I really feel you're trying to distort all my statements to make me appear as some kind of creepy, controlling person... I just want to give the girl great massages, and it would be awesome if just that was enough...

Look my boyfriend rubs my back all the time and it feels good and I love it and I appreciate it and it's a WHOLE DIFFERENT feeling from when a professional gives me a massage. Even if the massage isn't to fix a specific issue, a professional massage is different. It's by a professional who is using specific techniques to achieve a specific result (whether that's deep tissue massage to help an issue I might have or just general technique to relax me overall). When my boyfriend rubs my back it's 100% different.

I know this is the internet, but I'm just here in good faith trying to fix those issues. This is the kind of insight I needed, because I have NO experience with all of this and have my personal issues with physical boundaries that really don't help.

Anyway, seeing other people in similar situations like what you just described helped. I already feel more in control of my feelings and emotions and I hope it'll continue in the upcoming days as i have more time to think it over.

Ok, fair enough.

But I think you really really REALLY need to look and think about the language you use and the thoughts you're having. You keep coming back and saying "I didn't say what I meant to say" or "that didn't come out the way I meant it". But the language you're using and the way you're thinking about your girlfriend are very controlling.

No one person can be EVERYTHING to another person. And restricting her from experiencing something or doing something simply because you want to be her everything and you don't want her to get pleasure or enjoyment from anything that isn't connected to you is wrong.

I might suggest that you do a little looking into what constitutes emotional abuse in a relationship. A lot of people fall into abusive patterns without realizing it.