Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text, separated by newlines:

Without special rules in place, the Senate would vote under normal procedures, which can require 60 senators’ votes to pass a bill that is heavily opposed.

Despite the House vote, it is unlikely the Senate will take up the legislation.

The down-to-the-wire 2017 tax act passed in late December contained a mix of permanent and temporary changes that had to result in a net increased cost that fell within a structural limit of $1.5 trillion that allowed the Senate to approve the bill with a simple majority

It is the single greatest issue our government needs to solve.

They do. They want all roads and utilities to be privatized, so that they can own and invest in it with their billions, and make more billions for doing nothing but signing a check.

Might have something to do with a general dislike of anything that’s part of a socialized program too. Government money should never go to help regular citizens, in their opinion.

I personally would prefer a federal sales tax on goods. Don’t tax the income people make or their property. Only tax when you spend money.

This so goddamn accurate, and it pisses me off. Fucking Republicans...

If you really wanna know more, read Pay Any Price by James Rosen and/or Crash of 2016 by Thom Hartmann. Both do a great job of explaining who actually run the show around here and the latter explains how they profit from crashing the economy.

Evil genius at our expense

I'd like to see some sources for your claims because the assessments I have read so far say that real wages overall are not growing quickly enough, and that the additional GDP growth is not big enough to compensate for the tax cuts. The repatriation of offshore profits have also not amounted to the government revenue increases that were announced by the current administration

Also move profits out to tax havens to forever park it there.

Don't forget to blame the Democrats when the economy crashes while simultaneously claiming responsibility now while it's good.

I agree we need to repeal the affordable care act.

The ACA is a mess because it never could pass into law with its full intensions. It’s been gutted. I’d love to see a real bipartisan attempt at fixing insurance and health care costs. Probably never going to happen in my lifetime.