Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

How are you guys married if simply going to a party alone is a "big test"? He sounds like an asshole, but I think you both probably have things to work out.

Test, because it was the FIRST TIME he was going to something like this when he was in a relationship with me. The reason why I say its a test, is because he is extremely introverted and I wanted to be fine with him going out in the future after this proves itself not to be a big deal.

If you haven’t had these kinds of experiences before then you should not be married. You don’t know him well enough.

He’s also a coke user and a liar and a man who openly considers cheating.

You sound... Kinda controlling and mildly insane. This marriage is going to implode - most likely sooner rather than later. I highly recommend therapy, both couple's and individual (for both of you), if you legitimately want to try and salvage whatever this is that you have here.

I don't think so... I actually don't know what to do about the coke bit. I don't want him to do coke anymore and he said he won't if I don't want him to. But I also don't want him to stop doing something he wants to do just because I say so...

You kinda do though, you just know you shouldn't

I think growth is a big thing. He also pushes me to be more outgoing and explains the value in social interactions because I'm a bit of a hermit.

As you continue to comment I am starting think you are showing narcissist behaviour.

That's fine, I'm not like you or most of the population and if you have problem with people who don't think like the herd then I feel sorry for you.

You sound terrifying, honestly.

I do ask things from my partner. For example, he had a habit of lying in the beginning of our relationship and I made sure he knows that is wrong because it causes damage in the long run. I sent him texts from psychology and philosophy books and he read them, now he does not lie as far as I know...

Treating a failure to check in or catchup on whatsapp over a 5 hour period as some kind of unforgivable breach of trust is kinda insecure and crazy, yes.

I second that opinion.

Youve got issues. Big time. I feel sorry for your husband.

The other things are issues, but being a coke user isn't inherently an issue. Drugs are not my thing, but as long as OP didn't clearly express that she wasn’t OK with her husband doing coke (and it sounds like she didn’t), he’s in the clear for assuming that she wouldn’t particularly mind it.

Demanding a check-in text response within a 5-hour window from a spouse that you know to be busy is **not respectful!**

Maybe you should have stated exactly what those standards were, prior to marriage?

I did, many times

Not doing a terrible thing isn't the same thing as doing a good thing. I've never been tempted to cheat on my bf while intoxicated, but why on earth would I be proud of that basic level of decency?

Get off your high horse and actually grow up some, lmao