Here is a summary of the text, extracted verbatim:

So I thought it was time to start raiding. I've been putting it off because I heard horror stories about the raiding community with words like "elitism" and "gatekeeping" thrown around but it couldn't be that bad, right?

WELL

Day 1 - Since Spirit Vale is the first raid, I figured that'd be the best place to start. In order to create a chill environment, I started my own squad instead of joining someone else's, made sure to include "All welcome" in the lfg to hopefully reduce the amount of un-chill doods.

The avengers eventually assemble and we get the ball rolling. It all goes well, we got to the first boss and took it down in 3 tries. It was a lot of fun too. Group was awesome and everyone just showed up to have a good time. It seems my plan worked, unfortunately, I later found out I just got lucky with this bunch.

After the first boss, everyone leaves, and I mean EVERYONE. I was confused, I thought "What's the point of doing a raid, if you only do one boss? Why even bother if you're not going to do the whole thing?", little did I know, that's just how things are done, apparently.

So I manage to round up another squad, we get the ball rolling but....

Halfway to the second boss, the raid stops dead in it's tracks. Everyone leaves, the commander stays to tell me the raid failed because of me. He points out that I don't have an elite spec, after explaining that I like using the base class, he just says "You can play what you want but no one will take you seriously. Do go your hero points and come back. I don't ever want to see you in a raid off-meta again."

I could tell he meant well but I found the whole encounter very off-putting.

Day 2 - I don't have PoF but I noticed the new mystic forge raid allowed me to enter anyway. I giggled and decided to take advantage of this. Got a squad together and after explaining my situation, the local mesmer portal'd me over the gap. We put in a good effort, came close but after the 4th try, everyone left. One guy stuck around to offer to buy me PoF, I declined his offer, but he wasn't having it, invited me to his guild, sent me 250 gold and refused to take it back.

I felt so bad for taking it but this guy was seriously just too nice. Awesome guy.

Sadly, we couldn't find any more members and the day ended in failure but I just couldn't be mad. Shoutouts to him.

Day 3 - Tried Mythwright Gambit again, this time, I didn't even care about completing the raid, I'd be happy with a single kill. Got a squad together and unfortunately, got a less than patient commander.
"Base mesmer..."

I knew it was going to be a rough night. We tried once, wiped.

"Mesmer, the chronos are out damaging you. Step it up, bud"

I was about to say that I was sorry and that I'd try to do better, but then it turned into a less than friendly statement.
"This is your last chance"

Well, I did step it up, we cut through the boss like butter this time, we got really close but one of our shield people didn't save shield for the clap and wiped.

I was feeling pretty good, I thought about typing "How was that?" but thought it might be best not to piss off the person who threatened to kick me from my own squad a moment ago.

But, SOMEHOW, I was still the problem. I guess base mesmer makes you an easy target or something but it's beyond bizarre to me that one person makes a mistake but I take the blame for it.

Day 4 - The bug that allowed me to enter Mythwright Gambit had been fixed, I shrugged and did a different raid. Got a squad together, and unfortunately, I got more folks with sticks up their asses.
"Hey, you know that this guy is base mesmer, right?"
"Is he an alt?"
"A guildie or a friend of someone?"
"Not an alt, not a friend"
"Base mesmer, you better not get us killed"

Right off the bat, they hated me. I knew I was in for a bad time.

The fight starts and the worst thing that could have possibly happened, happened. I disconnected.
"Base mesmer left as soon as the fight started" one person said
"I DC'd" I respond

Second attempt started, wiped again. I was the last man standing though and I held my own against the boss fight a good 10 seconds. So here I am, impressed with myself thinking that showed I was a good ally for surviving longer than anyone else.

See, that's what I thought, but they still found a way to blame it on me and kicked me from my own squad that I put together. The squad that said "Chill run - All welcome". I was pissed.

Getting kicked from my own squad was the last straw, I was done. But I thought, there was no way, I was ending the day on a good note, slowly started to put my stuff away, and then I saw this comment: 

&gt; In case of condi: I don't really know how good Condi Mesmer is right now, but lots of your DPS is based on confusion, so don't trust ppl saying "Your DPS is worse than our tank's", bc they don't see your confusion damage in the third party DPS meter (Known bug, has been in the meter since release, no way to fix it yet)