Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

Identical twins, who share 100% of their genetic variants, have more similar intelligence than fraternal twins who only share 50% of their genetic variants.

Estimates of the heritability of adult intelligence are in the range of 70 – 80%.

Intelligence is highly heritable and a major determinant of human health and well-being.

We find enrichment of genetic effects in conserved and coding regions and associations with 146 nonsynonymous exonic variants.

Associated genes are strongly expressed in the brain, specifically in striatal medium spiny neurons and hippocampal pyramidal neurons.

Gene set analyses implicate pathways related to nervous system development and synaptic structure.

These results are a major step forward in understanding the neurobiology of cognitive function as well as genetically related neurological and psychiatric disorders.

[removed]

In the most technical sense, no, the evidence does not seem to indicate that it is possible to make yourself more intelligent.

Having lots of background knowledge and diligently studying is important too.

The same thing applies to math, chemistry, you name it. The more you learn, the easier it is to learn more by relating it to things you already know.

Measuring intelligence by how well a person does on any one specific task doesn't work very well, since lots of factors besides intelligence will affect their performance.

We measure intelligence by testing people on a LOT of different types of problems (verbal comprehension / reasoning, logic, mathematical reasoning, spatial reasoning, etc.), so that we get an overall estimate of their learning / reasoning ability that is less affected by how experienced they are (or any specific deficits they have) in any one specific area.

Note that testing someone's intelligence doesn't directly tell us if they have "smart genes."

Just knowing that our intelligence is heavily influenced by genes doesn't tell us which genes.