Here is the extracted summary:

Well I was willing to give him the benefit of the doubt since getting outraged over a pic is stupid. But then I saw the video.

He knew what he was doing. May not have been intentional at first, but he intentionally lingered and repeatedly dug his fingers in

Yeah... why were you willing to give him the benefit of the doubt?  Because women make up sexual abuse allegations all the time?

This comment rankles me up more than most.  This attitude is a big part of the fucking problem.

Try actually reading what people say instead of making your own assumptions. People like you who jump to conclusions are the real problem.

Nope.  Read you loud and clear “I was willing to give him the benefit of the doubt” ...

Most assaults are not documented in an way.  It’s infuriating to think you need video evidence to give validation to an illegal act.

Yeah... why were you willing to give him the benefit of the doubt?  Because women make up sexual abuse allegations all the time?

I agree that we need evidence, but that sort of line of thinking when it comes to accused and accuser is by “giving the benefit of the doubt” to the accused immediately says to the accuser that they are lying.

What is wrong with you? Do you not know what "benefit of the doubt" means?

I understand 100% what it means.  That’s why I’m challenging you on this.

You don't know me at all. I don't know why you're acting like you do.

That actually sounds completely reasonable...

Uhhh..... wut?  I think requiring evidence before a verdict is completely reasonable.

In a world where girls throw around rape claims for attention, *yes, waiting to look at evidence is completely reasonable*

Right.  There was photographic evidence and witnesses who said it happened, but OP was willing to give the assaulter the benefit of the doubt.

Pictures can be taken out of context because if a badly timed picture. A video shows that it wasn't an awkward position and timing but rather he kept he hands there and dug in.

Yeah, you’re proving my point here.  Women do NOT throw around rape claims.