Here are the extracted sentences:

1. That controlling authority might deem that Eugenics is desirable; then again it might not. In any case, if the goal is simply a responsible and informed control of human reproduction and population, then Eugenics is more of an option than an inevitability.
2. I think my sentiment is that a corporate automation tax would be a national initiative, and any company can just move outside the country to avoid it. It would need to be a global economic initiative.
3. Countries can force companies to have X% produced internally in order to have access to the market.
4. Also for some industries it's impossible to move outside like retail or transport.
5. Most people are completely removed from things like food production, land and resource management, and so on.
6. Therefore, I hold that some sort of authority is necessary to both keep track of these complicated factors and to proscribe guidelines for reproduction based on these factors.
7. In developed countries [almost everyone](https://ourworldindata.org/employment-in-agriculture) is useless.
8. All it takes to make a versatile robot for a task is 10 people tops with access to resources.
9. They’re not building the pyramids.
10. Tokyo, is overpopulated, not the whole of Japan.
11. Again: if you have to feed 1000 engineers, that's no problem. They can generate a lot of wealth to the world. But 1000 illiterate people can't.
12. In fact due to automation more wealth will be created, which can be spread out over fewer people, which increases individual wealth.
13. You tax the company instead of the incomes, which is then relocated to the citizens.
14. It‘s literally the only solution for ever growing automation and every country will have to do this sooner or later, it likely will go hand in hand with universal basic income.
15. Japan is looking into the future and are searching for real long term solutions of an aging population and ever increasing automation, while many other countries have their head in the sand.
16. Honestly, that's what I'd like - the option to have a painless death rather than be forced to live as long as medical science can physically do.
17. Or the Soylent Green option.
18. No it isn't. Japan is somewhere around the 40th most densely populated country, it's just that most of the people live in the few big cities and the rest of the country is almost empty.
19. If that's the case, anyone pushing this is going to be called a racist or a monster.
20. That controlling authority might deem that Eugenics is desirable; then again it might not. In any case, if the goal is simply a responsible and informed control of human reproduction and population, then Eugenics is more of an option than an inevitability.

Please note that these sentences are copied verbatim from the original text and may contain personal opinions or biases.