Here are the selected sentences:

Please check the [previous discussion thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/9iqivb/daily_discussion_september_25_2018/) for unanswered questions.

What happens to the price if Donald Trump tweets the word Bitcoin ?
MOON
Good question. If all he does is tweet “Bitcoin”, it won’t have much of an effect. But, if he tweets, “I bought some Bitcoin and will work with SEC to approve Bitcoin ETF.” Bitcoin will skyrocket. If he tweets “Bitcoin is a threat to world order and democracy and it’s very suspect.” Bitcoin’s price will fall.

Explaining bitcoin to trump would be like explaining sex to a 6 year old. He’d probably be very interested, maybe even excited, but in the end he’d understand very little of the actual mechanics, comprehend none of the value, end up quite confused, and ultimately be unable to use any of the information practically for at least 6-7 years.

I love people who try to reconcile their view that Trump is “dumb” while at the same time he destroyed two political dynasties, overcame MSM 95% negative media coverage, his opponent having more money, full Wall Street support, full mainstream media support and top DOJ/FBI/CIA officials interfering in election and post election (silent coup) by weaponizing fisa courts/surveillance against him on behalf of his opponent. She also got debate and town hall questions ahead of time. He STILL won.

We’ll check again before December end. 

Hopefully most checked off before mid terms though.

Hey, I voted for Trump

Well, that just means you’re probably a dipshit, too.

God damn youre retarded

I am starting to think you didn’t take the last election so well. I am also starting to think you won’t be able to psychologically handle the upcoming consequences following fisa declassification.  Going to be a long 6 years.

That's why it's so damn difficult to even debate politics and policies with so many trump supporters- you have to go down to their level of analysis and and understanding, like 4th grade level.