Here is the extracted summary:

Sorta. Physically no, the root cause will still be there affecting your perception and cognition. Technically yes, it’s possible to pass as neurotypical on the tests if you’re high functioning and no records from childhood exist to refer back to.

Depends who you ask. Theoretically, with autism being a spectrum, the answer is yes. Someone could be, say, 12% autistic but considered neurotypical by a clinician who considers the cutoff for autism to be 20%. Most of psychology uses a "you have it or you don't" approach to disorders, which makes it hard to decide where the line is.

I have pretty severe depression. I also got screened for autism a few years ago. When I was screened, the doctor screening me told me that while I scored extremely high on the screener, ultimately whether you’re autistic or not depends on how well you function, and because I function well enough, I’m not autistic (and apparently they're trying to get rid of the high functioning designation).

Yes, I think so, I believe they just wouldn’t feel as comfortable with that. For a neurotypical person, it’s comfortable to be that way. For an autistic person, it would involve a lot of pretending and conscious effort all the time, resulting in exhaustion.

We are orthogonal. Both my son and I are autistic. We both have high IQs, we both suffer from depression. While we are intelligent, we are impaired socially. We are "high functioning" in that we are smart enough to get through school, learn all of the necessary life skills, and be gainfully employed.

Being autistic means that things such as tone, non-verbal communication, boundaries, situational awareness (to name a few) are different. We interpret (or miss) these things differently from neuro-typical people. This often results in a feeling of isolation which can lead to depression.

I don't know if there is an "official" answer to this, but I think that yes, the ASD spectrum blends smoothly into the zone of neurotypicality.

Think of it as 2 different spectrums.

Just because you are high on the spectrum and able to communicate with a person, does not mean your brain is operating the same as a neurotypical person.

I am in the same boat except I only have the one son. He is 18 months old and is showing some of the early signs. I don't see autism as a disease but as an extremely valuable genetic trait, with a few negative side effects.

There is no line

You're confused about what's being measured. Individual symptoms can be evaluated and given a score, which is what RAADS for example does in the form of a questionnaire. But the actual diagnose for autism is just based on suffering from a certain amount of symptoms, no matter how severe.

To give an example, I have what we used to call Asperger's syndrome, it means I have trouble with taking things literally, planning, giving my life structure (and trouble dealing with no structure) and one on one social situations, I have great eye for details, but seeing the bigger picture takes a lot of effort, I'm also intelligent enough to compensate for a lot of things so I'm not weird until you get to know me. All these things are autistic symptoms, they belong with each other on the spectrum.