Here are the selected sentences:

Wasn’t the G2 one of the first phones with extremely thin bezels though? (At the time)
And that's an interesting argument, though I don't agree with it.
To say the G2 influenced it would be to say the One Max was irrelevant (true), that the G2's use of rear buttons caught on (it didn't), and had so much market reach that Google made their design decisions as a result (probably false-the Moto X was to have a scanner in that very location before Apple bought the company that was going to make it).
Even beyond that, you'd have to argue that this component's placement has a substantial impact on phone design to place it in a list of the 10 most influential phones.
It sure was-for a while, its screen-to-body ratio was unparalleled among US-market flagship phones.
But that's the thing. It had no immediate effect on the market.
And bezel reduction tends to be a progressive effort-the Galaxy S3 has thinner bezels than the S2.
My best guess is that reducing top/bottom bezels was a new design idea at some point, and the first few phones to emphasize that (Mi Mix, Galaxy S8) should be considered the progenitors of this trend.
The G2 was released before the HTC One Max
Yah you’re right. I just remember the g2/3 were being praised for the screen to body ratio.
Slimmest bezels on usable flagship for years to come, first phone with SD8xx chip (I might be wrong on that), first phone with back lock button (I see you are mentioning HTC One Max below, but that came a bit back later and HTC immediately dropped them while LG hold to them until today which I'd say influenced everyone).
But I'd argue an important phone is also influential-its existence and popularity can be directly tied to design decisions on later phones.
The G2 did not cause other phones to use Snapdragon 800-series chips, as several competitors launched with the CPU within months.
No phones currently use back volume buttons, and only LG has a rear power button-so the design clearly did not catch on.