Here are the selected sentences:

California is about to sign through 8 new gun laws on top of the literal thousands they already have in the books and all 50 states have been dominated under the tyranny of the ATF through the NFA for almost a century and the Hughes amendment for 3 decades.

Take more people shooting. Many anti's have never touched a gun, much less seen one in person. Change the minds of your peers. We are the future of this country, as terrifying as that seems.

Yes, the problem is so many people do not view the second amendment as their right because they never experienced it. They don't feel it's a right because they have never exercised it, due to the controversy or regulatory hurdles, or both.

To them, it's just a law that happens to cause so much controversy.

SCOTUS may get rid of some of the state level laws soon.

He explicitly said that in 2016. I believe the quote is from one of his rallies and goes something like, "Even if you don't like me, you'll still vote for me because of Supreme Court justices."

I can't deny that he's picked a few too many losers. However, it seems that his administration is certainly under more scrutiny (especially from the media) than others.

Be sure you're clear on the trajectory, here. Where we stand right now is in many ways the free-est America has been on guns for the better part of a century.

I won't comment on President Trump's performance as a whole, but it is worth noting many voted for him for his choice in Supreme Court justices.

The best thing we can do is reach out to people like this, take them shooting, and help them understand that guns are tools and there is no reason to be afraid of them.

Don't forget replacing American flags with Muslim Prayer rugs.

That's a lot less of a stretch than finding something wrong anything Trump says in his word vomits.

I was in a thread for my local community sub yesterday and prior were arguing about how the "fight thing to do" any time they see someone with a gun is to call the police.

The Left does not want you and your guns dead. The "left" you are referring to are liberals, who are right-leaning centrists.

I have to agree with /u/ChucklesSovietly. The best way to ensure that we keep firearms in the hands of the people is to actually educate people about guns, and their role in the political and class discourse, not as some eccentric hobby or dangerous, destructive item, but as a tool and a barrier of defense for citizens against a totalitarian state.

I moved across state lines primarily to escape terrible gun laws.