Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

I feel like I was put on this Earth to be a mother.
My ex is not close with his family at all and doesn't have a paternal bone in his body.
I just feel like we aren't getting any younger and he just has no interest in what I want.
It sounds cold but it makes sense to me.
I know deep down we had no future.
I've been feeling this way for a while and I just think it's useless to put effort into something that isn't going to work in the long haul.
Was I wrong to do this?
You're getting to that age where you know what you want in life, and sometimes you have to make tough choices to achieve your goals.
Him and you will both find people that want the same things for your futures.
It's not a bad thing, just something that happens sometimes, even if it might hurt right now, it was the best option for you both.
Yeah we felt more like roommates or best friends rather than a couple.
This sucks.  Having chemistry but no compatibility because you end up working your ass off to make it work out.
I am not questioning your choice or feelings (it's really strong and wise thing that you did), I just am genuinely interested in what it means to people to feel like a couple instead of just best friends.
Oh Jesus. I must he a zombie then.
People have different plans for their lives. Some want to get their kids raised and out of the house before they get up there in age. Others like to wait until a little later in life to start a family. Different strokes and whatnot.
Most people at 26 are getting a few years into their career and are settling into being actual adults instead of big kids still dependent on their parents or in school.
My husband is my best friend for a lot of reasons - we spent out early twenties together, figuring out life, moving state to state, finishing college, traveling, partying, losing people we love.
We share views on parenting, on job outlook, on living our best lives as we age.
You have to keep in mind OP wants kids. After 30 pregnancy becomes a lot more dangerous
Maybe the distinction is best friends that act as one unit (a couple) vs two people that are just friends.
For example, my partner is my ‘best friend’ but we have to be on the same page for every important life decision.
I genuinely care what this human feels about what we're doing to get through life.
When I make a decision, even if it's as simple as choosing which toy we'd like after winning at a game stall, I like to consult with him and see what his view is before I make a final decision.
There should be some overlap but even then as long as you can respect each other's interests, it doesn't need to be identical.
Your partner cannot and should not fulfill you in all areas of your life.
It takes 4/4 not 2/4 to keep a relationship satisfying.