Here is the summary of about 10% of the text:

I literally cannot keep up with the amount of farming that you have to do now. Getting a new piece of gear that you cannot use the traits on feels BAD. I dont want to come home after work and do boring ass islands to get AP, or world quests. I want to do dungeons, raid, and PVP.

There is no point in grinding something hardcore when it becomes easier by 30% each week, just play for fun and up until where you are bored.

I did, then I left. Yeah a hardcore friend of mine explained the catch up mechanics and I just stopped grinding. Now I log in to do dungeons and pvp with mates and I like the expansion again...

This is exactly what I’m doing lol, I have 3 120s, 1 352 ilvl one 350 and one 340. My main sims over 13k dps, fuck azerite acquire good gear.

Play for fun?! At my own pace?!

What are the catchup mechanics? Azerite levels become about 30% easier to reach each week. WowHead has a whole guide on the subject.

I stopped grinding after I got my neck to 20. There's just no point. It would require so much time to level it. So I just do what I want to do now.

And if you craft the 370 ones you get a recipe for 385

Your *currently collected* Azerite stays the same - your % into a level stays the same.

Like, bitch what are you smoking? They're worth 30% more each week---Like, if you didn't know that there has been a catch up system in place since launch and have been bitching anyways, then you're a dumb shit who needs to shut the fuck up and think for a bit about what you're saying.

I'm not arguing if it's a good system or not, but that is the way it functions. 

There may not be much point in actively grinding for azerite power alone, but you still pretty much have to do WQs for reputation. Maybe there will at some point be a catch up mechanic for that too, but as far as I know there isn't one yet.

And there is no point in playing with no end goal either.
and the way it scales really just gives zero incentive to bother with it