Here is the summary of about 10% of the text:

1. Although this is a place for off-topic discussion, there are a few rules to keep in mind.

2. Discussion of religion, politics, depression, and other similar topics will be moderated due to their sensitive nature.

3. Roleplaying is not allowed. This behavior is not appropriate as it is obtrusive to uninvolved users.

4. No meta discussion. If you have a meta concern, please raise it in the Monthly Meta Thread and the moderation team would be happy to help.

5. All r/anime rules, other than the anime-specific requirement, should still be followed.

6. Something that irks me about Starlight after 10 episodes...

7. I want to read something completed after catching up to OP.

8. Like the rest of Mizukami's series, don't let the initial premise and plain artwork deceive you. The author excels at developing and making his characters grow with the series.

9. As with all recommendations, don’t raise your expectations that high or may risk being disappointed, but there is a reason People love Mizuhkamis works and some may resonate more than others

10. If I'd give Biscuit Hammer a 4/10, then I'd give Spirit Circle a strong 6/10 or a weak 7/10.

11. The late journalist Hitchens said this, roughly:

12. In wartorn regions, steeped in grudges, the past is not even past, but part of the bloody present.

13. Someone you have a crush on?

14. No ma'am, meeting her face to face again reminded me of how and why I was and remain attracted to her.

15. She's incredibly sweet and I love her to bits. I was angsty about it (in fact I complained about it to you and wrote several bad poems a year ago), but really, I am glad to know her.

16. You need to go down into the lair and defeat the dragon of chaos, otherwise it's going to come out and eat you.

17. That's too much work, why don't we wait until it's outside?

18. Because it will be much much larger and it could smash your house down, destroying not only yourself, but the things and the ones you loved.

19. Oh man. I'm sorry to hear about your unrequited crush.

20. She's incredibly sweet and I love her to bits.