Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

Men have been lied to and thinks their is something noble in being self sacrificing and going against their own interests. In reality it is
Just a convenient way for people to
Exploit them.

Waiting for an FBI investigation is the right thing to do... Unless Kavanaugh is lying.

What's the harm in waiting to prove his innocence?
I fully agree with that part. It’s just that I think we will see a shit show of character deformation in the mean time by democratic attack

Dogs.

And if the FBI says that the narrative that Kavanaugh is pushing about his teenage years is bullshit? 

Will you still think it's a democratic plot?

At best it’s a political assassination based on plausible evidence. Whichever way it
Goes I know the democrats will never take the side of a man in a he said she said.

Really? Your hate of Democrats is so strong that you don't care if a lying rapist is on the Supreme Court? Not everything should be politicized, particularly not rape.

That's pretty scary, man.

I’m
Scared that baseless allegations are believed like fact

If she'd admitted to any doubts about her memory as she must surely have, her opponents would have leapt on it (which in this case would only be truthful because 35 year old memories are simply unreliable).

She was very clear about the parts she couldn't remember... You just completely made that up.

Hopefully you've learned something.

I’ve learned you are a little bitch and look forward to messaging you when the FBI finds nothing.

If they do a thorough investigation and determine he's telling the truth and really was the innocent and pure victim he's pretending to be, I'll deal with it.

That's the difference between you and me. I deal in facts and you don't.

As a doctorate of psychology she is well aware that long term memory is simply unreliable.

She knows that regardless of how she feels her memory is not "100%" reliable and far from it.

Feelings are not facts.  When she represented her thirty five year old memory as 100% accurate, that was a lie.  ie She made a statement she knew was false.

I’m
Scared that baseless allegations are believed like fact

She said she's 100% certain it was him. You said that was a lie it was not a lie.

There's nothing else to say.

I get the impression there's never anything worth saying to you.  Good luck with your mindless zealotry, especially as this thing probably isn't going to go the way you think it will.

https://www.cnn.com/2018/09/27/politics/brett-kavanaugh-hearing/index.html