Here is the summary:

The sugar content doesn't rise as the banana ripens. What happens is that the complex chain of sugars (known as a starch) begins to break down.

Starch is not counted as sugar, so when starch gets converted to sugar, sugar content does indeed rise.

So yes, as a banana ripens the sugar content rises as starch is converted into sugars.

Starches are not sugars even though they are entirely made of them.

Not really. The saccharides are in the banana. But saccharides != sugar. Saccharides are the building block for sugars and other carbohydrates. Sure, when they're 'alone' as a monosaccharide they're classified as sugars but that's not the case here.

Starches are carbohydrates, but not sugars.

I don't really think the quote below only implies that starches are sugar:

The sugar content doesn't rise as the banana ripens. What happens is that the complex chain of sugars (known as a starch) begins to break down.

You're right and wrong, but mostly wrong. Obviously sugar molecules don't appear out of nowhere, but polysaccharides are not sugar any more than trees are firewood. Yes, you can chop up starch to get sugar (or chop up a tree to get firewood), but that doesn't mean that starch is a kind of sugar.

Being a chain of sugars and being a sugar are not the same thing. A line of cars is not a car. A forest is not a tree. A beach is not a grain of sand.

The sugar content *does* rise as the banana ripens, because starch is not sugar and as the banana ripens it gets turned into sugar. Meaning there's more sugar in a ripe banana than an unripe one, meaning the sugar content has increased.

This part does:

The sugar content doesn't rise as the banana ripens.

And it's factually incorrect. The sugar content *does* rise as the banana ripens, because starch is not sugar and as the banana ripens it gets turned into sugar. Meaning there's more sugar in a ripe banana than an unripe one, meaning the sugar content has increased.

There is nothing factually inaccurate about it though and they aren't saying that starches *are* sugars so much as the sugars within them haven’t become *not sugar*.