Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

I made some off handed insult or joke about him as I saw another snowplow drive past, I don't even recall. My father put his hand on my shoulder and very seriously said, "Never, and I mean never, put another man down for doing honest work."

It's not a non sequitur. It's just a tangent from what most people are commenting on. But I thought about it too

I am pretty sure I have at least a mild form of this.  I routinely recognize people by their voice, their walk, etc.  I can't tell you how many times I've introduced myself to people and theyr'e like "I've met you 10 times or more".  

You'd be super useful in helping to fend off a alien invasion where the aliens were taking humans and putting their own shape shifting aliens in their place.

Sometimes, gotta find something that stands out, but not always possible.  Ive never had friends that are twins, i wonder if i would be able to distiguish the personalities or be completely oblivious to whos who lol.

Running into people from back in school or old friends ect gives me a bit of anxiety, specially when they start talking likes its obvious i should recognize them.

That’s exactly the symptom that most sufferers notice first and exactly my experience. I didn’t even hear about prosopagnosia as a thing until I was already in my 30s.

More interest in this subject than I guessed, so I thought both sufferers and those trying to understand it might appreciate how I describe what the experience is like.

To imagine what it’s like, imagine if you had to recall the identity of hundreds of people based only on looking at the palm of their hands. Your brain doesn’t memorize the same level of detail in palms, and yet every palm is unique and contains plenty of detail to uniquely identify someone, but if you’re not looking directly at it, how much detail could you recall and how many unique individuals could you tell apart from only that detail in your memory? Probably not many, right?

So much this.  It’s the worst when someone starts a conversation and I’m still trying to figure out who they are.