Here is the extracted summary:

One thing that fascinated me when I first step foot in Queensdale on my level 2 mesmer was that dynamic event where you had to stop the bandits from poisoning the water dam. If you failed to stop them then a different chain of events would spawn than if you succeeded.

For example, if you fail to kill the Death-branded shatterer he shouldn't just vanish into thin air along with all the mobs and you try again later. Maybe queue a cutscene where he does something very destructive before flying away, and for the next two hours the map is in some way more harsh because he is active.

When the map is dead, a more harsh environment for a failed meta will discourage replaying if it persists to the next meta. If it were to go away after 15-20 min (if the meta is on a 2 hr timer, I haven’t paid attention) then I’d find that to be consequences that fade and allow normal play after.

No matter the case, killing the Death-Branded Shatterer should be more rewarding and more worth repeating in some way.

Some Krytan maps (can't remember which) had bridge-building and bridge-saving events, IIRC. It was cool. You would be like 'Aw hell no, Bandits. Gonna spend 5 minutes killing y' all so I don't have to waste 30 seconds crossing the canyon!' because you knew that you were saving other players the hassle as well.

Timberline falls has this

I really wish we got more of these. While they're really simple in concept, they're really enjoyable just for the feeling of actually saving something tangible.

A failed event could also open up other events that are interesting. They have to be careful not to put notable rewards behind a failure so people do not sabotage. But simple events that suit the failure that occured should be no issue, while still adding flavor and the illusion of life to the map.

Succeeding ramps up the subsequent map metas’ difficulty with a corresponding bonanza of rewards. Any time it fails, it falls back down a level. Overall population goal... to keep that map alive and hopping at maximum meta level 24/7.

Precisely OP's point was the selling point of GW2 when it came in 2012. People back then were fed up with the static dynamics and *wanted* to be punished for failing events. I stand with him in this; they have been slacking in map design and event creation.

What I would like would be chain events to ‘clean up’ afterwards. I.e. when the meta fails, you have to rebuild the bridges (like in Kryta) clear out the branded, eliminate hazardous threats, etc. That’s what makes a failed meta feel ‘living’ to me.

A really interesting idea. How would you prevent every instance from being a hardcore uphill battle in the weeks after it's released though?

I guess I don't see any particular state of the map as a problem that needs preventing. If players have really lost interest in the map meta, then the map adapts to becoming more PoF-like and suitable for loners and solo wanderers.

And if Anet really wants to rekindle interest in the map at some point, they could just tie a specific reward/crafting/collection ingredient to the meta in a later patch.

They could certainly take a leaf out of Dry Top to accomplish something like you have suggested.