Here are the selected sentences:

I'm liking this trend of stereo speakers
The Single firing speaker of the G7 was crazy good. If they managed a stereo setup then LG killed the Audio game in the Smartphone industry with that and a Hifi Quad DAC.
Stereo speakers really adds to the experience. Front facing changes your life
Yeah. The speakers on the Pixel 2 XL are satanic Good
That's why they are satanic good
I'm glad LG is steering the V series back to the enthusiast market.
Something we've been asking for for 5 years and it only gets done when Apple does it.
Not sure how different they are between the XL and smaller pixel 2 but the big thing I noticed is podcasts on the speakers don't sound like a phone. They just sound like a decent stereo.
Pixel 2 speakers are loud enough to hear everything clear as day.
At the very least do the bottom and ear piece.
Quality has never been in question, is better than everything else out there right now, go ahead and compare it yourself and you will see.
I was very pleasantly surprised by how good the S9+ speakers are. And I love that you don't have to waste a tons of the front face for it either, like all the traditional HTC designs do.
In the past you had to severely compromise on screen size/body, and bezels for this. The S9/S9+ is the first phone to get it right imo.
front facing speakers all the way. Even with one like on my Moto Z Play, it's much better than back or down facing speakers.
What other phones have stereo speakers?
Nope. My XL2 speakers crackle. Google it, it's a common issue.
I'm holding a G7 right now and while it does get loud, quality wise it certainly isn't the best by any stretch.
Every major phone from around 2014 before people overlooked stereo speakers for Samsung form factor.
Pixel 2. Samsung Galaxy s9.
Yeah it's not pronounced "Think" its pronounced "Thin. Q."
Let's not forget the Nexus 6 and 6p, also years before Apple
I won't buy a phone without them. Bottom firing audio is garbage.
Almost all HTC Phones