Here is the summary of about 10% of the original text:

I had a Sony PEG-NR70V with a magnesium body back in the Palm era. That device was huge but light because for the magnesium.

It was the best PDA device ever. If it made calls I would have kept using it.

Someone should use that for a phone.

Should have hot-glued a phone to it.

The original Surface used Magnesium... Not sure if they still do tho.

I believe all of the Surfaces do, at least the Pros and Books. I like the feel of my Surface book vs an Aluminum MacBook. The device itself is another story though.

One of the problems with magnesium in phones is that it tends to block signal, which is likely why it isn’t often used.

It also had the horrible problem when the surface got wet it looked like the paint or metal was melting.

Canon still uses magnesium alloys for the bodies of their high-end DLSRs. It's an amazingly tough material.

Surprised no one mentioned the OnePlus one had a magnesium alloy frame

Magnesium is also insane to machine. The stuff can catch fire if you screw up or have something go wrong.

What do you suggest if you're looking for a tablet like windows computer?

I wonder how that alloy reacts to a burning battery.

There have been issues across the board when it comes to the Surface products. It could have been a great product, but the quest for immediate profit margins yielded a subpar product.

Ehh, they also use it in cars and those tend to catch fire too and it seems like it's fine if it's an alloy.

I've owned a lot of surface devices over the years. They always seemed to offer something nobody else would, namely a totally stock windows experience. Trying to debloat a laptop but still have all the hardware at work, can be a real test of your patience. And out the outset, the build quality looks excellent.

My OG Surface Pro is in surprisingly good shape for being as old as it is. No dents, just the sharp corners starting to get worn a bit.

And all of them are softer than aluminum.

But as someone else said, they can and would coat it. Which is $$$, which is why we don't see it much.

There were many bad devices with the 6th gen CPU (so first gen SB and SP4). I replaced my SB through warranty 6 times, each time for a different issue - and all issues were really significant.