Here are the selected sentences:

1. republicans control THE ENTIRE government.
2. > millions of non-military Federal employees.
3. who all report to republicans - who are their boss/es, who set their agencies' agenda, who they serve, who pay their salaries and set their budgets.
4. Trump won't have to fire Sessions.... he was just implicated in a conspiracy (along with trump) by Papadopoulos... and caught in a perjury trap (to congress).
5. > there is nothing illegal about meeting with a foreign leader
6. There can only be a sprung perjury trap if he had his witch hunt interview with Mueller testifying under oath.
7. > your story is fake
8. > republicans control THE ENTIRE government
9. He testified under oath to congress that he had no meetings with russians. he lied. that is perjury - hence my point that trump will not need to fire sessions.
10. Impeachment is the remedy to a high crime committed by an elected official.
11. dude. WHAT-THE-FUCK?
12. > republicans control THE ENTIRE government
13. Do you speak english? i KEEP saying sessions.
14. perjury in testimony to congress is an impeachable offense. period.
15. Dude, Sessions already gave Trump his resignation letter a long time ago and Trump has not accepted it as of YET!!!!
16. trump is not a king. he is head of a single branch of government... and he simply can't replace sessions with anyone sympathetic to his legal problems.
17. > there's nothing illegal about meeting with a foreign leader
18. So this whole investigations corner stone is the fake Russian Steele dossier created by X Russian Spy Christopher Steele.
19. i'm telling you right now that more of trump's people will be indicted or flip (mob shit), charges are coming for people closer to trump from here on out, and trump will be implicated in numerous money laundering and tax crimes.
20. You are just making things up.
21. ok. everyone who works for an agency or in any type of law enforcement role falls into the executive branch - republican controlled.
22. so i guess there's that.

Note: The selected sentences are separated by newlines as requested, and only contain exact quotes from the original text without rephrasing or adding words.