Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. My city has 50 of them who *after* the conviction of an officer, *after* the department had covered up for him and it took a separate DOJ investigation, saluted a cop in the courtroom, in front of the judge and the victim's family.
2. In Norway you have to get an actual *education* before becoming a cop.
3. I believe it was the victim who had the mat.
4. Wouldn't it make more sense to just throw her under the bus and go "Nope, she's not with us. In fact, we're the first to fuck her up for it"
5. She was at work that day. She had just gotten off and was in uniform still. Her car was parked on the fourth level.
6. As absurd as her story sounds, the narrative that she parked on the fourth floor, went directly to Jean's apartment, banged on the door until he answered, shot him, then immediately called 911 and began administering first aid is pretty bizarre as well.
7. I believe you only need a GED in most states. Requirements are not hard and the tests are not hard.
8. No one really knows right now. Not unless their is a video. You got neighbors saying certain things but at the same time you would assume the neighbors are black, their neighbor - who they probably knew well - was shot by a white cop, you don't think they might lie about the cop.
9. They could be telling the truth, but considering how quick people are to whip cameras out and film a cop when they do anything and there isn't any video of her doing this, it is harder to believe than her story
10. A few reasons; I tried when I was younger, I was too smart and turned down. I am actually doing something with my life now. I make way more money than they could ever. And I don't live in America anymore.
11. How does a person that's too stupid to make it home then once she gets there, is too stupid to realize she's in the wrong house become a police officer?
12. Is it female officers that have more incidents of use of force (shootings) than other officers.
13. Because the course is short, easy and they don't really give a fuck about morals in applicants.
14. She'll be free AND getting paid while the case goes on for the next 1-2 years. Then they'll allow her enough time to get her things in order so she can go do her 1 year sentence at a minimum security prison. Then she'll come out with 5 years probation but she'll still be allowed to work as a cop in another police department because she "cooperated" with the investigation.
15. Depending on what other smearing they successfully do, she might just get a few years probation and no jail.
16. The reality is the bunch is bad and every once in a while we throw more fresh apples into it.
17. When I was 18 I really wanted to be a police officer. When they were hiring, I applied. It was a pretty crazy process.
18. I was denied. The reason? I was told that tests came back and I was too honest and my IQ was too high. I was so upset, and dumbfounded. This was almost 20 years ago in Phoenix. I went into tech instead and don't regret my decision at all.
19. They don't hire honest and bright talent. They hire people who follow blindly and do what they're told. If corruption is high enough to deny people based on honesty and intelligence, then these aren't organizations to be trusted.
20. It's all about showing weakness. They want the police to be an unassailable, unquestionable wall of authority. "We do not make mistakes, if you are killed you deserved it." Admitting that maybe, just maybe, the cops aren't actually perfect arbitrators of justice they open themselves to criticism, which they absolutely refuse to tolerate. So any time a cop acts up, it's time to circle the wagons.
21. It's actually kind of impressive, their commitment to the whole charade. Even the military seems to know when to cut its losses and throw an individual to the sharks to save the reputation of the establishment yet cops are ride or die for every little thing.
22. Of course the police wouldn't release any information that would in any way make one of their own look bad. It's disgusting and unacceptable, but entirely expected.
23. That's like one of the top three qualifications necessary to become a police officer, next to a lack of critical thinking skills and a contempt for the general public.
24. Narcissist mentality, $5 says she was a Trump supporter also.