Here is a summary of the text, extracted from selected sentences:

How could you fucking hate Kenny, he seems like such a good guy.
If you don’t like pedophiles, it’s pretty easy to.
What this story?
You are going to have to explain that one, you don't just go around calling anyone a pedophile without some evidence

He must be talking about this.

In all fairness, I think Omega was simply naive/ignorant and it didn't look like he was trying to hide or play down the person's prior conviction.

Ah yes, the ancient rule that any promoter who books a wrestler becomes guilty of anything that wrestler does.

By that logic, Vince is going away for double murder.
Although, would it really surprise you if you learned that Vince had put a few bodies in the ground?

There was a ton of WWE fans losing their shits over it for awhile
for starters your name would be Jim Cornette to hate him

He didn’t even associate with the guy. CEO booked the ring crew and he decided to give the ring crew a dark match as appreciation.

It wasn’t like he was trying to hide or play down the person’s prior conviction.

So you’re best of friends with everyone you’ve worked with for a period of time?

His matches are always really long, he's bad at selling, his acting and promos are atrocious, cheesy and ill-fitting in New Japan and he uses that knee thing he does way too many times per match. And his hair looks dumb.

You got a source for that claim? Because I remember Kenny himself saying that he only met the guy once, over decade ago, long before he was convicted of anything.

First of all, it's pretty obvious that you're doing this as a fan because you're constantly bringing up WWE in a vain attempt at whataboutism. That's practically trademarked by Omega fanboys at this point.

I think Ibushi is actually underrated as a ring general. Even if he gets most fame from his high spots

Oh, I see. Thank you.

Its this pic from 2016 that he is talking about. https://www.instagram.com/p/BHGAZSyAxUB/
Its from the CEO event of that year and Bailey thanked Omega for introducing him to the wrestling school that helped supply the ring which is the same place were Rance works.

Doesn't really look like "hanging out", if I'm honest, definitely doesn't indicate that they're close friends like the other fella said. Looks more like a picture with some fans, but it's interesting nonetheless.