Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

* Oversaw the Mountain Meadow Massacre.
* Before that he forbade anyone from selling the non-Mormon pioneers needed supplies and encouraged rumors that they were attacking Mormons.
* Coerced underaged girls into marrying him and having sex with him when he was well into middle age.
* Amassed huge wealth off the sweat and toil of early Mormon church members.
* Outrageously racist (even for his time) and incited violence towards native Americans.
* Actively endorsed flagrant lying just to promote his religion.
* Forced out other rival leaders (who were also fairly shitty people) to wrest control of the early church for his own power and prestige.
* Brought in the concept of blood atonement.

And now to sit back any wait for the down-votes from all the Mormon apologists.

Learning the real history is what made me formally resign from the Mormon cult.

Joseph Smith was called a prophet *dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb*

What is that, Ge'ez?

Dude, wasn’t the Angel’s name that visited him Maroni or something?  I mean.....Maroni???

*In Mormonism, blood atonement is a controversial doctrine that taught that some crimes are so heinous that the atonement of Jesus does not apply. Instead, to atone for these sins the perpetrators should be killed in a way that would allow their blood to be shed upon the ground as a sacrificial offering.

Oh.
Kinda?

Sins that Young and other members of his First Presidency mentioned as meriting blood atonement included miscegenation

That's just the word they decided to use for it, I'm sure they'd understand what you mean if you told them you work as a translator.

Same

Hence the new Mormon moniker of "Ziontology". Very apropos.

Oh my Euro friend, you should find some books on American history during the 1800's. Early Americans were bat shit crazy.

**SCIENTOLOGISTS ACTUALLY BELIEVE THIS**

cult
kəlt/Submit
noun
a system of religious veneration and devotion directed toward a particular figure or object.

Seems pretty clear.....

Mormonism is just as bad in many regards. Worse in some cases.

Not joking here, but you've learned a truer version of events than actual Mormons are taught by the church. Crazy.

I saw several articles that gave more information but figured this one shouldn't get removed since it's from the mormon church itself. Other ones that paint mormons in a more negative light than this one already does could get removed by a mod. :/

So what? As I said, scientists use a certain set of criteria to define cults to separate them from the relatively benign.

Oh.
Kinda?
"Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities."

-- Voltaire
smart smart smart smart smart

Why would he incite violence against the Indians when they were the lost tribes of Israel? /s