Here are the selected sentences:

Meerkats can be found in the Kalahari, which is a sandy desert.

Who are you responding too, and if you're being serious then it's a bit rude.

That's what meerkats would do. It'd make the game more fun, in my opinion.

According to the latest addition in the animal compartment, nothing actually useful. They'll be cute and drop some trivial item.

Each meerkat will have a 20% chance of dropping a meerkat pelt, which you can craft 9 of together to get a single piece of leather.

Meerkats will be tameable probably and the hint at this is Jeb throwing a fish down at the Meerkat, obviously it won't take fish to tame a meerkat but perhaps spider eyes or a new drop? Then again the fish thing is also a joke so the tameable part may be wrong.

Eggs would be a good choice to tame meerkats.

I think milk is pretty easy to get already. I would like coconuts as a potential weapon though, maybe you could bowl them at players or mobs?

Vultures! They should try and kill you when your low on health.

The only real problem I have with spider eyes is that they poison people. That said, Meerkats also eat snakes, and are immune to most of the local venoms that snakes in the Kalihari produce. So I suppose they could be immune to whatever makes the spider eyes in MC poisonous to humans.

What would be really cool is if the meerkats could *create* burrows themselves. Put them into a desert area and then they start burrowing into the sand, converting the sand above them into something like a new block called 'packed sand', which works just like regular sand but doesn't get affected by gravity.

Maybe the openings to the burrow could be 1 block wide but there could be like a..."home" area for them that the player could fit inside.

That's not a terrible idea, but apparently they make poor pets. Which makes me think that this would be a good neutral mob that can't be completely tamed--rather like cows/pigs/sheep/rabbits. They'll follow you for food, but don't be truly loyal to you. That's my thought on the whole setup.

I'm now imagining a drop table like this:

1 iron nugget -> 30% 
2-4 iron nuggests ->25% 
1 gold nugget -> 25% 
2-4 gold nuggets ->15% 
0-1 diamond -> 2.5% 
0-1 emerald -> 2.5%

That way you wouldn't get a *lot*, but it'd be something.

I'd be ok with those numbers

I think you easily forget that the last update was literally two entire updates combined. A rewrite to the code/commands and such and the entire Aquatic Update. I don't mind a smaller update then 1.13, just hope it's good.