Here is the summary you requested:

Incredible voice acting tbh
I'm ok with this.

His Joel voice over a were incredible however.

Voice actors act, they don't have to 'put on a voice' for it to be incredible. Good actors usually sound like themselves in movies/tv, it's not any different for animation/games.

They all still have that Troy Baker flavor though, easily recognizable.

Yeah, even though they aren't live action, the emphasis is still on the "acting" part of voice acting.

Not everyone can be Laura Bailey, I guess.

I'm giving him a pass. Of all the criticisms leveled at Kojima's games, I don't recall "lack of gameplay" being very prominent.

That was not pre rendered, its using the until dawn and horizon zero dawn engine. Its just that pretty

There was nothing pre-rendered. Everything, every gameplay and cutscene shown until today were running in real-time on PS4 Pro.

The end of the second trailer was gameplay, the walking and the end of the third trailer was gameplay as well.

Five seconds of Norman Reedus walking up a hill don’t count as gameplay.

Why not? Even if it was?

There's building hype, and then there's a bait and switch. So far, the marketing for this game seems very, very baiting.

Agreed, show us the gameplay instead of spoilers. Or it means they aren't totally set on what the game play is.

I believe Kojima said showing regular gameplay would take away from the mystery.

Everything was running in real-time. Stop spreading lies.

We know it’s a stealth game and we’ve seen several stealth scenes already. Just because you refuse to believe it’s gameplay doesn’t mean it isn’t.

It’s a stealth game and we’ve already seen some stealth gameplay. The end of the last trailer was gameplay as well.

I like the weirdness and mystery. I like that there aren’t endless videos and articles detailing every little thing the game will have. If you’ve played Kojima’s games and you’re a fan, you’re buying this game.

It’s dope that I probably won’t know much about this game when I start to play it for the first time.

The middle ground is not being a self indulgent pretentious "auteur" Kojima fancies himself as.