Here are the extracted sentences from the original text:

1. The only thing that changed when McConnell was minority leader is that the majority party refused to deal with the minority party.
2. They didn't execute it because Republicans wanted to preserve the filibuster in the event they ever ended up as the minority party.
3. The funny bit is you clearly don't know the history that well.
4. Republican leadership playing hard ball a decade ago and Democratic leadership being colossally stupid 6 years ago.
5. Booker asked for the documents to be cleared.
6. He then released them, thus letting us read them and see that there was no reason they should've been confidential in the first place.
7. The documents were cleared. He made a big show saying "I'm releasing these uncleared documents rules be damned!" Because he is not a very smart guy.
8. Booker was hardly the only one talking about releasing the documents.
9. Every single sitting Supreme Court justice has had their past released in this way.
10. Obama pulled the same shit with all of his. This is nothing new.
11. Except this time we have Tardacus making a fool out of himself over literally nothing.
12. Booker made a huge deal about releasing documents that were already OK'd for release.
13. He had a real Tardacaus moment.
14. And I'm glad he made a point about the documents, because regardless of whether or not Booker was actually potentially subject to expulsion for releasing the documents, they never should have been made committee confidential in the first place.
15. Nearly all of Kavanaugh's past workings should be discussed and seen by the Judicial Committee, not just a tiny percentage.
16. It's like you have't read the article in question or paid any attention to what Tardacus did.
17. He went well out of his way, to do what he thought was illegal, and release documents to the public, that were already cleared for release.
18. And no not all of Kagan's or Sotomayor's records were made available.
19. Obama used Executive Privilege to withhold thousands of documents for each of them. This is standard practice.
20. How would you feel about using dna? Cheek swab is all it would take.
21. "He went well out of his way, to do what he thought was illegal"
22. And I didn't say they were. (Although in point of fact, none of Kagan's records from working in the Clinton White House were withheld through executive privilege, and I don't believe there was anything that could've been, let alone actually was, withheld for Sotomayor.)
23. That is far, far more than anyone's seen from Kavanaugh.
24. And why? Why are entire years of his record of opinions, thought process, and working documents just completely secret?
25. This is just laughable and naive. Do you know how much Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunities Programs have done for this country and the minorities who were just getting shit on as a fact of life?
26. You think these programs have damaged equality in America? Have they failed to "reach closer to equality" thus far?
27. Look at what happens the second they pretend we no longer need the Voting Rights Act because "minorities no longer need protection."
28. This is like first year philosophy stuff.
29. A common hypothetical is a law that prohibits anyone from sleeping under a bridge.
30. You should read up on Majestic Equality.  US courts have recognized this and refused to intervene but it is accepted that “good” laws can yield unequal and unfair distribution of compliance burdens.

Note: Some sentences may be redundant or contain errors, as they are copied verbatim from the original text.