Here is the summary:

This thread is for: *objective questions with right/wrong answers* (e.g. "Does anyone know what is happening with MIXTAPE?", "What is the sample in SONG?") 
- *general hip-hop discussion* 
- *meta posts...e.g. ideas for the sub*

Welcome to the /r/hiphopheads daily discussion thread!

Frank stans are starving whenever another beloved artist drops music pretty frequently (Tyler or Kanye recently). Comments usually be like "Tyler stans feasting while Frank stans starving".

I keep seeing this narrative that Frank Ocean stans are starving whenever another beloved artist drops music pretty frequently (Tyler or Kanye recently). Comments usually be like "Tyler stans feasting while Frank stans starving".

I love Frank and think its that we're just so used to barely hearing anything that the fans are never content unless it's news of a full project.

Tbh I don't expect anything from Earl til Q4 2018 or Q1 2019. Tbh Earl been going thru some shit like his father and Mac passing so I honestly don't give a shit if Earl doesn't drop anything as long as his mental and physical health is intact and Earl feels good about dropping music.

I'm fine with him taking time his health but didn't he recently say Mac's passing made him get back to work or something like that. He just tweeted the other day the wait is almost over.

For real? I'm a huge fan of Kendrick and I nearly have fatigue of him after his insane output lately.

It's funny to me at this point tbh, he got a good few hours of music floatin around the internet so i aint trippin too much. Maybe he's been working slowly on a masterpiece, maybe he aint been doing shit this whole time who tf knows lol.

I feel like at some point jay zs gotta be like fuck it im putting your album out idc. He probably the one forcing him to even give us that one song a year, while jay elec just tryna fadeaway completely.

Exactly, I don't need Frank ocean every year. His few loosies last year along with the features this year (Purity is amazing) is enough for me.

I want Earl to be in the right place before he releases music, he's had a real shit year.

Oh I agree that whatever he drops whenever it may be will probably be amazing. But him saying "you're gonna love 2018" is a huge tease that set fans hopes high even though we should know by now not to trust anything unless it's right in front of the screen playing

Ima George RR Martin fan I laugh at y’all complaining about Jay Electronica
fam jay electronica stans are basically dead... they typing from the afterlife