Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. Today’s reddit is the absolute opposite of what it began as and what it intended to do.
2. I miss r/watchanimalsdie and r/nomorals. They keep removing all the good subreddits, i'm afraid of r/watchpeopledie going away, too.
3. No, that’s  just sick. Find other hobbies.
4. RIP Aaron
5. [deleted]
6. It started as a slashdot clone, then as it gained popularity it become more like digg through the widening user base.
7. https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3268458
8. [deleted]
9. lol nevermind then
10. Not even. Back in the day, it was pretty common in Digg comments to see "Saw this on reddit 3 days ago". That's why I moved from Digg to Reddit in the first place.
11. Originally? It was just a link aggregator, where people voted to increase or decrease visibility.
12. Then, subreddits were added for granularity. Then came commenting and the slow decline into social media.
13. Honestly, I think I keep coming back here out of momentum more than anything.
14. They’ve totally abandoned Aaron Swartz’s vision from when he didn’t start reddit and was only with the company for a short time.
15. Reddit used to be a staunch supporter of free speech and had a rule that basically anything that wasn't illegal was allowed.
16. Now Reddit is rife with censorship and heavy moderation. Accounts can be purchased, subs can be purchased, etc. It's gotten too big for its own good.
17. My account is 7 years old I think, and I lurked before then.
18. Way back in the day Reddit was a small community and took pride in being small.
19. Before memes were a thing there was basically a secret meme you would say to someone to know if they were a redditer because ppl didn't want to talk about it in the open and dilute the content with garbage users like we have now.
20. Thank you for answering I see, I have heard there is a lot of abuse of power by some moderators.
21. I enjoyed my time here so far and learned a great deal.
22. And of course always double check to see if some of the most serious posts are true.
23. Same, I plan on cutting back since Reddit is that last of social media that I frequently use, the other is just Instagram to browse hobby related stuff.
24. I know I personally wasted a shit ton of time browsing reddit and shooting the shit
25. This site was heavy into programming and nerd stuff.  Hacking groups like anonymous were a popular source of news.  People cheered for open source and hacktivists.  
26. As the site grew it started to reflect more standard communities.
27. Reddit still has a strong nerd base and comments better than any site on the internet.
28. There is a lot of power in a site like this and many were optimistic about the impact it could make.
29. Since Reddit has become a powerhouse it seems new influences may be trying to steer Reddit away from activism.
30. Governments probably see Reddit as ground zero for information war and we are targeted with all sorts of radicalizing misinformation.
31. When it was a small community there was high quality control.
32. Now everyone sees stuff that is questionable and the source of misinformation is a frightening question.
33. Hmm interesting thank you and all for the feed back.
34. I hope we can fight such influences and remain true..
35. [deleted]
36. Agreed.
37. The narwhal bacons at midnight.
38. Hello There!
39. and Facebook quality crap
40. A good start would be to get rid of stormfront... I mean theDonald...
41. I thought slashdot had stories submitted by moderators not users.
42. They were, that was the change Reddit brought.
43. I've been a Reddit user for 10 years and I never knew that Reddit started out with only moderators submitting! Thanks for the info.
44. Sorry, they as in /. We're mod submitted.
45. So, technically reddit started out as a digg clone then, not a slashdot clone.
46. If reddit was never mod only submit then it was never a slashdot copy.