Here is the extracted summary:

So I asked my husband to put the new stickers on the license plates. He texted me back maybe an hour later say "all taken care of."

I asked him why he didn't put the stickers on, he said he just forgot. I asked him why he told me he put the stickers on the plate, he said he "pre-texted" and meant to get to it.

I have to ask, is this a part of a larger pattern where he disregards your feelings? I'd feel terrible if I caused my partner to get $1300 in tickets, to say nothing of the lie. I can't imagine this is an isolated incident.

Did he even apologize?

I think it's just a little unfair to put the $1300 on the husband. Obviously he's in the wrong but the other 4 tickets were not on him.

That's taking it too far. A ticket for outdated registration would be at most 10% of that total while the husband is certainly at fault for that, the rest of the fine is entirely down to the cop being an asshat.

So he lied to you, his lie caused a stressful and expensive thing to happen to you, and his response is basically "shit happens?" What?

That's not how blame works. If she had been smuggling coke or something and went to jail would you say it was his fault for her going to jail? No, she did something wrong and was caught because of his wrong.

He caused a situation in which a cranky cop gave her additional tickets for something she didn't do - use her phone while driving. If her husband had done what she asked him the cop would never have stopped her and since *she was not using her phone* while driving wouldn't have been given those extra tickets.

Thank you for this fantastic analogy! I’m not sure why it’s so hard for some people to understand that her getting the phone fine was directly related to her husband’s failure to do the simple task of putting the rego sticker on. There would be no phone fine if she hadn’t been pulled over for having an unregistered car.

It’s her fault. It’s not “hubbys” responsibility. She a big girl

Example: we're roommates and I'm gonna be gone for a week. I say "hey buddy can you feed my cat" and you reply back "sure, no prob, just fed her for the day" and proceed to not do it. I have a right to be mad at you and blame you for my cat being hungry! If you replied back "no I can't" then I would have known you weren’t gonna do it and arranged accordingly.

It's not made clear whether or not she put the responsibility on him, or if he took it on himself when the sticker came in the mail.

In my above statement, I agree that she has room to be upset at him for forgetting what he agreed to do. However this is limited due to this being such a minuscule task that she should ultimately be taking care of herself if this is the car that only she drives (which sounds like the case here).

The example you provide is planning ahead. OP’s example is a spur of the moment “hey can you do this thing for me thanks”, which is a little different.

Yeah, he shouldn’t have agreed to do it considering he forgot to do it. Thats a mistake on his part that he will hopefully learn from.

Yeah, she shouldn’t have asked him to do it - thats laziness and a mistake on her part that she will hopefully learn from.

Sounds like having phones within arms reach is illegal in their place of residence so yes, they were doing something illegal.

She lives in the US by her use of USPS and unless you have the phone in your hand it’s not illegal. Some states even allow you to be actively talking on the phone while driving. The cop was being a jerk and assumed she was on the phone and gave her tickets. It’s not illegal to have your phone near you in any state in the US.

So it's his fault she had cell phone in reach? No either she did it illegally or the cop gave her a bad ticket. That part isn't on him.

Except slipping on ice is a clear risk of not doing the deicing. Getting busted for doing something illegal is not a clear risk of getting pulled over.

Lmao what are you on about? She didn’t do anything illegal and the cop was being a jerk but it still doesn’t change the fact that if her husband hadn’t lied to her about putting the new sticker on the car she wouldn’t have gotten any of the tickets.