Original Response:
I'm aware of several possible ways of changing the trajectory of asteroids, one of which being that we could use a laser or a convex mirror to heat up a spot on the surface of the object. This, hypothetically could cause it to slowly veer off it's previous course due to the propulsion from the vaporized material being ejected from the surface. 

This made me curious as to how much the out-gassing of a comet affects it's trajectory the closer it gets to the Sun or any star for that matter. If this does significantly change the trajectory of the comet; how does that fact affect the accuracy of predictions made of it's future course?

 In other words, could a comet that we initially think is not on a collision course with the Earth (or with a very low probability of impact) be pushed into a more dangerous trajectory by the ice vaporizing from it's surface?
Appreciably? Not really. Remember, the comets tail doesn't signify which way the comet is going like a shooting star, but where the comet is in relation to the sun. [Here is a picture.] (http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/Cometorbit.png) The material is mostly "falling off" the comet because of friction. 

Solar winds and sunlight are what shape the ejected material into a trailing tail. Now and again there may be explosions or pockets or gas which will impart a force, however the force won't be a constant one.

Also comets to a point are still poorly understood. I just didn't want your question ignored and I was looking forward to hearing from someone who would know more.
Firstly, thank you for your response.

Secondly, to clarify my question, when I said "out-gassing," I wasn't really referring to the tail of the comet but any imparted force from material/ice being vaporized from the surface facing the Sun. I understand any imparted force from explosions/gas pockets would be minimal/sporadic, but it seems that those events would happen with greater frequency on the surfaces of the comet experiencing the greater amount of energy input from the sunlight i.e. the side of the comet facing the Sun. Could there not be an appreciable cumulative effect?

Also, your comment about the tail be comprised of material stripped away from the comet via friction from solar winds makes me wonder if the changes in the overall shape of the comet may affect its trajectory in a way analogous to the shape of a wing may affect its aerodynamics. I am currently unaware of a term for something like aerodynamics occurring in space via pressure from light/charged particles. Maybe photodynamics? or Cosmodynamics?

edit: typos
Yes there could be, but it works both ways, most objects in the solar system rotate, and comets are no exception. If the rotations are quick, comets become fairly warm over much of the surface. This will lead to outbursts in all kinds of directions and not necessarily all pushing the comet to a wider orbit, though there might be a weak correlation. Also many small bodied objects are of odd potato shapes so predicting how outbursts will affect it is difficult.

There could be a cumulative effect, but the thing is, comets die. Eventually after enough passes there simple won't be enough water or other volatiles to sustain the tail. It will just become another small dead rock similar to an asteroid. The effects might not have enough passes manifest appreciably before the death of the comet.

These objects are extremely active and do all sorts of weird things. They can [fall apart](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c0/Schwassman-Wachmann3-B-HST.gif) or even [lose their tails](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Encke_tail_rip_off.ogg).

The tail itself probably doesn't actually impact the trajectory all that much, the tail isn't necessarily "connected" as much as being along for the ride. Even after being blown off the surface, the material still has much of it's original angular momentum and will orbit alongside the comet.

The analogy is if I threw a baseball far enough away from the Earth so it didn't orbit it, it would orbit the sun alongside the Earth at roughly once per year. Should I call the baseball connected to the Earth? Not really.

However, part of the tail is ionized gas which is not electrically neutral, so part of the tail can be fairly well connected even to the comet, solar winds however always dictate the direction that tail shows and it must always be away from the sun.

Summary:
the side of the comet facing the Sun.
Could there not be an appreciable cumulative effect?
Solar winds and sunlight are what shape the ejected material into a trailing tail.
(http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/Cometorbit.png) The material is mostly "falling off" the comet because of friction.
