Original Response:
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;What are our realistic chances of fighting off global warming to allow human survival and prosperity post-2050, based on current trends? 

First - survival and prosperity are two dramatically different issues. The former isn't really in much doubt unless a number of implausible conditions were to occur, and the latter (if defined as GDP) is arguably being impacted negatively already. 

Can you try to be a little more specific?

Second- the "chances" of avoiding a given threshold of warming are at this point political, economical, and perhaps engineering questions, rather than strictly scientific questions. How much warming we'll see is largely up to us. 

There are a number of assumptions we can make and then revisit the question.

For example, you could rephrase the question like:

"Assuming an equilibrium climate sensitivity of ~3°C (with a transient sensitivity of 1.3-2.6­°C), assuming that human prosperity will be significantly negatively impacted by more than 2°C warming, and assuming that we follow a BAU (business as usual) or worse emissions trajectory such as A1FI or RCP 8.5, by how much and how fast would we have to reduce emissions to not exceed the 2°C threshold?" 

Or, another way of phrasing it:

"Given the immense atmospheric lifetime of CO2 after a large carbon pulse, and given our current civilization's coastal habitation/infrastructure, etc., for how long and at what value can we hold atmospheric CO2 and still expect to retain sea levels like today's?"

Etc.

You're conflating some interesting and answerable science questions with some equally interesting but less precisely answerable non-science issues.
[deleted]
[deleted]
At this point, "Global Warming" or "Climate Change" is a reality and it's only going to get worse. We can't just "fight it off" anymore. Even if we could mitigate some of the effects with new technologies, it would be hard if not impossible to revert them completely in the foreseeable future.

Humans will survive, there is no doubt about that - we have an uncanny ability to thrive in many different environments. And we will probably continue to prosper in the future, but we will have to change and adapt to the new climate. That is the main problem we face.

In the best case scenario we position ourselves to go through a relatively smooth transition and manage to pull through relatively well after a rocky period. In the worst case we will face famine, war, a reduction in the population and a long period of re-adaptation, but after that we should be able to get ourselves back on our feet.

So in my assessment:

Chance of successfully fighting off global warming in the short term - Low

Chance of surviving post 2050 - Very High / Almost Certain

Chance of prospering post 2050 - Medium
[Here is the IPCC page on anthropogenic climate change.](http://www.ipcc.ch/publications_and_data/ar4/wg1/en/ch9s9-7.html) Click on the figures, they are helpful! Unfortunately, the trends show an increase in temperature with time, it is unknown how quickly equilibrium would be reached if no more CO2 was released starting now. This means that "fighting off" climate change is impossible, unless we figure out how to start removing CO2 from the atmosphere and begin to rejuvenate the planet. Survival is high! Humans, with our advanced brains, should still dominate the ecosystem even after society has collapsed. Prosperity is another story, relocating humanity's largest population centers away from shorelines will definitely hurt the global GDP.
100%.

Because even in a [full 4C rise by the year 2080](http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/oct/22/science-museum-climate-map), the earth would be able to support a population of 1 billion more people than we have today. The main bottleneck is fresh water, or that number would be higher.

So survivability is not in doubt for this century (at least not due to global warming), and 'prosperity', in terms of genetic diversity, a 14% increase in the population is more than enough in such a short timeframe.

tl;dr Human survival in this century is not in doubt due to global warming, and the population can grow by a reasonable amount.

Edit 1: Please don't let these facts lead you to believe that I would approve of the tens of millions of people who would die, or the hundreds of millions who would lose their homes. These are simply the facts, and the science of human suffering is nothing if not long term.

Summary:
tl;dr Human survival in this century is not in doubt due to global warming, and the population can grow by a reasonable amount.
At this point, "Global Warming" or "Climate Change" is a reality and it's only going to get worse.
&gt;What are our realistic chances of fighting off global warming to allow human survival and prosperity post-2050, based on current trends?
