Original Response:
The ocean's currents gather a substantial accumulation of plastic polymers in the Pacific Ocean and other regions of the world, but the only resources I can seem to find are summarizing sheets, not actual pictures.  Even Wikipedia and Google only link graphs, simplified charts, and unrelated pictures!

This doesn't seem very scientific to me and I'd be very much interested in re-producible hard evidence told by an Earth Scientist rather than Captain Planet.
An actual picture would be pretty useless, since it just looks like any old patch of ocean. The estimates for the density are on the order of 10 kilograms of plastic per square kilometer of ocean; even if most of that plastic weren't in very tiny pieces, there's no way you could see that in a picture.
I'm not talking about an aerial shot, and most graphs point out that a good portion aren't just particles under 1mm, but chunks of non-broken down material.   I'd be very interested in actually seeing a "useless" picture rather than what I've been told.  

Consider if someone told you about green ants: they "exist" and are cited in multiple articles, but no one has pictures of them.  There are "artist renditions" and pictures of black and red ants, but everyone clearly knows that they exist! ...Then why aren't there any pictures?

*cue conspiracy theory comments*
The ocean gyres occur on much too large a scale to be visible through photography, even from space. You need to drop something into the gyre to highlight its motion. This has been done both on purpose and in impromptu fashions: dropping rubber duckies into the ocean and having people report where they were found and floating Nike shoes being lost from a shipping container, washing up on shore later.
http://seawifs.gsfc.nasa.gov/OCEAN_PLANET/HTML/oceanography_currents_2.html

That's pretty much the best you're going to get without some contrasting solution present in the ocean currents allowing you to see the streamlines.
Thanks for the link, but see how it's only a graphical representation and a picture of shoes along with text?
Exactly!  Dropping a camera IN the water or even taking a picture from a boat adjacent or encompassed by it... *But why has no one done this?  Are there really no pictures of this "phenomenon"?*
You're misunderstanding the scale on which the gyre operates. Take a look at one of the graphs (one with units, of course) that you said you could find and relate the diameter of the gyre to a simple ocean wave. You'll realize that the gyre operates on scales orders of magnitudes (10's of times) larger than a simple wave. It might be easier for you to think of any ocean gyre as simple ocean currents. They're not slow but they're not fast either, same with the currents that make up the gyre. If I were to place you anywhere inside the gyre you would remark that it just looks like you're in the middle of the ocean. You wouldn't be able to tell which direction you're headed, how fast you're moving, or even whether you're moving at all! Only when viewed from a satellite can you even resolve that the general motion is circular.

I just realized your use of "gyre" was meant to indicate the actual garbage patch itself. A gyre is actually the name of the ocean currents circular motion. Well, there aren't any pictures the entirety of it because all the pieces are spread so far apart that from any one location, it wouldn't look like there is lots of trash. The middle of the gyre will tend to collect items and so it has done so. But, as Amarkov says below, the density of the items is far too low to observe anything expansive.
Thank you!

Summary:
A gyre is actually the name of the ocean currents circular motion.
...Then why aren't there any pictures?
You're misunderstanding the scale on which the gyre operates.
