Original Response:
A friend of mine showed me some of his work.  I've now read a lot of his stuff and find it interesting, but I'm not quite sure how much I believe of it.

What really caught me off guard is when I tried to do research on him from sources not directly linked to him.  For such an acclaimed genius with break through revolutionary ideas, I expected him to be a bit more famous.

At the very least a wikipedia page or something.  This is just weird.
[His website](http://www.markorodin.com/)
I made it through about 30 seconds before my BS detector went into overload.  

If you spend more time studying the fundamental fields of math and science (algebra, calculus, physics, chemistry, etc.) your intuition will develop as to what are and what are not solid ideas or theories.  My personal intuition, which is far from perfect, says he isn't worth the time.

And in the spirit of building a good foundation I'd recommend the Feynman lectures here: http://research.microsoft.com/apps/tools/tuva/index.html

[edited for clarity]
I think anyone who refuses to submit their ideas to peer review (or even explain them fully) is a hack until proven otherwise.
Thanks.
Yea, I thought he sounded a bit crazy.  What caught me was his graphs on the efficiency of his "Rodin Coil" versus a normal coil.  If the graphs were true, his coil was absurdly more efficient.  

What is weird though is that I can't find any evidence of anyone using his coils industrially, nor any major break through articles on him.

I thought maybe I just didn't understand what he was talking about.
Glad to see I'm not the only one who thinks he's crazy.
Woah, he claims to have found a way around the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, 

*"This synchronized electricity can be observed in its past, present and future position using Rodin´s mathematical interferometry numerical patterns, which are non-invasive and hence, eliminate the possibility of the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle"*

So he's claiming to violate a fundamental law of physics, among other things

He seems to be part of a big movement these days of people trying to mesh new age thought and quantum physics...
I hate those kind of people.  Trying to justify their theological views through arbitrary sciences.

Summary:
Yea, I thought he sounded a bit crazy.
I hate those kind of people.
