Original Response:
Genetic drift has a clear effect on small populations, by random chance certain alleles beneficial or not may get fixed or eliminated. Does population size dictate the intensity of natural selection?
In larger populations, there is a larger gene pool, meaning that it would take more time for natural selection to show its affect and cause fixation of alleles than in a smaller population.  Think about it in this way: There are two phenotypes in a bird species living in darker shrubbery.  One phenotype is dark-feathered, while the other is light-colored feathers.  In a small population (say 3 dark-feathered birds and 1 light-feathered), the light-feathered bird would likely be eliminated by predators more quickly than the others because it doesn't match the darker colored habitat.  The "light-feathered allele" has been removed from the population.  So from now on, the "dark-feathered allele" is all that remains: dark-feathered birds from now on.  In a larger population (say 35 dark-feathered birds and 15 light-feathered birds), it would take more time for the "light-feathered allele" to be removed from the population.  
TL;DR: Population size dictates the time it takes for natural selection to become evident in a population.
Nice [entry](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small_population_size) with links to various detailed effects and terms.
&gt; Does population size dictate the intensity of natural selection?


I'm not sure if I understand exactly what you mean by the intensity of natural selection. Could you elaborate a bit more? I'll try to answer your question regardless.


Intensity of natural selection aside, population size is still a factor to be considered. For example lets say you have a parent population of 2 individuals, one being homozygous for a dominant form of a trait (AA) and the other homozygous for the recessive form of the same trait (aa). Most of their offspring would wind up being heterozygous for the trait (Aa), and phenotypically, almost all of them would exhibit the dominant form of the trait; basically if everything happened perfectly you should always wind up with 25% of their offspring being homozygous recessive, 50% being heterozygous, and 25% being homozygous dominant. If those two parents were to produce two child populations, one small (consisting of only 4 individuals) and the other large (consisting of 16 individuals), then the larger population is more likely to be representative of the actual gene pool; by that I mean it’s more likely that close to 25% of the individuals will be homozygous recessive, 25% of the individuals will be homozygous dominant, and 50% will be heterozygous. Simply put, more individuals means that the distribution of genes becomes less random; even though each individuals has roughly the same chance of being born with a given genotype as any other individuals, more individuals means a more complete picture of what is there.

So let’s apply this to natural selection. Say for example we have a population of moths, and their wings can either be white or black; for the sake of the example let’s say that white wings are dominant (AA) and have historically been advantageous, while black wings are recessive (aa) and have been disadvantageous. If suddenly some disaster happened that made the black wings advantageous, then a larger population of the moths would likely be able to survive better than a smaller population. While a greater number of individuals would die in the larger population, more individuals would likely have black wings which makes them more likely to survive and produce offspring that exhibit the same trait. This could lead to some serious problems later on since the surviving population would no longer be representative of the parent population and would be substantially less diverse than the parent population; basically becomes a problem in the same way that a smaller population would have been an issue from the get go, only now it's not so much that the genes are present in the population and just not being expressed, so much as it is that the genes aren't present any more.

**Tl;dr**

A larger sample size means a greater probability that the sample is representative of the population; while it means more individuals with the dominant phenotype, it should also mean more individuals with the recessive phenotype.

Aside from genetics, population size affects a number of different things such as intraspecific competition. More individuals means more resource use, and since resources are more or less fixed in any given system, it leads to an increase in intraspecific competition for said resources. Increased competition can then lead to things like increased specialization, which can eventually lead to increased speciation provided that the each sub population neither breeds with each other nor the parent population. Even then, all of that depends on the availability of niches, the intensity of interspecific competition for said niches, and other factors such as rates of predation. In this sense, population size doesn’t really dictate any one thing alone, so much as it inter-relates with a number of other different factors in various different ways.

Summary:
Does population size dictate the intensity of natural selection?
&gt; Does population size dictate the intensity of natural selection?
Intensity of natural selection aside, population size is still a factor to be considered.
