Original Response:
I'm mostly talking about the idea that this is the way we should be eating because it was how the paleolithic man ate, and our biological evolution didn't have time to catch up to our change in sources of food once the settling, domestication of animals and all that began.

I'm aware that this question was asked a few times already (maybe not completely the same question, but about the same topic), but the answers there aren't that straightforward. They also aren't very supported and don't seem to meet the quality of the answers we usually get these days.

Also, I understand that it's probably a healthier diet than the average diet of a person living in a western country. I also understand there is probably little to no danger in practicing it. I'm just interested in the "scientific facts" used in support of it.

EDIT: One other thing. This is not a question about following the diet. I'm not interested in following it. This is purely a question about the "scientific support" that the promoters like to use.
The field of nutrition is far from being a scientifically rigorous one, hence the reason why you're not going to get a straightforward answer - because there is none as of yet.

The human body and its interaction with the fuel it consumes and how that affects health and robustness is complex and it's not simply a matter of 1 + 2 = 3.

We're working on best guesses and incomplete theories, of which paleo is one. I will say one thing - any diet that has arbitrary restrictions such as the paleo diet is not going to be the optimal human diet, but it may be a very good one.
I think you'll find many of the answers you're looking for in [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/mboma/how_well_adapted_is_the_human_body_to_consume/) thread.  I might be able to help if you have any further questions about palaeolithic diets.  I'm not much help in terms of dietary science.
Is there sufficient *scientifically rigorous* evidence to even indicate what an optimal human diet might look like?  As far as I'm aware, the only thing that we know "for sure" is that some amount of caloric restriction would help just about everyone who isn't already underweight.
And that vitamins have something to do with it, although we're not sure what.
The people that hype these diets also forget the fact that it was more due to lack of options than a choice for paleolithic man to be malnourished.
There is a fair amount of scientifically rigorous evidence in the field of nutrition, but there is also a lot of gaps and unknowns.

Even if we knew everything about nutrition that there is to know, there is still the matter of gauging how it's going to effect a human's biology on a daily, hourly, etc. basis. A person is not the same person from a biochemical standpoint from day to day and minute to minute. You are constantly in a state of hormonal flux, among other things. This goes for men and women but doubly so for women due to their menstrual cycle.

A true "optimal" diet is likely to be so complex to calculate that it will be similar to the realm of weather prediction. Keep in mind also that it varies by the individual, and by the environment that the individual subjects themselves to and their various activities.

&gt; the only thing that we know "for sure" is that some amount of caloric restriction would help just about everyone who isn't already underweight.

By "help" I'm sure you mean the studies that have shown that caloric restriction leads to some increased longevity, yes? I'll give my same answer that I always do to that: I would rather live 80 years as a lion than 85 years as a lamb. Quality of life is IMO more important than pure maximization of longevity.

There are many interesting avenues of inquiry into the field of nutrition going on, many of them giving us a more complete picture of what's occurring. We're nowhere close to a comprehensive knowledge of this subject, but we're well on the path.

Let me say one more thing: there comes a point of diminishing returns when it comes to nutrition. Unless you're a bodybuilder, doing simple things like balancing your macros, minimizing processed garbage food, maximizing micronutrient-dense food choices such as broccoli, and getting adequate amounts of the 24 essential vitamins and minerals is going to go a long way towards sculpting a good diet.

Summary:
This is not a question about following the diet.
I'm not interested in following it.
I'm just interested in the "scientific facts" used in support of it.
