Original Response:
In other words, when my sick friend wants a sip of my drink and says, "Oh, don't worry, the booze'll kill anything from me", how true is this? Also, what percentage of alcohol would be required (ie. are beer, wine, and weaker cocktails safe, too)?
this article talks about killing off Montezuma's revenge (an amoeba) in drinks, but it is [relevant](http://community.discovery.com/eve/forums/a/tpc/f/7501919888/m/78719028201)
You should also think about a few things: whether the alcohol is killing viruses as well, those being the main source of colds (answer: not as much...alcohol acts by "drying out" bacteria and any other "sack of fluid" type organisms but virii do not have to worry about homeostasis of fluids with the outside world), whether the alcohol that is there *is* being applied to every spot where your friend touched his plague-ridden lips, the difference in time if your friend leaves a little spittle in addition to dry phlegmy bits of mucus.  Each of these will require different amounts of time to kill everything that might make you sick...how about next time just pour out a little of your drink into another cup?
Cool, thanks. Didn't actually drink after anyone, just used a fake example for ease of asking the question.
The amount of alcohol in your drink and the length of time it would be in contact with your potential pathogens would be insufficient to "sterilize" a drink, or the drinking vessel.  While alcohol (particularly ethanol) can be good at sterilizing surfaces, it generally needs to be 70% or more **AND** be in contact with the surface for an appreciable length of time.
To actually sterilize a drink ... I think even a drink that was made of 99% ethyl alcohol would fail to be sterile, just due to the resistance of certain hardened bacterial endospores that have the potential to be anywhere.

I mean, these can be dormant for hundreds of years in the desert, subjected to temperatures above 212F, and still be viable.  The capsule seals them away from environmental abuse, so my educated speculation is that no concentration of alcohol in itself will render something truly sterile without doubt.

Summary:
To actually sterilize a drink ...
