Original Response:
I know there are a huge amount of factors to take into place that may make this almost impossible to answer, but it's something that I've wondered for a while.

So there are lots of different staples of foods that, traditionally, provided the bulk of a society's calories and nutrition. Rice, beans, wheat, maize, oats, lentils, etc.

For example, which one provides the most calories per meter squared per year? Which one has the most edible food, and least waste? Which one provides the best range of nutrition? Which one is the hardiest? Which one is easy to grow (for example, rice looks very difficult to grow)? They obviously suit different climates, but there is huge overlap in these climates. And there are many other things, such as the fact that - correct me if I'm wrong - wheat has to be milled and has to go through a lot of "processes" before it can be consumed. Ultimately, which, of any of the staple crops is the "best"? If you were a farmer, but you decided where you are based, and had to live off one single crop, what would it be?
Well anything organic will cover the 'least amount of waste' criteria.  In terms of overall nutrition and availability, sweet potato or yams are a superfood, and coconuts deliver well rounded nutrition as well.
I think you misunderstood the point of least waste, I think the OP was getting at being able to eat the majority of the biomass of the crop rather than industrial waste. 

With the advent of biotechnology it is possible in the future for a plant to be able to produce higher nutritional value, for example Golden rice was a crop that was introduced into African countries as a crop that also had a high vitamin A(?) content as a high proportion of the population was vitamin A deficient.

At the moment there is no single "staple" crop as each crop has benefits and problems, however some species of the *Amaranthus* genus have been shown to be easy to manage and provide good nutrition as well as use for the majority of the biomass they produce, including vegetative, however there have been no conclusive studies.
Oh, I see, I was looking at it like how corn might have husks which are not of much use. Is there a food that is absorbed into the body almost completely?
If by 'live off one single crop' you mean that crop consists of your complete (or near complete) diet, then you're going to want something with all amino acids present. Buckwheat, or soy are possibilities. 

Once you relax it to pairs of crops, then you open up huge possibilities (rice and beans for example).
&gt;Well anything organic will cover the 'least amount of waste' criteria.

Just because the label says organic does not mean it was grown sustainably.

Often the two are at odds. A large proportion of organic food in america is grown internationally with opaque labor practices and minimal oversight.
well the *Amaranthus* I mentioned can have it's leaves, roots, stems and seeds all consumed and they are all nutritionally beneficial.
Considering the multiple uses, you could likely subsist pretty efficiently off of a crop of half soy and half cannabis.
You are correct about the golden rice.
I would have said avocado, since I've heard they have many things people need to survive. However, grains do make sense, though I would think you'd have to supplement them.
ideas on how to know?
&gt;ideas on how to know?

Shop at stores that tell you where things are grown, and have relationships with local farmers. Pay attention to the seasons, if it is a warm weather food and is on the shelves in january, it ain't local. 

For example, it is cherry season right now in south america. So cherries are back on the shelves in america and will be for the next month or two.

Summary:
Which one has the most edible food, and least waste?
Which one provides the best range of nutrition?
Well anything organic will cover the 'least amount of waste' criteria.
