Original Response:
There seems to be a complete dendritic divide among the scientific and astronomic societies regarding what will happen when our Sun achieves galactic alignment.  With all the hype surrounding our "Solar Maximum" cycle, it seems that a nice "X Class Flare" is the hot topic.  Even if hit by an "X Class Flare," this would not decimate humanity unless, at the same time, we had a very sudden and radical polarity shift; this would leave us exposed to the solar radiation, usually regulated by our magnetosphere which would be thrown into a "reboot" due the reverse polarity. 

So is there any answer to this, or is it still a complete mystery?
I...what?

I don't really know what you're referring to, but I know there's no consensus in the scientific community that there is an impending apocalyptic astronomical event.
Sorry about that; I do not believe in the apocalypse theories.  If you do not mind me asking, which part do you not understand?
You do realize the Earth, Sun and galactic center all line up twice a year right?

Nothing interesting has happened for the past 10 odd billion times it's happened and nothing will probably happen this time. You're reading too much from people who know too little and are simply making stuff up. There is no controversy among professional astronomers.

Solar flares are events that deal with the Sun and is completely independent of any orientations of any orbits.
Well, what does 'galactic alignment' mean, and even if everything else were true and sensible, why would you expect a 'sudden and radical' polarity shift? Assuming you're talking about the orientation of the Earth's magnetic field, this simply doesn't change suddenly, and what would make it more radical than reversal already implies?
[This sounds like its right up there with Nibiru the rogue planet on its way to destroy us.. Baloney](http://news.discovery.com/space/david-morrison-nibiru-2012.html) 


As Carl would say, turn up our baloney detectors.
&gt;There seems to be a complete dendritic divide among the scientific and astronomic societies

Astronomy is a science.

&gt;when our Sun achieves galactic alignment.

One cannot align two points, so no one knows what this means.
Thank you for the corrections.  I can tell from all the critiques, I obviously need much more education before asking questions.  Then again, that seems a bit counter-productive.  Anyhow; thanks for all the help.
Well, I'm really just concerned about the validity of the sources you're reading from that suggested this.  They sound more like crank theories than actual science.
The bulk of my knowledge on our planet and space comes from a Geology Major at TAMUCC, but I did not complete my BS.  Since then; I am relatively picky on sources.  My question should not be misinterpreted as apocalyptic or theoretical in any way.  If nothing is to happen, then that is an answer.  I was simply wondering what the Astronomic Community agreed on regarding this unique correlation of events.  
Having said that, thank you for your concern.
The event this year happens every 25,800 years(on average of course)....I am well aware of the nature of Solar activity; I was simply stating that we will be at our solar maximum. 
However, I take this as an opportunity to learn.  Please let me know what the "Professional Astronomers" are saying regarding this specific event.

Summary:
There seems to be a complete dendritic divide among the scientific and astronomic societies regarding what will happen when our Sun achieves galactic alignment.
&gt;when our Sun achieves galactic alignment.
There is no controversy among professional astronomers.
