Original Response:
As a young adult, I drank heavily and often without atypical reactions (i.e. I would get drunk and occasionally suffer a decent hangover). Over time, I gradually drank alcohol less frequently, and now only drink on special occasions.

I last drank in March of 2011. Then, about a week ago, I went drinking with friends and had about 6 drinks in 2 hours - nothing too over the top, but I came home fairly intoxicated. When I got home, I could feel a headache coming on, and took an Advil with a liter of water before I went to bed. I woke up an hour later with an extremely painful headache (10 out of 10, easily). I ate two more Advil with more water, and went back to bed.

Last night, I went to a New Years' Eve party. I had three beers over the course of three hours, then drove home. I could feel a headache coming on. I took 2 aspirin before bed with two 16 oz bottles of water. I woke up several hours later, again with a very painful headache.

I don't experience any other symptoms of a hangover. No nausea, dizziness, or GI discomfort. Just gnarly headaches that make me want to go slam my head in a door.

I'll be 30 this year, and haven't been a heavy, regular drinker for 5+ years. I take 10-20 mg of Valium every night before bed. When I've been drinking, I take 10mg before bed. I took opiates for about 3 years, and recently stopped taking those with no ill effects.

From what I've read, benzodiazepines can interfere with alcohol receptors in the brain, and opiates can cause liver damage. I don't seem to have any negative symptoms associated with either my current Valium use or my past painkiller use.

Is it possible to develop some negative reaction to alcohol later in life? Could this be a newly developed interaction between the benzodiazepines and the alcohol in my brain? Would alcohol metabolism problems manifest themselves as headaches with no other symptoms?

Summary:
I could feel a headache coming on.
I woke up several hours later, again with a very painful headache.
