Original Response:
Let's say that a person is going to bed at seven in the morning, and waking up at 4 PM later that day. He maintains a regular meal and exercise schedule throughout the night. Is his sleep cycle less healthy than someone who is sleeping the same hours, but at night? Why or why not?
No, if anything, people with a nocturnal sleep cycle need LESS sleep, out of all the nurses I've talked to at work, the average is about 4~6 hours, and everyone is healthy except for a few things here and there. The only problem being of course driving at night and such.
I used to work 12 hour nights and kept the schedule you mentioned more or less for about 10 years.  As long as your body is at peace with it and you don't try to "Live" on both shifts you should be fine.  Switching shifts, however, is a known and documented literal killer - no.  I don't have the sources to link and no... I'm not going to go source them out since the pup just woke me up for a pee at 2damn14 in the AM. 
Oh, and the reason I went to day shift?  Got a dog....Barked all day at noises...I slept not a wink.  She sleeps in the dark, I sleep in the dark.  I bet the same can be said for children.
I would say not as long as they get regular sunshine (Vitamin D).
Several studies mentioned [here](http://www.guardian.co.uk/lifeandstyle/2009/mar/17/night-shifts-health).

&gt; Night shifts might also have detrimental reproductive effects: a Danish study of 40,000 women found that night workers had more chance of having lower-weight babies (and lighter babies have a higher chance of serious health issues, such as respiratory problems or disabilities). These women were also more likely to have pregnancies that lasted longer - raising the risk of stillbirth.

and

&gt; Most studies have concentrated on linking breast cancer with what cancer researchers call the "light-at-night" effect on the body's hormones, and they have consistently found that shift-workers have a higher risk of developing breast cancer than women who work regular daytime hours - on average around a 48% higher risk.
you would be wrong.
Yes. Swing shift workers and night shift workers are at a higher level of cancer risk.

Why is this? Some think that melatonin (only released in the absence of light[ specifically blue and UVA light ONLY]) cycle being out of sync leads to these problems. Other factors exist though too, mice irradiated during their change from subjunctive night to subjective day had a much higher level of tumor formation than those exposed to radiation during 'day' or 'night' time. The interaction between *mPer-2* and *C-myc* it thought to mediate a DNA repair use that is disturbed in this instance.
*Yikes*. Well, that's definitely not what I had hoped to hear, but it answers my question. Thank you.
I'll take a look through that, thank you.

Summary:
She sleeps in the dark, I sleep in the dark.
I don't have the sources to link and no...
Swing shift workers and night shift workers are at a higher level of cancer risk.
