Original Response:
Coatings such as PTFE do not release toxic gases unless under high heat but they do break down over time and repeated low heatings, eventually flaking off into food from the pans. This is stated in the manual for the nonstick rice cooker I just got. 

What I would like to know is, what is happening when the polymers get to that point, peeling off of the cookware? 
Does it peel because pyrolysis occurring, even though it has only been heated at lower temps? 

* Is the stuff that gets into the food safe to ingest? 

* Is there safety information for the other types of nonstick polymers being used besides "Teflon"? 

* How can you differentiate what is on your cookware? 

* Do all the nonstick polymers have the same heating point past which they begin to spread gases, or does the temp vary? 

Thanks very much for any answers.
The coating itself is very inert. This is one reason it is used as such a coating. Ingesting it will have virtually no effect and it will pass through your body intact.

The health concerns (viable or not) come from your food's long-term contact with the heated coating.

A new alternative coating is called "Greenpan", although it is not polymer-based. It is actually just a ceramic/enamel coating.
Interesting. Can you go into some detail on what you mean by the long term contact with the coating? Is there something that could leach into the food, and if it's so inert do these concerns have any scientific basis?
What I meant by "long-term contact" was this: when you cook hundreds of food items on the surface, over months or years, it may be considered long term contact. If there was a leachate, it would leach a small amount each time you cook. I cannot find any studies, however, to confirm that teflon coatings leach under normal cooking temperatures.

A [study](http://www.ewg.org/node/8305) has shown that some coatings begin to degrade after repeated usage at temperatures above 260C (temp of smoking oil). The off gasses have been show to kill small birds. (!) This is a surprise to me...I'm going to be careful not to burn my Teflon pans.

Summary:
The coating itself is very inert.
The health concerns (viable or not) come from your food's long-term contact with the heated coating.
