Original Response:
I just got done watching [Melancholia](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1527186/), an interesting art film about the end of the world. The final scene of the movie shows some people sitting on a hill watching the other planet loom larger and larger until an 'impact' somewhere a few thousand miles away causes a fire wave that kills them.

In the moment leading up to the impact there is some wind and such, but nothing too serious.

Anyways, I wanted to know how accurate that representation was. What exactly would happen in the moments leading up to, and after an impact with a planetary body larger than the earth?

p.s. Not really a spoiler for the movie, as it shows you in the first five minutes the world is toast.

edit: found a [link with a video](http://www.fxguide.com/featured/melancholia-when-worlds-collide-beautifully/) of the final impact; skip to the 5:30 mark.
Someone in another post mentioned Melancholia recently so I watched it as well... couldn't pay attention at all until that final scene.  Anyway, I'm fairly certain the shockwave through the earth would travel faster, much faster than a wave of fire through the atmosphere. Think of it this way: the [speed of sound](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speed_of_sound) through a solid is faster than that through a liquid which is faster than that through air.  

I'm pretty certain the earth would be jostled so hard that our bodies would experience something on par with the most violent car crash you can imagine. If you were opposite the impact you would be thrown down into the earth violently and probably die instantly before really seeing fire consume the crumbling earth around you. If you were tangential to the collision I at first imagined the earth being pushed out from underneath you and you flying horizontally across the surface, but realistically I think the earthbound shockwaves would pretty much splatter you before you moved very far. Again, seeing atmospheric fireballs is unlikely unless the fire is coming from the crust itself.

All in all, I think the movie was fairly accurate if a bit dramatized with fire, and a slowing down of the speed events would actually happen at.
Nice try, Lars!
You would most likely be crushed due to the impact (no matter on what side of the planet). Crushed as in either tossed 100s of feet up to fall back to your death, or swallowed by the massive cracks that would form. If you were not crushed almost immediately you would certainly burn to death.

Summary:
What exactly would happen in the moments leading up to, and after an impact with a planetary body larger than the earth?
All in all, I think the movie was fairly accurate if a bit dramatized with fire, and a slowing down of the speed events would actually happen at.
