Original Response:
What is the current general consensus in science regarding this hypothesis?
You're mixing together different hypotheses/interpretations.
You could say the probability is 1, but it is expressed as 'almost surely'. When you deal with infinities, not everything that can happen also does happen. If I had to bet on there being a second Earth, I would bet against it, even though mathematically under your given conditions (be they in touch with reality or not) a naive viewing might leave no doubt that there are doppelganger Earthlings living their 21st century lives somewhere beyond the particle horizon.

Infinities don't play as nice as you'd expect them to.
It's a logical fallacy. 

We don't know if the universe is infinite, because we can only observe events coming into range at the speed of light, and we're drifting apart at a relative speed faster than that (preserving general relativity because no single impulse is FTL, it's simply traveling in opposite directions).

But let's ASSUME, for the sake of argument, that the universe itself is infinite.

Because we haven't been able to observe this phenomenon, we don't know the quantum impact of an infinite universe... for example, nobody is saying that just because the universe itself might be infinite, that the distribution of MATTER is also infinite!

Matter might be a more localized manifestation. That infinity might be filled with energy, weaker and weaker as it radiates out, and then perhaps dark matter, and then perhaps void. There can still be Universe with nothing present to 'fill' it. We simply don't know.
By homogeneous, the OP wants us to assume that the matter distribution is roughly the same everywhere.
And I'm saying, it's an impossible assumption to make. In case 1, you can't assume infinity. In case 2, you can't assume homogeneity. IN a nutshell, this is Ask Science, not Ask Science Fiction.
Some people consider science as including the practice of a) making a set of logically consistent assumptions and then b) determining what the possible measurable outcomes are of said assumptions. 

Could you elaborate on why you think the OP's assumptions are inconsistent?
&gt;You could say the probability is 1, but it is expressed as 'almost surely'.

I'm not sure that this is true. Yes, the universe may contain an infinite number of planets. You'd have to consider, though, that there'd exist an infinite number of possible configurations for the space that made up that planet. 

That would make the probability of any single configuration (ours, for example) indeterminate.
Seeing how we're knee-deep in this already, let's also not forget that "the space up that made up that planet" cannot have an infinite number of possible configurations. Stupendously large by all accounts, yes, but not infinite. There's only so many different stable-enough nucleons that could form the basis for abiogenesis, and all these elements cannot occupy a ball any more massive than roughly 80 Jupiter masses, or else they would form a brown dwarf far too soon for chemistry to dance its long-term life-giving limbo dance.

Don't forget that we expect all of the Universe, despite its potential infinity, to chug along according to the rules of physics, which put quite a rigid cap on wilder ventures. But if you throw this assumption out, however unwise that may be, we get a free-for-all and all-you-can-spew speculation buffet, and all bets are off.
I can't really tl;dr this thought, or I would. Furthermore this is a largely non-scientific interpretation (not a science student), so bear with me.

The universe has to be finite. HAS to be. If it is constantly expanding, that certainly implies a limit. The universe cannot be infinite, then continue expanding BEYOND infinity.

Now, my understanding is that the universe expands at a much faster rate than the speed of light. Thus it is utterly impossible for any entity without faster-than-light technology to ever detect any "end" part of the universe. This invites speculation that the possibility of an infinite universe still remains, since effectively, we will never know. But, as stated in my first point, I feel the universe's constant expansion debunks this notion. Comments (especially an educated response) are more than welcome.

As a side note, I would like a more in-depth explanation as to how an infinte universe could contain virtually nothing, as stated by some previous redditors. Correct, if it is truly infinite, it could just be infinitely expanding void with no anomolies whatsoever. There's no way to tell...
However, this indicates the emergence of life in our solar system is an exclusive and one-time only event. Life is now as much a part of the working universe as gravity and magnetic fields, albeit a much rarer phenomenon. Allow me to use a metaphor;
The dice were rolled an incomprehensible number of times, yet only once did they ever show "life." For the bigger part of the universe, the dice showed "void." However, even if the odds are extraordinarily low, "life" is still an outcome. If the universe is infinite, there are no odds anymore. You get infinite dice rolls. You could roll "void" a google times a google times in a row, but if life is a possibility, it WILL come up again, given infinite opportunity. I hope that's not too wacky a way of putting it. Again, any educated responses are more than welcome.

Summary:
The universe cannot be infinite, then continue expanding BEYOND infinity.
Yes, the universe may contain an infinite number of planets.
If the universe is infinite, there are no odds anymore.
You get infinite dice rolls.
In case 1, you can't assume infinity.
