Original Response:
My dad was recently rushed to the hospital for a heart attack.  The weird thing was, it was a heart attack he had months ago and didn't even notice.  How did they even know that?

The next weird thing, they were going to put a stent in, but the vessel was completely blocked, and he had sufficient collateral circulation, so they did...nothing.  They are changing his blood pressure meds and sending him to cardio rehab, but I am having trouble wrapping my head around having a heart attack, not noticing, being rushed to hospital months later, where they do...nothing. 

Disclaimer:  My dad is under the care of a physician whom we will be relying upon for all medical advice.  This is for my personal understanding only.
Typically one of the larger arteries supplying the heart muscles with blood is completely or partially blocked by plaque or a blot clot. This hinders oxygen supply to the heart itself (not the inner chambers, but the muscles that make the heart pump). These muscles will have trouble functioning with diminished oxygen supply, and essentially stop working. This can obviously lead to a full shut down of the heart and death. In a case like your dad's, where an attack wasn't noticed, a smaller vessel was fully blocked, other blood vessels where able to keep the heart alive.
A heart attack, (myocardial infarction) occurs when one or more of the coronary arteries, which supply the heart muscle, become blocked. The area of heart muscle which is being supplied does not get enough oxygen and so dies.

There are a number of problems that this can lead to, but the major ones are the heart becoming inefficient as a pump, causing heart failure, or the internal wiring that keeps the heart beating becoming damaged which can make the heart beat erratically or even stop.

A heart attack usually causes chest pain when it occurs, but occasionally there may be no pain at all - a so called silent MI. These can often be picked up after the event by observing abnormalities on the patients ECG, or Echocardiogram.

If a patients is having, or has had a heart attack, then it is usual to examine the coronary arteries by performing a coronary angiogram. In the early stages of the heart attack if there is a single major blockage, then opening it up may reduce the damage downstream, if the muscle is not entirely dead. Even if it is well after the event, then treating blocks may prevent further heart attacks. However, to treat a block effectively,you want the artery past the block to be normal. Sometimes though, you find the whole artery is abnormal and constricted, and there is not a single short block that you can "unplug". In those cases there is no benefit to placing a stent.
A myocardial infarction(MI/heart attack) occurs when there is a blockage in one of the coronary vessels supplying the muscles of the heart.  A typical presentation is crushing chest pain that radiates up to your jaw and down your left arm.

When a blood vessel is occluded, the myocardial tissue undergoes hypoxic damage leading to cellular swelling and ultimately cell death.  The typical treatment is to attempt to restore blood flow to the tissue before irreversible cell death occurs.  This can be done through medicine that try and dissolve the blockage (tPA) or more invasive procedures such as stenting or coronary artery bypass graft(CABG).

There are mainly two types of myocardial infarctions, subendocardial(not full thickness of the heart wall) and transmural(full thickness of the heart wall).  Subendocardial infarctions are minor compared to transmural, and can present with very nonspecific symptoms such as heart burn(the pain for gastric reflux is located in the same area as a heart attack) or even no symptoms at all.  These can be found incidentally during a physical examination(ECG, echocardiography and perfusion tests).  Treatment for them should be advising the patient to adjust their lifestyle and putting them on necessary medication.  A currently asymptomatic patient with a previous MI should be observed by a cardiologist and take measures to reduce his risk of reinfarction or of a new infarction.

Transmural infarcts are more dangerous since they involve a larger area of heart tissue and therefor usually have a classic presentation.

You should talk to your dad's Cardiologist and he can educate you on why they decided to treat him the way they did.  You can even ask your dad as he should have been educated on his condition and risk factors he should stay away from.

Summary:
A myocardial infarction(MI/heart attack) occurs when there is a blockage in one of the coronary vessels supplying the muscles of the heart.
Even if it is well after the event, then treating blocks may prevent further heart attacks.
A heart attack, (myocardial infarction) occurs when one or more of the coronary arteries, which supply the heart muscle, become blocked.
