Original Response:
On related note, why do we sleep at all? Seems like a negative trait, being unaware and vulnerable.
This has bothered me my entire life. I'm a 'philosophically induced insomniac' insofar as I've deemed it a total waste of time and, yeah, in the context of survival, a serious liability.
Your question seems to imply that there must be evolutionary benefit/pressure to  sleepwalking. 

There don't have to be evolutionary reason or benefit for every trait we have. Some are just "corner cases" from other traits or their combinations. Trait may have negative effect for survival, but there may not be evolutionary path that could remove it without removing some beneficial traits.  As long as  gains outweigh the negatives, things stay that way. 

It's also possible that sleepwalking is just defect and is gradually removed from our gene pool. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sleep_walking#Causes

&gt;Several experts theorize that the development of sleepwalking in childhood is due to a delay in maturation. There are also high-voltage delta waves in somnambulists up to 17 years of age. This presence might suggest an immaturity in the central nervous system, also a possible cause of sleepwalking.[4] Sleepwalking is clustered in families, and the percentage of childhood sleepwalking increases to 45% if one parent was affected, and 60% if both parents were affected. However, there is no recorded preference to male or female individuals.[10] Thus, heritable factors appear to predispose an individual to develop sleepwalking, but expression of the trait may be also influenced by environmental factors.[15] Other precipitating factors to sleepwalking are those factors which increase the slow wave sleep stage.[16] These most commonly include sleep deprivation, fever, and excessive tiredness. The use of some neuroleptics or hypnotics can also cause sleepwalking to occur.[17]
[edit]
I'm not an expert, but simply interested in the topic. The important parts of sleep are the rem cycles, this is when your brain processes your experiences of the day and is viral in forming long term memories.

the brain sleeps for 8 hours usually but only visits that stage of sleep for a fraction of the time. I suppose we waste so much time do to a combination of embodiment and society. On one hand, we are not nocturnal so being awake during night isn't that useful and sleeping I'm groups helps keep us safe from predators. On the other hand, modern times had reinforced a work day so people are encouraged to sleep early in order to maximize day light a a productive member of society.

I think e only really need a few hours of REM sleep but we can't easily get it when we want it since the brain goes through cycles in between 20 minute  REM sleep. Some people advocate only sleeping 20 minutes every 4 hours to train our sleep cycles to activate REM instantly. But it requires alot of flexibility in your life

Summary:
On related note, why do we sleep at all?
The use of some neuroleptics or hypnotics can also cause sleepwalking to occur.
