Original Response:
I'm expecting this post to draw a lot of anger, but what brought me to even ponder it was last night I was debating how Jerry Sandusky is a mentally sick individual and it got me to thinking about what would make someone sick in that way.  Then today I was reading how grown men used to be expected to pair off with and love young boys in Ancient Greece and how the Greeks are normally regarded as intelligent philosophers who fostered our natural desires.  So, as much as I'm stunned and disgusted by the notion of a man loving a boy, is there anything to say that this impulse isn't a natural impulse for men?  Just as I believe sexual orientation is biologically chosen, could some of us also be programmed to find children attractive or is this behavior solely the result of the individual or the individuals experiences?  Does this sort of behavior exist in the wild?  I know homosexuality is throughout the natural world, is child loving?  Certainly without the social constraints and higher thinking/social level there wouldn't the associated taboo and some [male mammals already have sex with juvenile females](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Animal_sexual_behaviour#Sex_between_adults_and_juveniles); so what would be the benefit of having this behavior programmed into an animal?  

**I'm not trying to defend the behavior, I still condemn it, I'm just trying to better understand it.**
I dont have a good answer for your main statement, so I wont speculate, but I do want to point out your statement that homosexuality is genetically chosen. 

There are numerous other aspects to an organism other than its genetics that affect behavior and development, such as epigenetics and hormones. Given my education of evolution, I would be amazed if homosexuality had a (primary) genetic basis and would be much more inclined to belive that it is a result of epigenetic changes during early development and/or hormonal changes from a different source such as maternal interactions in the womb.
Define "natural".
I agree with your statements, genetic was the wrong word to use, I've changed it to biologically.
A programmed response, something that is rooted in our evolution because at one point this behavior presented some sort of function, whether social or biological.
Not a study but neoteny might shed some light for you


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neoteny


&gt;elbert D. Thiessen claimed that Homo Sapiens are more neotenized than Homo Erectus, Homo Erectus was more neotenized than Australopithicus, Great Apes are more neotenized than Old World monkeys and Old World monkeys are more neotenized than New World monkeys.[16]

Summary:
I know homosexuality is throughout the natural world, is child loving?
