Original Response:
They're already here maaaaaaaaaaaan!
Do I *think* there is plan in place? No.  What will the reaction be? Fear, Uncertainty and Unbridled Aggression.  I think that the poor creatures that make First Contact with us will be swiss cheese before you can say "Zefram Cochrane", regardless of their intentions.
Assuming they can travel the distances required to make contact, I'd assume they would outgun us as well.
OK, Assuming that they don't have aggressive intentions, the *first* being to make First Contact will be swiss cheese.  The Second will rip us a new one.
I read a book called Zombie Nation in which there was a character who was basically a crackpot conspiracy nut who's job it was to come up with full outlines in case of any crazy disaster. Aliens, zombies, ghosts, etc, this gal sat in a basement and wrote up huge documents on what to do. I figure the government probably has some guy buried somewhere working on these types of things, JUST IN CASE.
The first thing they would do is hide it, maybe they already have. If contact was made from the Alien side, hopefully it wouldn't go down like in the new remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still.
Google "Brookings Report" + "aliens"

Have fun.
Honestly I don't think there would be global hysteria, at least not in the form of rioting, looting, etc. I think that science-fiction has permeated Western culture (No idea about China/India) and some of East Asia to the point that many people would be surprised but not totally unfamiliar with the idea of extraterrestrial life. In the event of this discovery, these developed countries could help out their neighbors with any problems they might have. 

On the other hand, a whole lot of the world is already basically in chaos, ruin, or underdevelopment and the US Government doesn't really seem to be able to deal with it.
There are people who come up with plans in the event that we discover aliens; they might have something up their sleeve.

http://www.guardian.co.uk/global/2010/mar/06/paul-davies-aliens-welcome-jon-ronson

Summary:
The first thing they would do is hide it, maybe they already have.
Do I *think* there is plan in place?
