Original Response:
My understanding is that when light is detected, the brain decreases the production of melatonin. Are there certain frequencies of light that have the strongest effect on this decrease, and others with the weakest? For example, would it be easier to stay asleep in a room with blue tinted windows compared to red tinted?
Short answer: Yes, blue light in the hours prior to sleep onset seems to suppress melatonin production, delay sleep onset, and subsequently alters patterns of sleep during the night.  [Supported by a recent study](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1600-079X.2011.00970.x/full) (the most comprehensive study on the topic to date).
So, the antithesis of this would be having red light to promote melatonin production? I could only find references to blue light in the study, but I don't understand medical journals very well.
No, sorry for any confusion.  As far as I'm aware and have read, regardless of frequency, light will suppress the production of melatonin.  However suppression varies greatly as a function of the amount of blue light; more blue= more suppression, less blue = less suppression, dim/minimal artificial light of any frequency = very little suppression.
ah ha. Thanks for clarification. Is there any particular reason they chose blue light to test this?
In simplicity, light stimulates certain cells that are sensitive to light (aptly named photoreceptors).  Different photoreceptors have different sensitivities to frequencies of light.  Past research has suggested that the melanopsin system (which is hypothesized to be related to melatonin production) is most sensitive to blue light frequencies.
So will putting a red filter over a reading lamp do anything?
Well, here's where your expertise comes in.  I have no knowledge of physics and couldn't tell you if/how much putting a red filter over a reading lamp will actually reduce the blue light emitted, but if it does filter it significantly, I can tell you that limiting your exposure to blue light starting about 2-3 hours before bed should have an effect on improving ease of sleep onset and quality of sleep.
I will preface this by saying that I'm a layperson with a recent interest in melatonin. I know that some long-distance truck cabs have blue lights installed in them to do exactly what Brain_Doc82 has suggested; that is, suppress melatonin production in the drivers at night to keep them more awake ([source](http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn13491-blue-leds-to-reset-tired-truckers-body-clocks.html)).

Anecdotally, there is a computer program called F.lux, which shifts your monitor's output closer to the red end of our visible spectrum (less blue light) for this same reason. There are some really interesting links on their [web page](http://stereopsis.com/flux/research.html).
If red LEDs were used instead, there would be virtually no blue light. Most coloured LEDs have a narrow spectrum.
I don't think this is correct. I've taken a class on this and it is my understanding that melatonin is created in the absence of light and a brief light pulse can reset the melatonin production cycle. Specifically, melatonin is produced by your pineal gland which gets its signal from  the SCN (superchiasmatic nucleus, which is above the optic chiasm. Chiasm means crossing and is the greek letter for X.). Input to the SCN is dependant in signals from your intrinsically photosensitive retinal ganglion cells, which senses *only a narrow range of light*, that being the blue part of the visible light spectrum with a small shoulder in the UV range. The proteins that sense this light arose first as a photolyase that mediated DNA repair in non placental mammals and was copied in a whole genome duplication event.

In addition, before this was known the astronauts in the ISS and skylab were subject to lights with intensities of up to 20 thousand lumens in order to re-enforce the 24 hour day in a rapidly-light-changing environment.  Nowadays they just use light with a higher output in the blue range and use red lights at night to keep space-men entrained to earth's day-cycle
&gt;which senses only a narrow range of light

You are correct that the RGC's in the melanopsin system are *most sensitive* to color frequencies near the blue spectrum (peak sensitivities have been estimated between 420-480 nm).  However, if you read the very recent (Oct 2011) study I linked to above, you'll see that differences in melatonin suppression were seen in the Near Darkness vs. Blue-Depleted conditions, suggesting that even light depleted of blue spectral frequencies has an effect on melatonin production.  This does go in the face of what was previously hypothesized (that those specific RGC's were only sensitive to blue light) and so that's likely why your class taught you something different.
Yes, thank you; very interesting.

Summary:
Different photoreceptors have different sensitivities to frequencies of light.
So, the antithesis of this would be having red light to promote melatonin production?
Past research has suggested that the melanopsin system (which is hypothesized to be related to melatonin production) is most sensitive to blue light frequencies.
