Original Response:
Are we, humans, still evolving in the modern age despite not having to hunt/search for food and water/fight, etc?
Yes. Evolving has nothing to do with the fact of hunting.
Well, one could argue that because we save the life of every person born and compensate for the weaknesses of everyone (immunizations, open heart surgery, etc) that Natural Selection no longer occurs.

I don't know what effect this has on mutations and evolution, however. Perhaps it speeds up Evolution by making Mutations more likely (higher volume of people to have a chance of mutating a gene) and also less likely to prevent breeding?
Survival is irrelevant. Reproduction is the only thing that matters. Thus lonely redditors are selected against and will eventually become extinct.
I thought I was the only one, who realizes this ... Nice to see, I was wrong ;-)
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sure.

The evolutionary pressures are changing, so we are evolving *differently* than before...for many of us, typing is probably more important to survival than hunting.  But we are still evolving nonetheless.
Yes, but *very* slowly.  As long as there is any association between a genetic trait and relative reproductive fitness there will be selection pressure and evolution.  Selection pressure is proportional to the covariance between an allele and the relative fitness of that allele vs other alleles of the same gene. Modern society reduces relative fitness differences between alleles in many ways; relative fitness changes dramatically only if the allele kills you or causes you to have many more children.  Lots of things that would have killed you don't anymore, and people tend not to have huge numbers of kids.  So, the selection pressures are probably a bit weaker now, although things like sexual selection are still probably going strong.

However, none of that actually matters because evolution is *slow*.  It operates on time scales of hundreds of generations for strong selection pressures.  Even a 1% increase in relative fitness is considered strong by historical standards, with most selection pressures though to be more like 0.1% or less.  That translates to a fixation time of a brand new allele of 2000 generations for the current human population size.  Even if we assume an absolutely ridiculously strong selection pressure of 100% (doubles your odds of reproducing or your number of kids), it takes 32 generations for a novel allele to go to fixation, or about 600 years.

We will have widespread human genetic engineering within 600 years, at which point evolution goes out the window.
Yes we are, but in which direction I would say is largely unknown.  Since we cultually adapt to every environment, (e.g. I can be in a home wearing shorts and t-shirt and the outside temp is -40 degrees)  I wouldn't need to evolve more body hair to help stay warm.  

In addition to this, our population is very mobile which means we have our genetics are mixing all over the world, so we wont be seeing another species popup very easily.
Genetic abnormalities will always occur, purely because of the error rate in base substitutions. However, there is a caveat to this. When/if we (as humans) get to a point where you and your spouse can go down to the local geneticist and have both your genomes sequenced and then choose the genes that you want your child to have (say selecting against your genetic disposition to heart disease and selecting for a beneficial mutation that the other one has), then we will effectively be considered a different species all together (some call it Homo evolutis, as suggested by Juan Enriquez here:http://www.ted.com/talks/juan_enriquez_shares_mindboggling_new_science.html).

For those who don't want to watch the video, he effectively says that when we are advanced enough in technology to control our own genetic outcome, we become a new species - Homo evolutis. Interesting point to think about. 


In all, evolution will always play a role wherever there is life (just maybe not as big of a role in human lives soon) and selective pressures/forces that drive it (life, that is).
We are still changing, just not on selective pressure we can actively identify very easily.
Evolution is essentially the change of genotypic frequency of populations *over several generations.*  But the lonely redditor, whether s/he is the result of some purported socioevolutionary population control mechanism, does not contribute to the genotype of subsequent generations.  The lonely redditor, along with his/her potential contribution to the gene pool of future generations, is never realized.  An evolutionary dead end--and that is the 'extinction' that flex is referring to.
This is really interesting, thanks. I was actually wondering at what point we became a new species.

Summary:
I don't know what effect this has on mutations and evolution, however.
We are still changing, just not on selective pressure we can actively identify very easily.
As long as there is any association between a genetic trait and relative reproductive fitness there will be selection pressure and evolution.
But we are still evolving nonetheless.
