Original Response:
To elaborate....

My girlfriend and a friend of mine are always going on and on about how much science doesn't know and trying to use that idea to support their supernatural inclinations.  They'll say things like, "We know a lot, but we don't know everything, and there's a lot of stuff we just can't explain at all"  [therefore, it's possible that this outlandish thing I'm saying might as well be true].  

I feel pretty strongly that they are wrong, and that most of everyday reality is more or less figured out, and yea, some of the big stuff is still not perfectly explained (unification of physics, to name one) - but we DO know how almost everything works.

Please, if you could, provide a list of the things we KNOW we don't know, so that I may quote from it and show that the "phenomena" they are talking about don't appear on that list, but instead appear on the "WE FIGURED THAT OUT ALREADY, GET OFF THE ARMCHAIR, SPECULATOR" list. 

thanks!
Basically I'm just looking for the "known mysteries" that are still being worked on.
We know we don't know a lot of stuff. I don't think such a list exists, or could exist, since we know less than we what don't know.

It would be better to give us some questions that we could collectively debunk.
Firstly I'd say let them believe what they want.

Secondly I'd suggest you learn about scientific modelling and teach them about that instead of just listing random facts you've read from some list on the Internet.
Everything.  

We don't know everything about anything, so everything is a known mystery.
See, the issue here is that it's actually a VERY short list.

We don't know the 'cause' of the Big Bang.

We don't know why particles have mass.

We don't know whether the universe is truly deterministic.

Beyond that, most of what we don't know is details.

That's where most of the scientific research is, in the details.
For physics you could start with this: [List of unsolved problems in physics](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_unsolved_problems_in_physics)
&gt;I feel pretty strongly that they are wrong, and that most of everyday reality is more or less figured out,

Um, you would be incorrect.  For two reasons:

* Just because science has described/named a phenomenon, does not mean that it is "figured out."  There are still a lot of unknowns about relatively common things like lightning.  Or gravity.  Heck, medicine is mostly just trial and error.  I.e., while science knows that drug "A" works, it typically doesn't know the biochemistry of why and how it works.

* It's really tough to know what you don't know.  Not only because you don't know it, but often you don't know you don't know it because your world view prohibits you from knowing that you don't know it.  More simply, history has shown that it is foolhardy to assume that no more paradigm-shifting discoveries are going to be made.  E.g., at one time scientists were quite convinced that Newtonian physics would be the explanation for most everything.  Turns out, not really.  Newtonian physics can't even properly explain a fluorescent light bulb.

But, to take your side, the real problem with most, er, *metaphysical phenomena* is that they actually have been studied by science, and they don't exist.  I don't mean that science can't explain them--science can't even find them.  

(A scientist shouldn't reject ideas out of hand.  He or she should think of a way to test the idea.   "You say the sun rises because of a magic rooster?  Okay.  Show me this magic rooster.  He's invisible?  Well, let's weigh him.  Not effected by gravity, eh?  Well, we can just push him and measure his inertia, and deduce his mass.  Disintegrating force field?  Really?  That could be useful... let's pour a stream of particles of known--Laser beam eyes?  Nasty attitude, you say?  Hmmm... can you show me the bodies of these people he's killed?  Eat's them?  He is a right bastard, isn't he?  Hmmmm... okay, look, maybe we should start seeing other people?")

Anything you believe in for which there is no objective evidence is called "religion," and it's silly to argue over religion.  Either you have faith or you don't.
Either you want to beat your friend and girlfriend in an argument or you want them to listen to new ideas and reason. You can't easily have both, and if you do they'll probably resent you at least a little for forcing them to face something they're not yet comfortable with, and then they might end up backtracking. 

The first place to start is by validating their desire for the supernatural and the profound. Cold reading and star signs and all that crap are tools of psychology, you can use that as a starting place to teach them about how to use reason, but you would be giving yourself unnecessary work and greif if you just try to go straight into logic and reason.
Don't assume that's what I do.
I don't care to beat them in arguments.  I want them to understand why it shakes me up so much to hear unfounded claims.
I was a little drunk last night and didn't phrase all that very well...

Something that came up yesterday was the coincidence of thinking of an old friend and then that friend calls immediate after.  I spent some time explaining how I think it is explained, then looked up a lot of articles on statistics and common misunderstandings.  Still, after all that I feel like she was pretty sure it is a premonition.  I don't mind or care if she believes that, but I wanted to be sure she saw my angle and understood as well as I understood hers.
I appreciate your reply.  

&gt;Heck, medicine is mostly just trial and error. I.e., while science knows that drug "A" works, it typically doesn't know the biochemistry of why and how it works.

I see what you're saying here, but what I'm saying is that we know that doing a certain dance doesn't kill disease - those drugs you're talking about do.  Maybe we don't know the biochemistry of how it works exactly, but the cause and effect is pretty clear.  As opposed to, say, homeopathic dilutions with 1 part per million of elder berry or whatever it is.  You know?


And I wasn't talking about *unknown unknowns*.  I was referring to Known problems.  Like the [List of unsolved problems in physics](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_unsolved_problems_in_physics) that firik provided.  I couldn't find it yesterday for some reason.

Thanks everyone
Scientifically, we still have to ask ourselves, "Fucking magnets, how do they work?"
Then you're going to have to start by acknowledging their perspective. A fact of human psychology is that we're a LOT more willing to accept new ideas that might go against what we currently believe if our current beliefs are validated in some way.
[deleted]
Actually I think its a bit different. We know a lot of the "fundamental stuff" but we don't know about the interactions between things on a much higher level/less fundamental level.
Out of curiosity: how old are you?
Right...the details.
25
I don't follow your faulty logic there.
It's not faulty logic, though it is confusing.

Any phenomenon that science seeks to explain is explained by making predictive models.  These predictive models are built by taking all the known evidence, and building a hypothesis to describe the function behind the phenomenon in the simplest form possible.  It is verified as *not being wrong* through testing predictions or retrodictions made by the model.

These hypothesis are never proven correct, they are just not proven wrong over and over until such time as evidence is found which causes the hypothesis to be shown incomplete - i.e., it no longer accounts effectively for our new evidence, and needs to be modified or thrown away to account for this evidence.

As such, there are no scientific theories which can be considered Truth with a capital T.  They are all well-tested hypotheses which may not actually include all possible evidence - just all the evidence we currently know about.  To that end, everything that science knows may very well be lacking.

Therefor, everything that is known, is still a mystery to a degree.  Some things are just less mysterious than others.
I see what you mean.  Preempting that response, I had asked for a list of known unknowns.  like the list of unsolved problems in physics.  Things scientists know that we need to figure out, not currently strong hypotheses that are awaiting some possible future revision.
Ah, the big questions.

That list is a lot smaller than it used to be, but there are still some big ones.  The how of gravity, unifying QM and relativity, abiogenesis and early heredity molecules, the source of consciousness, the amount of consciousness in non-human creatures, the cause of dreaming.

How to test for intelligence without being effected by culture or presence of education.

A big one going on now is nearly a meta-question to science: the conflicting needs of funding and open-access to results and methods for verification.  Should we force people to pay for journal access, limiting that access to only those with lots of money?  If not, and we open results to everyone, who pays for the journals?  In particular, if the gov't has helped fund the research, should the public get free access to the results?  Immediately or should there be an embargo time period to let the researchers benefit more from their work?
Thanks for the insight. I appreciate the non-physics-related responses as well. Most of the comments have been about physics - which makes sense, but I'm interested in the other stuff as well. 

Also, the journal and public access to research is an interesting question that I didn't expect to come up but I'm happy to have brought up in this light.

Summary:
We know we don't know a lot of stuff.
Don't assume that's what I do.
We don't know why particles have mass.
I see what you mean.
We don't know the 'cause' of the Big Bang.
I don't think such a list exists, or could exist, since we know less than we what don't know.
Beyond that, most of what we don't know is details.
like the list of unsolved problems in physics.
We don't know everything about anything, so everything is a known mystery.
I was referring to Known problems.
I don't care to beat them in arguments.
