Original Response:
I've been wondering about this for a while. With the responses to the spill problem being seemingly more or less futile, could nature somehow step in and embrace the oily ocean as a new habitat? Can we expect an invasion of hideous oily mutants? Have I been watching too many movies?
&gt;Have I been watching too many movies?

Bingo.

Nature already has "adapted".  Lots of things died.  And so it goes.

You see, Nature rolls on no matter what we humans do.  Nature has no values, or goals, or any of the abstractions we try to project on it.  Nature is What Happens.

Will something take advantage of all the petroleum muck in Gulf?  I doubt it.  AFAIK, there was never anything in nature that made use of the naturally-occurring petroleum in the the streams of western Pennsylvania ('cept for the people).  Presumably petroleum is just not very biochemically useful goop.

Besides, on the scale of Natural History, the BP disaster is a very, very tiny blip.
Thank you, good sir, for your answer.  
You are both wise and kind.
I already know that chances of something adapting to the current state of the gulf coast is unrealistic but never doubt that nothing will take advantage of it.

Organism need to adapt to their surroundings in order to survive, that's how evolution works. When one thing can't benefit another will and it will become dominate. Who knows, there could be a 'mutant' out there that is benefiting from this while the wild type is not. Chancing of it being complex multicellular would be rare and so i will stick with unicellular or very simple mutilcellular.
&gt;Organism need to adapt to their surroundings in order to survive, that's how evolution works.

Um, no, it's not.  Organisms do not "adapt."  They eat, shit, reproduce, then die.  Historically, when you dump a bunch of petroleum on them, they just do that last one.  Re: Prince William Sound.

&gt;Who knows, there could be a 'mutant' out there that is benefiting from this while the wild type is not. 

It'd be surprising.  AFAIK, no organism has ever taken advantage of petroleum before.  (Well, besides people.)  Just because you dump something into an environment does mean that something else will *ipso facto* take advantage of it.  E.g., the environment is littered with limestone, but nothing eats it.  

Compounds are either are or aren't biochemically useful.  Petroleum is nothing new, and it's therefore unlikely that some new biological use for it will suddenly appear just because we've dumped a lot more of it than we normally do into the Gulf.
Sure it could.  Just give it a couple million years.
&gt;Organisms do not "adapt." They eat, shit, reproduce, then die.

How would they be able to eat if they do not adapt to their surroundings. Do we need to pull out a book and look at the Finches example Darwin observed? Each bird had adapted to its surround and food source was one of them - large and small beaks? They didn't magically appear. Without you eating, you wouldn't be reproducing or shitting and just die. 

What about all these studies with bacteria that can eat oil? You do know that there is also oil sands out there and open oil/tar pits, giving a chance for organisms to possible use it. If you haven't looked into it yet, search up extreamophiles, thermophiles etc. There are many places where life exist where we imagine not to. If bacteria can live while being bombarded with constant raditaion in a nuclear plant, or live in pool of acid, I am pretty sure there will be something that can live/survive in petroleum/oil.
There's radiation-eating fungus growing on the walls of the Chernobyl reactor... so anything's possible, I guess.

See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radiotrophic_fungus
I don't know...
I'm not a biologist, but I would guess some micro-organisms bacteria that can break down the oil will thrive and undergo minor mutations to better breakdown the abundant oil in their environment.

That said unless you expect BP not to stop the spill for a million years or more, I doubt you will get any new large animal to evolve with specific adaptations to the environment (unless there is a shortcut with a pre-existing trait on an existant animal).
&gt; Will something take advantage of all the petroleum muck in Gulf? I doubt it. AFAIK, there was never anything in nature that made use of the naturally-occurring petroleum in the the streams of western Pennsylvania ('cept for the people). Presumably petroleum is just not very biochemically useful goop.

There is known bacteria that eats petro-chemicals.
That is really fascinating.

Thanks for the link.

Summary:
Will something take advantage of all the petroleum muck in Gulf?
They eat, shit, reproduce, then die.
Presumably petroleum is just not very biochemically useful goop.
&gt; Will something take advantage of all the petroleum muck in Gulf?
Organism need to adapt to their surroundings in order to survive, that's how evolution works.
AFAIK, there was never anything in nature that made use of the naturally-occurring petroleum in the the streams of western Pennsylvania ('cept for the people).
