Original Response:
what do you mean? all the stringed instruments I can think of require more dexterity in the right hand if played the traditional way.
Because for the most part, melodies and harmonies are created by the left hand, and doing crazier things with the left hand opens up the possibilities for those. You can do a lot with the right hand as well (see, for example, flamenco guitar), and that really opens up the instrument as well, especially rhythmically, but it can't create the same range of harmonies that the left hand does.
As a violinist, I once tried to play the opposite way and had an impossible time holding the bow and maintaining the right amount of pressure.  Of course I'm sure I had a really hard time when I first played the traditional way, too...
&gt; for the most part, melodies and harmonies are created by the left hand

What does that mean?
Think about a guitar. It has six strings, so the right hand has a choice of, at most, six notes to play. But the left hand can go up and down the neck, giving it up to 20 or so choices of notes to play for each string, constrained, of course, by the fact that hands only stretch so far.
But the question was why don't you flip it so that you play the fretboard with the right hand since that would theoretically be easier, wasn't it?
This question was asked in another forum [here](http://www.last-word.com/content_handling/show_tree/tree_id/2503.html) and the top answer there was 

&gt;It must be that the right hemishere of the brain, is better suited to drawing from a musicians analysis, as to what chords will work, and imagination, as to what notes will evoke feeling in a melody or an improvisation, and expressing them.
Since the right hemishere controls the left hand, you fret the chords and notes with the left hand.
The left side of the brain, is better suited to the more practical, logical, need to stay in time with the music and with other  musicians, so the strumming and picking are done with the right hand.
It must all be reversed for left handers or they would play the same way.
What about a guitar? Most of the skill is based around the fretboard with the left hand unless you are doing some ridiculous fingerpicking flamenco style thing.
Ah. Got it.

For fingerpicking - which is how most of these instruments developed - even though there's a lot of "hard work" on the left hand, most of the things which require dexterity are in the right hand. Try playing classical or flamenco guitar and you'll see what I mean!
I was under the impression that aside from harps (which use both hands), the first stringed instruments were played using a bow.  I'm a violinist myself so that's where my mind went first.
It's often assumed that the left hand requires more dexterity, but I don't actually know if that is the case, having played violin and guitar.

If you assume instead that right handed people use the right hands for the tasks which require the most dexterity, then you would naturally look at a guitar or violin and say, the job of the right hand must therefore require more dexterity.

And if I examine each hands individual activity, in fact it seems like the right hand is taking a more dynamic, continuous activity, while the left hand is more static, more sequential series of movements.  Why is it assumed that the left hand gets all the hard work?
Probably because they were taught that way - Woodwinds also are designed to have more work done with the left hand. Left hand goes on top and usually operates more keys. It's the way the instruments are designed in the case of woodwinds - I can't imagine playing the other way for flute or bassoon or saxophone. Putting my right hand above my left on an instrument simply seems WRONG.

Stupid, likely non-correct reason - in woodwinds, turning pages is much easier to do with the right hand than the left, and several notes on woodwinds can be played with the left hand alone. None can be played with the right hand alone.
Guitarist here:

The left hand has only to hold down the right notes. It is the right hand that does all the real work in the production of the sound you are making. I teach guitar as well as perform... and most people struggle to get the right hand doing well, the left hand is far far easier.
Life long guitarist here. It has very little to do with brain hemispheres, it's simply because people are taught to use there left hand to do the more dexterous string work (forming chords/ double stops, hammer ons etc). I've taught myself and some of my students to play the opposite way to normal, so I would be playing guitar left-handed despite being right-handed. I can safely assert that after enough practice it becomes indistinguishable for anybody to hear the difference between left and right hands. 
It's for this reason that pianists can use both hands completely independently, or in perfect unison. Hope this clears everything up, I'll be happy to answer any more questions/ arguments on this topic.
I think your question only applies to guitar.  It makes sense for violins/cellos/basses to put their bow in the right hand because that motion is more precise/subtle than the left which presses the strings, accounting for vibrato.  Another guess; Maybe it's historical, and original guitarists did it that way because of previous stringed instruments, and continued doing it because they cared about the sound timbre and finger picked with their better hand.
It's about the rhythm. Get a non-musician to keep time and they'll use their dominant hand every time. Left-handed people tend to be more ambidextrous, so about half of them just play rightie (Steve Morse is an example.) It's not that big a deal, which is why there's no such thing as a left-handed piano.
Well violin and (a strummed) guitar are 2 examples that require a lot more work in the fretting hand.
On a 'cello or a violin, the left hand has to do intonation, shifts, and vibrato.  Right hand is probably a little easier.
I play 'cello, and I feel the right hand has it much easier.
There is a LOT to be said for bow technique though. There's a lot of tiny technical movements you need to do with both hands when you play the violin.
I don't believe there is any evidence to the whole right brain vs left brain idea.
Can somebody else comment on this right brain vs. left brain hypothesis?
[deleted]
I've never played the guitar, but as an amateur violist, I can assure you that the work of the bow hand is a lot more difficult than the work of the fretting hand. The bow hand may *look* easy to an observer (it looks like all you need to do is to slide the bow up and down), but if you ever try to learn playing a bowed string instrument (which I highly recommend: it's insanely difficult, but also very fun and awarding), you'll realize that it's a lot more difficult than it seems.

The amount of pressure of the bow against the strings, the distance of the bow to the bridge, the velocity of the bow, the angle of the bow against the strings and what part of the bow you are using all have a noticeable effect on the sound, and you need perfect control of all of these variables to make a note sound exactly like you want. "Economizing" with the bow can also be difficult, especially in fast sequences: If a sequence of notes are supposed to all be played in a single stroke, you must make sure you don't move the bow too fast, because you'll end up not having enough bow left for the last few notes. But if you move it too slowly, and end up not using enough bow, you risk having too little bow left for the notes you're supposed to play after reversing directions.

Techniques like [spiccato](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spiccato), where the bow is "bouncing" against the strings, are also very hard to learn. I still can't do it well, but I'm slowly learning it. There is no way I would ever manage to do it with my left hand.
Yeah the idea of a specific left brain/right brain split (where one side is "logical" and the other is "artistic") is complete pseudoscience. There is some functional asymmetry in the brain, with one side sometimes predominantly controlling functioning (e.g. language is processed in both hemispheres, but largely in the left for most people), but there is simply no evidence of this strict left/right split. It largely stems from an hypothesis put forward by Sperry and Gazzaniga during their early experiments on split brain patients in the 1960s, but subsequent research has disproved their speculation. 

I think the idea sticks around because it sounds quite interesting and it's easy to grasp for the average person - compared to trying to understand the true functioning of the brain, which is a bit more complicated. Such a simplistic account of brain processes also allows people to come up with wacky self-help ideas and sell products, which probably helps the spread of the misconception through extensive marketing.
Im left handed and play all my stringed instruments left-handed. There was no way I was ever going to learn playing right-handed. Dominant hand is used to control rhythm and nuisances. I couldnt imagine learning intense fingerpicking patterns with my right hand.
Do you think, therefore, that any left-handed person could learn to play a right-handed instrument just as easily (I'm thinking specifically of the guitar), but many choose not to because they are left handed and so assume that the left handed technique will be easier?  Or does it genuinely make a fundamental difference?
Sorry if this is essentially what you just said, I just wanted to clarify.  I suggested to a left handed guitarist friend once that surely it shouldn't make much difference as both hands are being very dexterous either way and he just got mad at me.
Many left handed handed people choose to learn guitar right handed, simply because it's easier when buying/ sharing guitars etc. It does not make any fundamental difference whatsoever.
&gt;It largely stems from an hypothesis put forward by Sperry and Gazzaniga during their early experiments on split brain patients in the 1960s, but subsequent research has disproved their speculation. 

Do you have any links links on this?  I've heard about these experiments but nothing about their conclusions later being refuted.  Sounds kind of interesting.

Summary:
Im left handed and play all my stringed instruments left-handed.
all the stringed instruments I can think of require more dexterity in the right hand if played the traditional way.
Guitarist here:

The left hand has only to hold down the right notes.
Right hand is probably a little easier.
There is no way I would ever manage to do it with my left hand.
None can be played with the right hand alone.
Putting my right hand above my left on an instrument simply seems WRONG.
There was no way I was ever going to learn playing right-handed.
