Original Response:
Ok, U.S. medical personnel, here's the game:  

1]  You get to have one 50y.o. dead body, whose former owner was a committed organ donor.  

2] What *common* means or mortality eg cancer, gunshot, drowning, poisoning, carcrash, etc. would provide you with the best, most useful organs?  

3]  What are the most desperately needed organs which can be harvested from donors?  How long are these organs viable and how do you prefer to have them arrive?

4] What means of death produce the *least* useful organs?

5] Do you ever have legal trouble getting the organs out of known organ donors and what are the best ways for future donors to be sure their donations are not bollixed up by the system?

MANY thanks in advance!
Foreword: Not a doctor, but have a sizable knowledge base on the subject.

The ideal CoD (cause of death) would be a suicide, but not by poison. Single GSW (gunshot wound), lacerations, and hangings would provide good organs. 

The most needed organs are hearts and livers. With only one of each, and little to replace damaged tissue with (the small/large intestine can be stretched a little), they are the most valuable. Kidneys and lungs are next, and then corneas, skin, and the like. 

The CoD that would produce a small number of organs would be anything that causes massive internal damage. Wrecks of any vehicle would do this (cars need to have a lot more involved, like more cars, high speeds, etc). Poison also limits the amount of organs that could be used. 

Because I am not a physician, I cannot answer the last question fully, but I can tell you that sometimes the law gets in the way, as well as ethics of a Transplant Board (which every hospital has)

Hope that helps somewhat!
[deleted]
So, I rotated as an intern on both Trauma and Transplant surgery, but I am not a Transplant surgeon. Additionally, my center did a lot of transplants, but we did not do heart or lung, so I don't really know as much about them.

1) You already ruined it. You asked who my ideal organ donor is. It's not your average 50 year-old American. I saw the ideal donor many times when I rotated on Trauma surgery. Your ideal donor is an 18-25 year-old male. Their organs are usually pristine. As to why I saw them many times, this leads me to #2.

2) Motorcycle crash, hands down. There's a reason so many of us call them donor cycles. The typical rider is in the right age group to not have chronic medical conditions. When a motorcyclist gets into a crash, they often have cervical spinal cord injuries. As such, they usually aren't really dead, they just become perfect organ incubators. Their brainstem functions remain intact, so they can continue to oxygenate and maintain homeostasis. It gives [UNOS](http://www.unos.org) time to match them with a good candidate.

3) I'd have to check with [UNOS](http://www.unos.org) about what are the most needed organs. That's a complex question. Do you mean what are the organs with the highest number of recipients on the waiting list? Or do you mean the organ with the most difficulty achieving a match? Or the one with the most complex transplant surgery to perform?

Heart and lungs have about a 6 hour window after procurement to needing to be transplanted. I believe small bowel is about 12 hours. Liver and kidney have around 24 hours, as I recall. This may have changed, but that's what I remember.

4) Poisoning, probably. However, cancer or blood borne illness (HIV, Hep C, etc.) render you unusable as a donor.

5) I never ran into trouble, but then again, Doctors aren't usually the ones who are making the arrangements. For example, when I was in Trauma and we had a patient come in who either was DOA or would likely not be surviving, we would call [UNOS](http://www.unos.org). They have transplant coordinators on call 24/7. They would take care of trying to find out if the patient was a registered donor, they would contact the family, basically they would take care of everything on the front end.

As far as the best way to ensure that your health directives are not screwed up, you need to have an Advance Directive. Keep a hard copy with someone you trust. Do not just have it sitting in a safe deposit box somewhere. Until the hospital has a copy, we cannot act on it. If a patient comes in unresponsive, with no information, they are full code by default. Some people I know of have started to keep a USB drive with a copy of their Advance Directive on them at all times.
Typically if part of a crime, yes. However if they are listed as an organ donor on their ID, it greatly speeds up the process. An organ donor with a known cause of death (GSW causing massive hemorrhaging) will generally not receive an autopsy, only a tox screen to determine drug/alcohol use. The body will be turned over to a hospital for extraction.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
No, a very healthy 50 year-old will typically have viable organs. But compared to a healthy 25 year-old, most people would prefer the 25 year-old.

There are multiple types of organ donation. There's living donation, which is when someone voluntarily gives up an organ for donation, such as a kidney, or part of a liver. Then there's deceased donation, which falls into 2 categories. There's brain dead donation, which is the vast majority of donation, and then there's donation after cardiac death (DCD). Donation after cardiac death is less common, and is relatively newer. The likelihood of successful acceptance of the donor organ goes down with DCD.

As such, to answer your point, yes, if someone gets shot right outside the ED and dies, they are not a candidate for organ donation. The donor must be alive in order for them to donate. In either instance of deceased donation, those donors are still in a certain sense alive when they go to the OR. 

With the brain dead, they are taken to the OR ventilated, anesthetized, and then the donor organs are procured. With DCD, patients are taken to the OR ventilated, anesthetized, and then allowed to achieve cardiac death on the operating table before procurement begins.

You really should read through some of the information on [UNOS's](http://www.unos.org) website. There are regional networks of transplant consortia that match donors to recipients. By use of this network and private jets, it's pretty easy to get a heart and lungs from a donor to recipient in less than 6 hours.

Also, Wikipedia's article on [Organ Transplantation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organ_transplantation) is quite accurate and thorough enough to provide a good overview.
[deleted]
My pleasure. It's not really intellectual hand-holding. Transplant surgery and immunology are some of the most complex areas of medicine. I would ask one of the Transplant Surgeons to do an AMA, but those guys have no lives outside of the hospital, and certainly don't have the free time required for an AMA.
[deleted]
Define dead.
[deleted]
Alright, so you mean dead as in cardiac death. That person is not a candidate for organ donation.

Summary:
The most needed organs are hearts and livers.
You asked who my ideal organ donor is.
would provide you with the best, most useful organs?
That person is not a candidate for organ donation.
With the brain dead, they are taken to the OR ventilated, anesthetized, and then the donor organs are procured.
There are multiple types of organ donation.
Alright, so you mean dead as in cardiac death.
Or do you mean the organ with the most difficulty achieving a match?
The ideal CoD (cause of death) would be a suicide, but not by poison.
