Original Response:
This is just a question I thought up thinking about the nature of time and speed.


Since the photons are travelling at c, and therefore no time passes for them, does it seem to the photon that the earth and sun are essentially in exactly the same place and it hasn't moved at all?



Is this idea completely wrong? it seems very simplistic.



Also, if this is correct, just how far can we extend it? Is everything in the path of the photon in the same place? How about things to the sides, can the photon see them at all since it can never reach them?






Edit: Woah, something just blew my mind, is this idea the basis for [Length Contraction](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Length_contraction)?
Hmm. I feel like this kind of question is popping up more and more often these days.

There's no such thing as "what it seems to a photon." Photons don't have perspective. Period. There's no way of describing the Universe as seen by a photon, and for one very simple reason: any object's frame of reference is the frame in which it's at rest, but the speed of light is constant in *all* reference frames. So it's impossible to construct a photon's rest frame.

This notion that photons don't experience time is sort of true but is fundamentally misleading. As I just explained, there's no sense in which a photon "experiences" anything; it's mathematically impossible to describe. However, if you were going to try to define a quantity which is analogous to time as experienced by a photon - and there are a couple of ways of going about this - you would find that this quantity turns out to be zero. But I'd stress, again, it's not actually the time that passes by for light, but rather some other quantity which is mathematically similar. In particular, it would be a quantity which would, for a particle travelling at less than the speed of light, corresponds to the time that particle experiences, but wouldn't have the same interpretation for a particle like a photon travelling at the speed of light.
Length contraction is physically real, ie. something that can be measured with precision instruments. It does not account for time dilation.
The "experiences" stuff perspective does have merit however, for instance neutrinos are theorized to have mass on the fact they can change flavor in transit and therefore must experience time.


_____________________
Edit: I reread your second paragraph and you highlight what I was talking about. Ignore me. :P

I wouldn't call the math impossible to do either, as long as you are perfectly willing to accept *infinity* as an answer at face value, the simple algebra of special relativity work just fine.

In such a case you end up with t/gamma = t' where t' is our photon's perspective. The limit of gamma as you approach the speed of light is infinity so for any time length which passes for you, zero always passes for the photon. I'd still call the exercise a useful one to do.
Nope, I wasn't talking about any sort of limit, I was talking about the fact that it is literally impossible to construct a photon rest frame (even as a limit!) because the speed of light is constant (and non-zero) in all reference frames. So it's actually, literally impossible to construct a coordinate system describing the world as a photon would see it.
You are completely right. :) Thanks.

Summary:
So it's impossible to construct a photon's rest frame.
There's no such thing as "what it seems to a photon."
because the speed of light is constant (and non-zero) in all reference frames.
