Original Response:
Will all of the kids be biologically related like siblings (even though they are still technically cousins)? If not, why the difference if the kids are coming from the same genetic material? 

Edit: Yay, I only changed the tense in my title seven times.
genetically it would be the same as if they were siblings.
Genetically, their relation would be identical to that of siblings.

Blood relation is done differently though.
Can you please elaborate on the blood relation aspect? 

One of the couple's children will have a different blood relation to one another than the other couple's children? If so, why? Or are you talking about each individual child?
Blood relation isn't biological, it's more historical. You have 1/2 blood relation to your parents, 1/4 to your siblings, 1/4 to each of your grandparents, etc.

Basically, it's a picture of "blood" being passed genetically. To calculate the blood relation to a given person, you figure out how much "blood" you'd have in common if each child receives an equal amount of blood from their parents. For instance, $$$$ %%%% have children to produce $%$%. They have children with **** to produce $%**. So $%&amp;&amp; has a 1/4 blood relation with $$$$.
I just broke my brain with a disturbing thought.

What if this question is reduced to one set of twins, and they had multiple children?  How would that look, genetically?
They'd all look like and have genetics like siblings.
But it would be more complicated than that, wouldn't it?  If the DNA of the parents is the same, would the children be any different from each other (or their parents, for that matter) genetically?
Well the thing is that there is no such thing as identical twins that aren't both boys or both girls. So that would be physically impossible.
[deleted]
I was considering the very small number of cases where a mutation occurs, and a twin loses a Y chromosome.  However it appears that in every case they would have Turner's Syndrome, causing a lack of ovarian development.
I believe hes asking about 2 sets of twins, one set boys and one set girls. of different families
Can you explain why crossing over wouldn't slightly change the chromosomes during meiosis of gametes of the twins? Could this count as "genetically different"?
It would. Meiosis would mean that each offspring had a distinct genetic make-up. Still, the offspring would all carry a higher proportion of the same genes than would cousins by non-identical siblings, statistically speaking.

Siblings themselves have disparate genetic make ups owing to meiosis. This is evident by looking at any two non-identical siblings: although they are the products of the same two parents, their genes most often differ enough that one can tell them apart at a glance. The same would be true of two offspring of two sets of identical twins: each zygote would carry differing expressions of the same genetic stock owing to meiosis.

In short, the genetic difference between two cousins that are the offspring of two sets identical twins would be statistically the same as if they were siblings. However, this would really only matter in the event of organ transplants or if these hypothetical cousins wanted to have children together.
For myself, I don't seem to have any relation to $$$$ that I can tell.

Sorry. Tried to resist a joke and failed.
Epigenetics has a long road to hoe to get out from under the anti-Lamarckian bias in biology. I still find it fascinating.
Okay, I had no idea that the habits/environment of a human during his/her lifetime has a measurable impact on the genes that he/she pass on to future children. I realize the environment influences a person's gene expression, but I didn't know that could carry over.
[deleted]
They'd be as different as siblings. No more or less.

Technically, there is a very slight difference between even identical twins genetically, due to mutations over their lifetime.

Also, technically, their children would be genetically siblings, but not necessarily be like siblings. Environmental factors could change how their genes express themselves.
They would be as genetically similar as actual siblings would be.  

They would also be considered double first cousins (when a set of siblings marries another set of siblings and both have children, those children are more related than normal cousins hence the special name.)  This is actually legally significant in many places as double first cousins are closer together in a family tree so they will get priority in inheritance and other legal matters
Well to me anyway, two people who are totally unrelated but both happen to be identical twins isn't all that disturbing,
and anyway, the siblings would be just common or garden siblings then.

Summary:
genetically it would be the same as if they were siblings.
Genetically, their relation would be identical to that of siblings.
They'd be as different as siblings.
One of the couple's children will have a different blood relation to one another than the other couple's children?
How would that look, genetically?
