Original Response:
HyperCarbolation is Dennis &amp; Terence Mckenna's Theory about binding Harmine into DNA via ESR Harmonic Resonances generated by your voice. This is what Terence Mckenna is refering to when he talks about the experiments at La Chorrera.

"JK: OK, lets discuss hypercarbolation. Did Dennis come up with this on fly, sort of out thin air?

TM: Out of thin air.

JK: So if I understand you correctly: at La Chorrera sonically induced superconductivity was used to intercalate psychoactive molecules into the rungs of DNA...

TM: Close, say it again.

JK: You claim that Dennis used his voice to sonically induce a state of superconductivity that could bind or 'intercalate' psychoactive molecules into the rungs of DNA.

TM: Yeah, to intercalate these molecules between the rungs. Yeah, that's it in a nutshell.

JK: Are you the only specimens to try that?

TM: Yes, to my knowledge.

JK: So it's never been attempted since then?

TM: Well, it was hard to find a volunteer willing to go bananas for three weeks, which is what happened to Dennis, you see. As Bill Burroughs said, 'We need a worthy vessel.' (Laughs)... It would be very interesting to me, and maybe... You asked about my agenda. I suppose this is on my agenda, to gain enough attention that serious money would be spent looking at some of these assertions. I mean, can you use sound to intercalate drug molecules into DNA? This question could be settled with test tubes. You don't need human beings, you just need square wave generators and..."
- www.tripzine.com/listing.php?smlid=96


Basically here's how it's supposed to work:

Molecular structures with resonance structures (such as benzene rings found in all tryptamine psychedelics) have a specific Electron Spin Resonance (ESR) that can be heard in the majority of people who take Harmine (a psychedelic tryptamine which has 3 benzene rings.) If you take Harmine with Psilocin, and DMT, the DMT and Psilocin have harmonic ESRs and you can copy the tone you hear from the Harmine and then do scales (the kind of vocal scales that sound like a big machine engine starting up humming) it will resonate through all these tones and actually cancel out all the ESR of the chemicals. 

This will (according to Terence) put them into an energy state very close to, or at, Absolute Zero. Temperatures approaching Absolute Zero by tens of K have only ever been machine confirmed in labs under brute force mechanical power. Terence said in a lecture I listened to recently: "If there is a brute force way to do something, there must be a sly and intelligent way to do it."

Around Absolute Zero things start to "stick" and bond in ways they would otherwise not do. As temperatures decrease past a certain (intensely cold) point things get stranger and stranger. Also, Tryptamine in combination with MAOIs have been recorded to actual activate some internal receptors very close to the DNA of neurons. So basically the Hypercarbolation theory takes advantage of both of these facts and theorizes that sense, Harmine is very close chemically to the base of DNA called *********, close to Absolute Zero it will bond onto, or in place of it on the participant's neural DNA.

This bonding of the Harmine onto the DNA will supposedly change the hyper-complex ESR of the DNA structure in a way that connects it to whatever force Psychedelics tap you into (according to Dennis, infinite memory, a connection to alien intelligence &amp; any other humans who do this, and a map of space-time telepathically communicated into your neural consciousness via your Hypercarbolated DNA.)

Also, the neural DNA is one of the only things in the body that doesn't break down and get replaced cellularly/protein-wise over the course of time.

What are your thoughts on this??

Summary:
TM: Yeah, to intercalate these molecules between the rungs.
HyperCarbolation is Dennis &amp; Terence Mckenna's Theory about binding Harmine into DNA via ESR Harmonic Resonances generated by your voice.
JK: You claim that Dennis used his voice to sonically induce a state of superconductivity that could bind or 'intercalate' psychoactive molecules into the rungs of DNA.
