Original Response:
examples: quit smoking, weight loss/diet change hypnosis, etc.


Also, do our subconscious' "pick up" anything when falling asleep during a movie or while listening to music?
It's important to note that traditional hypnotherapy does not actually place the person into a "sleep" state.  I assume, however, that you aren't talking about traditional hypnotherapy, which does have a certain amount of scientific support (despite a limited understanding of the associated neurobiological mechanisms) in producing meaningful behavioral changes.  

As for "sleep hypnosis", there is very little scientific support for the idea that you can produce meaningful behavioral changes simply by listening to information during a typical night of sleep.  There is even a good amount of contradictory evidence showing that you **cannot** learn or retain information perceived through hearing during a typical night's sleep.  I hesitate to say that it's *impossible* for auditory stimulation during sleep to produce a behavioral effect during wakefulness, but from my understanding of the brain and human behavior, as well as what I've read on the subject I find it very very unlikely.  Hope that helps somewhat.
Would you mind elaborating on the effectiveness of traditional hypnotherapy?  Can a willing patient actually be put under hypnosis, and can hypnotic suggestion yield effective results?
I'll do my best, though I feel compelled to note that I don't consider myself an *expert* in hypnosis, per se.  

The way you asked your question ("can a *willing* patient") is actually ironically perfect, as the single most important factor in the efficacy of hypnotherapy is suggestibility, aka whether or not the patient believes hypnotherapy (and hypnosis in general) is possible.  People who score low on derived measures of suggestibility are typically not able to be hypnotized.  However, in those who are able to be hypnotized, there is some degree of efficacy in reducing certain behavioral and mental health problems.  The key to remember is that it won't work in everyone.  I think part of the problem with hypnotherapy is the poor understanding of what actually happens, neurobiologically speaking, during hypnosis that is purported to produce meaningful change.  We know that the hypnotic state is a fairly distinct neurological state, different from sleep and different from normal wakeful arousal, but we don't know what exactly it means.  This suggests the possibility that hypnotherapy is more that a simple placebo effect (though either way, placebo is likely involved to some degree), but it's not clear exactly what may be happening, and a lack of strong theory in this regard is not helpful.  You may also find [this past thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/kd87f/how_does_hypnosis_work/) helpful.  Sorry this isn't more clear, but again, my expertise is not in hypnosis.
I routinely leave the tv on and have dreams that combine with the shows/movies I'm watching, and at times are conscious of this fact during sleep and can usually tell which state of sleep I'm in. So you're saying that I'm not able to learn from this but it's merely just an interaction with the environment? Why am I able to learn while awake and not while asleep?
Do you have any opinion on Hypnotherapy and its relation to Meditation? I was on the fence about being hypnotized, but became more open to it when I realized it was similar to guided meditation. I equate the suggestibility you mentioned with these two topics as well as the placebo effect. Am I far off?

Summary:
I think part of the problem with hypnotherapy is the poor understanding of what actually happens, neurobiologically speaking, during hypnosis that is purported to produce meaningful change.
Why am I able to learn while awake and not while asleep?
