Original Response:
I like something a comedian once said:

"Men know that sex causes babies.  They also know that once they have a baby they will never get to sleep again.  SO they try to sleep right away."

But it's probably related to the hormonal release that has just happened.
The evolutionary explanation might be:
It might have to do with that the penis is apparently shaped to efficiently remove as much sprem as possible from the vagina (getting rid of the competition so to speak). Once the male has deposited his own however there is a reproductive advantage for him to stop immediately lest he pump out his own little troopers.


Notoriously difficult subject to google though... depending what you are after.
From an evolutionary perspective, once a female has been impregnated, there is little advantage in doing it again immediately, especially if Catten's statement about sperm competition is true.  

The male's general resources are better spent protecting her and chasing off other males.  His sexual resources are better spent trying to impregnate a different female, or trying to impregnate the same one when she is at a different point in her fertility cycle.
[This paper](http://edrv.endojournals.org/cgi/content/full/22/3/342) might have some answers or starting points for you:

&gt; *5\. Detumescence.* During this phase the penis returns to the flaccid state. Vasoconstriction of the arterioles and reversal of events within the contractile corporeal units divert the blood away from the cavernous sinuses and allow an increase in the venous drainage of their contents. Initially, the rate of blood outflow increases by about 10-fold, followed by a progressively decreasing rate until it reaches the pretumescence level (63) and a period of inhibition to resumption of erectile and ejaculatory functions. The length of this refractory phase is dependent upon many variables including age, physical state, and psychological environment (43, 63, 64). However, the traditional view that assumes male orgasm is instantly followed by detumescence and refractoriness has recently been challenged by reported observations in which some men were multiorgasmic, and the phenomenon of repeated orgasms without intervening detumescence and refractoriness was actively learned by some males (65). Local penile alpha-adrenergic receptor activation is the most important neuromediator effecting detumescence. Interference with this function through the alpha-1 receptor blockade may lead to the development of priapism (66).

Personally, I think that there is simply the logistical matter of a depleted prostrate. Essentially, the male orgasm has achieved its purpose (ejaculation) and as there is very little semen left to ejaculate the next time around, the body may be better off conserving energy and catching up on some sleep.
I just read the book "Sex at Dawn: The Prehistoric Origins of Modern Sexuality" which addresses this issue (as well as much more). It was a very, very interesting read.. I highly recommend it if you are interested in the topic. 

The authors posit that humans (like Bonobos and Chimpanzees), are sexually promiscuous (as opposed to monogamous); that prehistorically, we engaged in multi-male, multi-female sex. In the context of a female having multiple partners in one session the female capacity for multiple orgasms start to make sense; as does the male's sudden lack of interest... it gets him out of the way for the next male.
That sounds credible, but probably hard to perform a controlled experiment.  Maybe you give one group viagra and get them to pump beef curtains for 20 more mins, while the other non-viagra group does whatever they feel like (keep going or roll over and eat a sandwich, etc).  Then wait to see which group has a higher paternity quotient.
Yes, but this wouldn't explain the potential advantage of knocking up Female A and then turning around and knocking up Female B.
Sorry, I'm not being sarcastic, but how does that make sense from the perspective of the male's fitness?
Why would this get downvoted? It's the only explanation that makes sense here?
I think this is more for the fitness of the species instead of just the male.
The idea is that such a sexual arrangement allows sex to be more about socializing than procreation. The benefits of freely engaging in sex as a peacemaking mechanism, a way to relieve stress and a friendly activity outweigh the consequences. 

From the male perspective, he gets to engage in promiscuous sex (albeit with a resting time in between) thus spreading his seed to as many females as possible. The majority of the males fitness would be expressed in sperm competition rather than individual competition with other males. 

I guess I don't know why there would be a biological need to wait between copulating with different females, but it's possible that it originally evolved because only one female was receptive at a time and perhaps the social reward for waiting one's turn were genetically beneficial.
Except that it is generally so rare that an extra sexually available female is ready *right now*, that the sperm extraction technique is simply more effective long term.
Also, the is little reason to conserve a lot of sperm for a second round. The amount sperm available in the next round is much smaller.

Summary:
It's the only explanation that makes sense here?
It was a very, very interesting read..
I think this is more for the fitness of the species instead of just the male.
The amount sperm available in the next round is much smaller.
