Original Response:
[deleted]
Well for one thing, we now know that the universe is 70% dark energy.
What about the recent articles I've read about the chances there are no dark matter? It highly contradicted any math theories I've read about the mathematical proof of them.

Also, 70% by mass or volume? If by mass, how can that be when mathemtically, iirc, you should end up with equal amounts? Is it because of the consumption of matter by stars?
&gt;What about the recent articles I've read about the chances there are no dark matter?

Completely unconvincing as far as I, and pretty much anyone else in the field, is concerned.

&gt;Also, 70% by mass or volume?

70% by average energy density.

And note that I was talking about dark *energy*, while you seem to be talking about dark *matter* for whatever reason.
Ah. So I'm guessing my idea that dark energy is emitted from dark matter is false?

If not, then can you explain why there's an imbalance in energy density?
The only thing that dark energy and dark matter have in common is the word dark.
They've discovered that the universe is accelerating (nonzero cosmological constant) and also that neutrinos have mass. Ed Witten hypothesized a theory called M-theory that would generalize all string theories, launching the second superstring revolution, and they found a string theory "landscape" which makes the whole field much more difficult. Bose-Einstein condensates and quark gluon plasmas have been created experimentally, and we've detected hundreds of extrasolar planets. Quantum entanglement has held up to experimental verification, leaving Bell's theorem unviolated.
And that quantum information is not lost in a black hole?
Jury's still out.
"A Briefer History of Time" has been published a few years ago. It's updated, but much simpler.
The book "An Elegant Universe" was published that is far superior to Hawking's ramblings as an accessible introduction to a lot of far-out physics.  I wouldn't waste any time on Hawking's book.
[This might help you understand Dark Matter and Dark Energy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_ULpj-upJY)

Summary:
Also, 70% by mass or volume?
What about the recent articles I've read about the chances there are no dark matter?
