Original Response:
I would really like to know how you are able to equalize the pressure in the ear when you dive deep underwater.  Not how its done, but how its actually works.  I understand that the inner ear is connected to the nose/throat by the eustachian tube and when it is opened air can flow through it.  The part that I don't understand is that at large depth, the pressure on outer ear, due to the water pressure is a lot higher then the pressure in the nose/throat.  So, when the eustachian tube is opened, where does the high pressure come from, that equalizes the pressure of the inner ear to the outside water pressure.  It seems to me that the highest pressure that inner ear could ever have would be equal to the air pressure of the nose/throat.

Thanks!!!
&gt; It seems to me that the highest pressure that inner ear could ever have would be equal to the air pressure of the nose/throat.

correct.  if you are just hanging out down there the pressure in your throat is the same as outside the eardrum.  So if you just yawn or wiggle your jaw enough to open the tube's, then your ears will equalize.  If you close your nose and mouth and blow, this increases the pressure in your throat, so that it is above that of outside your eardrum.  The increased pressure can force air through the tube which would have otherwise stayed closed, and therefore put more air behind your eardrums.  You can make the pressure inside your eardrums higher than outside by doing this because by blowing like that you are increasing the pressure inside your throat to greater than that of the environment.
Thanks, this makes some sense to me.  So for the few number of people who can control the opening and closing of the eustachian tube with muscle control it could be very bad if, when underwater, they decided to open the tube while breathing normally?  Also, since the tube can be temporarily opened by yawning, swallowing etc. how high is the risk of the inner ear equalizing with the nose/throat while deep underwater and causing damage to the ear drum?
I don't think I understand what you're asking.  When breathing normally deep underwater, the pressure inside your mouth and outside your ear is the same.  If you open the tube by moving your jaw around, then your ears equalize.  How does this cause damage to your eardrum?
Looks like a didn't read your first post closely enough, I actually do not understand your statement "if you are just hanging out down there (deep underwater) the pressure in your throat is the same as outside the eardrum."  Wouldn't your body, ribs, skin etc. push back on the water pressure and keep the air pressure in your lungs/throat pretty close to what it would be above water while the pressure on the outside of the ear drum is that of the water pressure?  Thanks again.
Diver here, the regulator on your gear increases the pressure it delivers to match the ambient pressure. So, for example, at 33 feet, the external pressure is 2 ATM, one ATM from the water and one from the air above it, that's the pressure we equalize to in our ears. 

So, your reg delivers air into your mouth at 2 ATM, when the pressure in the body is equal to that, you clear your ears to match the pressure there to the pressure in the lungs. As long as everything is equal, you don't really notice. ( at high depth, air gets thicker, but that's another day)
Now, your tissues get saturated with gas under pressure, so we have to ascend slowly so the gas doesn't bubble out. You also have to exhale as you ascend or you'll embolize in your lungs as the air expands.
This very helpful.  I was unaware that you have a regulator that controls the pressure in your lungs/throat.  Is there a maximum pressure that divers will apply to their lungs before they become damaged/ruptured?  I understand that if there is equal pressure on both sides of the lungs no damage would occur but it seems like your rib cage would push against the water pressure so on the outside of your lungs (between lungs and rib cage) the pressure would be lower then the inside of the lungs.
Not really, because water is incompressible , and aside from the lungs and gut, the body spaces are fluid filled, no air spaces to be crushed. There are a large number of other problems with deep diving, narcosis, DCS, etc... Breathing gets harder as the depth increases, due to air density at pressure, and it tires you more. Dissolved gas in the tissues is a bigger problem than absolute pressure

Summary:
if you are just hanging out down there the pressure in your throat is the same as outside the eardrum.
I understand that the inner ear is connected to the nose/throat by the eustachian tube and when it is opened air can flow through it.
I would really like to know how you are able to equalize the pressure in the ear when you dive deep underwater.
When breathing normally deep underwater, the pressure inside your mouth and outside your ear is the same.
