Original Response:
And how does the brain (I assume) differentiate between polite and foul words, so that the vocal tic is produced?
I'm not sure about the second question, but I'm pretty sure they wouldn't swear if they didn't know swear words.  There are plenty of other tics (both vocal and physical) that they could have instead of the more commonly known swearing.
Most patients with Tourette syndrome or other vocal tic disorders do not have _coprolalia_ (the voicing of socially inappropriate utterances, including swearing). [This study](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19183216) estimates prevalence at less than 1/5.

Tic disorders are not understood all that well. Tics themselves lie somewhere between voluntary and involuntary; they are often characterized as nearly irresistible, though not entirely removed from conscious control.

The study alluded to above noted associations with "coprophenomena" (swearing, making rude gestures, etc.) and greater "number[s] of non-tic repetitive behaviors, spitting, and inappropriate sexual behavior."
The tic does not have to be words exactly it can simply be noise like barking or yelling. Tourettes is a tic disorder though not just a vocal disorder - the vocal portion of obscenity is coprolalia (involuntary obscenity utterance) which can also be a disorder unto itself.
Tourettes also includes motor tics like coughing and facial twitches besides the vocal part.
So with this in mind they may simply utter a word that is the most distasteful or if they lack any such words then making a vocal tic of barking or yelling may replace it. So no they would not swear as they would be lacking the words to do such a thing.
I cannot really answer how the brain differentiates between words so I will not speculate.
I'm about to reply to you with an *[infographic](http://people.howstuffworks.com/swearing5.htm)* from HowStuffWorks, of all places. I seem to remember Sacks mentioning that swearing is right hemisphere phenomenon (the Broca's or Wernicke's analog? something else?) and language occurs in the dominant (usually left) hemisphere, i.e., aphasics could (in some cases) still swear.
The sort of swearing that is an overlearned, nearly-automatic response to frustration, pain, or jubilation is probably mediated by the right (or non-dominant hemisphere). Aphasic patients can do this kind of swearing. Deliberative swearing, like when one thinks of all the low-down things to call a disloyal friend, would typically be beyond their abilities.
Hummmmmmmmm.......Good question. 

I worked with a guy (aircraft design engineer) who had Tourette's and he really didn't swear that much. He was mostly 'barking' and other unintelligible rants........

Summary:
The tic does not have to be words exactly it can simply be noise like barking or yelling.
Aphasic patients can do this kind of swearing.
