Original Response:
The new layers of sediment come from eroding mountains and hills. The mountains and hills came from bedrock that was pushed up by tectonics. The bedrock was originally created when lava from volcanoes cools. The lava from volcanoes comes from the mantle. The mantle is made up of melted and compressed sediment and rock.

It is similar to the water cycle, except with rocks.

Basically, no, the diameter is not increasing due to sediment. Any increase of diameter has to be brought about by objects from space colliding with the planet. There is a relatively (compared to the size of the planet) *small* amount of new material being brought down to the surface from gravity, but not enough to notice a change in the diameter.

Edit: Accidentally left out the word small. Added it.
Good answer. It's important to emphasize that the adding of layers comes at the price of removing it from somewhere else. Not only mountains either, there are places where older layers are being exposed by natural forces.
Is there an actual term for this process or a term for the rate at which it happens? Is this type of displacement and redistribution tracked in any way?
Also, if this did affect the diameter, that's not quite how the conservation of matter works.
Old material is eroded to the ocean floor. This is eventually subducted back to the mantle.

Matter is conserved and recycled through the geochemical cycle.
what about space dust? dose that add enough to make the planet bigger? (over millions of years)
This process is called accretion, and is how planets are formed.
The process takes on the order of hundreds of thousands of years. The growth and erosion of mountains and drifting of the continents are all measured and tracked by geologists. One day it is hoped that this information can be used to predict earthquakes, volcano eruptions, and tsunamis.

Currently there is an understanding of how the continents have drifted over the history of the planet, as well as how they are expected to move in the future.

In general, the study of the changes in the earth is referred to as geology. There are many smaller more specific areas of study within geology, as there are with any other field.

Summary:
The lava from volcanoes comes from the mantle.
The new layers of sediment come from eroding mountains and hills.
The mantle is made up of melted and compressed sediment and rock.
