Original Response:
So I've heard the universe is infinite, and I've heard that its just so big we call it infinite because its too big to comprehend. So which is it, or do we not really know?    

Another question, is the observable universe our whole universe? And if not, then does that mean that what we observe is just 14 billion years old, and the rest could be older?

*Edit Thanks for all the great answers and the discussion, its sort of cleared things for me, but as with everything else, leaves more questions :)
The observable universe in not only the only part of the universe that we can see, but it is also the only part of the universe that will ever matter to us. Since light is the fastest thing we know about, the farthest things we can see are also the farthest things that we have any chance of interacting with through the forces that we currently know about.

If the universe is larger than the observable universe, we currently have no way of knowing and have little reason to think that it matters.
We do not know.
Is there any accepted or posited theory of what may be beyond the visible universe? Or is it probably just more galaxies stretching out for infinity?
Damn.. the very thought of something without an end is really mind blowing. Going on and on and on and on, non-stop. And even IF THERE IS an end, what exists beyond the end? Another universe? Nothing? Something else? Can, for example, a comet from our universe pass into this *different* zone? 

*Sigh*
Going by the [Cosmological principle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cosmological_principle) it's probably more of the same.
[deleted]
This isn't entirely true, speculating what's outside the observable universe has more merit than say speculating what happened before the big bang.

For instance dark flow is a measured oddball which consist of some galaxies moving all in the same direction in a weird way. This might infer a particularly dense arrangement of galaxies outside our observable universe that we cannot detect.

However if you lived on one of the galaxies experiencing dark flow, it'd be obvious why you have such a motion because the unaccounted mass would be clearly visible two you.

Think of it as two overlapping circles or a Venn-diagram of sorts where you live in the center of the first circle and your alien friend lives in the center of the other circle. You both see each-other, but he sees farther than you can on one side and ditto for you.

Also there is not necessarily any extremely strange gravitational behavior on the edge of our observable universe, it's of similar make up and density throughout. If matter just ended at the edge (making us the center of it all, again unlikely) then you'd expect to see a density gradient, but you don't see that.

Now outside our observable universe could be full entirely of cheese. We can't disprove that idea, but it'd have to be arranged in such a way that it mimics the gravitational influences of galactic structures.

A lot of cosmology has revolved around the notion that Humanity and the Earth is not special and it has worked out quite well for all the accepted ideas so far. While there is no guarantee the assumption will continue to hold true, but as far as we can see there is no reason to doubt that the universe just continues to extend in all directions with the same consistency and make up as the rest of it.

Speculating what's past the veil isn't as useless as you make it out to be.
There is some tentative indication that parts of the universe are being gravitationally affected by matter that we can no longer see (thanks to inflation). Google 'dark flow' for more information.

**EDIT:** By 'see', here I mean 'receive a light signal directly from'.
Like others have said, we don't know. Interestingly, if [WMAP](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wilkinson_Microwave_Anisotropy_Probe) *had* found that the universe was significantly positively curved we would have been able to conclude that it is finite (assuming homogeneity/isotropy).

But it hasn't, the universe is "too flat" to determine the geometry (kappa close to zero could be actually zero, negative or positive, but our observable part of the universe is too small to measure it precisely), and anything but positive curvature allows both a infinite and finite universe.
[deleted]
This isn't a proof for anything.  "If the universe was infinite, then this thing -- that is physically possible and does not contradict any physical laws in any way -- would be possible....but it's kinda weird.  Therefore, the universe must not be infinite."

In any case, an infinite space doesn't necessarily mean that every single event will happen -- there are an infinite amount of integers numbers, but each one only occurs once.  No matter how further you look "up the number line", you won't find 2 ever again.

If the universe is infinite, but there is a finite amount of matter, for example, it doesn't necessitate that a clone of yours exists somewhere.
Sure we have a way of knowing. Its been proven to be expanding through observations of red-shift, so we do know there is more beyond the veil for it to expand into. How *much* more we cannot say yet.
But if the universe was infinite, wouldent that mean if any matter existed inside it, it too would need to be of infinite quantity? As to say, any piece of infinity is still infinite.
'Dark flow' may only imply the existence of matter that is observable but not visible. 

The observable universe contains everything that is within our past [light cone](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Light_cone). Unfortunately, we can't directly see much that happened before the [recombination era](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recombination_%28cosmology%29), during which the universe most recently became transparent to light. Everything that happened during and after that era forms the visible universe.

The light that escaped during the recombination era forms the cosmic microwave background(CMB). It is observations in the CMB that point to the existence of structures that are not currently visible. 

After further study, it may seem that these structures are also outside of the observable universe as well, but I think we should be very careful (ie have tons of evidence) when saying that we can see things outside of our past light cone.
[deleted]
There is a difference between 'we have good reason to think that something is there' and 'we have direct evidence that something is there'. I would only call the latter 'knowledge'.
The universe isn't expanding *into* more space.  Space itself is expanding.
Imagine an infinite universe with infinite empty space.  Now place one rock at an arbitrary point.
But in an infinite structure, there would be the possibility for infinite placements of that single rock, no?
I'm not arguing space itself isn't expanding, but you have no idea what its expanding into. Like the raisin loaf of rising bread, the raisins know nothing of the outside of the loaf, the oven or otherwise, and how could they?

They are raisins after all.
You wouldn't call *reasoning* knowledge of something?? &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
I don't really understand this idea, or perhaps I am missing the point.
By "space", do you mean the individual atoms and subsequently larger forms of matter are literally expanding, or that the distance between them is getting larger?
Not if we only place one.
And how many 'we' would only be placing one? One of 'us'? Then how *of how many* 'we' would be placing that. It can go forever, that's my point.
It can, but it doesn't necessarily have to.

That's my point.
Only as far as we are able to make reliable predictions using it. As an empiricist, I have a high standard that has to be met when discussing the existence of things.
I understood your point already. I'm not sure you're understanding the concept of *infinite* here. If an event can only happen once in an infinite reality, it isn't truly infinite. There are no restrictions.

Like pringles, once you pop, you simply cannot stop.
It doesn't need to be expanding *into* anything.
What an observer would measure to be the distance between two objects is increasing. This expansion is only really meaningful on very large distance scales.
Explain how something can expand with no room to expand for us then.
Going to let the well written article at Wikipedia save me some time: [Metric expansion of space](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metric_expansion_of_space).
I've read that, i think we are talking two different subjects here. Mine is that past the observable universe, there is more existence that light is not allowing us to see nor measure.
There could be 'more universe' outside of our observable universe. If that were true, the expansion of our observable universe is still not *into* that extra bit of universe. Our expansion is internal; within our own observable universe.
You may be assuming your result. 

Infinite refers to how many things there are; it is a counting word. I can have an infinite distance by having an infinite number of evenly spaced marks along line, an infinite duration by having the number of clock ticks between two events be infinite, or an infinite number of jellybeans. 

Having one doesn't necessarily imply the other. You need other concepts, aside from 'infinity' to draw those implications. For example, if you want an infinite number of jellybeans to each have a finite volume, you would need to have an infinite volume in which to store them all. The linking concept here, between infinite jellybeans and infinite volume, is that each jellybean have finite volume. Note that infinite volume does not require infinite jellybeans, it only allows it. 

It seems like your use of the word 'infinite' is linking different things in a way that is not obvious.
If we were to magically freeze the universe in place, and turn off all the forces (gravity, electromagnetism etc.) everywhere ... and then let the universe expand, yes.  The atoms that compose my being would spread out, the pieces of my atoms would spread out ... in general, the distances between any two points in the universe would be increasing everywhere at once.

But of course, the previous paragraph was only imagined: Gravity and other forces are still at work.  As the expansion of the universe *gently* tugs the atoms of the Earth apart, gravity overwhelms this effect and holds everything in its place.  But here's the thing ... at long distances, the effect of expanding space is much stronger (the farther apart two points are, the more space that is expanding).  Also, gravity is weaker at long distances.  So ... objects that are long distances apart (galaxies), are spreading out.
The confusion seems to be this:

You're assuming that when space itself expands, that it is somehow imposing on or displacing space that already existed elsewhere.  This is not now works mathematically.  Space isn't contained by anything.  Space is what contains matter.

This is what's happening:  If we were to observe a finite chunk of space and watch it over time, we would see that its total volume is increasing.  But this isn't true for that small chunk alone, this expansion is happening *everywhere*.  In a sense, the total volume of the universe is increasing.

What makes this extra confusing is that the total volume of the universe is already infinite.  So even though space is expanding everywhere, the total volume still stays the same at infinity :-)  It's wierd, but that's just how the math works.
I thought that the galaxies were moving away from each other because of the big bang. If you were able to set off a bomb in space, the particles would fly away from each other because of the force created by the explosion. And they would stop if there was an equal force acting on them in the opposite direction.

So are you saying that if you (hypothetically) had two balls floating in the remotest part of space, with absolutely no external forces acting on them, they will naturally move away from each other? Is that because the fourth dimension of space itself is expanding?
I'm probably wrong here, but if we assume that what is outside our observable universe is the same as what's in it, then if we were to have been there, instead of here, would we see the same thing at the end of our light cone?
&gt; I thought that the galaxies were moving away from each other because of the big bang.

The term "Big Bang Theory" is misleading in that it makes people think that there was some kind of explosion.  You'd be better off thinking of the Big Bang in this way:

Space is expanding.  In the past, matter was distributed more closely together, that is, the universe was denser.  If we go far enough back into the past, everything was so crammed together at such a high density that there was a hot plasma everywhere.

Now, from what I understand, it's not entirely clear *why* the universe is expanding the way it is.  We only know that it is and has been happening from observation.

&gt; So are you saying that if you (hypothetically) had two balls floating in the remotest part of space, with absolutely no external forces acting on them, they will naturally move away from each other?

If they are sufficiently far apart, yes.  That's what is happening to galaxies.

&gt; Is that because the fourth dimension of space itself is expanding?

As far as we know, there are three spatial dimensions, and one time dimension.  It is the three spatial dimensions that are expanding.
The space is infinite, but the event is not.

Summary:
The universe isn't expanding *into* more space.
The space is infinite, but the event is not.
We only know that it is and has been happening from observation.
Space is what contains matter.
There could be 'more universe' outside of our observable universe.
The linking concept here, between infinite jellybeans and infinite volume, is that each jellybean have finite volume.
What an observer would measure to be the distance between two objects is increasing.
That's what is happening to galaxies.
So I've heard the universe is infinite, and I've heard that its just so big we call it infinite because its too big to comprehend.
Mine is that past the observable universe, there is more existence that light is not allowing us to see nor measure.
Space isn't contained by anything.
It doesn't need to be expanding *into* anything.
So which is it, or do we not really know?
And how many 'we' would only be placing one?
