Original Response:
I hope that makes sense.  It's cold as hell outside, so when I enter a nice warm place my glasses fog over.  But if I walk back out into the cold for just a second then go back inside the fog disappears and doesn't return.  Let me know the deal, askscience!

And thanks in advance!
Water condenses on your glasses because you go from cold (and dry) air to hot and wet air.  The glass of your glasses is below the dew point of the inside air so air in contact with the glass drops its water.  Stay inside for a while and the glass warms up and the water evaporates.  If you go outside for just a bit the glass doesn't have time to get cold enough to cause this to happen again.
No, I mean, I go outside for a long time.  I enter a building and the glasses fog.  But, immediately, I step back outside then back inside and they no longer fog.  The glasses would be approximately as cold as they were when first entering.  I'm talking about coming inside twice
Go outside -&gt; glasses get cold.

Come inside -&gt; glasses are below dew point, fog.  

Stay inside -&gt; glasses warm up.

-then-

Go outside short time -&gt; glasses don't get as cold as before

Go back inside -&gt; glasses aren't below dew point now, don't fog

-or- 

Go outside long time -&gt; glasses get as cold as before

Go back inside -&gt; glasses are below dew point, fog

What makes a 'short time' or 'long time' depends on the relative temperatures, relative humidities, and the material of the glasses.  The point is that your glasses are *not* as cold coming inside the second time if you don't stay outside for long enough.
Haha, ok, all right, one more time for total clarity:

Go outside for 5+ minutes &gt; come back inside for 5 seconds = fog  &gt; go outside again (5 seconds after coming inside) for 5 seconds &gt; come back = no fog

Literally OUT&gt;in&gt;out&gt;IN

To illustrate my point.  Imagine Grandpa has been out for some time, and he decides to come back in after walking out right here:

http://i.imgur.com/NZ1zw.gif
Your glasses are warmer the second time coming in.  What is it we are arguing about?
This isn't an argument.  If I DIDN'T walk out 3 seconds after walking in, they'd stay foggy for a minute or so.  But, walking  BACK outside for just 3 seconds eliminates the fog.  I don't see how they're any warmer, especially since I'm actually going back out into the cold.  I tried to use a picture to clarify.  Perhaps I'm just retarded, but I'm talking about mere seconds here.
Gotcha.  Humidity is the key, along with a difference in kinetics.  Walk inside and the warm, wet air condenses on your cold glasses.  Go outside and the cold, dry air soaks up the water off your warm, wet glasses very quickly - more quickly than the warm, wet air inside would.  Return inside and your now warmer, dry glasses don't pick up much water on the return trip.
Right on, brotha!

Summary:
Go outside -&gt; glasses get cold.
Stay inside -&gt; glasses warm up.
Come inside -&gt; glasses are below dew point, fog.
