Original Response:
I'm sure the metal concentrations in landfills are much higher than in normal mines, as well as the fact that its flammable. So why don't we extract the valuables, and burn the rest? It seems to me like it would be profitable, and a quick Google search shows at least one European company agrees.
There are a number of problems with this. Landfills may contain lots of metal, but it's not necessarily *usable* or *valuable* metal. Iron/steel is much easier to extract from scrapped cars/appliances/etc than it is from a pile of garbage. Same goes for aluminum and copper. Other metals such as chromium and magnesium are simply not worth the expense, as they can be obtained cheaply by mining. There's also the problem of sorting the metals from the rest of the garbage and assessing an object's composition and value; this would have to be done by people, not automated machinery. Finally, this would require huge amounts of space, as the rest of the garbage would have to be dumped somewhere else until the entire landfil is sorted. None of this is remotely economically viable.
There is some resource extraction commonly going on in several landfills: methane pumping for power generation. Otherwise, DrWallyHayes hit the nail on the head, the return on investment would just not make it worth the effort in most cases. 

The economic criteria which apply to all mining operations would still apply here, and the more complex the mix of metals, the less appetizing a mining operation is. I suppose one could always harvest leachate and treat the liquid for environmental reasons and containment of heavy metals such as cadmium, but there is no way that would be cost effective in terms of volume or value...
So there is no process where you could extract the carbon rich materials and burn them while leaving the metals intact?
Burning landfills might reduce the total volume of non-metallic garbage, but it wouldn't *separate* the metal from everything else. It's also a major environmental problem: not only does it release massive amounts of CO2, but it also releases many toxic chemicals into the atmosphere.

Summary:
So why don't we extract the valuables, and burn the rest?
