Original Response:
According to the news, the extreme cold we just had in winter can be explained by global warming like the the extreme heat now. How can it cause both?

Note: I've always used global warming and climate change interchangeably. Please correct me if I'm using this wrong. I have a feeling I have a gross misunderstanding of the subject.
I think the correct term should be Global Climate Chaos.

Weather patterns are changing dramatically as the planet warms up, but we live in a complex system.

The Gulf Stream warms the North Atlantic, but as the ice caps melt more fresh water is introduced to the ocean and is forcing the gulf Stream further south which may in fact precipitate an ice age in northern Europe. Further because more water is evaporating near the equator more moisture is heading north and dumping more and deeper snow in parts of the world that is not used to it.
Just as cold or hot on one day tells you little...so does cold or hot in one place. The global temperatures this past winter were some of the highest for the time period.  

[5th warmest Dec-Feb ever. Link.](http://www.noaanews.noaa.gov/stories2010/20100316_globalstats.html)
Yes. And last summer was the hottest on record ever. This summer is going to surpass it.
The Earth's climate is balanced by a complex system of feedback loops.  Since the last ice age, we've enjoyed very strong negative feedback loops, which are the stabilizing systems that counteract the positive feedback loops which cause extreme weather.

The warming effect of climate change is weakening the negative feedback loops that keep weather changes moderate.  So while the mean temperature of the Earth is slowly rising, the most noticeable effects of the change in the climate are the more extreme ranges of the climate.

tl;dr:  As the average global temperature rises, the balancing systems that keep weather more moderate begin to weaken in comparison to the non-balancing systems that cause weather variations.
Your problem is trends in climate, while you're looking at weather.

It doesn't have to be a global warming, the Earth is a quite nonlinear system capable of extreme excursions even without being prompted.

Of course we're prodding it severely, so there's certainly going to be a change. Changes are always bad, because they shift climatic zones and hence precipitation patterns, which is a recipe for crop failure and then famine, then migrations, wars and ethnical conflicts, etc.

Summary:
The Earth's climate is balanced by a complex system of feedback loops.
Note: I've always used global warming and climate change interchangeably.
