Original Response:
Sex is "smoother" and more fun...
[deleted]
You may have been joking, but sexual selection actually plays quite a big role.  For many birds, the ability to call complex rhythms consistently is an indication of good health and that they would be a good mate.  Similarly for humans, good rhythm might be a subtle cue for genetic fitness, but can also be an indicator of ability to interact socially.  I know I'm more attracted to musical people.
We're designed to be long distance runners. Having a good rhythm when running may help us to better our technique and run distances more efficiently.
I was only half-joking. It is a serious point presented with a bit of tongue-in-cheek but your examples do a much better job of explaining why this is likely so.

Heck, if I were a woman, I wouldn't want to be laid by a guy who couldn't keep up a steady rhythm and get me off. I'd select for the healthy guy who could tap his foot like a frigging metronome. :-)
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes, but that from there we have the question of why is that the case. Why does sex require rhythm to be enjoyable?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Musical Rhythm: Many birds and such use calls and songs to attract a mate. It is possible that one of the reasons we developed music is also to attract a mate and therefore good rhythm is important. 

Dancing: Many species use mating dances and many humans find a person who can dance well more attractive. Therefore rhythm is important.

Walking &amp; Talking: If your sense of rhythm is so poor that you cannot walk normally or talk normally it is a sign that you have some kind of medical issue and may not have good genes to pass on. Therefore you would be less attractive. 

Your sense of rhythm affects many other aspects of life but I am not sure how all of them play into evolutionary advantages.
How about having a bad sense of rhythm though? Sometimes I'm worse than a falling bleacher full of irregular bongos but in a fight or a game of madden it usually works out of me.
[deleted]
If your mates prefer it.
From [a previous post](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/kxh7b/til_approximately_92_of_the_174_songs_that_made/c2o1tgj):

&gt; Music is probably an evolved means of communicating internal cognitive consistency (for the purposes of mate selection) via the production of reducible mathematical functions.  It's a bit like a [checksum](https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Checksum) in that it allows a listener to make a very quick approximation of another human's neurological fitness in a computationally asymmetrical manner (easy to like/dislike, hard to produce).
[deleted]
I would suggest sense of rhythm is a by-product of reaction time, motor skills and hand-eye coordination — all very important skills to have in quantities over your competitors if you want to catch your quarry before they do, or avoid that predator.
Could be that the ability to externalise these skills into a 'sense of rhythm' allowed groups of humans to better synchronise their movements with one another, leading to more efficient hunting/farming, leading to more successful reproduction.

I'm not a biologist, hence not posting this as a top-level comment, but I am a musician and know that [work songs](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Work_song) and [martial songs](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martial_music) are all about morale and efficiency.
It may appear as a joke answer, but you're certainly right. A lot of traits survive because they're sexually attractive, without necessarily giving any other evolutionary benefit.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Almost any physical activity requires some level of rhythmic-sense. This of course includes hunting and fighting.
[deleted]
can you provide references that show we were designed to be long distance runners? i would think we were designed to be short distance sprinters, giving that is what hunting usually entails.
[deleted]
Actually no, you should check out the book [Born to Run](http://www.amazon.com/Born-Run-Superathletes-Greatest-Vintage/dp/0307279189/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1325455767&amp;sr=8-1).

It talks about tribes in Africa that actually chase deer down because deer can't dispel moisture (sweat) through anything other than their mouthes. As such if you run long enough it will eventually have to take a break and stop because it can't sweat enough moisture out at once, it essentially overheats. Every time it stops you get a teeny bit closer to it and eventually you're close enough to get the game.

He gives a lot of knowledge about bone structures, how we sweat, and a lot of other things that we do that make us the most ideal super long distance runners in the world.
[The Evolution of Marathon Running. Capabilities in Humans](http://www.fas.harvard.edu/~skeleton/pdfs/2007c.pdf) - PDF

[Walking, running and the evolution of short toes in humans.](http://jeb.biologists.org/content/212/5/713.full.pdf+html) - PDF

[Endurance running and the evolution of Homo](http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v432/n7015/full/nature03052.html) - Paper in Nature
One of the coolest things in the book was the example of these indigenous peoples from Mexico who play a game where they run until only one person is standing. It often lasts multiple days and its over rocky terrain with just a ball to keep the children distracted. They even eat while their running.

An entrepreneur took some of the best runners from this tribe and realizing their potential took them to a marathon. They did terrible. When asked why they replied "huh? We weren't really warmed up yet..."

Tell me that isn't awesome. Also runners always describe the "runners high" and it is shown that is actually the body releasing endorphins to keep you going. A lot of really cool stuff.
[deleted]
[deleted]
From a study made in Sweden: There seems to be a correlation between intelligence and sense of rhythm. People with high IQ have a better sense of rhythm than people with lower. I seem to remember a hypothesis that sense of rhythm correlates with how synced your brain signals are, and having better sync means an increased ability to sort the order of your thoughts, or something to that nature.

Link to press release about the correlation study: http://ki.se/ki/jsp/polopoly.jsp?d=130&amp;a=54768&amp;l=en&amp;newsdep=130

Quote from the press release: "According to Fredrik Ullén, the results suggest that the rhythmic accuracy in brain activity observable when the person just maintains a steady beat is also important to the problem-solving capacity that is measured with intelligence tests.

"We know that accuracy at millisecond level in neuronal activity is critical to information processing and learning processes," he says."
[deleted]
[deleted]
That runner's high goes away pretty fast though
After you stop no? When I get to that point I usually can go for a pretty long time. 

Either way the books really good.
[deleted]
[deleted]
ITT: speculation.
I've read somewhere that the sense of rhythm, which is relatively unique to humans, is connected to another relatively unique trait to us: language. While other species communicate in one way or another, none have the complexity that human language has. 

Fundamental to this is a sense rhythm and of melody involved with speech. Thus, our sense of music in general could be a bi-product of the clearly beneficial trait of speech.
I'm not the first:

&gt; ... it appears probable that the progenitors of man, either the males or females or both sexes, before acquiring the power of expressing their mutual love in articulate language, endeavoured to charm each other with musical notes and rhythm.

-Charles Darwin, 1871
Relevant: video of an aftican tribe thought to be the only practitioners of the "original" hunting technique http://youtu.be/826HMLoiE_o
As a martial artist, one of the methods we use to train is to disrupt the opponents rhythm, to overwhelm them on a mental and spiritual level; but in order to do this we must first develop a sense of rhythm so we're more familiar with what we're disrupting.  I teach my white belts to strike on a rhythm so they can develop it on their own.  After a few belts, they become comfortable with not only breaking up someone else's rhythm, but also being able to withstand higher levels of random disruption.  This in tern also builds up their ability to handle stress.
I've heard that if you walk without rhythm you won't attack the worm. 

I presume this is a reference to sexual attraction?
The Silent Pulse is a good book that touches on this topic.
a human can actually out run a horse
I'm not saying you had an original idea, but you certainly didn't get that checksum crap from Darwin.
Humans are probably the best long distance runners in the world, save for perhaps canines.

Short bursts of speed is not the only of hunting. We evolved to use something like what dogs currently use to hunt, called [cursorial hunting](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cursorial_hunting) - keep our prey running until they pass out in exhaustion. 

It was probably cursorial hunting that brought dogs and humans together in the first place. Also see [persistence hunting](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persistence_hunting) on Wikipedia.
The problem with "Born To Run" is that, like most books about exercise, it's not scientific in the least.  It is all anecdotes and speculative theory.
A rhythmic sense is also linked to a human's time perception.  Having a good sense of timing is key not just to establishing a rhythm, but also to predicting when events are going to occur.  It can be advantageous to being able to know when to get out of the way or when to swing a hunting tool.
MANY cultures pass on knowledge through song (and dance). Even western nursery rhymes are intended to teach. For example in Jack and Jill the last line tells you to soak paper in vinegar and place it on your head -- "To old Dame Dob, who patched his nob With vinegar and brown paper." -- to cure a headache. Better rhythm would give you an advantage here I suspect.
With plenty of real world examples tho...
Actually I wouldn't even agree with that, regardless of whether or not we evolved to be able to run, we can expel moisture through our skin and we have all these other advantages that make us the best running machines in the world. It is not speculative that we sweat through our skin, it isn't speculative that there are people who can run over 100 miles with out stopping, and it isn't speculative that the examples in the book make us incredible long distance runners.
Which are anecdotes.
Having impressive skill sets (such as being a talented musician) improves your chances of finding a mate.
How is saying that being able to sweat makes us better runners an anecdote? 

You don't happen to be an ultimate frisbee player from the Western NY region do you?
[deleted]
&gt;How is saying that being able to sweat makes us better runners an anecdote? 

I didn't say they were. I called "plenty of real world examples" anecdotes. What you just said falls under the "speculative theory" ataracksia mentioned.

And nope, I'm not.
I found the fitter I got, or the further I could run, the "runner's high" would set in later, so I'd have to run further and further to achieve that same wonderful feeling.
[deleted]
increases ability to procreate
Correlation does not imply causation.

The fact that we can sweat out of our skin instead of just our mouthes making us better runners is not speculative theory though regardless of whether or not it is why we evolved to do that. If we couldn't expel sweat that way, we would not be able to run for as long therefore it makes us better runners.
In the end every story about why we evolved is going to be speculative theory because you can't come up with an experiment for it really and this one seems just about as sound as could be. Regardless of if it was just for running it certainly seems to me we evolved to be able to endure.
Actually, those runners are walking a fair amount of the distance. The walking is punctuated by short bursts of faster running to push the animal into exhaustion. This happens over long distances, but it most definitely involves fast, short-distance running.
We are evolved to cover long distances but with the potential for walking and running at various speeds (including short sprints) over that distance, actually.
Is that from the video? I didn't know that, it makes sense though.
Fairly lay article that references research to point you to research. For research!

[FASTER!](http://www.marksdailyapple.com/did-humans-evolve-to-be-long-distance-runners/#axzz1iGIOeXPD)
Yup.  That was me.
Sexual selection.
Well thats just that one guy saying what he thinks. Not so sure about his ideas either talking about the people at the gym. I'm not claiming to be an expert, I could certainly be wrong.
Well, mark sisson is sorta more than "just one guy". There are other posts on his site that discuss the function of ATP in short bursts of activity. I'm not certain what you mean about you being "not so sure about his ideas"... Are you suggesting that evolutionary science is not real? I think the main concept here is that early hunters did not simply engage in persistence hunting by jogging. They tracked by walking, trotting, and also running quickly. Faster speeds than jogging played a critical role in the hunt. In fact, there is an important hypothesis that argues that Neanderthal did not survive for a handful of reasons, one of the most important being that it could not run as fast as early humans.
I'm saying that that article is certainly just as lay if not quite a bit more so than "Born to Run" and it is just one guy espousing his opinion, not backing any of his opinions up with any super concrete evidence and just observations.

Clearly I am not suggesting that evolutionary science is not real, I just don't think that talking about what people are working on at the gym really has any merit on the discussion of people running for long distance millions or hundreds of thousands of years ago. His points about glycogen make sense to me and as such I guess I don't believe anyones arguments are conclusive yet.
Well it is speculative theory because there's no proof that long distance running was the reason we developed bodily sweating. Sweating could have developed first. For entirely different reasons.
I wonder if chimps can sweat, I'm betting no because they have such furry skin but I could be wrong...
I think this would be a good place to start an answer:

Dance reveals symmetry especially in young men
http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v438/n7071/full/nature04344.html
Yes.  A sense of rhythm is a reasonably complex trait, implemented by neurons which are metabolically costly to make and maintain.  Without a significant evolutionary advantage, it would not have been selected for in the first place or kept once it appeared, so there must have been an evolutionary advantage.  

However, no one has conclusively shown *what* the reason was.
after I start running for a few minutes, I try not to rely on it. I go for long time but my source of motivation comes from other places
[Fisherian Runaway](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fisherian_runaway). Note: it's very hard to prove that something was caused by this process.
Yes, I do believe I've read somewhere that blonde hair is the "default" example of this; as it doesn't really have any survival-related benefits.
Cue drummer jokes:

How do you tell if the stage is level?
The drummer is drooling from both sides of his mouth.

How can you tell a drummer's at the door?
The knocking speeds up.

What's the last thing a drummer says in a band?
"Hey, how about we try one of my songs?"

An Indian chief and a cavalry captain climb to the top of a tall hill and look out upon the entire Indian tribe. The captain says worriedly, "I don't like the sound of those drums." The chief says, "I know. It's not our regular drummer."

What do you call a drummer that breaks up with his girlfriend?
Homeless.

What do Ginger Baker and black coffee have in common?
They both suck without Cream.

How many drummers does it take to change a lightbulb?
Five: One to screw the bulb in, and four to talk about how much better
Neil Peart could've done it.

An amateur drummer died and went to heaven. He was waiting outside the pearly gates when he heard the most incredible fast and furious drumming coming from within. Immediately he recognized the playing and rushed to ask St. Peter if that was Buddy Rich playing drums inside the gates. St. Peter responded: "No, that's God. He just thinks he's Buddy Rich."

How do you get a drummer off of your porch?
Pay him 10 bucks for the pizza.

Why didn't the Little Drummer Boy get into heaven?
Because he woke up the baby, for Christ's sake!

What do you call a drummer with half a brain?
Gifted.

What does a drummer use for contraception?
His personality.

What do you say to a drummer in a three-piece suit?
"Will the defendant please rise?"

"Hey buddy, how late does the band play?"
"Oh, about half a beat behind the drummer."

Hey, did you hear about the drummer who finished high school?
Me neither.

Why do guitarists put drumsticks on the dash of their car?
So they can park in the handicapped spot.

How is a drum solo like a sneeze?
You know it's coming, but there's nothing you can do about it.

What's the first thing a drummer says when he moves to LA?
"Would you like fries with that, sir?

What is the difference between a drummer and a savings bond?
One will mature and make money.

Why do drummers have lots of kids?
They're not too good at the Rhythm Method.

What do you do if you accidentally run over a drummer?
Back up.

What did the drummer say to the band leader?
"Do you want me to play too fast or too slow?"

Deep in the African jungle, a safari was camped for the night. In the darkness, distant drums began a relentless throbbing that continued until dawn. The safari members were disturbed, but the guide reassured them: "Drums good. When drums stop, very bad." Every night the drumming continued, and every night the guide reiterated, "Drums good. When drums stop, VERY bad." This continues for several days until one morning the drumming suddenly stops and all the natives panic and run screaming. The man asks the guide what's the matter? The guide looking very frightened says: "When drums stop, VERY, VERY bad," he said. "Why is it bad?" asked a member of the safari. "Because when drums stop, bass solo begin!"
I've also read that rhythm is connected to our walking and running.  Specifically the fact that rhythm is very often (not always of course but very often) based in twos has been connected to the fact that we have two legs.  Walking is rhythmic.  It's also been proposed that the down beat and up beat are tied to this since we often have a "stronger" and "weaker" side.  So rhythm could be a biproduct of our walking on two legs along with our intelligence, communal living, and use of language.
I still don't know what you mean by "working at at the gym" with respect to this discussion...
One of the comments in that article you linked is about the muscles people are working on at the gym, I think it was the bottom paragraph.
I'm mystified!
Why just hand-eye coordination, why not coordination in general?

Summary:
I didn't say they were.
How is saying that being able to sweat makes us better runners an anecdote?
I know I'm more attracted to musical people.
I didn't know that, it makes sense though.
The chief says, "I know.
How about having a bad sense of rhythm though?
What do you do if you accidentally run over a drummer?
I've also read that rhythm is connected to our walking and running.
Sweating could have developed first.
&gt;How is saying that being able to sweat makes us better runners an anecdote?
Better rhythm would give you an advantage here I suspect.
When drums stop, very bad."
It is possible that one of the reasons we developed music is also to attract a mate and therefore good rhythm is important.
Well thats just that one guy saying what he thinks.
If we couldn't expel sweat that way, we would not be able to run for as long therefore it makes us better runners.
What's the last thing a drummer says in a band?
It is all anecdotes and speculative theory.
a human can actually out run a horse.
[The Evolution of Marathon Running.
What did the drummer say to the band leader?
Musical Rhythm: Many birds and such use calls and songs to attract a mate.
What do you call a drummer with half a brain?
What does a drummer use for contraception?
They're not too good at the Rhythm Method.
