Original Response:
There were none.

Human life developed only a few million years ago, which isn't very deep into the crust.

We have found fossil remains and rocks dating almost back to the beginning of the Earth, only a half billion or so years away from its creation, and before then it was too hot and dry for any form of life to thrive. There were no organisms capable of building any form of civilization.
Got it, thanks!
In addition, when the crust is recycled into the mantle, the rock is melted into a semisolid/liquid form. I'm guessing that anything else that may have existed in the rock would also be melted down or burned away. So, unfortunately, I don't think we will be discovering any ancient civilizations anytime soon.
Not all the crust is recycled. Much of it is not. If the human race were to disappear tonight, we would leave remnants that would last many, many billions of years (depending on the manner in which our sun dies). So if there was an advanced civilization from the past, we would know of it.

Furthermore, as TaslemGuy pointed out, we have a fairly nice understanding of the past few billion years of life, with trace fossils reaching somewhere around 3.8 billion years old. Animals first evolved something like 650+ million years ago. The first nervous system probably evolved around 600 million years ago - and these were extremely rudimentary. There simply hasn't been a chance for complex reasoning species to evolve - and again, if one had - we would know about it.
Ah I mistakenly thought the entire earth surface had recycled into the mantle. I was picturing organisms we would never discover.
Really, it's mostly the oceanic crust which is recycled. Over time, continents (mostly as mountains) erode and transport sediments into the ocean, which will largely be subducted along with the rest of the oceanic crust over long time scales. But there is a *lot* of continental crust, and even through erosion much of it will persist for billions of years. If you want to see a rough orientation of where the old crust of the Earth is, you can look up "cratons", which are basically continental shields + platforms. You'll see that a fair amount of the Earth is "old rock" (though buried).
According to wikipedia, [rates of subduction](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subduction) are around 2 to 8 centimeters per year.  That could consume an area of the [Tigris-Euphrates river system](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tigris%E2%80%93Euphrates_river_system) (35,600 km2, or a 188km square) in 3.7 million years.  (188km / 5cm/year).

So, it's plauble that a fertile area, large enough to support a civilization as recently as four million years ago, has become completely inaccessible.

Humans, however, tend not to stay in such a localized area, certainly not when it's gradually being sucked under a mountain range.  They'd have moved (very, very gradually) elsewhere, taking their tools and knowledge with them.

Even if you wipe them all out at once with a meteor strike or Pompeii-like volcano, I think brain size is a problem.  [Brain sizes have been steadily increasing](http://adhominin.com/index.php?id=6556107719700163193), and given the recency of agrarian societies, it seems likely you'd need a decent brain size to manage 'civilization'.  My guess is that there'd be evidence of large-brained beings in the fossil record outside the subducted region.

The further back you go, there more time there is for weird things to happen, but the brain size trend continues to be a problem - it's not just a recent thing, it reaches back a very long way, through dinosaurs and beyond.  Though there were smarter and dumber dinosaurs, it would have been an enormous deviation had there been, say, a breed of dinosaurs even remotely as smart as people.

Summary:
Not all the crust is recycled.
Human life developed only a few million years ago, which isn't very deep into the crust.
So if there was an advanced civilization from the past, we would know of it.
