Original Response:
I extract genomic DNA and quantify it using a nanodrop spectrophotometer.  The manual says accepted 260/230 readings for "pure" DNA should be between 1.8 and 2.2.  When I find a sample that has a reading below 1.8 I re-purify it and measure again.  

The thing is that sometimes I'll get readings of 2.3 and higher (no more than about 2.8).  I would like to assume this just means I'm super amazing and have reduced the amount of contaminants to practically nothing and I have super pure DNA.  I would like to get  some opinions/discussions from other people relating to this topic.  

What should I consider to be too high?  Could these high readings relate to problems with the DNA itself?
[deleted]
I use the Qiagen Puregene blood/bone marrow extraction kit.  I don't have a spectrograph with me right now but if I remember I can grab one tomorrow.  The graphs are very smooth and beautiful, I can tell you that.  Its just that after I re-purify the sample the 230nm reading is much lower but the 260nm reading is about the same.  Higher if I concentrate the sample (obviously) and lower if I lose a little bit of the DNA pellet.

I know most proteins typically absorb at 280nm, that's why we use the 260/280 reading to estimate nucleic acid purity in relation to protein contamination.  My 260/280 readings are always between 1.8 and 1.9 so I'm not concerned about protein contamination.  Are there proteins that like to absorb at 260nm?

I'm very careful to allow all EtOH to evaporate before I rehydrate the sample at the end.  I always check the DNA pellets to make sure they're dry.  I also did an experiment to see just how much EtOH would affect the readings and after adding 10ul EtOH, the readings were only affected (throughout 10 samples) about + 0.2. 

If you have any more insight I would appreciate it.  Thanks for the response!
Found that the tubes I was using were leeching colour into my samples once... that looked kinda funky when speccing.
Its strange you say that, I just had a colleague discover the same problem using green PCR tubes.  I use clear tubes so luckily that's not something I'm concerned about.  :)
Here are some of the spectrographs from samples I first measured, wasn't satisfied with the readings, repurified, and measured again.  

http://imgur.com/pijU7.jpg

http://imgur.com/ADKOA.jpg

Sample 2925 I rehydrated the second time in 20ul instead of 50ul to concentrate the sample.  
Sample 2872 I lost half the pellet when I repurified lol.  

So what do you think?  Since the 260/230 is above 2.3 in all 3 cases, is this something to be concerned about?  Gel electrophoresis images of all 3 samples showed no DNA degradation.
[deleted]
After purification we do some PCR on it, fluorescently label the product, and put it on a microarray.  That's why I'm so picky about the quality of the sample.

Summary:
I use clear tubes so luckily that's not something I'm concerned about.
Could these high readings relate to problems with the DNA itself?
That's why I'm so picky about the quality of the sample.
