Original Response:
Im trying to figure this out for a story i plan to write. What would happen to a planet in the orbit of four stars in a cross shape with the planet in the middle. The stars in question are brown dwarves.
Conflicting information. In physics, an orbit is the gravitationally curved path of an object around a point in space. The planet being in the middle of the four stars suggests the stars are orbiting the planet instead, which gravitationally is not logical. I would suggest not mentioning any kind of orbit, but rather the four stars being locked as they are, while the planet is somehow exactly in the middle of them with equal pull from each star.
how would that effect the planet, would that mean it would be locked in endless day? Also do brown dwarfs stars give off less light than other stars?
It would be endless day. The stars would have to be far enough away from the planet to not cause it to burn up, too. 

From Wiki: When still young, up to a billion years (a gigayear) old, brown dwarfs can have temperatures and luminosities similar to some stars.
Thanks that's really a help. On a slightly different note, what conditions would need to exist for a planet of endless night, aside from maybe a highly volcanic planet, and would said conditions be survivable?
Can't help you there, sorry.
If a planet had endless night (no sun or other light source) it would be required to have a hot core.  Preferably a molten core so that it would also provide some kind of magnetic field protecting it from whatever radiation was present.  
If this was for human habitation it would most likely require a water source.  It would also require a reasonably thick atmosphere with a high O2 component.  As for life on this kind of planet; you could perhaps have some sort of simple life or life such as that found around  thermal vents in deep sea trenches.

Summary:
It would be endless day.
If a planet had endless night (no sun or other light source) it would be required to have a hot core.
