Original Response:
The shocking answer is yes!

...sadly, in one case it has nothing to do with the rain, and in the other it has nothing to do with the earbuds.

Case 1: You're wearing your earphones out in the rain, and are doing any activity that builds static electricity. [That static electricity could be delivered via your earbuds](http://support.apple.com/kb/TS2729). Of course, this could also happen on a dry day, and with many static electricity generating activities, a dry environment will make it happen faster!

Could the shock be damaging? Not to you, but possibly to motherboard components that you touch!

Case 2: You're wearing your ear buds in the rain, and you get an electric shock from a lightning strike. Of course, the likelihood that wearing earbuds would impact how a lightning strike goes down [is pretty out there](http://news.cnet.com/8301-17852_3-10268484-71.html). Sadly, [when you win the lightning lottery](http://www.lightningsafety.noaa.gov/medical.htm) it's probably due to the fact that you're standing out in the rain in a high risk area, rather than the fact that you're bopping around to your tunes.

Could the shock be damaging? [Yeah](http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/770642-overview).

I know that you wanted neat stories about being zapped and fried by an iPod, and Apple even [warns about using your iPod in the rain](http://manuals.info.apple.com/en/iPod_Safety.pdf). But although there's a buzz of 'I heard that this happened', the level of energy discharged would be fairly low. It would have to be a perfect storm (damp skin that reduces resistance from the normal 100K to 200K Ohms to around 1K Ohms, exposed wiring, a faulty device, etc) to do real damage to a human being.

Edit 1: I can't believe I feel I have to say this but... DON'T TRY THIS AT HOME. As tempting as it would be to play junior Mythbuster, set up the worst case scenario, and see if you can get a fatal shock going... don't. Just don't.
Earphones usually operate in mV ranges. That's far lower than most other power sources we usually handle, like batteries.

You can take a 9V block battery and touch the poles simultaneously with your tongue and won't get more than a tingling sensation and a weird taste. If you get water into your earphones, the only thing that would probably happen is that you won't hear the music anymore.
I can confirm the static electricity in dry environments does cause a rather painful shock!
Awesome thanks. As you guessed I was mainly thinking about the ear phone/your ear getting water in it and somehow conducting, hadn't considered these other scenarios. Really interesting.

&gt; It would have to be a perfect storm (damp skin that reduces resistance from the normal 100K to 200K Ohms to around 1K Ohms, exposed wiring, a faulty device, etc) to do real damage to a human being.

So in *theory* there could be a danger, but in real-world normal circumstances there's little to no risk?
most media players don't have capacitors that give off a lot of energy and the batteries are too low in voltage and to high of an internal resistance to cause any damage. also, the power going in to earbuds is so low that even if the short out it could only break your media player.

Summary:
Could the shock be damaging?
Case 1: You're wearing your earphones out in the rain, and are doing any activity that builds static electricity.
Case 2: You're wearing your ear buds in the rain, and you get an electric shock from a lightning strike.
