Original Response:
I'm watching "How The Universe Works" on Netflix, and I'm at the point where they are describing how planets are formed. The theory is that dust initially clumps due to electrostatic forces, then forms into rocks, then the rocks collide and form bigger and bigger rocks, until eventually planets are formed.

I'm wondering about the initial dust to "rock" process. I would imagine that it would take quite a bit of gravity to get a solid rock to form. My question is how big does the object have to be so that it is a distinct solid entity, and not just a loose pile of dust.

As a followup question, what is the cosmic dust anyway? Is it just loose molecules of matter or is it something already kind of solid, like grains of sand.
It's not the gravity itself that causes the dust to turn to rock. It is the heat.
Think about it this way: If you put a bunch of dust on a table, will it turn to rock? No, of course not. Then why would the dust that formed planets turn to rock?
True, though you need the gravity to accumulate enough heat in one spot to form a large body. Don't discount the gravity! There is plenty of heat running around in the early solar system, the big break through was the accumulation of these part solid-liquid bodies into large bodies such as asteroids or planets!
Cosmic dust is indeed just loose molecules of matter. Presolar grains are incredibly small (nanometer scale, a very countable number of atoms!). Millions of times small than sand! "Rocks" are just an enormous accumulation of these grains, pulled together by gravity and melted by the heat of the accretionary disk!
Well, sure, you need gravity to pull stuff together to form into rocks, but the main ingredient here is heat. A small asteroid, for example, doesn't have enough gravity to make dust become rock.
Ah, but in the accretionary disk there is plenty of heat, that is not the issue! The coalescence of material would be in a molten state, not solid. When the liquid cools, presto! Asteroids! I mean you bring up the example of an asteroid, but these are just planetesimals that accreted from molten material that later fell apart! Just enough gravity was needed, but integral!
Yes, of course, at the creation of the solar system, when everything was molten, a bit of gravity was enough to do the trick. But right now, when things have cooled down quite a bit, it would be impossible for a few buckets of dust to form rock.
I guess it's all about our interpretation of the OP's question. Because the question revolves around planetary formation, I assumed that were thinking about a protoplanetary disk. In our current solar system, you can't form rocks from interplanetary dust because there isn't any free dust. But if this was some mystical reality where alien dump trucks came and dumped a load in our solar system right now, yes you would be right on the ball- there is neither enough heat, gravity or mass to form a rock.

Summary:
Then why would the dust that formed planets turn to rock?
It's not the gravity itself that causes the dust to turn to rock.
"Rocks" are just an enormous accumulation of these grains, pulled together by gravity and melted by the heat of the accretionary disk!
