Original Response:
Since the shuttle is almost always launching in the same direction (north-east), wouldn't it have been easier to simply build the launch pad in closer alignment to the intended inclination?  It seems like it would be safer to limit the number of manoeuvres the shuttle would have to do during ascent?

My assumption is that they were retrofitting older launchpads to accommodate the shuttle.  Or... that it is more important for the launch pad to be aligned with the Vehicle Assembly Building for the transfer from the building to the launch pad?
Your assumption about older launchpads is correct... they were basically leftovers from the Apollo days.

Interestingly enough, the Saturn rockets also had to perform roll programs, but this is because they had to fly varying inclinations in order to accommodate the correct trans-lunar trajectory for different landing sites on the Moon.
More about it here, including information about the technical reasons why inverted flight is preferable: http://stason.org/TULARC/science-engineering/space/53-Why-does-the-shuttle-roll-just-after-liftoff.html
[deleted]
Back in 1984 after the challenger accident, a astronaught came to talk to my Elementry school in the Houston area.

He explained the entire take off procedure and etc.  If my memory serves right the reason for the roll manoeuvrings is to get that the orbiter reaches orbit "upside down" as  the "upside" of the space craft (cockpit and hanger doors) needs to face the surface of the earth instead of facing space.
The shuttle actually rolls upright a couple of minutes before main engine cutoff and orbit insertion. You can see that maneuver being performed [here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=Mzi1XohLlEc#t=466s).
&gt;Back in 1984 after the challenger accident, 

Challenger accident happened in 1986.
When the first one launched, I had no idea it would roll, and for a few brief seconds thoughts of looming disaster raced through my mind
AAAhh it took me a while to find the right answer.  The article kept mention all these great reasons to fly in that specific attitude and then the article finally asks the question:

&gt; This all begs the question, "Why isn't the launch pad oriented to give
this nice attitude to begin with? Why does the Shuttle need to roll to
achieve that attitude?" The answer is that the pads were leftovers
from the Apollo days. The Shuttle straddles two flame trenches -- one
for the Solid Rocket Motor exhaust, one for the Space Shuttle Main
Engine exhaust. (You can see the effects of this on any daytime
launch. The SRM exhaust is dirty gray garbage, and the SSME exhaust is
fluffy white steam. Watch for the difference between the "top"
[Orbiter side] and the "bottom" [External Tank side] of the stack.) The
access tower and other support and service structure are all oriented
basically the same way they were for the Saturn V's. (A side note: the
Saturn V's also had a roll program. Don't ask me why -- I'm a Shuttle
guy.)

So my original assumption about the towers being leftovers was right.  But I had thought that, you know, they coulda' just built the tower differently.  But I hadn't thought about the flame trenches which, I imagine, would be far more difficult to change (it would be far easier to build a new launch pad than to tear up the old one, and even easier to just do a small roll after launch than tear up or build anything new)

Summary:
The answer is that the pads were leftovers
from the Apollo days.
Why does the Shuttle need to roll to
achieve that attitude?"
