Original Response:
Life is about risk. No matter who you are, where you are and when you live, you will always be exposed to some risk of dying. In some situations this risk can accumulate as you move through life.

Let's take an example: radiation. You are currently surrounded by background radiation. It bombards every cell in your body. The risk of developing cancer caused by this small amount of radiation is quite small: so much so you dismiss it. Now, how about having an X-ray to search for, say, a fracture. X-rays will expose you to radiation dozens or even hundreds of times more powerful than normal background levels. The risk of developing a cancer is much higher than before. Does this mean you should never have an x-ray? Of course not, the benefits of diagnosis make the risk worthwhile. 

The same can be applied to your question. You expose yourself to foreign matter that could, over time, kill you. In a modern day (or in fact any form of) life however, a lot of these things would be essential for convenience: life would be more difficult without them. So long as the benefit outweighs the risk, then you should not be worrying about this at all. After all, you're dying as you read this.
true, but if there are tiny amounts of chemicals in our lotions, plastic waterbottles,everything, sure its not going to make much of a difference.  But what if it takes 2 or 3 years off of my life?  It doesn't seem like a big deal but what if that is the difference  between seeing a grand child graduate from college (or some other important life halmark) or not?
I'm not a chemist at all so someone else should really weigh in, but I've wondered and thought a lot about the same thing.

The paranoid part of me thinks that regulatory agencies should do a better job of regulating chemicals.  I'm getting the impression that currently drugs are most regulated, food is less regulated, and commercial products like you're talking about are even less regulated.  Is there a reason for this inconsistency?  Even in the case of drugs it's my understanding that all that is required is to show a statistically significant effect versus the placebo/control group (which to me doesn't sound like any of it is really well-understood and seems to leave open that years down the road we may figure out some long-term side-effects that aren't obvious right now).

I suppose it's not a good idea to worry about it too much, though.  I've been reading *Oxygen: The Molecule that Made the World* by Nick Lane and it turns out there is a case to be made that something as innocent as oxygen might be considered harmful (toxic even) to our bodies on the cellular and sub-cellular level (which is why anti-oxidants are so popular).  However, I am coming to understand that the reactivity of oxygen is a double-edged sword that is good for certain functions and damaging in others (e.g. obviously you don't want it wreaking havoc on your DNA).  It's all very complicated and the real message to take away is that it's difficult to summarize or identify some chemicals as "bad" since it depends so heavily on context.  In some cases it may be clear cut and in most of these I'm sure it is properly regulated (like how we don't want lead in kids' toys).  The problem I see is that in many cases it's not extremely clear and so the innocent until proven guilty rule applies.  Also, certain industries can afford to be more regulated like the pharmaceutical industry.  I'm not sure it would be as feasible economically or socially to regulate commercial products (think of how much commerce would slow down if you did that?).  Obviously, when something comes up as a concern like Bisphenol A or what have you, then it's a bit easier to go and regulate it.

**tl;dr  I don't know why either but many chemicals are considered innocent until proven guilty (possibly because it would be socially impractical to take the opposite approach?).**

Summary:
The risk of developing a cancer is much higher than before.
The same can be applied to your question.
In some cases it may be clear cut and in most of these I'm sure it is properly regulated (like how we don't want lead in kids' toys).
