Original Response:
I've seen other posts asking "how much does the moon affect my weight" but the questions (and answers) seem to only address the gravitational pull of the moon itself due to its mass alone.

But what about all of the water sloshing around due to tides?  Wikipedia tells me that there is 1,338,000,000 km^3 of water on this planet, and 97% of it is in oceans.  I realize that only a small percentage of this moves around with the tides, but still that water is waaaaaaay closer than the moon is.

So I'm curious if all of that water has any significant gravitational pull of its own, and how a person's weight measurement might be affected between high and low tide.  Any redditors out there with the requisite math skills to tackle this?

Feel free to assume I'm at the equator or north pole or anything else that makes your calculations easier.

And thanks!
It will have (little to) no effect on your weight, but it will change the vector of your weight ever so slightly. If this seems odd realize weight is simply the force of gravity upon your person and that force is a vector. All that mass is still acting on you just from different directions. If you want to define weight as the force of gravity towards the center of an object we can do a little math to see how much that water affects your weight.

Assuming STP 1 cm^3 is 1 gram of mass for water. So we have 1km^3 is 10^12 kg of water. We have 1.338*10^21 kg of water on earth. The earth has a mass of 5.9736×10^24kg. The percent of the earth that is water by mass is then : .02% which is a gravitational acceleration of .21. using the % and a generic mass of say 70 kg if all the water disappeared you would lose 1.4 kg or about 3lbs. 

If the water were to instead shift so that it was all on one side of the earth it would be at about 45 degrees to you only loose 2^(1/2)/2 or .7 of that mass with respect to "down". So in an extreme state a person of about 70 kg would loose about 1kg or 1.4% of their weight towards the center of the earth.

Now considering the water on earth changes very very slightly in comparison to that while you do have a weight change (by either definition) it is very slight. A large part of this comes down to the mass of water being only a small part of the mass of Earth.
Great explanation, thanks!

Summary:
The earth has a mass of 5.9736×10^24kg.
We have 1.338*10^21 kg of water on earth.
