Original Response:
This isn't really a direct science question, *per se*.  It's really more of an abstract, general question that kind of relates to science, and not the kind of thing we really promote.  As such, I've removed the question.  Sorry for the hassle, all the best!
Well, for one thing, it would have no terminal velocity. So if you dropped it from an enormous height it could hit the earth at well over the speed of sound, which could create a pretty dramatic impact. If you drop it high enough that it falls for 5 minutes, at (for ease of calculation) a constant acceleration of 10m/s^2, it'd hit at 3,000 m/s (6,700 miles per hour!) which is in the [hypervelocity](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypervelocity) domain. It'd possibly vaporize on impact and liquefy whatever it hit.
OK. I think that's a shame, but I get it.

I think that this sort of question intersects multiple disciplines and has the potential to be very enlightening, but it's not my subreddit.

For example I think the reply by WallyMetropolis is REALLY interesting. Materials science, physics, etc.

This is the sort of speculation that made me LOVE my science courses as a kid in high school. I can't imagine why it would be discouraged.
It's not *mine* either, I just help promote the guidelines that the users of AS seem to agree that they want.  Anyway, that's besides the point.  I agree that it's an interesting question, unfortunately (from my perspective) it's just not the kind of thing that works well in AS.  If you strongly disagree, you're always welcome to message the mods, link them to the thread, and get the opinions of other moderators.  I could be way off.
What I mean is: I don't really know the culture in this sub, so you would know better than me if it's a bad fit.

Like I said in my edit, this was the sort of question that made my high school science courses not only bearable, but REALLY compelling. It seems weird that the community would dislike it.

Summary:
I could be way off.
I agree that it's an interesting question, unfortunately (from my perspective) it's just not the kind of thing that works well in AS.
