Original Response:
I like to put on my friends glasses and see how I look, but am wondering if they see exactly as badly without their glasses as I do with them on.
Since this question has been here for seven hours with no experts weighing, I will give my speculation.  Downvote away.  At least this will hopefully generate some discussion on the topic.

Wearing someone's eyeglasses might be a good measure of how different your vision is from someone else.  Good and bad is relative.  I have astigmatism, and have always been told that my prescription is "very light" and that technically my vision is 20/20, but many of my better-sighted friends have tried on my glasses and said things like "wow, you must be blind," etc., etc.

It seems like there would be several factors at play.  For instance, if a severely near-sighted person tried on a severely far-sighted person's glasses and they made the world look even blurrier, who has the better eyesight?  That's what I mean when I say that it is only a measure of how different your eyesight from the person whose glasses your are wearing, and "good " or "bad" eyesight may not even be part of the equation.

I think I've raised more questions than I've answered.  Anyone care to elaborate?
I am not an expert in the matter but I have been wearing glasses for most of my life so I have read a few things.  Being far-sighted or near-sighted has to do with the eyes ability to focus light on the retina.  Light is coming into your eye from all directions and the lens is directing these light rays onto the back of your eye.  If the lens hardens or the muscles used to change the shape of the lens weakens, then all the light coming into the eye cannot be focused properly. This is why you see some people squint if they have trouble seeing.  Doing so prevents light from other directions than in front of the viewer to enter the eye requiring less of the lens to focus the light.

When you wear someones glasses you are seeing how the light is bent and focused so that they can see clearly.  I hope I answered your question.
It could be thought of as seeing the quantity of their prescription but in the opposite direction. For example if someone had 3 diopters of myopia (near sighted) they would wear -3.00 lenses. If someone with no refractive error looked through those lenses they would experience 3 diopters of hyperopia (far sighted).

Summary:
I hope I answered your question.
Light is coming into your eye from all directions and the lens is directing these light rays onto the back of your eye.
