Original Response:
When a jet flies over, the amplitude of the sound varies drastically--loud quiet loud quiet loud.  (I'm not talking about frequency; I know how the Doplar Effect works.)

I thought initially it has to do with portions of different air pressures transferring sound at different speed, but I think I read that air pressure doesn't affect the speed of sound, but temperature does (I may be wrong).  Are variations in the temperature and perhaps humidity affecting the amplitude of the jet sound?  Why is it less noticeable in prop planes?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Did you even read the question? He is asking about amplitude, not frequency. 

The description says "I'm not talking about frequency; I know how the doppler effect works"
No. It said "I know how the Doplar effect works". He was pointing out OP's misspelling. 

Edit: Clarification
whooops... I didn't notice the misspelling in the original post :(
Correct. I just think in a science forum we should spell the scientists' names correctly.
Be that as it may, you should still use complete sentences when expressing ideas.
Agreed.
I agree with you.
Actually, Doppler is a genus of 25–35 species of deciduous flowering plants in the family Salicaceae.  OP is talking about the relative frequency of waves emitted from a moving object as percieved by a stationary one.
Air is like a prism for sound.  Air is denser at lower altitudes, so sound waves are deflected upwards.   A jet should be loudest when overhead, but as it moves away, the loudness drops to zero.  The sound waves that were initially aimed at your location are curving upwards, missing the ground, and going back into the sky.

In countries at war, people notice that distant bomb explosions are silent.  But if you're far enough away, they're audible again.  The sound waves raced along the ground, bent upwards, then reflected back down from thermal layers in the air.   This gives a ring of silence miles across, with the explosion in the center.
That's Poplar.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doppler_effect   
http://d37nnnqwv9amwr.cloudfront.net/photos/images/original/000/001/582/picard-facepalm.jpg?1240934151
I was worried nobody'd get it.
There's a rule against jokes in top level comments.
Well good thing it's not a top level comment.
Actually it is.  That means comments near the top of the thread.

Summary:
(I'm not talking about frequency; I know how the Doplar Effect works.)
The description says "I'm not talking about frequency; I know how the doppler effect works"
It said "I know how the Doplar effect works".
