Original Response:
Let's say I want to build a solar sail, traveling at a constant, but slow acceleration toward either Alpha Centauri or even Gleise. How long would such a journey take, given the acceleration and distance? Best or worst case scenario?
Acceleration would decrease over time as you moved away from the Sun. Your acceleration would also depend on the area of the sail; it would have to be huge to provide any decent acceleration.
Could I ask a clarifying question about this? I'm also interested in the answer, but I'm not a space scientist of any ilk.

Specifically, it seems to me in my ignorance, that it would be a function of the method of generating force against the solar sail, whether Solar radiation, or laser from earth...etm; the area of the sail; and the total mass of the ship.

From that we should be able to guestimate the acceleration and possibly the duration force could be applied against the sail. But maybe there are already published articles that address this in detail?

Robert L. Forward wrote a series of stories involving a ship that used a solar sail: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rocheworld. He was a physicist and aerospace engineer as well as a great hard science fiction author, but I'm not able to tell how much of his description was based on science and how much on speculation.
It would depend on the surface area of the sail and the mass of the ship.  The larger the surface area, the faster it will go and the larger the mass, it slower it will go.

Start here:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_sail
I'm thinking all sail and a ship that is too small for a human to fit in.

But thanks for the wiki link.
You want to read about Robert L. Forward's "Starwisp" concept. 

\- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starwisp -
I do not think this question can be realistically answered with current technology.

The Japanese space agency only in 2010 launched the world's first satellite to use solar sail as primary propulsion. 

Not only do you have to accelerate the satellite but you also have to heat it and power its electronics.

Probably you would accelerate within the heliosphere, drift across interstellar space, and decelerate in the target star's heliosphere.

If you went as fast as Pioneer or Voyager you'd be something like 40K to 80K years to the next star. (You can look up the time on wiki. I do not remember it offhand).

In short, I don't think it's at all possible.
For the purpose of this research, time is not an issue, nor is speed. I am simply trying to get an estimate of:

A) The relative speed at which a solar sail could theoretically travel

and 

B) The time it would take for said solar sail to reach nearby stars. (This calculation is pretty easy once I know how fast a solar sail could theoretically travel.


It could be 10k years or a million years...  or 15 years. That part doesn't matter to me as much, since I'm not talking about human passengers.
The wikipedia article someone else linked had some magic (i.e. invented) numbers giving a speed of 30 AU per year. There being about 63,000 AU in a light year and about 4.3 light years to the nearest star, that's about 9500 years. This assumes you don't slow down in interstellar space. Magic numbers are really all you can expect until advances in technology.

*Theoretically* since a sailboat can (proven) sail faster than the wind speed, you could probably get up to almost light speed, given a few thousand (tens of thousand?) or so years to accelerate ...
Fair enough.  This is all still good for what I need.  Appreciate the feedback.

Summary:
or so years to accelerate ...
It would depend on the surface area of the sail and the mass of the ship.
(This calculation is pretty easy once I know how fast a solar sail could theoretically travel.
I'm thinking all sail and a ship that is too small for a human to fit in.
