Original Response:
Can you think of a time when we were able to accurately predict ANYTHING a century in advance? Me either.
That's like asking someone to predict the winner of the Kentucky Derby with the only known information being the choice of cereal of one the jockeys twenty years prior.
There is no way of knowing. We're doing the "Red Queen" thing right now. It's important to remember that humans not only have to compete with other humans, we also have to compete with the bits of self replicating DNA which humans and other animals have produced over the centuries (viruses). Furthermore, we're not likely to evolve in a fashion which would make us unable to mate with modern humans for at least a half million years, which was when Cro-Magnons began existing.

For an interesting bit of Science Fiction on the subject, take a look at Kurt Vonnegut's Galapogos. People imagine that humans will become these huge brained things, that our intelligence will only continue increasing. However, Vonnegut puts forth that while intelligence is a wonderful and glorious thing, it is not the best for evolution. It makes people make stupid choices, like suicide, nuclear war, and stammering awkwardness. 

He uses the example of the blue footed booby, an animal which is evolving away from natural flight. While it once had the ability to soar gloriously, it eventually became a waste of energy.
I think we can come up with some reasonable, general predictions based on the selective pressures we currently face. 

For example, if HIV continues to ravage Africa, it seems likely to me that any mutations that halt or slow the infectivity of the virus will be selected for. Another disease, Malaria, has already shaped human phenotypes by selecting for mutations that can protect against infection (unfortunately, if homozygous for this mutation, the individual has sickle cell anemia).

In general, we can expect humans to evolve based on whatever the selective pressures may be in the future, most likely from pathogens. Thanks to scientific research though, we have been able to cure many diseases that otherwise would have been acting as a selective force. The tricky part then will be trying to determine what forces will govern successful reproduction in the future... Diseases, red hair, penis size, IQ, eye lash length...impossible to say

Summary:
In general, we can expect humans to evolve based on whatever the selective pressures may be in the future, most likely from pathogens.
