Original Response:
You are forgetting that dark skinned people absorb more light, which also means it can't reach the eye.
I have no idea if my thesis of "lighter skin = darker" makes sense or not. But I don't think your approach is true. I somehow imagine the "absorbed" light to be *in* the eyelids and therefore making the acutal eye brighter behind the lid.
Just like a black fly screen on a window will let more light pass through than a white one.
That's not really how light works though. I'd try and explain but my limited knowledge might throw you in the wrong direction.
"That's not really how light works …" Now I have the sudden urge to declare that *I am not dumb!*
Well, black skin does absorb more light in itself. This is the reason why black cars get hotter than white cars. The question remains, however, Which skin color lets more light pass through it. Since white skin reflects light, but black skin absorbs light. I dunno which one "prevents" the most amount of light from reaching the eye.
think of it as a white cloth vs a black cloth, the black cloth absorbs more light but it does not make it brighter on the other side as much as a white cloth would.. at least that is my random thought on it.
Nice thought. Maybe this keeps me from having to paint my eyelids black tomorrow …
I believe that dark skin is more opaque, and light skin more translucent. Thus the light absorbed by dark skin is stopped and actually absorbed by the material, where light skin allows light to pass through. Similar in effect to viewing through clear glass as opposed to  welders goggles.
To shed some light (pun intended) on light absorption:
When light hits a surface, it can be:

    * Reflected
    * Absorbed
    * Transmitted

As you said, light skin would reflect a larger portion of light than dark skin. Dark skin would absorb more than light skin. Both will absorb more than they reflect, and both will transmit some light. The amount of light transmitted is what would affect the darkness when you close your eyes.

I do not claim to know which of your options transmit least light, but hopefully I've cleared up some of the mechanics for you. 

:)
[deleted]
Note that it absorbs the radiation, not necessarily "brightness". Skin doesn't work like glow in the dark star stickers.
[deleted]
Paint *one* eyelid black so you can compare the two.  Or dark eye shadow - whatever mimics melanin better.

But from a biological standpoint, the main purpose of melanin is to block harmful UV light from damaging the dermis.  If melanin blocks the transmission of visible light as effectively as it does UV, I would assume darker colored eyelids would allow less light to pass through to the retina.
Can you clarify what you mean by transmitted and how it's different from being absorbed? I'm sure I could easily Google that but I think it's better to have it *here* as a discussion. :)
Absorbed:  Material absorbs light energy and converts to heat or another form of energy.  Tranmitted:  Light energy travels through material relatively unimpeded.
Thanks, I just thought about it traveling through a medium, not about it being converted to heat and didn't see the difference.
Transmitted: Photon is let through
Absorbed: Photon gets stopped dead in it's tracks.
Reflected: Photon gets kicked back out on the street.

Summary:
Dark skin would absorb more than light skin.
Well, black skin does absorb more light in itself.
Both will absorb more than they reflect, and both will transmit some light.
Since white skin reflects light, but black skin absorbs light.
