Original Response:
My wife was living through a war (Bosnia, 92-95) when she was supposed to be in grades 7 - 10, so she missed out on a lot of basic science classes during that time. She's smart as hell, but she just never got to make up for those lost years of school so she has some gaps in basic science knowledge/understanding. What is the best way to help her learn the fundamentals? Should we just buy a grade 10 Science text? Or is there something better? Help me help my girl catch up!

Edit: Thanks a ton for the suggestions so far! I also just thought there might be some good stuff on iTunesU podcasts.
Why not go for "Six Easy Pieces (1994)" and maybe move on to "Six not-so-easy Pieces (1998)". They are abbreviated Feynman Lectures and might be more engaging than a textbook!
That's cool, I'll probably get that for myself, but I'm looking for something that will cover the full spectrum of 101 physics, biology, geology, chemistry, astronomy. I've searched around online and at the bookstore, but there doesn't seem to be much besides a classic high school textbook.
There's a ton of information out there, whether it be used textbooks, the library, online resources like sparknotes - the problem is communicating and retaining that information.  If your wife is great at self-learning, just a textbook might be enough (I'd start with 8th grade life science, then move up to general bio, general chem, then general physics), otherwise, some sort of tutorial help would be good - I'm sure youtube has a ton of videos just for this purpose.
Well strangely I came across this just minutes after reading this question...

[Wikibooks is a wiki for open textbooks...not sure how good it is. Here's the science page...dig around.](http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Subject:Science)
My general method for learning something new, is ask someone knowledgeable about the field what's the best textbook(s) then try buying cheap used copies.  Often the 5th edition of a $100 textbook that's currently in the 6th edition, will be under $10 on amazon.  I'd also consider getting books where you can buy solutions manual.  Introductory science almost never significantly changes.

The hard part is finding the time to learn it.  You can't learn physics/math without solving problems yourself, you need to do problems yourself (and then check that the solutions are correct).  

Others may disagree, but I would also skip directly to the introductory college texts making sure that there's a remedial math text.  Intro science course starts with no assumptions of knowledge, except math and maybe other college courses.

Also note trying to learn things by yourself takes more discipline, so it may be best to try enrolling in an intro course at a community college or something.  I haven't looked at the [university of reddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/UniversityOfReddit) in much detail but that could be useful.
http://khanacademy.org/

This guy does an EXCELLENT job of taking anyone through zero math and science knowledge to basic college level.
I second this post, Khan Academy is amazing, and best of all its free!

I donated though, after learning basics statistics.
I like [Hyperphysics](http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/hframe.html) for a handy reference.
Well, it depends what she wants to learn. Does she just care about facts (which I would argue are not _science_, per se, but the result of science)? Or does she want to become adept at science as a process?

For the latter, which is really what science is, it takes a total change in mindset. This is hard to accomplish from a book. She'll need to be doing inquiry always, and understanding fluently how to apply that to hypothesis forming and testing. Since this inevitably requires much failure - which is very important in itself, it can be hard to learn. 

I guess I would recommend starting by having her go to a place she likes and just observing things, and writing down questions she has about them, and writing down how to figure out the answers to those questions. That is science.
Once she is in for some more advanced reading you can check out the [NCBI bookshelf](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books) for free textbooks.
I haven't used it as a reference. but i am fairly sure it isn't very suitable for learning the topics from zero..

Summary:
I haven't used it as a reference.
Should we just buy a grade 10 Science text?
I donated though, after learning basics statistics.
What is the best way to help her learn the fundamentals?
