Original Response:
Like it says in the title. I always thought fountain soda tasted much better than regular soda, followed by metal can, glass bottle, and plastic bottle. I mean the same brand of soda, just in different containers. Is this just placebo effect?
The taste difference is not from the actual soda but the difference in temperature as the soda begins to warm at different rates depending on the container. Glass containers usually insulate the soda very well but unfortunately weigh a lot more and cost more to transport. 
(edit) Fountain soda's are mixed on the spot thus may be more "fresh". More carbonation etc.
&lt;fact&gt;
The differences in pre-made (canned, bottled) soda are negligible these days.  Cans have plastic linings, plastics used in bottling are very inert, and glass is of course tasteless and inert as a bottling material.  Factories producing the soda for these containers have water purity standards to ensure uniformity.  

Fountain soda, on the other hand, has many variables.  It's generally made from syrup and water, mixed in a carbonating machine.  The water purity can vary based on location and treatment, the carbonation can vary based on calibration, and the ratio of syrup to water can be modified. 
&lt;/fact&gt;
&lt;speculation&gt;
Certain cheaper establishments appear to me to have more watery soda.  
 One wonders if this is a cost saving measure. 
&lt;/speculation&gt;
Also some glass bottle sodas (like some Coca-Cola glass bottle variants) are made differently than other glass bottle sodas. 

For instance the smaller glass bottles of Coke you see at grocery stores in six packs (bottled in the US) are made with HFCS.  While the longer taller single class bottles of coke (bottled in Mexico actually) are made with just Sugar (cane sugar i think?).
In addition to the carbonation, the exact ratio of water to concentrated syrup varies from place to place, resulting in different flavors.
In my experience, there is a difference between plastic/can and glass containers, and between these and fountain soda, which kind of goes in its own category because there are so many variables.

Glass is inert.  I prefer it and a "good" fountain soda.  Plastics (and the plastic lining in a can, as aluminum is not considered a  food-safe material by itself) can leach substances into the soda and impart a plasticky taste.  This is much less of a big deal than it used to be (and in general, more leaching takes place into warm or hot, fatty liquids, which soda is generally not), but I can definitely observe a faint plasticky taste sometimes, especially at my parents' house where they leave the soda in the garage when they have too much, and it gets very hot in the summer.

Fountain soda depends a lot on the water at the location and how they calibrate their machines (and whether they're low on syrup), as meepstah noted.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just speculating, but I think it's possible that plastic has more nucleation sites (i.e. from jagged polymer edges) than glass for the carbon dioxide to leave solution. 

Edit: could also have to do with the fact that plastic bottles (polyethylene) are nonpolar and that glass (silicon dioxide) is relatively polar.  This could make the carbon dioxide feel uncomfortable resting between water molecules.
I'm not sure that's necessarily true; if you're testing that theory make sure you've got the two at identical temperatures and that you handle them minimally to avoid messing with the results.  That said, supposing it is true, there are two explanations which do not involve different carbonation levels: 

1.  The plastic bottle is rougher on the inside or around the cap, offering more nucleation sites to initiate bubble release while pouring. 

2.  The shape of the plastic bottle creates more turbulence while handling or pouring, releasing more gas int he process.

Summary:
I mean the same brand of soda, just in different containers.
I prefer it and a "good" fountain soda.
Also some glass bottle sodas (like some Coca-Cola glass bottle variants) are made differently than other glass bottle sodas.
Fountain soda, on the other hand, has many variables.
