Original Response:
[deleted]
Ethanol's vapor pressure is only 5.95 kPa at 20 Celsius.  No noticeable amount of evaporation is going to occur in a closed container of either size.
Not to mention the enormous azeotrope between water and alcohol.
I have no clue what you're talking about. Azeotrope refers to the point where composition of the solution and the composition of the vapour in equilibrium with it are equal. I don't see how what we're discussing has to do with azeotrope - let alone an "enormous" one. What does that even mean?

Are you talking about the negative deviation from [Raoult's law](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raoult%27s_law)?
Perhaps I'm confused by the call of the question but it seems the OP was asking if the last bit of liquor in the bottle contained less alcohol.  If the water has a tendency to go with the alcohol in equal parts (i.e. strong azeotrope) then the concentration should stay the same regardless whether evaporation has occurred.
correct me if I'm wrong, but ethanol/water have an azeotropic ratio of approx. 95.5%/4.5%...meaning that distillation (or evaporation) will result in a distillate that has higher EtOH concentration, leaving the leftover solution with less. 

If water goes with the EtOH in equal parts, distillation (and liquor production) wouldn't do anything, right?

But yes, my question was whether the last bit of liquor contains less alcohol. I think Quarkster is correct, if I'm remembering the information from my chemistry degree correctly.
The azeotrope of water/ethanol mixture, as justthedeets has mentioned, is near 95% ethanol, which is beyond the usual concentrations of alcoholic beverages. At any concentration below that, evaporation will decrease the concentration of ethanol in solution.
You are correct. Quarkster's main point is that the headspace of your bottle and the vapour pressure of ethanol are sufficiently small for changes in concentration in the solution to be significant.

Of course, if you keep the bottle open for hours, that might be a different story...

Summary:
Not to mention the enormous azeotrope between water and alcohol.
But yes, my question was whether the last bit of liquor contains less alcohol.
