Original Response:
Maybe I'm a little misguided here, but love is essentially attachment to someone due to certain chemicals in the body. Am I correct? What I'm wondering is if there is any way to use this knowledge to purposefully stop loving someone. Any thoughts?
I don't think there's a pill you can take, if that's what you mean. You'd probably be better off talking to psychologists rather than scientists.
I wasn't necessarily referring to a pill, but if there were a pill that would certainly be interesting. I would agree with you that a psychologist would have the most knowledge about the subject.
Psychologist are scientists  
  
edit: you are so fickle reddit, +4 one hour, 0 the next.  Psychologists even have their own r/askscience legend.
SSRIs have been shown to blunt love feelings, due to SSRIS decreasing dopaminergic transmission.
Negative reinforcement through shocks and/or unpleasant noises has been shown to counter the feeling of love in children [source](/http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Albert_experiment) (replacing it with terror). I don't know if there have been any studies on doing this as an adult (and where the subject is another human), but I suspect you might get blunted results in the same vein.
I once came across a self-help book in a hostel called "How to Fall Out of Love." It was written by a behavioural therapist, and includes examples of techniques that are used to condition the individual's thinking patterns. 

For example: write down a list of every hurtful thing which the person you love has ever said, every situation in which he/she embarrassed you or caused you pain, and relive everything on that list- FULLY relive it and feel it and think about it and immerse yourself in it. Or create a mental picture of him or her at their absolute worst- the ugliest, most hideous sight you can imagine and bring up that picture whenever you find yourself daydreaming about them.

It takes a long time and it's not really scientific, but c'est la vie
But really the hormone most associated with bonding is oxytocin, is it not? Not dopamine.
Those chemical are usually produced in the presence of that significant other, so if you wanted to purposely stop that chemical shower, distance would probably have the best effect.  Their absence, along with a cessation of communication, would eventually lessen your 'chemical dependence' on the person in question, at least in theory....that is, until you latch on to some other poor, unsuspecting soul and start the process all over again.
[deleted]

Summary:
I would agree with you that a psychologist would have the most knowledge about the subject.
I don't think there's a pill you can take, if that's what you mean.
