Original Response:
I am making a speech about [this PhD comic](http://www.phdcomics.com/comics.php?n=1162) and I would want to squeeze as much fact possible into a 10-minute presentation. Do you have any other information that I can use aside from the paper referenced by the comic?
On a related note, and perhaps something you can use (in case, wohoo, I'm not even hijacking!): how "much mutation" (however you measure that - number of chromosomes? cells?) is needed at one place to cause cancer? It's often said (well, it's fact) that cancer can be caused by e.g. ionizing radiation screwing up DNA strands. A single electron knocked out of place can't possibly cause cancer though, can it?
If I knew the answer to this I would be a famous man. 

Every cancer is unique, there are some similarities in some of them and some pathways which are accidentally activated or deactivated which are key to a successful tumour. However anyone who says each cancer cell has x mutations is full of shit. The only right answer is 1 to 3.2 billion (not including epigenetic effects).
A single electron knocked out of place causes a break in a chemical bond which might flip a nuclotide which might activate the anti apoptotic pathways in a cell which might already have mutations in the pathways controlling cell growth which cause unregulated growth which also has mutations preventing the cells from being recognized by the immune system.........
Might, might and a prerequisite mutation "might" on top of that. I take that as "very slim chance". ;)
Bingo. Cancers are not caused by single mutations, rather an accumulation of mutations in the right pathways. Ionizing radiation increases the mutation frequency and thus increases your risk of cancer.
I don't think a single mutation, even in the perfect spot, can give someone cancer.  Though I would be interested to know the answer.

It's probably X - 3.2 billion, though I don't think anyone knows what X is.
Agreed
So, how do you think should I explain to my audience why all cancers will almost never be cured?
What level is your audience?
Finished with high school biology. But I'm confident I can explain concepts pretty well, so give me your best shot.
Here's a short explanation. I've tried to dig up some links but so far most of them are not great.

A cell which is going to become cancerous has several hurdles to overcome as, during development and differentiation, it has shut down many of the pathways required for growth. Also there are many checks on the pathways which control the growth pathways to ensure that a cell does stop dividing when it is supposed to. All of these pathways are active during growth and some cells still divide actively even later in life, and so are more prone to cancer, such as cells of the immune system, skin and gut epithelia and germ line cells.

In addition the immune system is constantly on the lookout for cells expressing aberrant proteins whether to protect from viruses or cancerous cells. You constantly produce cancerous cells but they are moped up by your immune system. Consequently a successful cancerous cell has to evade the immune system as well.

The point is that there are many redundancies and no single mutation in any pathway can directly cause cancer, rather it is the slow accumulation of mutations which may eventually lead to cancer. Furthermore there is no fixed mutations which are necessary and a cell can take many routes to become cancerous. Since the number of genes which are oncogenic, mutations in which can contribute to cancer, number in the hundreds if not thousands every tumour has a unique compliment of mutations and requires a unique approach to treatment.

Summary:
Consequently a successful cancerous cell has to evade the immune system as well.
A single electron knocked out of place can't possibly cause cancer though, can it?
Cancers are not caused by single mutations, rather an accumulation of mutations in the right pathways.
