Original Response:
[deleted]
[deleted]
You would not know anything happened for 8.2 minutes (or so, depending on where we are in our orbit).

Light (and gravity) take 8.2 minutes to reach the earth from the sun.
it would get cold, really fast. eventually we'd fall into a gas giant and warm up real quick.
I knew that about light, but I didn't know gravity moved at the speed of light... In fact it's never even occurred to me that gravity has a speed at all.
After those ~8 minutes we would fly off into space along the tangent to our previous orbit of the Sun.
You are positing a Universe in which the Sun is capable of suddenly disappearing. This is not possible in our Universe, nor with the laws of physics that we understand.

Since this hypothetical situation you have proposed does not follow known physics, it is impossible for us to say what would happen. We have nothing by which to base our comments on.
It has to - no information can travel faster than the speed of light. Changes in gravity couldn't travel instantaneously. In fact, no such thing as "instantaneously" really even exists.
Speculation at this point, as I don't have the necessary models to answer accurately.  

Remember that an object in motion tends to stay in motion unless acted upon.  Now, the sun was acting upon the orbits, as were the other orbits - so I would suspect we would see a slow decay of the orbits rather then anything super sudden.

In general this isn't something that happens - which is why speculation is involved.  A star may explode, or implode, but never simply disappear.
Base it on there being no sun?
The Earth is moving at a tangent to its orbit and the orbit is the result of an acceleration towards the sun and a tangential velocity sufficient that the Earth does not fall directly towards the Sun but orbits instead. If the Sun were to suddenly disappear, the acceleration towards the Sun would not be there any more and only the Earth's tangential velocity would remain.
right - however, I don't think it would be terribly quick, but more a slow move away from our orbit. Changes would be seen over days, not hours.
In any realistic scenario, you're right. The poster said "abruptly disappear" in which case the acceleration towards the Sun would similarly abruptly disppear as well (with an eight minute delay from the Sun actually disappearing.)

Summary:
Base it on there being no sun?
You would not know anything happened for 8.2 minutes (or so, depending on where we are in our orbit).
