Original Response:
Is it doing anything productive?  Does it happen to everyone?
"During cold weather, the cilia, which normally sweep mucus away from the nostrils and toward the back of the throat (see respiratory epithelium), become sluggish or completely cease functioning. This results in mucus running down the nose and dripping (a runny nose). Mucus also thickens in cold weather; when an individual comes in from the cold, the mucus thaws and begins to run before the cilia begin to work again"   

[Source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mucus#Cold_weather_and_mucus)
Thanks medstudent22!  

Is there anything I can do to prolong their functioning? - hydration?
I'm not sure.  My first thought was those [running masks](http://www.achooallergy.com/mask-coldweathermask.asp) that have been marketed toward people with exercise induced asthma/bronchospasm.  If they keep the lungs humidified and warm, maybe it would help your nose stay the same.  I don't know anything about the efficacy of masks for either purpose though.
I have the same problem but with running in any weather, not just cold. It can be 100 degrees outside, and if I'm running, I'll be blowing my nose every few minutes.
Interesting! You are also fine otherwise?
[deleted]
Do you have seasonal allergies?
Yes, as far as I know.
I don't normally have a runny nose at anytime of the year while doing regular activities, but my nose always runs like crazy if I'm exercising hard enough, regardless of the season.
That's interesting, made me think about [exercise induced rhinitis](http://www.ehow.com/about_6533501_nose-run-excerise_.html) (sorry I couldn't find a better source that wasn't a journal article).
Interesting. That sounds like what I have.
[deleted]
That does sound like a very mild case of allergies. I have mild grass allergy, and this certainly applies to me. A zyrtec fixes it, but my case is so mild I usually just don't bother.
This is somewhat speculative, but I remember reading that when it is cold, mucus becomes more viscous. The body needs mucus to be semi-fluid, so it changes the composition of the mucus to make it less viscous, bringing it back to its normal consistency. But then when you come indoors the mucus warms up and becomes extra-runny.

This wouldn't explain why it is runny while still cold though.
Is there a way to make them stop functioning forever so I don't have to fight to not throw up because my throat is half-filled with mucus?

Or just preventing the completely-fucked-up-throat part of the problem.
In the winter the air humidity decreases.  One of the main functions of your nasal tract is to warm and moisten the air entering your lungs.  Thus in winter where the air is extra dry and cold, your nasal tract produces excess mucus to both moisten and warm the air by increasing transfer of water and heat to the hair.

Summary:
I have the same problem but with running in any weather, not just cold.
That sounds like what I have.
Is there anything I can do to prolong their functioning?
