Original Response:
[deleted]
I am not an expert on this matter, but could you perhaps be misinterpreting "hearing" something and "interpreting" something? We "hear" them at the same time, but in order to process what is being said, perhaps that is the slower part.
You are asking about a topic called sensory integration. Unfortunately, this is a complicated area. Basically, there is not a spot in the brain where inputs are synced (in face syncing would sometimes be a bad idea such as when watching someone talk from a distance.) Unfortunately, the answer is we don't really know where it happens. (Or if we do I don't know enough to tell you how it happens.) [As a starting point, here is a good PBS article on audio-visual tolerances and television](http://www.current.org/dtv/dtv1011audioquality.shtml), [here is another article on the audio system overriding the visual system](http://www.current.org/dtv/dtv1011audioquality.shtml), [here is the wikipedia article on the subject](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sensory_integration#Audiovisual_system), [this article doesn't quite answer your question but is peer reviewed and a Great discussion of the subject](http://www.physiol.ox.ac.uk/Research_Groups/Auditory_Neuroscience_Group/pdfs/King_MultiSensory_Integration_2005.pdf).

Also this is really a question for r/cogsci (my choice) or r/neuroscience (a little too small to be useful). They have more expertise in this area. Good luck.
I *think* what I read was the processing part. I mean I can only assume that when our ear-drums are hit with vibrations from the air the brain has to process those vibrations to make sound. Just like when light falls onto our retinas the brain has to process it to make an image. I'm not talking about processing the audio to make words but the actual hard-processing the brain does to make us sense the audio. Kind of get what I'm saying? I know it's a little bit "out there" as far as questions go but it's just one of the (many) little questions that wander into my mind and I wanted to know if anyone knew about this.
Thanks so much! I'll take a look at those links. Yeah I have a tendency to come up with questions with no answer. I'm the type that thinks about little things like this all the time (especially about the brain, it completely fascinates me), and this little thought has been a very persistent one that I've been thinking on for months and haven't really had anyone even attempt to answer me until now. Again, thanks!
I don't know the answer, but I'd wager that the apparent discrepancy is a figment of our interpretation of "processing".
*cdcox* is right in saying it's "sensory integration". As you may know, the brain is compartmentalized into areas of specific processing- although it's not that black-and-white. In any case, compared to the average size of a neuron, these places are exceedingly far away from each other. In addition, the visual cortex is not processing auditory input, so they are relatively disconnected in this frame-work. One way the brain resolves this is through special areas of the brain called "association cortices". There are a number of them, and they compose of cells which receive information from a number of different sensory areas (i.e. auditory, somatosensory, visual, etc..). This helps in the *binding problem*. 

I should also just mention that your question is neither naive or simple.  In fact it remains the hardest question for us neuroscientists to answer: How does everything come together?

I happen to work on one proposed mechanism which also relates to your question. Now that everything is coming into specific areas, how does the brain time-stamp everything? One possibility is through the phenomenon of *synchrony*. You may have heard of the term "brain waves". What that means is that cells in the brain can fire at certain patterns - from ~ 1 action potential/sec to 200+. These have all been classified and are related to specific behavioural or sensory manifestations.

One of them, gamma, has cells firing from 40+Hz. The importance of this is that there is a possibility that binding can occur when all these cells are firing all at the same frequency in the same "phase" - or at the same time. Thus the brain can then develop a time-stamp based on that. 

I hope I was clear enough to shed some light on this question. As for how specifically the brain puts it together to generate a conscious experience...well, your guess is as good as mine.
I am a researcher who is involved with projects that study multisensory integration.  Cdcox says that it is a complicated area, and that is certainly the case,  I could talk your ear off about all of this, and your question is an interesting one, but it raises a great number of issues that are all interrelated.  I do think that there are a few interesting things that I can relate to you in a single post, and will start to tease apart a few of the things you refer to.

First off, it takes time for your brain to process incoming information.  If there is a point at which incoming information is "fully" processed, it is greater than 100 ms for both the visual and the auditory modalities.  Whatever number you come up with for "processed," it will be dependent on some arbitrary threshold for the extent of neural interactions that you consider "processed."  If you listen to a symphony and are still thinking about it three days later, does that mean that you are still processing that auditory information?

To put some numbers to sensory stimulation, it takes maybe 20-40 ms for auditory information to reach the neocortex (the "thinking, processing" part of the brain), and maybe 80-120 ms for visual information.  On the way there, the auditory information passes through the cochlear nucleus, the superior olivary nucleus, the inferior colliculus, the thalamus, and finally arrives at the neocortex.  A visual signal will pass through several synapses in the retina, then through the lateral geniculate nucleus of the thalamus, and then on to the neocortex.  Each of these steps are opportunities for rudimentary levels of processing.  There are also places in this chain where information from other sensory modalities can "cross over" and influence this primary pathway of informational flow.  However, much sensory processing and a great deal of what is considered "cognition" happens in the neocortex.

To muse on one strand of thought in your original question, one of the most interesting revelations is one that you provided a link to-- given that sensory processing takes time, as does motor output, how can we interact with the world if we are always 100 ms behind on perceiving what is out there, and at least a further 100 ms behind perception in our actions?  When clapping along to music, trying to catch a ball, or playing an instrument, 200ms is a pretty appreciable amount of time.  We are always living "in the past" in all of our senses, and our brain is built so that we can automatically compensate for this, and thus, never notice it.
An interesting series of experiments were performed by Benjamin Libet.  Consciousness was what he was after.  One arbitrary signpost for the conclusion of processing is the moment that information enters into consciousness.  Libet studied mental chronometry from the other direction.  He asked his experimental subjects to make a flicking motion with their wrists.  The subjects were instructed to watch a clock and report the exact moment that they first felt the inclination to flick their wrists.  He found that his subject's brain waves differed up to a full half-second before they felt the first impetus to flick their wrists, meaning that subjectively, the decision was made to flick the wrist well before a person was aware that they were going to do such a thing.  His interpretation was that this illusion was a by-product of agency: that consciousness exists to give the illusion of living in the present, when in actuality, we live in the past.  There is no need for consciousness if all of our actions are predetermined.
To address the question of integration, there are two interesting illusions that you could consult.  There is an illusion commonly referred to as the "Shams Illusion".  Basically, a dot appears on a screen at the same time that two quick beeps are presented, or a single beep is presented.  Even though in actuality the dot stays on the screen continuously, the two beeps will cause you to perceive the dot as flickering, or appearing twice, whereas the condition of the continuous beep will cause you to perceive the dot as coming on and staying on.

On the other hand, the ventriloquism illusion is often cited as an example in certain conditions of the prepotency of the visual over the auditory.  If a visual stimulus is presented in different locations along with an auditory stimulus, and a subject is asked to point to the location of the auditory stimulus, the subject's guess will be biased toward the visual stimulus, wherever it appears.

In retrospect, both of these illusions make sense: the auditory system is better for estimating timing, and the visual for estimating location.  It is only reasonable that when given conflicting input, you will bias a location estimate toward the visual stimulus, and a timing estimate toward the auditory stimulus.
Thanks so much for this well written reply, which was probably most helpful to me! I've been thinking about this problem for at least two months now and was never able to find someone whom I could ask to relieve my undying curiosity. On top of that, things like this, and the human brain overall and these types of processes extremely fascinate me so these types of questions come up often in my mind :D

Beyond that I'm in high school looking to hopefully get into neurosciences or something of that sort so that's why I love asking these types of questions, and moreover, reading great responses like yours. Thank you!
The living in the past, from a sensory aspect, thing made me think.

If I were to tap on the side of a mug, I know from experience that it will slide in the direction I am tapping it. But if for some reason, the laws of physics changed the instant my finger touched the mug and the mug actually moved upwards. Would I see, for a split second, the cup move sideways, or would I see it only move upwards?

From what you are saying, it sounds like I would see it move sideways slightly, then move upwards, almost like an optical illusion or something.
This is actually a huge problem for tennis referees. Their brain compensates for the latency by "seeing" the ball further along its flight path than it is, often resulting in bad calls. They actually see the "bounce" which occurs when the ball hits the ground, but in their mind, the ball is already 10 or 20 or 30 cm farther along, so they call it "out" even though it may be well within the lines!

This only became evident with high-speed cameras, and led to quite a controversy!
I'd love for more cogsci-ers and neuroscience-ers to join the panel :3

*wink wink* *nudge*
Would you mind posting a comment to [this thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/bo0nm/askscience_panel_of_scientists/) and joining the panel?

This type of post is precisely what /r/AskScience is for, and I'd like to see more contributions from you - this was clear, informed, and interesting.
Tennis players (and table-tennis players!) are a good example of people who have to be experts at projecting the future. They have to know from the smallest twitch in the opponent's racket where and how the ball is going.

Summary:
First off, it takes time for your brain to process incoming information.
I *think* what I read was the processing part.
Yeah I have a tendency to come up with questions with no answer.
Consciousness was what he was after.
Unfortunately, the answer is we don't really know where it happens.
As you may know, the brain is compartmentalized into areas of specific processing- although it's not that black-and-white.
If there is a point at which incoming information is "fully" processed, it is greater than 100 ms for both the visual and the auditory modalities.
To address the question of integration, there are two interesting illusions that you could consult.
Would I see, for a split second, the cup move sideways, or would I see it only move upwards?
