Original Response:
If so many different animals could descend from a single species of one celled organism, than did this organism pass on every gene to create everything ever? If an amphibian could evolve into a reptile (correct me of I'm wrong) and a reptile into a bird, bird to mammal, to ape, to us, did this early amphibian hold human genes? Do we have genes from animals on previous steps of the evolutionary ladder?
No it doesn't work in reverse. You will have parts of the original one celled organism but the one celled organism has none of the traits of anything that is descended from it. Evolution is the genetic acquiring of new traits by way of natural selection. An origin species could be thought of as having no traits at all.
Great answer, but of course it doesn't have any traits yet. What I don't understand is the way these traits begin to appear. When a trait appears that better suits an animal to it's environment, this animal is more likely to survive and pass on the trait. But aren't traits inherited from genes? How about a wing for example? The gene to creat a wing must have been passed down for generations for it to appear as a physical trait. Or, does the DNA create new parts spontaneously? Im typing this on a Nook, (Kindle basically) and I cant copy or paste, so I apologize for forgetting to reply to yoir comment. Edit-- nor can I fix my typos
[Here's](http://science.howstuffworks.com/environmental/life/cellular-microscopic/dna8.htm) the HowStuffWorks page on DNA mutation, which may help clear things up for you.  Let me know if it doesn't.



As for your example of wings, they did develop slowly.  Organisms didn't jump from walking on four limbs to flying.  Here are the standard hypotheses for how wings evolved (copied from [here](http://www.ucmp.berkeley.edu/vertebrates/flight/evolve.html)).

1.)
Wings evolved from arms used to capture small prey. (This seems rational, so we can ask whether the ancestral forms were actually doing this.)

2.) Wings evolved because bipedal animals were leaping into the air; large wings assisted leaping. (This is possible; any amount of wing could assist leaping. Remember that we first need phylogenetic evidence for a bipedal running or leaping origin.)

3.) Wings were used as sexual display structures; bigger wings were preferred by potential mates. (This is a non-falsifiable evolutionary hypothesis — we cannot test it.)

4.) Wings evolved from gliding ancestors who began to flap their gliding structures in order to produce thrust. (This is reasonable and possible, but only with phylogenetic evidence for an arboreal gliding origin.)
&gt; The gene to creat a wing must have been passed down for generations for it to appear as a physical trait.

Nope. There may be parts of DNA that code for a wing that exist, but the entirety of the gene does not exist in the common ancestor. There are mechanisms by which new DNA is generated - say, a fragment of DNA that codes for trait A was duplicated erroneously. A mutation to that fragment cause it to express trait B. Now this organism not only has more physical DNA, it expresses both trait A and B. Compare that to the "ancestor," which has neither trait B nor the DNA for it.
Thanks for the answer. That definitly cleared things up.
No. Genes change over time. That's why evolution happens.

We have some in common, but most are different.

Summary:
The gene to creat a wing must have been passed down for generations for it to appear as a physical trait.
&gt; The gene to creat a wing must have been passed down for generations for it to appear as a physical trait.
Now this organism not only has more physical DNA, it expresses both trait A and B.
(This is possible; any amount of wing could assist leaping.
