Original Response:
I was looking at this picture posted earlier today http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4138/4820647230_faba1c9f3b_o.jpg and was wondering about the possibility of Earth-like planets around these larger stars. Would a planet similar to Earth be possible around these stars, just WAY farther out in orbit to compensate for the added size/heat/brightness of the large star? Or are there other factors that limit Earth-like planets to stars similar to our own sun?
[deleted]
Those extremely large stars are probably red *giants. That is, they were once the size similar to ours, and near the end of its life, it expands, keeping a similar mass, but a higher volume.

This is going to happen to our Sun, and it will supposedly stop just shy of Earth, completely engulfing Mercury and Venus, and baking Earth and Mars to a crispy black cinders.

I don't know about the blue ones and smaller. The thing is, solid planets like ours usually only form closer in to the Star, whereas the gas giants form further out, and they are the ones that will survive, until the Star fizzles out or explodes. Then they all just float off into space.
It will engulf earth.
The really big blue stars don't last long enough for life (as we know it) to form.
You mean Red Giants.
haha, yeah.
Sure there could be. But they would be ice worlds for most of the star's life-cycle. When the star expands, they might melt, and might become nice. However, this is for a relatively short period of time, as red giants don't last very long.  If they were closer in, when the star expands, they would be roasted and engulfed.
The short answer is yes, they can exist. the [habitable zone](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Habitable_zone) shifts.  How the planet was formed is also a key criteria.  As harbinjer mentioned, close terrestrial planets can be engulfed as the radius of the star increases by orders of magnitude.  I disagree with one of his points though.  outer planets in solar systems are generally He or H (in ice form) based due to the condensation temperature of various elements so they are not likely to be earth-like in composition (Carbon,Metals, etc).  These "earthlike" planets could be asteroids. The most likely scenario for a habitable body around such a large star would probably be as a moon of a outer gas-giant type planet.

Summary:
If they were closer in, when the star expands, they would be roasted and engulfed.
Those extremely large stars are probably red *giants.
