Original Response:
I am a physics student, but my focus is primarily in solar plasma physics. Can someone explain why a graviton is necessary for a Theory of Everything? Have any experiments been done that show GR breaks down on small scales? In seems silly to me to have two equations of the gravitational force. QFT and GR are both very accurate, experimentally, but from my understanding they can't both be correct. Is it possible for the graviton to be one and the same as the Higgs boson? I believe Higgs is supposed to be massive, neutral charge, and spinless, and the graviton is supposed to be massless, neutral, and spin 2, but is there any possibility there is a particle that "combines" (best word I can think of) the graviton and Higgs? Excuse my ignorance but any insight, or a point in the right direction to some literature, would be much appreciated.
A graviton is not necessary for a Theory of Everything and there is no direct evidence that gravitons exist.  There are some interesting experiments dealing with GR on small scales, but they are rather difficult to perform and have thus far not yielded any conclusive results; for example, we are currently trying to determine the source of the very small acceleration aberration in the Pioneer 10 and 11 probes. I'm not sure why you think having two incompatible equations is "silly"; it's simply a side-effect of our ignorance.  Reconciling them is the most important problem in modern theoretical physics.  The higgs and the graviton cannot be combined in the fashion you mention unless you are able to re-write the standard model in a way that makes sense and which is at least as successful as the current one at making predictions.  Anything is possible I suppose but replacing the standard model with another mathematical system has proven extremely difficult.  

Have a look at this paper which I seem to be pointing to a lot these days: http://arxiv.org/abs/0907.4238
If the gravitational field is quantized then it's carried by a gauge boson. The relationship between the graviton and gravitational radiation (which we've indirectly observed) is the same as the relationship between the photon and electromagnetic radiation.
This type of publication is exactly what I'm looking for, thank you for the help.
But why does it HAVE to be quantized? Again, excuse my ignorance, but why does gravity have to be quantized to fit the theory?
&gt; Is it possible for the graviton to be one and the same as the Higgs boson?

No, the simplest reason is that the Higgs is a massive particle, and so it would correspond to a short range interaction (much like the weak interaction). Since gravity is long range, one would expect a massless mediating particle.

A more complicated reason comes from GR. The gravitational field, or curvature of space-time, is generated by the stress-energy tensor (Tμν) . Since the mediating particle should then couple to this tensor, it must itself be a tensor to produce a Lorentz invariant Lagrangian, and so must be spin 2.

Similarly, the photon must couple to the charge/current 4-vector (Jμ) and so must be a vector (spin-1) to produce a Lorentz invariant Lagrangian.

&gt; QFT and GR are both very accurate, experimentally, but from my understanding they can't both be correct.

On a small enough scale, or alternatively at a high enough energy, QFT *cannot* be correct. The modern understanding of renormalization, the procedure for removing apparent divergences, is that it is evidence that the standard model is just a low energy effective theory which will break down eventually.

You can write down a quantum field theory for the graviton, but the renormalization procedure does not work and one is left with unphysical (i.e. infinite) predictions.

Someone will have to come up with a better way of doing business.
Because it is the best ride at the fair!

Oh, graviton, not gravitron!

I have no idea.
The biggest problem with General Relativity at the moment is the fact that it allows for singularities, which are commonly viewed as non-physical.  Similar to this, QFT theories of gravity have the problem where at a certain length scale (specifically the Planck scale), gravitons produce graviton produce gravitons, etc, and you quickly reach infinity, which isn't right.

Really, neither QFT or GR are correct when it comes to gravity at the very small scale (or very very high energy), which is why there is all this work with String Theory and Quantum Loop Gravity, etc.

The Graviton is just the name given for the quantum of gravity, if gravity is a quantum interaction (and there is absolutely no reason to doubt that it is at the moment), then the graviton exists.  And unless it looks very very different than we think, it will be spin 2.  The reason it is spin two is that the stress-energy tensor in GR is a second order tensor.  Because of this, the Higgs can't be the graviton, at least the way we understand them now.

Summary:
Is it possible for the graviton to be one and the same as the Higgs boson?
&gt; Is it possible for the graviton to be one and the same as the Higgs boson?
Because of this, the Higgs can't be the graviton, at least the way we understand them now.
QFT and GR are both very accurate, experimentally, but from my understanding they can't both be correct.
