Original Response:
We have a bedroom with a window that faces to the west, so the afternoon/evening sun shines right into it. 

I argue that so long as the sun is shining right into the window, the room will stay cooler with the window shut, because the window will block more thermal radiation.  I'm fine opening the window, just not when the sun is shining right into it. 

My wife argues that the room will stay cooler with the window open, to let the air circulate, regardless of the position of the sun. 

Which one of us is right? and if you could provide an explanation, I'd appreciate it.
Somebody answer this!

It's too hot up in the bitch. D:
Radiation from the sun passes through the glass.

Think of how a greenhouse works; sunlight passes through the glass, hits plants/ground, heats that up, heat is trapped inside the greenhouse.
It obviously depends upon how hot it is outside, which wasn't specified. A room that doesn't have sun coming through the window will be cooler with the window closed, but if the sun shines through the closed window, heat will be trapped on the room side and make it warmer inside. As said elsewhere, greenhouse effect.
...Do you have blinds? I might be totally wrong but it seems to me like opening the window and closing the blinds might work. Because then you get the circulation of air and even though the sun is shining on the window, the blinds block out the majority of the heat from the sunlight.
My room is situated in the exact same situation. As long as the air temperature outside is higher than the temperature inside, it is best to keep the window shut. As soon as the temperature is lower, whether or not the sun is shining towards you, you should open the window.
Think about sitting in a car. Does the sun feel hotter on your skin when its refracted through the glass onto your skin, or when you're standing outside the car?

For me, it's always felt hotter through the glass. In this case i would open the window and leave the blinds shut. As azsxjkl suggested. Scientifically i cannot say why.
Cannot be answered with given information. For example, if you also have air conditioning, it's probably cooler inside than it is out, and the moderate air circulatoin provided is negated by the fact that it's hot air. If it's *significantly* colder outside than it is in your house, it may be beneficial to have the window open.
Need more info:

DO you have a window with infra-red filtering glass?

Is it warmer outside than inside?

AC?

Ceiling fan in the room?

What is the nature of the prevailing winds?

Humidity levels?
&gt;DO you have a window with infra-red filtering glass?

I'm not sure.  I do know that they are double pained windows, but I don't know about any filtering properties. 

&gt;Is it warmer outside than inside?

don't know either.  I'll put a thermometer inside and measure. 


&gt;AC?

I live in Seattle, no one has AC. 

&gt;Ceiling fan in the room?

no.

&gt;What is the nature of the prevailing winds?

generally winds blow from the south, but there is no wind today. 

&gt;Humidity levels?

Not sure, it never gets very humid in seattle, so I'd say relatively low.
No AC.  If I had AC, the solution would be obvious.
we have curtains, but no one is arguing about what positions the curtains should be in, since it seems obviously better to have them shut if the sun is shining in and the goal is to cool the room.  

(given, if the air outside was much cooler, I'd open the curtains).
My room is similar. I have a fan that I put in the open window though, and yesterday it was very warm and all the fan did was blow in the hotter air from outside. And turning the fan to exhaust didn't seem to help much either.

My new plan consists of a trip to the dollar store and 2-3 car windshield reflectors to cover the whole window. I don't need natural light but I do need to feel cool and comfortable (and my broke ass can't afford A/C)

Summary:
I'm fine opening the window, just not when the sun is shining right into it.
Radiation from the sun passes through the glass.
(given, if the air outside was much cooler, I'd open the curtains).
Is it warmer outside than inside?
&gt;Is it warmer outside than inside?
