Original Response:
Do you really want to write 4,500,000,000 for the date every time you make out a check?
It's now popular convention that we are in the year CE 2012. It would be difficult now to get seven billion or more people to start using a different date system and this would cause confusion as some people would change and some people wouldn't. It's also a lot easier to say CE 2012 rather than "We live in the year four billion, five hundred million...". Also, as far as I'm aware, we only know the age of the Earth to within a couple hundred thousands years, far from accurate enough to give the exact year since the Earth formed. Finally, when would you start counting; when the Earth formed a sphere? When its surface became solid? and so on.
yeah, makes sense... thanks.
They also don't know the exact year, the 4.5 billion is an approximation
This isn't really science... But it turns out that humans just picked some arbitrary date to start counting from, i.e. christ's birth. You can find many other examples of different types of calenders all over the world: the Japanese have eras, muslims take the date after muhammad's birth etc etc... It's all made up, you could declare that your birth was year zero (no one would care, but it makes a point.). 

The problem with starting with the birth of the earth is because we don't accurately know exactly which year the earth was formed (in reality it formed over many millions of years during accretion). We only have about 3-4 sig figs on the date 4.54 GYA so that gives you a picture of accuracy...
Because the accretion disk cooled over millions of years, we know the date to the nearest ten million years! Very rough, if you're going to base a calendar system off of it!
Well, the Earth takes ~100 million years to form in most models, so that's about as precise as is possible.
Point taken, although I'm sure we can figure out another way around it.

Summary:
Finally, when would you start counting; when the Earth formed a sphere?
It's now popular convention that we are in the year CE 2012.
