Original Response:
I am currently with a volunteer organization teaching ithe Marshall Islands.  I am in Majuro, the main island, for mid service, so I have the luxury of Internet for the remainder of this week.  However, out at my placement site it is a very different world.

There is no Internet access, phones, or even running water.  There is solar powered electricity, but mainly that is only to power some lightbulbs at night.  The classrooms consist of a chalkboard and some desks, with occasionally enough desks for students.  While there are a lot of books, most of them are in English, not Marshallese.

I was sent here to teach English, but during the first two weeks I observed how they were teaching Science, and I was a little taken aback.  The teachers pull vocabulary words from the chapters, write them on the board, and write their English definitions. The students copy and memorize, then rewrite them for the test.  There was no comprehension!  One of the vocabulary words was Organ, and the given definition was something like, "tissue that performs a specific function" though I know that wasn't the exact definition.  I asked a student to give me an example of an organ.  She said tissue.  I told her the lungs are an organ, they help you breathe.  I asked again for an example.  She said specific. I have her another example, and asked again, and she said performs.  I told her the brain was an organ, and I asked her what it does, and she said function.
So you see how there is no comprehension!

Well, I talked to the teachers and told them the necessity of doing hands-on activities.  Long story short, they handed me the teachers manuals and I now teach Science.  It has been a challenge, because there are no materials to do experiments or demonstrations with, but thanks to my mom talking to a lot of people I have a lot of materials to work with, including a microscope!  There are still one or two things I would like to have, but I have learned to be flexible and make do.

I have written a year plan with activities and English integration for Life, Physical, and Earth and Environmental Science, leaning heavily on the McGraw Hill textbooks at the school.  I am teaching grades 1 through 8, though they are far far behind students in American schools.  I feel pretty confident that what I have come up with will be engaging and effective, but I turn to this community in the hope that you have some ideas for demonstrations or experiments that make an impression, and can be accomplished with limited supplies.

I want to do the best I can, because the sad fact of the matter is after this year they may never have a chance at a solid science education.  There is no guarantee that the teachers will pick up where I left off.  I want to give them some sort of a basic understanding of the way their world works. To give an example of some of their misconceptions, some adults thing America is up in the sky, because thats where the planes go.  Even if I only make an impresson on a few students...  Maybe I can inspire one of them to pursue a science-related career!  

I am looking forward to your feedback, r/askscience.  You've been awesome to me in the past.

Summary:
I asked again for an example.
I asked a student to give me an example of an organ.
I have her another example, and asked again, and she said performs.
