Original Response:
Hoping someone will catch my drift.

Let's assume that multiple dimensions (multiple worlds) do indeed exist, and in turn that many more than 4 dimensions exist.  We know we are three dimensional beings (plus time), that can move in three dimensions and through time.  Likewise, we know that if two dimensional beings existed, they would be unable to traverse the third dimension.

In the many worlds frame of thought, we can assume that every possible outcome for any event happens somewhere, along some timeline in another world that splits off the moment an event with different possible outcomes takes place.  If we were able to visit these other worlds we would likely see vastly different outcomes to certain events.

Events such as: Dinosaurs are not wiped out by an asteroid, humans do not descend from a common ape-like ancestor, Earth may not exist at all, etc...  the laws of physics are varied to some degree, such as the speed of light, or the weight of an electron may be different than as we know it now.

Still with me? 

A being that lives in the fifth dimension should be able to 'walk' through the fourth dimension, and a being in the sixth should be able to 'walk' in the fifth.  Neither of the two can 'walk' in a dimension higher than their ability to 'perceive.'

If in fact that every possible outcome eventually occurs, wouldn't it be a fact that at some point, a being has already evolved/formed that has the ability, either by machine or self-power, to traverse all the dimensions *and* each individual multiverse?  

I think it would create a paradox even if the being existed in the dimension directly under highest level dimension, the point of the sum of all possible outcomes of all dimensions.  The reasoning is that this being would be able to change the outcomes of all multiverses at will, thus negating the fact that every outcome will eventually happen, if the outcomes are changed.  If the outcomes are changed, then wouldn't that simply create another universe?  Wouldn't having that ability start to approach infinity?

Or would the being(s) be doing nothing more than fulfilling the final set of all possible outcomes for every possible event?  Even though the numbers are mind numbingly large, assuming that there is a finite amount of matter, then, there *is* a finite set of outcomes, regardless of how large that number might be.

EDIT: Never mind.  The possibility that a being like that could evolve/form, *could* be zero.  If it's not possible, then it's simply not possible.

Summary:
If it's not possible, then it's simply not possible.
If the outcomes are changed, then wouldn't that simply create another universe?
