Original Response:
How new behaviors catch on or are rooted out by the existing social structure in an animal species? Considering the behavior of most animals is very rigidly conformant to biological cues and sources (genetic, hormonal, etc).

In other words, have we studied what happens when an ant decides to "f*** the system" and does their own thing (even if due to genetic mutation)? What happens to the "system" of the colony as well as how it reacts to the ant?
[deleted]
I've heard of this study, but I don't have a citation for it.

5 monkeys were put in a room. In the center of the room was a ladder and some bananas were placed at the top of the ladder. If any monkey climbed the ladder the whole room was sprayed with ice cold water.

Eventually the monkeys would beat up any monkey who tried to climb the ladder.

One by one the monkeys were then replaced with new monkeys. Each new monkey would immediately try to climb the ladder and have the shit beaten out of him by the others until he learned not to climb the ladder.

He never got sprayed with water, but learned you don't climb the ladder.

After all 5 monkeys were replaced you ended up with 5 monkeys who would beat up anyone who climbed the ladder without any knowledge of why.
Ants are a eusocial insect, this means that, in simple terms, there are different castes that do different "jobs", only the queen lays eggs so if any mutation did arise in one of the non-fertile castes then it wouldn't really lead to much apart from the colony losing a worker which won't affect anything.

Slightly related to this, there is a gene that causes ant workers (I think, it's been a while since I read about this) to kill the queen if she has a different genotype to them in order to bias allele frequencies, also known as the green beard effect. try [here](http://academic.reed.edu/biology/courses/BIO342/2010_syllabus/2010_readings/GB_Keller_1998.pdf) for a nature article about it, however if you're not of an academic background it may be a bit complex and if you ask nicely I may explain more to you in simple terms!

If you are interested in other descriptions of "strange" behaviour then be more specific than strange and I will endeavour to help.
Sources: Biology BSc
A famous example of this - 

\- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_macaque - The section "Intelligence and culture", and the sources cited here.
Wow that's amazing. More than I was hoping for, actually. I was hoping for something we could relate to humans and that's a little disconcerting in that context. -_-

On the other hand, from primates there's this example another user posted,

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_macaque (the Intelligence and Culture section)

Those behavioral changes or adaptations seem to be slight and easily passed on from generation to generation (though probably easily lost as well).

How about a drastic change such as a lion becoming solitary or a tiger becoming more social? Or perhaps multiple animals doing this (just enough to avoid having them immediately killed off). 

Or with primates perhaps a case where one changed diet entirely and started exclusively eating meat or something, or perhaps started stealing from others (maybe a small group with a leader decides to just start stealing from other groups exclusively to get food).

I don't know, it just sounds like any substantial changes in behavior risk bringing down an entire population (and ants, at least, have no tolerance for that risk). But subtle changes, like seasoning food are picked up without an issue. Maybe animals changing from polygamous to monogamous and vice-versa (or polyandrous or whatever the word is)?

Summary:
One by one the monkeys were then replaced with new monkeys.
5 monkeys were put in a room.
If any monkey climbed the ladder the whole room was sprayed with ice cold water.
