Original Response:
We usually buy bottled water at home and I was thinking "hey, we shouldn't throw away or recycle plastic, we just shouldn't buy the bottles, just buy the water".

Extending that thought, I was asking if we could avoid all kinds of packaging and, instead of recycling, refill, because every time you drink a coke, we are throwing away a lot of aluminum, but also the painting used to decorate. I could have some kind of reusable canteen for coke, olives, water, tuna,... and most of the stuff I use.

Also, thousands of cars are built every month. Couldn't we make them last more years or ... forever? What about TVs? Do we need to switch from LCD to LED, OLED... now 3D, isn't it crazy? It's also crazy at cafes and bars using throw-away plastic glasses, for instance.

Will future humans have to recover our trash? When?

So this is the question I ask to you, Reddit: for how long are our natural warehouses going to last? According to the world's waste of aluminum, iron, silicium, petrol, gas,... how long are we going be able to mine our planet? 

Are we leading to a programmed and calculable end?
We've never been in this situation before so it's impossible to say how it'll play out. We are running out of stuff though - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rare_earth_element ofcourse not being able to build new TVs and cars isn't the worst fate imaginable. There have been thriving cultures without things like medicine and fossil fuels and what have you. We might not have luxury and excess to the point where we can spend all day reading reddit, but that's our own fault for fucking up our golden age.
&gt;Will future humans have to recover our trash? When?

When it's profitable to do so.

The real reason that recycling isn't more common in the U.S. is that it's often cheaper to just produce new materials than to recycle old.  As materials become more scarce, their value goes up, and eventually, for any given material, at some point it will be cost effective to recycle it, or to find a substitute.

Though, traditionally what has happened is that as a material becomes scarce and it's value rises, new sources of producing are brought on line.  Look at the "gold rushes" in South Dakota and California and others.  At first large gold nuggets are found laying on the ground (really), or in stream beds.  Then, when those are all collected, smaller nuggets are found by panning, then dust.  At the same time, the ground around stream-beds is dug up and washed to find nuggets and dust.  Eventually, strip mines and underground mines are dug to hunt for veins of gold.

Mines are expanded or abandoned not so much on the presence of gold, but on it's availability.  The mines with the lowest production cost are worked, those with higher abandoned--or, rather, moth-balled.  As the cheaper mines play out, the price of gold goes up, and it becomes profitable to work the mines with higher costs.

That cycle is true of any natural resource--look at coal, oil, wood, etcetcetc.

Yeah, at some point middens (archeologist's speak for "pile of trash") may become worth mining.  &lt;shrug&gt; Whatever. &lt;/shrug&gt;

Isaac Asimov wrote some short stories that speak to the idea of humans saturating the Earth (e.g., "2340 A.D.").  Indeed, Trantor, in the Foundation series can be seen as a metaphor for a possible future Earth, where the entire planet is subsumed by one massive city.  (Though Trantor's downfall is an obvious allusion to Rome.  And it's library to Alexandria... but I digress.)

&gt;Are we leading to a programmed and calculable end?

Go read "Do Android's Dream of Electric Sheep" by Dick, or just watch WALL-E.  Your question has be hashed over in science-fiction for decades now.
&gt;We've never been in this situation before so it's impossible to say how it'll play out

Your failure to study and/or learn history does not mean it never happened.
Every generation thinks it is the last. Every generation has been wrong.
What are you talking about? This planet has never seen anything like the current state of human civilization unless you're trying to make some banal comparison to bacteria in a petri dish or the easter islands
Not the end of us, but the end of zinc, magnesium, cobalt... it's going to happen, but when!!!
By the way, today gas is 1,3€ (1,65 dollars) per liter (0,26 gallons).

So 1 gallon would be more than 6 dollars.
I'm glad I don't live in a world without zinc.
We gather 12 million TM per year, do you know how much zinc is that?

We have only 2000 million TM on earth so if we don't stop gathering we'll be dammed in 150-160 years. Zinc about it!
http://s993.photobucket.com/albums/af52/nataliasc/?action=view&amp;current=MrParksWebsite-TheSimpsonsZincFilm.flv
I'm from Spain and we have 2 repeated episodes a day.

I didn't remember that one....
Aluminium steel and such are readily recycled, most of it doesn't get spread around very sparsely. Recycling bottles/cans is mostly a matter of saving the energy of breaking it and then making them bottles/cans again.

Bigger issue is elements that are spread out in use so much that they're not really recoverable, either rare.(As [Often a bird](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/cp7bz/are_we_leading_to_a_programmed_and_calculable_end/c0u6vxl) notes)

I also heard a few worries about [phosphorous](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phosphorus#Occurrence).
That being said, unless we exist for an infinite future, one generation is going to be right.

Summary:
Every generation thinks it is the last.
Will future humans have to recover our trash?
&gt;Will future humans have to recover our trash?
When it's profitable to do so.
So this is the question I ask to you, Reddit: for how long are our natural warehouses going to last?
Every generation has been wrong.
