Original Response:
[deleted]
I suggest you watch the episode "[Do You Know What Time It Is?](http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00fyl5z)" from the BBC Horizon series. It explains the history of our view of time.
I am wondering if shit would still work as it does, if time as we know it didn't exist.

If you take time out of all the equations, do they just stop working? Is there another way to define them without time and still have them accurately describe or predict what we see?
I may be wrong but maybe "time" is just a laymans word for getting the point across. Theoretical science be be dealing with the calculations around the state of a system, and questioning the possibility of transforming state in nontraditional ways. Much of the math involving "time" makes sense, but reality is different.
Hmm, for starters I definitely think it'd be hard to talk about time-dependent phenomena if you take time out of the equation.

For many systems we have equations without a time component, and I guess you could pretend that time doesn't exist for the purposes of that analysis, but I don't think it'd gain you anything.  For one, a lot of those equations describe steady-state conditions that are only reached after a sufficient amount of *time*, so the very system that the equations describe only exists because something's been going on for some time.

TL;DR: One of the most basic equations we have is Newton's 2nd Law: f=ma.  We see this in action because acceleration is the second *time* derivative of position.  Ergo, we can't have grade-school physics without time.
Let's take a step back and think about this relativistically.  Time is a fourth dimension.  Photons travel only in spatial dimensions and have zero velocity in time.  Matter particles travel at some velocity through both time and space (with a sum total of *c*, of course, and the time component is positive).  Antimatter does the same, but with a negative time component.

So how do we measure time? Well, how do we measure space?  We make up a ruler and look at how things relate to that ruler.  Since time and space are related, the only absolute ruler we have is *c*, so that's what we use as the basis for both time and space measurements.  One lightyear in space is the amount of space traversed by a photon in one year, and one second is the time taken for a certain number of vibrations of a certain type of (stationary!) atom.
&gt; Photons travel only in spatial dimensions and have zero velocity in time.

Wait, seriously? What exactly does that mean?
As you travel faster, your subjective experience tells you that time is slowing down for the rest of the Universe. As you hit the speed of light, the equations all fall over, and time stops existing. So, from a photon's point of view, time doesn't exist.
And this would be the equivalent of a time velocity of zero?

It seems like it would be indicative of an infinite time velocity, or undefined in some way..
If you consider that everything travels at a speed *c* in four dimensions, suddenly it makes sense that something traveling close to *c* in space will experience time dilation because there's less speed available for time-travel.  

If you sat on a photon and looked at the universe around you, you'd sees a universe standing still. The universe around you would move only in space and not in time. 

See what you get when you put *c* in for *v* in the [time dilation equations](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_dilation).   I wouldn't say the equations fall over because you can take the limit as v-&gt;c from both sides and get infinite time dilation... and 1/∞=0 time velocity.

This has some weird implications.  Imagine riding a photon of the Cosmic Microwave Background.  You started out riding some gamma ray in a crazy dense region of space.  Everything is frozen, but as you ride, space starts to stretch out and everything gets colder and more empty. Your own photon gets stretched into a wimpy microwave.  And bam, suddenly a planet's in front of you and you hit some sort of antenna.  But you only changed locations in space, the universe didn't evolve in time for you.
&gt;If you sat on a photon and looked at the universe around you, you'd sees a universe standing still. The universe around you would move only in space and not in time.


But if you look at the Lorentz equations, then from the photon's point of view the outside Universe is infinitely length-contracted too. It's not just the time dimension that vanishes, space does too.
Thanks! This was really helpful and I understand it a lot better now.
Yeah, that's very true. Dammit, that ruins my nice little story.

I haven't thought about the length-contraction aspect before. Hmm, it borks my mind...

Summary:
Photons travel only in spatial dimensions and have zero velocity in time.
The universe around you would move only in space and not in time.
It's not just the time dimension that vanishes, space does too.
So how do we measure time?
Time is a fourth dimension.
