Original Response:
It kills me how math actually works... Why does math work? Are there other ways of measuring something other than what we look at as math?  How can something humans just made up so accurately measure the physical universe?
I suspect the reason this went unanswered initially is because your question seems to be based upon a bit of confusion about what math is and why we use it, so to answer it we really have to go back to some basics. I first saw this when it was posted to /r/bestof, so it seems there is enough interest to revisit. Perhaps a mathematician can answer better, but I'll try my hand at it.

Math is a system of rules that all work together. Humans invented the rules, yes, but what is important is that the rules all work together and don't contradict one another. The rules of math are like Lego blocks; they get put together in certain ways, and you can build things out of the rules that are new. For example, a simple rule of math is that you can add numbers together in a certain way and get their sum. A more complicated rule shows that you can multiply numbers to get their product; multiplication is just a more complicated form of addition. 

Math doesn't measure the physical universe. Instead, scientists use math to build models that behave like the universe. There are infinitely many equations that you can build out of math, just like there are infinitely many shapes you can build out of Legos, but only some of the equations will "look like" the universe, just as only some combinations of Legos will "look like" certain real things.

An example is this familiar equation from physics: F=ma. Force equals mass times acceleration. Now, there is nothing in the universe that thinks, when it gets hit with a force "Oh, let me get out my calculator and see how I should accelerate". Rather, stuff just happens. We humans look at that stuff, recognize that things tend to happen in similar ways, and use our modeling system, our math, to identify relationships that seem to exist in the natural world.

Now, what's cool is that sometimes the models we build end up having predictive power. Imagine that you had never seen a dog before, but were to build a Lego model of one. You're provided with a single photo: a side view of a dog. You might build, with your Legos, a rather thin creature with only two legs: one front, and one back. And you might notice that your Lego model falls over. You could think, "Hmm, I doubt that dogs fall over all the time. Doesn't make much sense." So you look back at your photograph and figure that maybe there's another set of legs there. So you build your model with four legs, and find that it stands up. Later on, you get another picture of a dog, and you say to yourself, "Wow! Dogs really do have four legs!" You've found that your model had predictive power; that makes it a good model.

Similar things happen with the math we use to describe the universe. The Standard Model, which involves equations that describe the way subatomic particles behave, is one of the most successful models ever created; it described many particles which had yet to be discovered. Hearing this, it's easy to think that the math behind the Standard Model is written into the universe...except the universe doesn't do math. It just is. Math is our creation; we can use it to describe things that can't exist in our universe, just as you can use Legos to build an animal that doesn't exist. But the more we learn from observations and experiments, the better we can make our models of what we see and experience around us.

Summary:
Math doesn't measure the physical universe.
Similar things happen with the math we use to describe the universe.
Math is a system of rules that all work together.
