Original Response:
Ever since my childhood, I've had a hard time falling asleep unless I move part of my body. When I was little (into my early teens), I would lay on my back, lace my fingers behind my head, and rock back and forth until I fell asleep. Sometimes I would lay on my stomach and kick my leg up and down (bending at the knee) until I fell asleep. It was violent and scared the hell out of friends if I did it in my sleep during sleepovers. 

I trained myself as a teen to try and limit these nightly shenanigans to simply wiggling a single foot back and forth as I fell asleep. This has worked for a while, but now in my thirties I find the old ways coming back more and more. 

I now rock my head from side to side while lying on my back. I wiggle my entire leg while on my stomach.  And as of last night, my wife tells me that I've started kicking the bed again. Is there a name for this?  Is there a way to stop? Or an explanation as to why I can't sleep without this sensation of motion?

Thanks in advance, anyone.
[deleted]
I'd suggest going to [r/cogsci](http://www.reddit.com/r/cogsci) or a doctor.  I don't think you'll find anybody here with specific enough knowledge.
Thanks!
Thank you. : )  knowing there's a name for it makes me feel so much more ... Normal?  At least, less side-show freakish. You never want to be someone they decide to name a syndrome after since you're the only one with it. 

I'll get over my embarassment and talk to my doctor about seeing a sleep specialist. Thanks again!
would sleeping in a self-rocking hammock work for you? the motion might negate the need to move foot? not sure
[deleted]
Well, the problem with that is the attachment I have to sleeping next to my wife.
Same issue.  Gotta kick the leg from under the cover, knee just over the edge of the bed, and kick slightly until I fall asleep.

The worst part is when I'm really, really tired.  It's like ants crawling over my legs and I have to constantly twitch and move :(
I have this problem as well.  I trained myself out of most of it with many years of meditation, so now when things act up, I can generally turn them off with focused effort and no actual flailing about.

Until I fall asleep, it seems.  My gf has informed me that every third night or so, I fall asleep and then twitch around like I'm having a seizure for about 20 minutes.  Doesn't lead to a harmonious sleeping arrangement for either of us. 

We agree with the sleep specialist angle.  If you find a good one, let me know  :p
Will do!

Summary:
I have this problem as well.
Until I fall asleep, it seems.
I wiggle my entire leg while on my stomach.
Well, the problem with that is the attachment I have to sleeping next to my wife.
