Original Response:
I've heard a number of different reasons. I've heard it's because cartilage is avascular and doesn't receive blood to build new tissue, I've heard simply that you can't grow new cartilage, etc. 

Why can muscles/some tendon tears heal but ligaments generally can't? Are there or will there be any effective non surgical treatments in development? I've heard that this is the future of bioengineering, but that sounds unbelievable.
It is basically as you said it, a vascular tissues has a harder time to heal because it does not receive the nutritients needed to rebuild its structures.

Things like cartilage and tendon also have the problem that once there is a tear large enough, for that tear to be repair there needs to be some kind bridge that's the building structures need to grow on.. It's like imagine if there was a bridge that needed repair but there were no support beam of posts to hold up the bridge, you just started adding concrete, you get so far before it collapses again.

That is were bioengineering comes with with all sorts of bio materials that can act as bridges to allow the body bridge those gaps instead of surgically reattaching bits and in the process shortening them.

Not sure if I explained that well enough but hey it's a start
Think that you meant "avascular tissues"
I stand corrected.. Up vote for not being to hungover to pick that up
Awesome, thanks. I've become pretty interested in orthopedics (businessperson by trade) due to sustained sports injuries, but been looking understand human physiology at a deeper, more scientific level. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prolotherapy - there's a lot of buzz about this on fitness forums, etc. Would you consider this to be broscience?
Muscle does not heal... it responds by becoming hypertrophic, meaning that the muscle cells that die off are not replaced by new ones, but by their neighbors growing in size.  What is in their place is just scar tissue bound to the neighboring hypertrophic muscle.

Cartilage does grow, but not as fast as you'd like.  Once chondrocytes are dead however, they will no longer be secreting the substances we call cartilage.  Ligaments are kinda the same way, but considering they are under tension, if they do snap or tear, the continuous tension precludes them from healing.  In contrast to muscle, surrounding chondrocytes do not hypertrophy.  fibroblasts can increase in number, but overall they will just try to lay down scar tissue, rather than organized repair.
I am aware of prolotherapy, I did some research a while back for a school paper on OSD, and wayyy back then (2007) it was recommended and show to have good results. I would like to say I know more about it, but clearly wiki knows more.

Personally I would try it if it was an alternative to surgery or cortisone injections.
You should also mention the fact that connective tissues have very few cells in them, so it takes a lot longer for the cells to repair damage done to the tissue.

Summary:
Cartilage does grow, but not as fast as you'd like.
I've heard it's because cartilage is avascular and doesn't receive blood to build new tissue, I've heard simply that you can't grow new cartilage, etc.
