Original Response:
There isn't any.  That's just what we call the units, because everyone else called it that: "Kelvin", "degrees Celcius/Centigrade", and "degrees Fahrenheit".  There might be a historical reason, but certainly not a technical one.
Kelvins are part of the [Système International](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_System_of_Units), and were intentionally named _Kelvins_ and not _Kelvin degrees_ as part of that system.
[deleted]
I am not sure that is an acceptable explanation (true or not). It would be like me saying a gorm is the distance in feet plus 5. And then claiming meters and feet are each a different scale for measuring distance but gorm is a different measurement entirely.
I think because a degree is something that is divided. like F being 212 of boiling and 32 freezing, the difference is 180, which is half of a circle, and C is similar too. since Kelvin starts at 0 and there is no negative figure it cant be called a degree.
This is not true. Please avoid layman speculation.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelvin

The 13th CGPM changed the name to simply "kelvin" (symbol K). The omission of "degree" indicates that it is not relative to an arbitrary reference point like the Celsius and Fahrenheit scales.
It's worth noting that a temperature difference of 1 Kelvin is equal to a temperature difference of 1 degree Celsius. The only differences between Kelvin and Celsius are the point that is designated as being zero temperature (0 Kelvin = -273.15 degrees Celsius) and the fact that the word "degree" isn't used with kelvin.
Ah, just like meters are meters, and not *lengths* meter, or grams are grams, and not *weights gram*.  It's a linguistic thing?
Yes, exactly. The first temperature scale was Fahrenheit, and degrees were just degrees. Then Anders Celsius made his scale, and you had degrees Centigrade and degrees Fahrenheit. In 1948, centigrade was changed to Celsius, even though most people still say centigrade.

Here's more from [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelvin#Usage_conventions):

&gt; Until the 13th General Conference on Weights and Measures (CGPM) in 1967–1968, the unit kelvin was called a "degree", the same as with the other temperature scales at the time. It was distinguished from the other scales with either the adjective suffix "Kelvin" ("degree Kelvin") or with "absolute" ("degree absolute") and its symbol was °K. The latter (degree absolute), which was the unit’s official name from 1948 until 1954, was rather ambiguous since it could also be interpreted as referring to the Rankine scale. Before the 13th CGPM, the plural form was "degrees absolute". The 13th CGPM changed the name to simply "kelvin" (symbol K).[7] **The omission of "degree" indicates that it is not relative to an arbitrary reference point like the Celsius and Fahrenheit scales** (although for some reason, the Rankine scale continued to use "degree Rankine"), but rather an absolute unit of measure which can be manipulated algebraically (e.g., multiplied by two to indicate twice the amount of "mean energy" available among elementary degrees of freedom of the system). Because it is an absolute unit, the plural "kelvins" should be used for any quantity of temperature other than 1 kelvin (e.g. water freezes at 273.15 kelvins).
How does the absence of "degree" indicate it's an absolute unit of measure?
Just a naming convention.
So completely arbitrary?
Rankine is also an absolute temperature scale, but R still represents "degrees Rankine", even though the degree symbol isn't used.

I would say it is merely a convention specific to Kelvin rather than an indication of an absolute scale.
No, it's an absolute unit of measure of temperature, like a meter or a gram is for length or mass.   There's nothing less than 0 meters or 0 grams or 0 Kelvin.  

We don't say "feet meters", it doesn't make any more sense than "degrees Kelvin".

Summary:
The omission of "degree" indicates that it is not relative to an arbitrary reference point like the Celsius and Fahrenheit scales.
The 13th CGPM changed the name to simply "kelvin" (symbol K).
The first temperature scale was Fahrenheit, and degrees were just degrees.
