Original Response:
If Pluto was disqualified from planet-hood because it did not "clear its orbit," why is Neptune a planet given that its orbit intersects Pluto's? For that matter, why don't the comets that intersect ALL the planets' orbits disqualify them as well?
Pluto actually doesn't cross through Neptune's orbital plane.  Rather, it passes over and under it.

Also, in a way, Neptune *has* cleared its orbit since Pluto is now in a 3:2 orbital resonance with Neptune.
I was gonna write a long, rambling explanation (outside of my tag, but I read primary astronomy and physics lit in my spare time [nerd]) but then I found this really well-put [wikipedia article on the definitions and math](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clearing_the_neighbourhood) behind clearing orbits.
The two orbital paths don't intersect, but Pluto certainly crosses through the plane of Neptune's orbit.  (As do many other objects.)  And while Pluto may be in a 2:3 resonance with Neptune, Neptune does have trojan asteroids, which are at the same orbital distance.
The very short answer is that Neptune is about 17 times the mass of the Earth, and trans-Neptunian objects total around 10% of the mass of the Earth.  So as scientists, we get together and say "close enough". 

Ceres and Eris (the largest asteroid and trans-Neptunian object, respectively) have less than half of the mass in their orbital zone.  Everyone else is well over 99%.  So that's where the line is drawn (for the moment).
Neptune is the dominant gravitational body (the other objects are in orbital resonance with it), which means it doesn't have to. If that exception wasn't made, Jupiter and Earth wouldn't be planets either (because of Trojans).
Clearing means the planet's mass greatly exceeds the mass of anything else left in the orbit.  Compared to Neptune, Pluto is debris.  

Furthermore, Neptune *has* cleared Pluto from its orbit in a sense...they are in a resonance that prevents Pluto from ever getting very close.  In fact, Pluto can get closer to *Uranus* than it can to Neptune.

Summary:
Pluto actually doesn't cross through Neptune's orbital plane.
Compared to Neptune, Pluto is debris.
