Original Response:
I've heard probiotics are a scam, but these are quotes from [the FAQ](http://www.activia.com.au/faqs):
&gt; In what way is Activia® different from other yogurts? Activia® from Danone is the only yogurt in Australia with probiotic Bifidus Acti RegularisTM culture. It was specially formulated to survive in the yogurt, giving Activia® its exclusive beneficial properties. Activia® yoghurt is backed by 17 published scientific studies assessing the survival of the probiotic strain and the beneficial effects on the digestive system.

&gt; What is the difference between Activia® yoghurt and Inner health plus pills that are sold in the market?
Activia with its unique Bifidus Actiregularis is different from Inner health plus in terms of probiotic strains. However Activia consumed at the recommended dosage - i.e. 2 x 125 g per day - is providing the same quantity of probiotics as innerhealth product. In addition it has been proven that yoghurt is the best matrix to deliver the highest amount of living bacteria all along the gut.

However if you dig hard enough it also says:
&gt;Can the Bifidus ActiRegularisTM probiotic in Activia® survive for a long time in the digestive system?
Studies show that Bifidus ActiRegularisTM can survive in the intestine for 10 days following the last ingestion and that it does not, in fact, colonize the digestive tract. This delay simply represents the time it takes to eliminate Bifidus ActiRegularisTM. That is why only a regular daily intake of Activia® guarantees its effectiveness on digestive comfort such as reducing the bloated feeling.

Help me /r/askscience. Is this legit or just marketing?
I wouldn't trust it without citations of these studies.  
They could be testing the trademarked culture they contain, but could also be testing something completely different that's present in a lot of yoghurts.
I would not trust their scientific claims until they provide peer reviewed research articles to support their claims.
Not related to Activa brand, but this article discusses the health claims for probiotics in general- [The Evidence to Support Health Claims for Probiotics](http://jn.nutrition.org/content/138/6/1250S.long).

Summary:
Activia® yoghurt is backed by 17 published scientific studies assessing the survival of the probiotic strain and the beneficial effects on the digestive system.
