Original Response:
International sanctions and treaties aside, I get the impression that making nuclear weapons is not easily done.  

Why is this not a straightforward process, what are the non-political barriers to a country making nuclear weapons? Is all the information on how to build a nuclear weapon publicly available?  If so, what processes are missing from general knowledge?
It's actually just really hard thing to do, technologically. Think about it this way: If a nuclear reaction is easy to start, it starts naturally due to some random environmental shock. So anything unstable quickly decays. Uranium has to be enriched by a factor of approximately 100 (a separation of atoms that differ in mass by about 1% and literally in no other way), and every atom of plutonium we've ever seen has been synthetic. Those are just hard processes to do. And once you have a critical mass, getting it to detonate is exceptionally difficult - it took possibly the greatest collection of scientific ability ever several years in the NM desert to develop a design that worked.
I'll just leave this here

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_nuclear_fission_reactor
What point are you trying to make? Yes, when U-235 was naturally present at the levels necessary for power plant fuel (3%) it fissioned naturally in a few places, weapons-grade u-235 (80+ %) has never been found, especially in the precise configuration required for a weapon.
The Gabon "reactor" actually shows pretty nicely why it is hard to build a nuclear weapon.  Criticality is an unstable condition, because the heat and energy generated is always working to disassemble the reactor.  What likely happened there is that, as water moved into the uranium veins, fission energy was produced due to increased moderation.  This would vaporize the water, causing it to exit the "reactor" and the reaction would cease.

In a bomb, you need to hold the materials together for long enough to release all the energy within milliseconds.  In the Gabon reactor, the energy was released slowly over thousands of years.
Whats hard is producing the fuel.
To make a fission bomb, you need either U-235 or Pu-239. Both of these are really hard to get. Natural uranium is 99.2% U-238, which is not good for bombs, so it has to be enriched to at least 80% U-235. There are [various enrichment methods](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uranium_enrichment#Enrichment_methods), all very expensive, time consuming, and requiring large facilities. There are also various ways of making U-239, but they are also expensive and require technically complex facilities. That's where the political difficulties come into play, it's hard to hide the facilities for making U-235 or Pu-239.

If you could get enough U-235, that would be the easiest bomb to make, because all you need to do is make a gun bomb like [Little Boy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Boy#Assembly_details).

It's easier to get Pu-239, but then it's harder to make a bomb because you have to make a [really accurate spherical implosion bomb](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fat_Man#Physics_package).
I wasn't trying to make a point.  I was trying to deliver interesting reading material to interested parties.
I think the point is, in the multi-billion year history of Earth, we've only found one site where natural fission has occurred.
Is that design that worked public knowledge?
The most difficult part is to get enriched Uranium. Weapons-grade uranium, or isotope U-235, is a highly unstable form that makes up less than 1 percent (.7 percent) of the concentration of the crude uranium Uranium needs to be refined to a concentration of at least 80 percent U-235 to be weapons grade.

A popular way of achieving weapons-grade uranium is by using a gas centrifuge process, whereby a converted gaseous form known as uranium hexafluoride is released into a spinning cylinder. The force generated by the rotating cylinder separates U-235 isotopes from the heavier U-238 isotopes. If Iran lined up all their centrifuges and ran it long enough, after a year or so, they can enrich it to a point where it is weapons grade.

Apart from this, another challenging step is to sustain the type of chain reaction necessary for a bomb explosion, the atoms need to be held in a modified state known as “supercritical mass” so that more than one of the free neutrons from each split hits another atom and causes it to split.
The timing/triggering of it is very difficult. You need to have a weapon which stays subcritical and safe to handle during normal operation, but then the moment you want it to react, it must very rapidly be changed into a critical mass, and stay that way until enough energy is released to caused the explosion at a minimum. The explosion itself will stop the reaction and limit the energy release, so this is very difficult.

Additionally, modern nuclear bombs have two or more stages. They use a nuclear fission reaction for the first stage to cause several second stage nuclear fusion reactions to happen. The timing of this and triggering is even more complex. Even if the second stage of the explosion doesnt happen, the first stage still causes large amounts of damage.
I would argue that the entire problem to building 'my country's first bomb' is acquiring the fuel, not design.  A gun type device does not require complicated physics (by current standards - remember the Manhattan project was measuring a lot of properties like fission cross sections that are now available), and requires only rudimentary understanding of ordinance and engineering.  This is at least true for low efficiency, un-boosted fission designs (gun or implosion - although implosion is certainly the harder of the two).  A big problem that the Manhattan Project faced was determining if a nuclear bomb was even possible.  Now that we know it is, building a simple one can be pursued with little risk....once you have the material.

The understanding required to construct efficient, boosted, single staged weapons, let alone two-stage thermonuclear weapons is much, much harder.  But only about 5 countries in the world seem to care about those designs.

Summary:
What point are you trying to make?
The most difficult part is to get enriched Uranium.
To make a fission bomb, you need either U-235 or Pu-239.
I wasn't trying to make a point.
The explosion itself will stop the reaction and limit the energy release, so this is very difficult.
