Original Response:
I was talking about his the other day about someone who was rejected to give their kidney to another people. Are these just rejected through blood type? Are their other factors to it? Can organs like, not be the right size for the person? Im sure it depends on what is being donated, but, An answer to this type of thing would be appreciated. :D
the hosts immune system recognizes the tissue as foreign and attacks it is the short answer. It's not always blood type, every cell type has surface proteins that can trigger an immune response. Size generally isn't as much of an issue as you might think.
Well. This seems like more of an issue with the host than with the donor. It seems like some people couldent accept organs while some could.
Health, age, any pre-existing conditions could exclude you from being a donor
Sorry, was poking around with a new account for the transplant sub-reddit and thought I would answer.  While blood type is important it is never a factor as that is figured into the equation from the very beginning.  A person would never be offered an organ of the wrong blood type. There are, however, 6 markers (and recently even more and more specific markers are being used) that are considered when finding a virtual data match. Even after this match run, the actual blood is mixed between recipient and donor to see if there is a positive crossmatch (bad thing) then the kidney is not offered. Even then there are powerful drugs used to suppress the immune system to prevent rejection. But even with all of these precautions in place people can spontaneousley reject, but no more than 3.7% of the time at my place of work.  Generally when a kidney is lost to rejection it can usually be attributed to poor follow up in some way, either by the physician or the patient or even both.
Ooo! Well thank you very much! This was a much more straight, and full answer then the other posts, which went mostally like "Because it wouldent work" or "because the body would reject it". Had no idea there was white blood type or anything, But again, thanks!

Summary:
Are these just rejected through blood type?
This seems like more of an issue with the host than with the donor.
