Original Response:
Condoms aside, for years there have been promises of a male 'pill' or even an injection of a solid, but removable line into the testicular tubules preventing sperm from flowing, yet often the only real 'male' birth control beyond a condom is a vasectomy which is usually considered a permanent operation despite being reversible in many cases or to use untested and unverified methods of control such as manually forcing retrograde ejaculation, or using heat on the testes to stop spermatogenesis.
Testosterone could in theory be used as male reversible birth control, and there are studies being conducted on how we might be able to do this. The problem, as I understand it, is that testosterone when taken orally is toxic to the liver. When you ingest testosterone, it enters your circulation via the intestines. Most of this blood flow goes through the liver before it enters the rest of the circulation, where it has negative effects. In contrast, if we were to inject testosterone, it goes directly into the systemic blood circulation, where most of it is taken up by the testes, which have a higher affinity for testosterone than the liver. Thus, the concentration in the liver never get high enough to cause a problem. For male BC, this would mean getting shots everyday, which would not be much fun (leading people to not taking it regularly). I think the alternatives being trying now are derivatives of testosterone. Note: I'm not an expert, but this is what I learned in med school. [More info](http://www.andropausespecialist.com/testosterone-side-effects.php)
Not a scientist, but I do remember an article/video a year or two ago about some Israeli scientist developing a protein-inhibtor (or something like it) that prevents the formation of working sperm cells. It looked promising at the time but I have yet to hear any more about it
Stopping one egg per month is considerably easier than stopping hundreds of millions of sperm.  

There may also have been a perception that women care more about birth control.  

Birth control is also difficult to do studies on.  When treating a disease, you're asking sick people to take a risk in order to get better.  With birth control, large scale testing involves exposing healthy people to potentially dangerous side effects.  You also need test subjects who essentially don't care whether or not they or their partners get pregnant, as you don't know failure rates for sure until large-scale studies.
1. Female birth control isn't about "stopping one egg."
2. Men care plenty about birth control.
3. Phase I trials of all drugs are performed on health males, so I'm not sure what the basis for your last statement is...
Why isn't female birth control about stopping one egg?

There's also the fact that women's reproductive systems come with a built-in off switch.  The testes never stop making sperm, so there's no built in hormone cycle that can be manipulated to turn off production.  

Obviously men care about birth control, but I think there was the perception (possibly true or possibly true 50-70 years ago) that women care more and were thus better targets.  

Third point withdrawn. I'm pretty sure I've read that it's harder to do studies on birth control than on drugs for disease, but clearly I don't remember the actual reason why (maybe it's harder to get grants?).
[deleted]

Summary:
Birth control is also difficult to do studies on.
Female birth control isn't about "stopping one egg."
Men care plenty about birth control.
