Original Response:
After munching on a few stalks of celery, my tongue feels a little funny, almost, but not quite, numb.  It seems it happens to other people, too - so, why, science?  *Why?*

Thanks!
You probably have a food allergy...
With the only symptom being a slightly numbed tongue? And my partner has the same, slight allergy? A quick Googling did seem to indicate that others experienced the same thing, I was just hoping someone here might be able to tell me why. 

I appreciate the input, but I don't think that's the answer.
Celery has a high concentration of chemicals known as furanocoumourans. These are actually quite toxic. The main concentration is normally found in the celery root, but as the stalk gets older and starts to wilt/rot, the concentration in the stalk rises. Furanocourmourans are toxic by themselves, but when activated by UV light, they produce chemicals that can cause severe blisters and burns. I have a friend who works in celery fields; her legs are always covered in a nasty rash from it. I also read in the Lancet (I will dig up the actual reference when I have a chance) about a woman who ate an entire celery root, then went to the tanning salon, resulting in 3rd degree burns over her entire body.

So anyway, it is probably the furanocourmourans that you are having a reaction to. some people are allergic to even the small amounts found in fresh stalks.

taken from http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=60834
I think it probably is the answer.  Lots of people have a celery allergy.  My wife experienced the same thing.  Want proof, go get tested.
It could be [Oral Allergy Syndrome](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oral_Allergy_Syndrome). Do you have any such reactions to other foods on that list that share a pollen with celery?
No, I can safely say that it's only with celery, when eaten raw (not with carrots or peppers, which are apparently of the same pollen variety).  The wikipedia article says:

My reaction (the slightly numbed tongue) seems much too minor for this.  It's not even really uncomfortable, just kind of odd.
Interesting, that could be it.  Thanks.

Summary:
Lots of people have a celery allergy.
I think it probably is the answer.
