Original Response:
I was wondering if you are able to observe quantum tunneling in action through the use of total internal reflection? To be more specific, if there is a laser beam going through a glass rectangular prism and it is exhibiting total internal reflection, at the points that it is being reflected, will I see light escaping the prism via quantum tunneling?
I use TIR to do microscopy all the time.  The fluorophores are on the far side of the glass from the incident laser beam and while the laser is under TIR, the evanescent wave from the tunneling photons excites the fluorophores very close to the glass/sample interface to yield fluorescence.
Light can escape via frustrated total internal reflection.  Total internal reflection leaves an evanescent field, which can be coupled to another medium if placed close enough to the reflecting surface.  This is not quantum tunneling, although the two are similar.  

One primary difference, the evanescent wave is directly measurable, while it is impossible to directly measure a quantum object in the midst of tunneling (you can only measure it on the other side).  

More info:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Total_internal_reflection#Frustrated_total_internal_reflection
[deleted]
[deleted]
Quantum tunneling has been observed for photons.  The best example that I can think of for observing quantum tunneling would be the scanning tunneling microscope.  Effectively, a circuit is created with a tiny gap.  A small voltage is applied, and according to classical physics no electrons would pass the gap.  Quantum tunneling allows electrons to tunnel the gap, and the voltage ensures that the electrons are biased to move in one direction (otherwise, some electrons would tunnel forward and some would tunnel backward) and you can measure a current on the circuit.  This allows you to tell the distance between a metal tip and the object surface, which you can then scan and get an image of the surface profile.  
It's worth pointing out that since all the electrons tunnel to the other side, there are never any sparks.

Summary:
Quantum tunneling has been observed for photons.
