Original Response:
This sorta branched off of the thought about "what would it look like to be in a perfectly spherical mirror". Its obvious that something of this sort can't exist, but assuming that all the energy stayed in the room, would it continue to reflect indefinitely and keep the room lit?

EDIT: Assuming the room is a vacuum. lulz
No, the air in the room would absorb the light.
Well in my head I assumed the room to be a vacuum, though I probably should have stated that. Poop
In theory, yes... but my guess is from your question you are missing something. 

Let's say you are in your perfectly reflective room, no air inside, turn on a light bulb for a bit, then pull it out. Well, the photons the light bulb emitted are going to stay in there, bouncing around... but if you were to record it or look at it or observe it in any way, it would begin to dim. Why? Because the only way you see that it is "lit up" in there is by one of the photons (well, most likely many, many photons) striking your eye and being absorbed by your retina (or if you use a camera, the ccd cell in the lens). So assuming you had this perfect room, and then you stuck your head inside, and it was completely covered in mirrors (except for your eyes, or you wouldn't be able to see) you would see this bright room begin to dim. 

Now, even without the perfect reflector, it would still remain very "bright" in the room, just not in the visible spectrum. Let's say instead of it being perfectly mirrored, it was all painted black, but thermally insulated from the outside world. Then, you turn on the light, and a bunch of the photons get absorbed. But the photons don't just go away, they will be re-emitted in the infrared spectrum, which is what you would see if you used heat goggles.
So ... I (my eyes) would be a sort of photonic vampire to the room?
As the universe is expanding, techically the wavelength of the light is changing. Given infinite time this would stretch out to approach 0. Though, technically their is the same energy in the space.

Summary:
No, the air in the room would absorb the light.
I (my eyes) would be a sort of photonic vampire to the room?
