Original Response:
I have a hypothesis but I'll keep it to my self. 

Also, by intelligence I mean IQ and/or comprehension.

I know I spelled "there" wrong in the title, too late to fix it now!
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religiosity_and_intelligence
Thanks, this is the comment I was looking for. They even have a nice little graph. I can presume how atheists and the religious would act when shown these results.
IQ only tests for a very limited definition of intelligence and is a really poor measure of intelligence.  I think a better indicator of what you are going after here is education and religiosity.  There is a brief section on it in the link provided by resdriden.
I've found IQ and level of education to go hand in hand in most cases. I've also done tests with a couple of my friends and predicted which ones would score lower and which ones would score higher. 

The results were nearly parallel to my hypothesis albeit one or two barely notable exceptions. I also don't have much doubt that most scientists aren't heavily religious.
&gt;I've also done tests with a couple of my friends

Insufficient sample size.  Many scientists are very religious but they find a way to make it work.  There is nothing wrong with the idea that a supernatural being planted the seeds of life and let them grow.
I don't believe the scientists you are referring to have faith in the official religions that I am talking about. Think the strict Christianity that denies the right for gays to marry.

I feel it necessary to point out that I; personally, take a more Agnostic approach to this touchy subject. Meaning I fully accept that I currently do not know how the universe came to be so I don't have the right to pass off my speculations as indisputable fact. Which also means yes, the universe could have easily been planted by a 'supernatural' being; however, I extremely doubt it was created by a senior citizen in the sky that farts lightning and despises gays or people that were multi-fabric clothing.

Doesn't matter now though, I found what I was looking for and I am satisfied enough with the data to confirm my prediction.
Perhaps you need to more precisely define what you mean by "official religions."  I know practicing Jews, Catholics, and other Christians who take their religious text as metaphor and a guide, not strict law who also think evolution happened.  There is a big difference between people who believe in a god and people who are religious fundamentalists.  Also, I am not convinced that even the fundamentalists are unintelligent, I think they make themselves act unintelligent through willful ignorance.  If they would only open up their minds to the possibility that there is more information out there I am sure many of them would turn out to be quite intelligent.  

I make the distinction between intelligence and education because I believe that intelligence is something we are born with.  It is the capacity for thought and reasoning, not the actual content of those thoughts and reasoning.  

I say that IQ is a bad measure of intelligence because intelligence in the absence of education will have an artificially low IQ.

Summary:
Also, by intelligence I mean IQ and/or comprehension.
I also don't have much doubt that most scientists aren't heavily religious.
I think a better indicator of what you are going after here is education and religiosity.
