Original Response:
Would the conditions be similar enough weather wise to make it sustainable?
[deleted]
Its unlikely that they would survive. [Polar bears](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polar_bear) are adapted to eating seals, but its very hard to hunt them in the open water so they hunt on land. Two common ways of catching seals include: crashing through the ice using their paws and kill the seals in their dens or stalking air holes and kill seals as they surface for air. These conditions are not as common in Antarctica because it is an area where land is covered in ice, with no seals under it but the Arctic is ocean covered in ice with seals under it. (There are seals in Antarctica, they would just be harder to hunt). Of course assuming you transferred the polar bears to areas with penguin colonies they would have pretty good (but seasonal) food source - unless it is the [Emperor](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emperor_Penguin) which winters in Antarctica. But over time, the penguins being defenceless against polar bears would probably be exposed to intensive hunting pressure from which they may be extirpated from the region.  

Its probable that polar bears could survive Antarctica temperatures - they have many [adaptations to the cold weather](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polar_bear#Physical_characteristics) - thick fur, lots of fat, skin that is black ~~to absorb the sun's heat and clear fur to allow the rays in~~. I do not know the absolute lowest temperature that a polar bear can survive but I do know that [Antarctica](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antarctica) experiences colder temperatures than the [Arctic](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arctic#Climate). 

"The temperature in Antarctica has reached −89 °C (−129 °F)...Temperatures reach a minimum of between −80 °C (−112 °F) and −90 °C (−130 °F) in the interior in winter and reach a maximum of between 5 °C (41 °F) and 15 °C (59 °F) near the coast in summer. And Antarctica is colder than the Arctic for two reasons. First, much of the continent is more than 3 kilometres (2 mi) above sea level, and temperature decreases with elevation. Second, the Arctic Ocean covers the north polar zone: the ocean's relative warmth is transferred through the icepack and prevents temperatures in the Arctic regions from reaching the extremes typical of the land surface of Antarctica." and from the Arctic article...". Average winter temperatures can be as low as −40 °C (−40 °F), and the coldest recorded temperature is approximately −68 °C (−90 °F)." So polar bears if transferred to Antarctica would possibly have to face temperatures as low as −80 °C which is colder then what they are normally exposed to at −40 °C. This could potentially be problematic, but not unsurmountable.

The problem with penguins is that they are essentially adapted to living in an environment where they have very few land predators - only sometimes are eggs/chicks killed by predatory seagulls. Adults main predator is killer whales from the ocean. Anyway... penguins in the Arctic would have a hard time of making it because of land predators like the polar bear, arctic fox or wolf. Even if they lived on cliffs like [puffins](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlantic_Puffin) they can't fly so they would not be able to get to and from the sea. It would be better if they were transferred to a location - island - where no land predators can get them, but bare rock is available in summer for nesting (if the species requires). In terms of food there would be plenty of fish in the Arctic ocean for them to hunt, probably something like pollock. Also, temperatures in the arctic are warmer, so they wouldn't have to deal with being too cold so much as being too warm, especially in the summer months if they live in areas where it gets above what they might normally be exposed too.
Wow that was more thorough than I had ever thought was possible, this is why i love r/askscience. Thank you for such an awesome response!
Is there any reason to assume a polar bear wouldn't find penguins just as tasty as seals? I guess they wouldn't instinctively hunt them, but once hunger gets you, your appetite tends to widen as well.

I'm just curious since it's fairly reasonable to assume there will be no more "north pole" in a few years.
Yes, I would assume that they would eat a penguin given half the chance - their diet isn't limited to just seals but they will also scavenge whale/seal/walrus carcasses as well as... "Polar bears have also been observed to eat a wide variety of other wild foods, including muskox, reindeer, birds, eggs, rodents, shellfish, crabs, and other polar bears. They may also eat plants, including berries, roots, and kelp, however none of these are a significant part of their diet.[58]"

Mostly polar bears will have a really hard time of it surviving in an ice free arctic (ice-free summers predicted as early as 2029) "[Climate models give a range of predictions of Arctic sea ice loss, showing near-complete to complete loss in September anywhere from 2040 to some time well beyond 2100. About half of the analyzed models show near-complete to complete sea ice loss in September by the year 2100. More recently, the Catlin Arctic Survey concluded that summer ice loss would occur around 2029.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arctic#Climate_change)". 

This is seriously bad news for polar bears because it takes them so long to reach the age of reproduction and finally when a female does have cubs she only has 2 or 3 and more then half will die before they reach 1. "As of 2006, in Alaska, 42% of cubs now reach 12 months of age, down from 65% 15 years ago (because of a loss of ice - its harder to hunt). In most areas, cubs are weaned at two and a half years of age". Also male bears kill infants, that are probably not their own in order to return the female into cycling.

There are four options for the polar bears at this point - some involve human intervention.

1. Survive indefinitely in captivity like in zoos.

2. Hybridize with grizzly bears, which has been reported in the past using genetic and morphological testing.

3. Remain separate from grizzlies but adapt to living off the land and not the sea - hunt birds, foxes, caribou, or become more omnivorous like other bears and change the diet to berries and vegetation. Both are extremely hard sets of adaptations to undergo/select for given the gestation length, weaning length and low number of offspring polar bear females have.

4. Try transferring them to Antarctica - but that will melt too eventually.
Interesting alternatives. And while Antarctica will melt eventually, at least there is substantial land mass there. Rock beats water, as far as living on goes.
Penguins are also primarily hunted by leopard seals.
[deleted]
I agree with the polar bear - I will add that seal populations in antarctica are much less dense that in the arctic, and less conducive as such to maintaining a hypothetical polar bear population.

I am more sceptical as to the penguins though. I believe they could make it. The predatory pressures they are currently subjected to are quite high, mostly from skuas, orcas and leopard seas. In the Arctic, I doubt the polar bears would bother them much, at leat the smaller species, as they are outside the usual prey-size these guys hunt. As to the foxes, their population is uneven and the arctic archipelago has a lot of cliff faces on isolated islands which might support them succesfully. I might add that there used to exist a flightless seabird in the arctic called the great penguin (an Auk really, no relation to southern penguins), which is now hunted to extinction. If it could occupy that ecological niche, I do not see why austral penguins could not.
It will melt eventually in the same way that eventually the Sahara desert will be covered in 2 miles of ice.
[deleted]
The polar bears would spend all their time on the ice shelves around the edges of the continent (like practically all other life there) not deep into the interior, so they would probably avoid both the coldest temperatures and being over land.  I'm not sure if they could find enough food...penguins would be an excellent food source and there are plenty of seals which haul out on the ice around Antarctica, but I don't know enough about the spatial and temporal locations of these food sources to know if they could maintain polar bear populations.  On the other hand, nothing on the continent has any adaptive response to a terrestrial predator, so I expect polar bears would find them easy pickings if they could find enough of them.  I do wonder who would win in a fight between a leopard seal and a polar bear though!
Yeah, some species of penguins could make it if great auks could....but then great auk populations were always limited by the scarcity of suitable breeding sites (isolated islands with no predators and accessible breeding sites) which is a big reason they died out when people started hunting them and introducing rats and things to their islands.  So it depends on that I guess.
There you go then: bears no, penguins maybe...
Of course :)  that is why I though maybe if they were introduced to an island in the arctic, they might have a better go of it especially land-predator wise. Obviously human hunting pressure probably wouldn't be an issue nowadays - but assuming you need a minimum viable population and for colony nesters that tends to be high - any disturbance in population numbers (natural or unnatural) could lend itself to the failure of establishing a colony.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Well perhaps after the colony is established - but usually for transfers of this nature a no hunting clause would be put into effect.
&gt; I'm not sure if they could find enough food.

That would seem to be the main problem; in the Arctic, polar bears can range as far south as they want to look for food during lean periods. But in the Antarctic, they would be pretty much confined to the Antarctic mainland and ice sheets.
Polar bears, like all bears, will eat anything. Predators don't survive in harsh environments by being picky. If it yields more energy than it costs to eat, they'll eat it.
That's not quite how things work with the Inuit; an Inuk will hunt. Although they've been very carefull in managing the re-introduction of muskoxen in Nunavik.
That's what I mean: the payoff of eating the smaller penguins would not offset the expense of catching them. Especially if they are quick and agile.
&gt;clear fur to allow the rays in

really? I've only ever heard this as a myth

http://it.stlawu.edu/~koon/mar_ref.html
[deleted]
Emperor penguins can stand three feet tall and weigh 100 pounds. If it was on ice surface (i.e. not in the water swimming) it would be a great easy meal for a polar bear. The trouble is the bears would locate the breeding ground and eat them all.
Polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs, *which appear white to tan but are actually transparent*. The guard hair is 5–15 cm (2.0–5.9 in) over most of the body... The hollow guard hairs of a polar bear coat were once thought to act as fiber-optic tubes to conduct light to its black skin, *where it could be absorbed; however, this theory was disproved by recent studies*..."

Yeah - so it looks like the hairs are transparent but it has nothing to do with UV absorption like it was once thought. No problem being called out on recent literature updates thanks! I fixed my original post to not spread false information.
Who said we need Emperors? - little penguins (Eudyptula minor) stand at 13 inches and would do fine
all those options more or less kill the species.

1. Once the first two generations die off, the polar beads in captivity would not be able to sustain themselves in the wild as they will not know how to hunt properly.

2. Obviously this destroys the genetic legacy of polar bears (and possibly grizzly bears eventually)

3. Similar to 1, they may still be wild, but they aren't very much like the original polar bears.

4. Similar to 3, as well as likely causing other problems like over hunting of penguins.
I was just curious, carry on
This is kinda piggybacking off your thought...
I know the name Arctic was stemmed from the Greek word arctos for bear, and Antarctica was named opposite of the Artic; hence, no bears. But, were there ever bears down south, or penguinos up north? Could polar bears have existed &amp; died off down there for the reasons possibly stated before; penguins naturally in the northern hemisphere as well? Or would we have seen evidence of this by now?
Funnily enough, I spent some time today reading up on this.

First of all, no there has never been found any evidence of existence of either on the opposite "ends" of the planet.

Secondly, I found an article by a biologist discussing the suggested plans of moving polar bears to Antarctica, and why that would most likely not work...

Her first point was about penguins; they have never met predatory animals before. Which means, they would not flee from the polar bears. In essence, this is good for polar bears, but not so much for penguins. They would be a walking buffet. 

The second point was that the massive land areas underneath the ice would be dangerous to the polar bears. Her thought was that they **might** survive as long as they stayed in the coastal areas, because they have access to seals and penguins, but since polar bears by nature are wanderers, they would start moving in-lands, and there's no sufficient food sources for animals of their size. 

In essence, it seems like it's not a feasible solution.
Well, yes I suppose the polar bear as we know it may never be the same. Either they adapt or die in the wild and/or we help them in captivity. Most species reintroductions fail anyway, its not a viable solution to the ecological crises at hand. The only way to save the polar bear would be to preserve its habitat. But that gets into climate change politics, policies and government regulations  - which as we have seen have not been to pro-active. There is still time left, but the door is closing.
Penguins are neither quick nor agile on land. They also do not have any fear of anything on land.

Polar bears couldn't catch them in the water, buy polar bears can't catch anything in water. Polar bears would make easy meals of them.
Polar bears (around here anyways) hunt in iced-over coastal waters, they stalk blowholes and grab seals when they come up to breathe. If they hunted penguins, they would probably favor this approach.

They do not venture far inland, not more than 15 km on average; they are no cheetahs, but they can outrun a man. They make up for speed by stealth, being unbelievably quiet. They have to be unheard to be believed in this respect.
&gt;  Of course assuming you transferred the polar bears to areas with penguin colonies they would have pretty good (but seasonal) food source - unless it is the Emperor which winters in Antarctica.   
   
I don't understand why the Emperor penguin is an exception, why isn't it a good food source? Can you elaborate further?
Sorry, the emperor penguin could be a good food source, because this penguin species is found in Antarctica year round "The Emperor Penguin is perhaps best known for the sequence of journeys adults make each year in order to mate and to feed their offspring. The only penguin species that breeds during the Antarctic winter, it treks 50–120 km over the ice to breeding colonies which may include thousands of individuals." This is opposed to species that are not found in Antarctica like the [african penguin](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_Penguin) or the [magellanic penguin](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magellanic_Penguin) in south america, or those species which are only found in Antarctica during the summer when breeding/incubation occurs. 

Penguins would be seasonal source of food that is highly concentrated in colonies - this would make it difficult for polar bears to find enough food year round. Especially in winter when penguins are dispersed in the southern waters for feeding.
&gt; Sorry, the emperor penguin could be a good food source   
  
As the biggest penguin that was my impression too but I thought you claimed otherwise.

&gt; this penguin species is found in Antarctica year round  
  
I think it's important to mention  that they disperse into the oceans from January to March.

&gt;  Especially in winter when penguins are dispersed in the southern waters for feeding.   
   
I think you contradict yourself. Wouldn't that be the Antarctic summer?
&gt;As the biggest penguin that was my impression too but I thought you claimed otherwise

That was not my intention.

&gt;I think it's important to mention that they disperse into the oceans from January to March.

Ok, so they are gone for 3 months - but this isn't the important point I am trying to make. All I have been trying to say really is that penguins would not be reliable food source for polar bears. Going into semantics about where each species is spatially and temporally with a fine tooth comb doesn't take away from the main point that transferring polar bears south is probably not feasible idea.

&gt;Especially in winter when penguins are dispersed in the southern waters for feeding.

I meant their winter - they (most penguin species) breed in colonies during their summer and forage/disperse during their winter. Except the emperor penguin which breeds in their winter in Antarctica. 

Sorry if the way I am explaining this is confusing. It semantics about when/where the penguins are - the fact is that few species actually breed in Antarctica or even go there, those that do are concentrated spatially and/or temporally making that food source an unreliable one for polar bears if they were transferred there.
Penguins don't have the equipment to "dig" the breathing holes that Arctic seals make. They live either on top of the ice or in open water.

Polar bears couldn't use the same tactics to catch penguins that they use to great effect to catch seals. They'd just eat them while they're on the surface the way a cow eats grass.
Well - OPs question is speculative - the only way to find out would be to try and see. Critters are resourcefull, perhaps they would find a way to adapt and perhaps they wouldn't. There are differences between the 2 polar areas, some might prove detrimental to penguins in the case of a hypothetical transplant, others might be advantageous. Who can say without experimentation?

Summary:
Polar bears would make easy meals of them.
(There are seals in Antarctica, they would just be harder to hunt).
In essence, this is good for polar bears, but not so much for penguins.
Polar bears, like all bears, will eat anything.
I believe they could make it.
Except the emperor penguin which breeds in their winter in Antarctica.
There you go then: bears no, penguins maybe...
All I have been trying to say really is that penguins would not be reliable food source for polar bears.
Is there any reason to assume a polar bear wouldn't find penguins just as tasty as seals?
Especially in winter when penguins are dispersed in the southern waters for feeding.
not in the water swimming) it would be a great easy meal for a polar bear.
Polar bears couldn't catch them in the water, buy polar bears can't catch anything in water.
&gt;  Especially in winter when penguins are dispersed in the southern waters for feeding.
Penguins are also primarily hunted by leopard seals.
Well, yes I suppose the polar bear as we know it may never be the same.
I am more sceptical as to the penguins though.
If they hunted penguins, they would probably favor this approach.
