Original Response:
Obviously not, but is it as close to a living thing as we have so far made? Sorry if this has been asked before, or if it belongs in another reddit, like technology or philosophy.
As you state, the internet is not alive. In order for something to be considered "alive", it must generally have certain characteristics outlined nicely in this [wikipedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life). These can generally be grouped into two fundamental characteristics: 1) the ability to sustain oneself; and 2) the ability to reproduce. The internet does "grow" or "produce new material", which could be thought of as reproduction, but it is not capable doing this spontaneously. Humans generate all new content on the internet. I would tend to think of the internet of more as a complex tool developed by humans. It is not capable of anything on its own, much less the functions required by life. As far as "as close to a living thing as we have so far made," I'm not really sure what you mean. In what way do you feel like the internet could be life-like?
It could only be 'alive' in an analogous sort of way, I suppose. Any life form, even extraterrestial and totally foreign to us, must surely require a source of energy. Perhaps we could be considered the energy source, and individual computers the cells. It certainly seems to have a nervous system and consciousness.
If you look at it in an analogous way, then yes, it would be 'alive', but not by biological standards :P
&gt; Perhaps we could be considered the energy source

We ourselfs need an energy source. Also the computers we build need an energy source. The analogy just isn't there I'm afraid.
Life has an energy source in order to perform functions under the control of the organism. Humans aren't an energy source for the internet; rather, we *control* the internet. In addition, a nervous system and consciousness are not required by a living organism. Bacteria, for example, are alive, but they do not have a nervous system. Whether or not something is conscious or has a nervous system (which I would argue that the internet does not) is an entirely separate question.
The first requirement of a living thing is the ability to reproduce.

There is only one internet, so it has never reproduced. Thus it cannot be considered alive, even by the most general definition.
Lets expand our minds a little. Lets imagine a lifeform that does not need to reproduce. It does not need to reproduce, because it will live forever. That is, or course (as with any possible lifeform) until conditions which support it cease to exist.

I am not suggesting in this question that the internet is a biological life form.
There is no reasonable definition of life which does not require reproduction.
All right, you win.

Summary:
It does not need to reproduce, because it will live forever.
As you state, the internet is not alive.
The first requirement of a living thing is the ability to reproduce.
