Original Response:
I was reading [this](http://news.bbc.co.uk/today/hi/today/newsid_9672000/9672233.stm) article, in which Stephen Hawking answers people's questions about the universe. A quote:

&gt;The origin of the universe can be explained by the laws of physics, without any need for miracles or Divine intervention. These laws predict that the universe was spontaneously created out of nothing in a rapidly expanding state. 

Did Hawking accurately summarize the origin of the universe here? I know he has to write as briefly as possibly, but does physics really predict the formation of the early universe from nothing?
it's a little simplified.  saying "created out of nothing" sort of implies that there was nothingness beforehand, which is incorrect.  Time itself was created then, so there was no 'beforehand.'

I don't think I helped.  This is a difficult concept.
If there was no beforehand could you say that there was never not time? As in at .000....001 seconds is when the universe "began." How well is this accepted? What's the possibility that there was, for example, a massive collapse prior to the big bang? My brain hurts.
No, a lot of physicists think that Hawking is overstepping the bounds of "reasonable thing for a physicist to conclude."  Some of the physical laws/theories, especially those surrounding quantum mechanics, may provide a way to spontaneously create a universe from some definition of nothingness, but we haven't yet proven that conclusively.  We'd need a working quantum theory of gravity backed up by experimental data, for example.

Of course, this hasn't stopped every media organization in the world from broadcasting his words as the gospel of physics.  Ugh.

Sometimes, famous old physicists have a tendency to say things that one can't yet reasonably conclude.  Some rare few of them even go off the deep end and go full crackpot.  It's very sad to watch, and I sometimes wonder if I'll be that way one day.
Time began, as far as we know, at the big bang. At this instant, and slightly after it, our laws of physics don't really apply. And there is no definition of a "before."

However, it's wrong to say it was made out of "nothing," because we don't know what it came from. In short, it came from nothing we've seen before or have observed etc., but we don't know quite why it happened.
I'm no expert but there is a theory (called M-theory) that explains that our universe (and others) are created as a result of interactions in 11-dimensional space. 

As far as I know, it is still a pretty new idea that is being worked on, but it may be of interest to you.
No, nothing can predict something that already happened.
The Big Bang is as far back in time we can go before our equations break down. The universe was just too hot and dense. As such, it is not necessarily the beginning of time, but rather just as far back as we can presently go. 

What Hawking is saying there might be an abridged version of a very complicated idea, in which originally the universe was very nearly the same everywhere, with variations only on the order of 0.001%. However, after the Big Bang, the places with relative density 1.00001 ultimately became galaxies and lesser places just became empty space as stuff was pulled toward the other parts. Hence, given the time since the Big Bang, stuff spontaneously collected and formed the universe as we know it today.

Summary:
Time itself was created then, so there was no 'beforehand.'
Time began, as far as we know, at the big bang.
The Big Bang is as far back in time we can go before our equations break down.
