Original Response:
[deleted]
I cannot offer you any scientific evidence, but what I can offer is my experience.  As a fire fighter I have seen more burns to the human body than I care to recall as well as some farm livestock on several occasions.  The burns are pretty similar and are treated in basically the same way severe or not.
fire hurts, and it hurts enough so that we realize that it is bad before it has the chance to kill us. Of course there are a few incidents where fire kills people, but its not nearly enough for an evolutionary change to occur. any change in humans that allowed us to take burns better is purely coincidental.
I tend to agree with this. I don't think fire really acts as an evolutionary pressure.
Well, we don't have as much fur to catch on fire.
Directly, no, but the *use* of fire to cook food may have. The additional calories available to people who cook their meat and vegetables rather than eating them raw is one theorised explanation for the rapid outsizing of the human brain (which requires some 30% of our caloric intake to maintain). While modern humans *can* fuel their metabolism through a raw foods diet, this is only because of agricultural (and evolutionary in the case of lactose tolerance) developments that took place after the transition to a fire-dependent culture.

Also, the comments above mostly discuss the extreme end of burns. This is pure speculation, but it wouldn't surprise me if people recovered from mild food burns to their mouth slightly more readily than pre-fire hominids as there would be a definite (if slight) new evolutionary pressure for the body to fix the lining of your oral cavity before it got infected from being scalded by this novel heated food.
[deleted]
In the time we've been utilizing fire as a tool genetic evolution has been trumped by social

So YES we have evolved, no not in the manner of better skin or healing, but instead in ways to manage the tool of fire  ( combustion engine for example )
No.  Humans have no specialized cells in our skin to deal with thermal damage.  Thermal damage is universal in almost every organism, save extremophilic bacterias etc. that sit on top of thermal vents at the bottom of the ocean.  Simply put, protein denatures at a certain temperature and thermal damage to our skin denatures the proteins causing damage, cell death, etc.
The only way for "burn recovery" or something of that nature to be an evolutionary advantage, minor-moderate burns has to be applied to a large enough of the population that those who can recover quickly from burns stand to have a survival (and thus reproduction) advantage ovre those who cant.  Since burns that cause some people to die and some peopel to live do not happen frequently enough and in large enough number to cause such selection, it can not produce the necessary evolutionary pressure for us to gain some kind of advantage

Summary:
Humans have no specialized cells in our skin to deal with thermal damage.
I don't think fire really acts as an evolutionary pressure.
