Original Response:
Doubtful. Someone will just say their God created them too or, like dinosaur bones, its a way to test the faithful. There will always be a section that refuse to understand anything else and you know what? Let them! It's their right. I've grown tired over the years fighting with zealots.
If you're asking about why it is called the "theory of evolution" as opposed to the "law of evolution", I think you're using the wrong definition of the word theory.  There are quite a few definitions, which have very different meanings.

in this case, it is this definition

a plausible or scientifically acceptable general principle or body of principles offered to explain phenomena 

not this one

a hypothesis assumed for the sake of argument or investigation; an unproved assumption.

These two definitions probably should never have been the same word, but here we are.  Other notable theories that are accepted facts with mounds of evidence - atomic theory (the theory that atoms are made of of protons neutrons and electrons).  the theory of gravity (how gravity works).  

when someone says "evolution is just a theory," they are using the wrong definition, and are entirely misunderstanding the phrase "theory of evolution"
Evolution is already accepted as a law. The Law of Evolution states that all forms of life evolve. The Theory of Evolution attempts to explain why and how.

The Law of Gravity is that things fall. However, gravity is still a theory as we don't fully understand it; the Theory of Gravitation is an incomplete theory, but that doesn't mean anything for the Law of Gravity. Theories don't "become" laws, theories and laws are separate terms.
"Theory" and "law" are **not** concepts that exist on a continuum, with law being on the opposite end of the continuum from "hypothesis", as I think you're suggesting.

Although there are some differences between how "theory" and "law" are used in physics and how they are used elsewhere, I think [the replies in this thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/kezjv/why_is_the_term_law_used_in_physics_but_in_every/) ought to help clear some things up.
The correct answer to this question doesn't involve religious rants. There's a time and place for that, but this isn't it.
Wasn't a rant. Just simply offering up a probable counter-argument.
Well, either way... the "law" of evolution IS accepted, save a few crazies. It states that organisms change over time to better survive in their environments. The "theory" of evolution is ALSO accepted, save a few crazies. It states WHY organisms change over time to better survive in their environments.

No theory as ever nor will ever become a law, though, because the two are entirely different things.
Laws and Theories (and Hypotheses and Conjectures) don't work that way.  There is no Grand Council of Science that decides when a Theory is good enough to promote to a Law.

There are Hypotheses that are undisputed, and Laws that are dead wrong.  There are some general trends as to what constitutes one or the other, but the only real rule is that the name an idea has when it becomes popular tends to stick.
Theory isn't a pejorative in science; the best synonym would be "framework."

There's nothing holding back evolution from making the non-existent transition from "theory" to "law." Laws in science are generally mathematical relationships from the 19th century, rather than a word for a real smashing theory.
Ah, that clears it up. Thanks, and thanks to the other commenterd too.
Agreed
Theory does not mean "unproven." Evolution **is already proven. That does not mean it is a law. A law is a repeated observation, and since evolution is not a patterned phenomenon, it will only rarely repeat itself.**

Theories don't work that way. Other examples of theories are gravity, atoms, cells, and germs.

Summary:
Evolution is already accepted as a law.
the theory of gravity (how gravity works).
**

Theories don't work that way.
The Theory of Evolution attempts to explain why and how.
