Original Response:
While not particularly scientific, I'm going to say it's most likely the massive amounts of sugar in soft drinks that does it for the majority of people.
[deleted]
If that were the case, then flat soda would taste just as good as carbonated soda.
Humans need sodium to survive and we don't produce our own sodium. Sodas have massive amounts of sodium and that's why we crave them. We are innately addicted to sodium just like we are to salt. We subconsciously crave it, admittedly some more than others, because we need it.
[deleted]
Flat soda tastes sweeter than carbonated soda. Sugar helps mask the carbonic acid. Without that, it's just really, really sweet.
So, a brief intro: there's a lot of work that is under lock-and-key as to exactly what the thresholds are for amount of sugar (or HFCS) and, more importantly, the amount of carbonation/citric acid in a typical soft drink. These two ingredients are critical. Proportions are under lock-and-key because they are trade secrets and particular for specific formulas of beverages. 



Second, a test: get 3 cans of your favorite carbonated soft drink. Open one and let it come to room temperature, and lose a lot of carbonation. Let a second one get warm, retain some carbonation but not as much loss as the first. Open a fresh one from the fridge.

You should find them disgusting, in that order. 


Third, an experiment you can have someone do to you: most people have a preference of coke or pepsi. And most people probably believe they can identify each one and know they would pick their preference.


Get 4 cans: 2 Coke, 2 Pepsi. Let one of each get warm. Make sure 2 are cold. The warm Pepsi you should find _repulsive_ and you'll pick the warm Coke over the warm Pepsi, while the cold Pepsi (technically, at a "perfect", under lock-and-key temperature) you will pick over the cold Coke. You can have some do the whole blind-tasting or even get fancy and do a double-blind, if you have enough nerds and soda at your disposal.


Part of the reason you like the beverage is because of the sugar. Reward circuits are (probably) firing to say "YUM. STORE THIS FOR LATER." However the amount of sugar is actually gross to a majority of people and not pleasant to taste. Carbonation and citric acid mask the (overwhelming) sugar taste. 

There are some food science and taste science panelists hiding around these parts... let's hope they turn up.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Furthermore, it does nothing to explain why I love bubbly water so much.
Humans have [separate taste receptors](http://www.nih.gov/news/health/oct2009/nidcr-15.htm) for carbonic acid / carbon dioxide.
And here's the answer. Thanks.

Summary:
Let one of each get warm.
Sugar helps mask the carbonic acid.
Carbonation and citric acid mask the (overwhelming) sugar taste.
