Original Response:
Caffeine binds to the adenosine receptors specifically (A1 and A2a receptors). The A1 and A3 receptors are generally inhibitory receptors of adenylate cyclase while A2a and A2b are excitatory  receptors. So why does caffeine cause wakefulness if it binds to one excitatory and one inhibitory receptor, shouldnt the other two receptors cause an inhibtion of adenylate cylase and inturn cause the Ca+ channel to not open causing the absence of an action potential?
Important to note is the distribution of the receptors and the interactions with other neurotransmitters. It appears that the [Adenosine A2A, but not A1, receptors mediate the arousal effect of caffeine](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15965471). The A2a is primarily located in the striatum and is believed to have a direct functional relationship (specifically an inhibitory modulation) with the dopamine D2 receptor. So when caffeine antagonises the A2a, there is a reduced inhibitory modulation of the D2-&gt; leading to increased D2 activation. [Check this out for some more info](http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/1182710-overview#aw2aab6b5).
Dammit, I wanted to answer this...I did my thesis on adenosine metabolism and signaling. grumblegrumble....
Haha sorry klenow. Feel free to supplement with you expertise as you seen fit.
nah, you covered it well. Believe me, I was looking for you screwing up *somehow*.... but you nailed it.
Hmm ok I am really confused about dopamine now. Is the sense of wakefulness caused by action potentials firing from neurons due to dopamine receptors causing ion channels to open?
I think it is important to emphasise that terms used in describing the neurophysiology of action potentials and neural signalling such as "excitatory" and "inhibitory" have very specific definitions. For this reason "wakefullness" is not just about causing action potentials. 

Indeed activation of the D2 receptor activation is associated with an *inhibition* of adenylate cyclase. Important to note is that the D2 receptors are not directly linked to ion channels and instead lead to a complex cascade of intracellular events that have an effect. Obviously this is getting to be quite complex. The finding that the A2a forms a heteromeric complex with the D2 is just the tip of the iceberg and it is only now being investigated into what the precise mechanisms involved are. To give you a primer on the complexity of g protein signalling cascade (which is what happens with D2 activation) check out this primer [here](http://www.acnp.org/g4/GN401000028/Default.htm). It is some heavy reading if you are not familiar but the section titled "OVERVIEW OF INTRACELLULAR MESSENGER SYSTEMS IN BRAIN" gives a good indication of the *complexity* and the *breadth* of the effects that occur with activation of (for example) the D2 receptor, and the section titles "INTRACELLULAR SYSTEMS COUPLED TO CATECHOLAMINE RECEPTORS: PROXIMAL EFFECTS - Receptors Coupled to Gi/Go" has some specific info on D2 activation.

Long story short is that there can be a number of mechanisms by which the A2a and D2 interact to cause changes in the neurons that lead to wakefullness. At this stage it is unclear exactly how this happens beyond our knowledge of the complex signalling that can occur with activation of these receptors.

Summary:
Caffeine binds to the adenosine receptors specifically (A1 and A2a receptors).
So when caffeine antagonises the A2a, there is a reduced inhibitory modulation of the D2-&gt; leading to increased D2 activation.
