Original Response:
I hear the relation of exposure to sunlight in the morning when one wakes leads to better sleep at night. Is this direct sun light where one is in direct path of the sun or does seeing indirect sunlight yield the same effect?
There is "light box therapy" which is used for sleep disorders, where you have a small box that emits light similar to sunlight in order to reset your circadian cycles when you wake up. So no, it does not have to be direct sunlight or even sunlight at all; it merely has to be similar to sunlight.
In your eye you have special photoreceptors that don't transmit visual signals these retinal ganglion cells are intrinsically photosensitive and they are responsible for telling your circadian rhythm's master clock that there is sunlight. These RGC are activated ONLY by light in the blue spectrum of visible light (with a small shoulder in the UV range, UVA). Now a moment of exposure to this kind of light will reset parts of your circadian rhythm, if you want more info on this look up 'phase delay'. If you want your body to entrain to day time better then looking at the sun or a light with the right output right when you wake up will help you set your cycle so that when night time comes around your body is more prepared for it. Not that you have perpherial clocks in many of your other tissues that, while mediated by the release of melatonin that arises from the absence of light of the right kind, they can still be put out of sync by things like temperature (your body inrterpretes cold as night time) and blood sugar levels (you shouldn't be eating while sleeping)
To piggyback on your answer: this is why computer use is not recommended at night if you have issues with sleep.  The blue light spectrum from the monitor affects your circadian rhythm for as long as you are viewing the monitor and for several minutes afterward.
[deleted]

Summary:
I hear the relation of exposure to sunlight in the morning when one wakes leads to better sleep at night.
