Original Response:
In short, no.
The thought wouldn't change your DNA, it wouldn't alter the development of an embryo, it wouldn't change or do anything to something that has no idea what the thought is, it is a similar sort of question to the one of whether children are born to be a certain nationality: the ability to learn the language, culture, customs etc is genetic but the actual language, culture, customs aren't passed on genetically.
That sounds rather Lamarckian

A trait that is genetically based, if it gives an advantage in terms of the relative number of copies of genes for it left in later generations (i.e. affects things like survival or reproduction), will tend to become more common in the population.

Your scenario has two main problems - the first is that arbitrary cultural ideas don't have a genetic basis, and the second is that nothing in your scenario gives a survival or reproduction advantage to having this thought be 'innate' (passed along genetically) rather than culturally, as given in the scenario.

There's really nothing for evolution to 'work on' here.
I get you. I was really just thinking in the hypothetical assuming that in reality a civilization wouldn't be able to survive in that circumstance.

I was just thinking that maybe, if this one notion was ingrained into people's minds generation after generation, millennium after millennium, perhaps it could become a part of their biological makeup. 

But that's science fiction.
No. Evolution really doesn't work like that.

That's pretty much the same as asking, "If generations of people wished that they could fly, would their kids develop this ability?"
It could indirectly.

If individuals who were better at rumination we celebrated by that society, and reproduced more frequently, their genes would be passed down to there offspring, would tend to be a little better at it as well.  After countless generations of selection, the idea could conceived be imprinted upon the genome as instinctive behavior. 

Note, this would *not* be because the individual thought hard about it...it would be because their society rewarded individuals who thought hard about it.

Summary:
There's really nothing for evolution to 'work on' here.
