Original Response:
I have a rudimentary understanding of light absorption and emission, but I'm having a difficult time finding what exactly causes a molecule to absorb or reflect specific wavelengths.
A molecule can absorb light of a particular wavelength if the energy increase from the absorption can induce a change from one allowed energy state of the molecule to another. The possible transitions allowed for the molecules are governed by what are known as selection rules.

For instance this can be a change in the rotational or vibrational energy level (when the frequency of the vibration or rotation changes) or changes in the electronic configuration of the molecule.
I find the wave perspective to be more intuitive.

As electrons orbit the nucleus of an atom, they move so fast/their position is so uncertain that it is best to think of them as an electron shell, or an electron cloud.  As this shell moves away from the nucleus, it is pulled back to the center, just like a spring.  And just like a spring, there is a spring constant and a fundamental frequency.  If the frequency of the light matches the fundamental frequency, the light is absorbed.  

It is this principle of resonance which causes some frequencies of light to be absorbed and others to not.
Is there further reading you can suggest?
But wouldn't your explanation mean that only one frequency of light is absorbed? It seems that many pigments tend to absorb most of the visible spectrum, and only emit a small portion of it.
When you're looking at pure elements, that's almost exactly what you get.  Take a look at absorption and emission spectra and you see very discrete lines.  

When you look at objects in the everyday world, you're looking at many elements and don't get that pure spectrum.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absorption_spectroscopy
Sorry, I can't be of much help there. I typically used university lecture notes when I was learning this stuff and just picked up the odd book now and again from the library. 

I'd imagine the MIT opencourseware notes on spectroscopy would have quite a good explanation of what you want but I haven't read them myself so can't really make a reliable recommendation.

Summary:
If the frequency of the light matches the fundamental frequency, the light is absorbed.
It is this principle of resonance which causes some frequencies of light to be absorbed and others to not.
