Original Response:
Since mechanical action is needed for cleaning/drying after washing, are dryers less effective than paper towels or are your hands rubbing together under the dryer enough?
The ''cleaning your hands'' part of hand washing happens when you're rubbing soap in your hands and rinsing it away with water. The drying step does not contribute to getting rid of bacteria, viruses, grime, etc. off your hands.
Just to clarify: soap does not clean your hands. If you put soap into your dry hands and rub it around and rinse with water, you're doing it wrong. Soap is meant to work with water. It's an emulsifier. You add soap to water and the resulting solution is what does the cleaning. You put a few drops of soap in your wet hands and then scrub while periodically adding a bit of water.

Paper towels are more sanitary because you can use them to open the feces-laden door on your way out. In restrooms with only air dryers I have to use a wad of toilet paper to open the door.
Do you rub your hands together under the air dryer?  It's in the instruction on the front of the dryer and it is quite helpful.
Yes, I do. It's not to clean your hands, but to speed the drying process. You're thinning the water layer by spreading it out which enables faster drying.
Yes, I know.  I was just wondering how you could have such a hard time with air driers.
I don't have a difficult time with them, I don't like them because they don't help me avoid touching the shit-handle of the door on the way out.
Have you ever tried the Dyson Airblade? Mmmmm, my faith in hand dryers has been restored ever since I've used one for the first time. Coincidentally, I've noticed that most of the bathrooms that are equipped with Airblades don't have any doors, or have doors that open outwards  so you can just kick the door open on your way out without having to touch anything.
&gt; _Have you ever tried the Dyson Airblade?_

Those are particularly disgusting. Have you ever looked at the slime, bits of toilet paper, and hair that collect at the bottom of those things? Ewww. I ain't sticking my hands in that shit.

Summary:
Do you rub your hands together under the air dryer?
Just to clarify: soap does not clean your hands.
