Original Response:
My thought is that it would produce slightly more heat than it's cooling - because the electricity it's using must be going somewhere.
yes it would get hotter. The first law of thermodynamics says that energy can neither be created or destroyed. Since the ac unit is not 100% efficient (and the fact that by drawing a current it is increasing the amount of energy in the room) the temperature will increase.
Thank you, I suspected that the case, it's just interesting to imagine that an air conditioner as a system actually produces heat.
Assuming the room is a small one then the room would heat up-- a lot and in a fairly short amount of time.  If the A/C is using, say, 1200 watts then there is 1200 joules of heat being dumped into the room every second.  You would basically be running a space heater.
And so, naturally, an air conditioner could be put in "backwards" and heat the room more efficiently than if the entire unit was inside.
If you then run the evaporator coils underground you would have a simple heat pump.
A 100 watt AC unit will heat a closed room just the same as a 100 watt heating unit would.
Yes.

An air conditioner is a heat pump. When you supply it with power, it takes heat from one side (usually the hot side) and dumps it on the cold side. So the air conditioner has 3 energy connections: power supply line, cool side (where it absorbs heat), and warm side (where it rejects heat).

The air conditioner takes in energy from the cool side and power side, and dumps all of it on the warm side.

When you put the a/c in a box, you are still supplying energy into the box via a power cable, thus you will result in the box heating up.
I maintain an AC unit in the Air Force that if you can reverse the flow of refrigerant, thus turning your evaporator into a condenser (and vice versa) and it is now a heater.
I can confirm anecdotally what everyone else is saying, thanks to having a freestanding AC unit which is prone to having its exhaust fall off.  In one case, this happened and I didn't notice for an hour, and it caused the temperature in the room it was in to go up by about 4C.
Remember that the aim of an air conditioner is to transfer heat, and air conditioners are usually positioned so as to transfer heat from inside a building to outside. If you put the air conditioner fully inside, it still will transfer heat but as has already been said, will add heat because of its inefficiency.

Refrigerators and freezers work essentially the same way as AC units. The back of a refrigerator is warm. Leave a refrigerator with the door open in a closed room and the net effect will be to warm the room.

Summary:
An air conditioner is a heat pump.
A 100 watt AC unit will heat a closed room just the same as a 100 watt heating unit would.
