Original Response:
I'm especially thinking of breast cancer and cervical cancer in women, what makes those parts so vulnerable?
Cervical cancer is actually less common--the reason it's often emphasized is that many instances are preventable.

In general, the most common cancers are in areas that are subject to rapid cell turnover, are acted on by hormones that impact growth, and are exposed to environmental compounds that cause either cell death or direct mutations to DNA, because these give a tissue more chances to accumulate mutations.

The most common cancers in women  are breast, lung, and colorectal (aside from nonmelanoma skin cancers).  Breast cancer is usually but not always in the epithelial cells lining the milk ducts--a layer that turns over quickly--and since breasts are a secondary sexual characteristic and important in childbearing, breast tissue is acted on by reproductive hormones--for example, in some women they actually change in size many times during their lives, even without childbearing.  There may be additional reasons, as this is not my exact field of study, but in and of themselves those would predispose a tissue to be a more common site of cancer.
Thanks, that makes sense. I guess that cervical cancer seems to be more common because people talk about it more.

But with the cells in the milk ducts, is there a high turnover even when milk is not being produced?

Also does this mean that mouth and stomach cancers are actually more likely than the other types because they are both difficult environments?
Here's a [list of the most common cancers](http://seer.cancer.gov/publications/ethnicity/topfive.pdf) divided by men and women and ethnic group.  You can often see interesting environmental trends.  You'll note, for example, that while colorectal and breast tend to be common in women across ethnic groups, stomach cancer tends to correlate with high salt diets.   

I'm not sure how the rate of turnover in milk duct epithelial is affected by milk production, except to say that obviously it makes sense that it would be lower without milk production, but I haven't read much research in this area and can't do anything more than speculate and note that epithelial layers are in general characterized by lots of cell turnover.  I'd ask my cousin, who used to study breast cancer, but she's on a plane right now.

Lung is so high generally because of smoking.  I'm not sure about mouth cancer, honestly, except that it also correlates highly with smoking and with chewing tobacco.  But passage of hazards through the mouth is generally quite transient with the exception of chewing tobacco, while they mill around in the stomach (which has the added factor of the acidic environment) for quite some time.
Something not mentioned about cervical cancer.  It is mostly due to environmental risk factor.  Exposure to high risk HPV most certainly is involved in the development of cervical cancer.  That is why the HPV vaccine is so crucial.
Wow, black guys really need to get their prostates checked.
[deleted]
Women who have breastfed are actually at lower risk, http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1582-4934.2005.tb00350.x/abstract
Thanks!
[deleted]
[deleted]

Summary:
Lung is so high generally because of smoking.
Something not mentioned about cervical cancer.
