Original Response:
We all know how an individual molecule is, but what would a large amount of this substance look like? Is it a liquid? Is it actually acidic? Could the genes it contains affect its large-scale physical properties?

Thanks!
Are we talking about the dried salt or a rehydrated form?  As a dried salt, well, it will look like dried salt.  The cleaner it is, the whiter it will be.  Rehydrated, it will look like whatever you rehydrate it with.  When we do DNA extractions in my lab, we generally rehydrate with TE, which looks just like water.  So my rehydrated DNA samples look like a little bit of water in the bottom of the tube.
Here is a video of a guy extracting the dna (chromosomes) from some strawberrys. At the end he get quite a lot in a cup.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHlH2hBXPDA
In high enough concentrations it can look like a white stringy substance. See jonjonjon69's post.
The thing about "kitchen" extractions (or the type of extractions you can do with kids using "normal" chemicals, this is how I introduced DNA when I taught 9th grade biology) is that the DNA comes out really dirty.  There is little to remove the proteins and RNA in extractions like that, so what you are seeing isn't just DNA, but a bunch of other stuff that isn't cleaned out/off from the DNA.
Good point, it's still basically mixed in with everything else the strawberry was composed of. I get the same thing when doing DNA extractions in the lab though too. I'm not sure what else could be responsible for the stringy texture other than a very large polymer.
I showed kids how to do this at a public science event. This sort of thing is the perfect opportunity to show people that science gives real-world results.

Got the same snotty results. Upvote for you.
I did a lab back in junior high or high school where you can get much cleaner DNA.  For the life of me I don't remember what we extracted it from but if you slowly spin a glass rod as you are adding the alcohol you get a nice spool of DNA that isn't snotty looking.  Then again, who has a glass rod in their house?

Summary:
I get the same thing when doing DNA extractions in the lab though too.
Rehydrated, it will look like whatever you rehydrate it with.
