Original Response:
Lately I've been reading a lot of articles in the vein of "look what animals can do that we thought they couldn't;" we've got apes that can sign and birds that can count and such. It seems intuitively appealing to assume that the incidence of mental illness, at least the way we define mental illness, in a species is positively correlated with intelligence. I've read a few anecdotal accounts of animal suicide but it seems like not a lot of people in zoology take it seriously. But what about depression or schizophrenia?
Those are two very different questions.  An example of suicide in animals is altruistic suicide. I remember learning about a type of rodent that when it sees a predator, will screech loudly before moving. It attracts the predator but ultimately saves many more of its kin.
There are many other species that commit suicide for various reasons. Dolphins and whales will beach themselves. Whether this is because of mental illness is unknown. Dolphins and whales kept in captivity have definitely been known to suffer from depression and die of what appears to be 'broken hearts' rather than specific, deliberate acts. There's also plenty of diseases that exist in nature that can lead to mental illness, such as rabies. I don't think it would be possible to diagnose schizophrenia or a specific illness in an animal. They perceive the world much differently than we do and plenty of animal behavior cannot be explained. For example, we cannot determine if a dog is suffering from auditory hallucinations since it cannot tell us what it hears and the spectrum range of its hearing is much different from ours. We also cannot ask why an animal will do certain things, like when a dog turns around 3 times before laying down. All of that being said, with all the different species, different kinds of nervous systems and gene combinations on the planet, I'd doubt we'd be the only ones who get our brains mis-wired. The reason that there appears to be a lack of interest is that there's just no way to tell. Do wasps have something like autism? Do beavers exhibit psychopathy? I don't think there's a way for us to find out.
Your question immediately made me think of a scene from Werner Herzog's Encounters at the End of the World.  It features what seems to be a mentally ill or suicidal penguin. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TJ-tyS57Kw&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player
&gt; Are humans unique in experiencing various mental illnesses?

We're unique in that our behavioural abnormalities are called "mental illnesses" and other species' are just called "behavioural abnormalities".  We can't ask animals about their internal mental states, so we can only talk about their observable behaviours.

&gt; Are we the only species on Earth that commits suicide?

For certain values of "suicide", no.  As every schoolboy knows, when a honey bee stings a mammal, it is fatal for the bee, but they do sting in defence of the hive.  Whether we are the only creatures that kill ourselves out of just not wanting to be alive anymore is unknown.  One of the hypotheses that has been suggested to account for whale beachings, a difficult phenomenon to explain, is suicide, but it's hard to see how this could be tested.
&gt; I've read a few anecdotal accounts of animal suicide but it seems like not a lot of people in zoology take it seriously

I wouldn't say that, of course animal behaviour is taken seriously. Its just important not to anthropomorphize it. Its very difficult as other people have said to diagnose mental illnesses in animals because most mental illnesses need to be described using oral communication between two parties. That being said, animals under stressful situations will exhibit behaviours similar to those we exhibit - but we can't label it "schizophrenia or bi-polar" or whatever, we can only look at the behaviour and recognize if its healthy or not healthy and then try and do something to correct it or correct the perceived cause of it.

An animal kept in too small a cage, or in inhumane conditions will pace, loose fur/feathers, loose weight, lie motionless, will avoid making noises, will make stress-related noises (whimper, growl), they will gnaw at their fur, or lick it until its skin is raw, wont drink, and they will become unresponsive to stimuli that a normal animal would. I have seen all of these first hand working at an animal shelter. I cannot say that they were mentally ill, but they did not exhibit any normal behaviours that we associate with healthy animals in a stimulating environment. Once they were removed from their unhealthy environment and placed in a healthy one, the stressful behaviours slowly were replaced by healthy ones.
I think you will find this article interesting!

It is about Parrots exhibiting behaviors associated with mental illness in humans.
http://www.purdue.edu/uns/html4ever/2005/051221.Garner.parrots.html

Summary:
Whether this is because of mental illness is unknown.
It features what seems to be a mentally ill or suicidal penguin.
I cannot say that they were mentally ill, but they did not exhibit any normal behaviours that we associate with healthy animals in a stimulating environment.
I've read a few anecdotal accounts of animal suicide but it seems like not a lot of people in zoology take it seriously.
