Original Response:
First off it's "too" far apart, not "two". 

Second they are different species, their dna is not compatible. 

Wolf and a coyote could possibly produce a hybrid but you can't get a baby from a fish and a monkey.
Wolves have 78 chromosomes and bears have 74.
What if you had a mutant bear with "bear down syndrome" or something and they had 78? What would you have to do in order to crossbreed them?
[deleted]
Actually chromosome number is not a strict guideline for sexual compatibility for the F1 generation.

In fact, going strictly from this logic, the theoretical offspring of a wolf and a bear would have 76 chromosomes and the continued progeny of Bear-wolves *could* be able to maintain this number after successive generations. This is different from, say Horses (74 Chromosomes) and Donkey (72 chromosomes) crosses which generate Mules that have 63 chromosomes. With an odd number of chromosomes you get issues with meiosis and varied numbers of chromosomes of eggs and sperms. As a [general rule](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mule#Fertility), a mule cannot produce offspring because of improper chromosome pairing, but the fact that there *is* an offspring is enough to show that a simple explanation like the one given requires additional information to relay proper understanding.

I'm not an interspecies reproduction biology expert, but I can tell you that there are many steps before and after fertilization that could be an obstacle to successfully breeding a wolf with a bear. Sexual Reproducibility is part of what defines a species. That's why dogs are all one species despite the fact that you have huge phenotypic differences between, say a Great Dane and a Yorkshire Terrier
ok so it could be possible AND it could breed with other bear-wolves?
It may be possible within a paradigm where sexual reproducibility is simply based on chromosome number. There are other biological, ecological, physical and chemical mechanisms that can prevent bear-wolves. It would be extremely difficult if not impossible for these blocks to be overcome. So while 'possible' is the category I would put bear-wolves and breeding bear-wolves in. Its on the same probability order as all your electrons suddenly moving 10 feet to your left simultaneously.

Summary:
Wolves have 78 chromosomes and bears have 74.
Actually chromosome number is not a strict guideline for sexual compatibility for the F1 generation.
