Original Response:
To be more specific, I tend to cook fairly healthy dishes, but I often reheat them in a microwave oven the day after. Why do people believe that it is unhealthy? My common sense tells me that there should be no increase in free radicals in food after microwaving or that any other detrimental process should occur. Please correct me if I am wrong about this.
[deleted]
Do people actually think that microwave cooking is itself unhealthy?  I think I've only ever heard people talking about the unhealthiness of meals that are designed and packaged to be cooked in the microwave, rather than the cooking process itself.
It's not the microwaving which is perceived as unhealthy, more the pre-packaged microwave meals with which they are synonymous.
The belief that microwave cooking makes food unhealthy is unfounded.  According to Harvard Medical School: ["as a general proposition, cooking with a microwave probably does a better job of preserving the nutrient content of foods because the cooking times are shorter."](http://www.health.harvard.edu/fhg/updates/Microwave-cooking-and-nutrition.shtml)
There have been questions similar to this in [/r/AskReddit](/r/AskReddit) before, and while I think your answer is the correct one, it always turns out that there are indeed people who think microwaves do crazy things, like make your food radioactive or some other nonsense.
Thanks for this, I was wondering this myself -- think this article explains rather well that its the heavily processed foods that are unhealthy, not the process used to prepare them.
Not sure why this is being downvoted, it's definitely true.
No, there are definitely people who believe that the process itself renders food unhealthy. It's probably because microwaves use radiation, and as we all know, radiation is bad. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;

The same goes for irradiated food and, since that is my specialty, a certain spectroscopic / imaging modality called NMR - nuclear magnetic resonance. In any clinical setting, the "N" is silently dropped and one speaks only of MR, even though the "nuclear" has nothing whatsoever to do with radioactivity.

The... wariness towards nuclear energy comes from a similar corner, although I have to admit that I'm personally (and irrationally) also not too fond of as long as the risk for catastrophic failure is non-zero.
Thank you for this reference, have an upvote sir.

Summary:
Do people actually think that microwave cooking is itself unhealthy?
The belief that microwave cooking makes food unhealthy is unfounded.
