Original Response:
When out and about I can't really notice, but I'm sure it's there, and she does say she is uncomfortable with the heat quicker than most people. But at night, we have to have the air on 68 degrees so she doesn't turn into a sweaty ball of mess, while I use 3 different sheets/covers (she can only use 1 thin sheet) to make sure I don't freeze to death on my half of the bed.

I will wake up in the middle of the night and the side away from her will be chilly and cold to the touch, while the side thats just facing her, not even making contact with her, will be sweating and very hot to the touch.

What the HELL is going on here? Does my wife have an active sun inside her? I notice her feet almost feel like when I touch a car seatbelt thats been sitting in the sun for hours.
I'm exactly the same sans the feet, maybe she's just tough
She might have better circulation than you. Or it's hot flashes. I'm not sure how old she is.
Could be something like [hyperthyroidism](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperthyroidism). See a doctor.
Is she extremely thin, and you have a nice layer of insulation?

My wife and I are the exact opposite.  I am constantly hot, and she is always freezing.
She's short and not really thin at all, not fat but not thin. Just average healthy weight. She is however very short, 5.0 even, and I am 6.3.
I know for a fact it isn't that :p
You wished for a *hot* wife and now you have one. Be careful with what you wish next time.
She's only 24, but that could be the case, better circulation.
Weird.   I have nothing.
Kind of like the old joke?

A man with a crippled hand looked up to heaven and said 'lord...please make my hand like the other one............NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO'

It's better if you can make a crippled looking hand and then as you yell no 'cripple' your other hand.
High metabolism?
I also get extremely hot at times, when I am in bed alone (sadly, most of the time) in the summer I will tape the end of a sheet to the edge of a fan, and then tuck the sheet in to the sides of the bed, and it will balloon up like a... balloon, with nice cool air, very refreshing. I usually turn it off it the middle of the night because it will get too cold. I should note I don't have A/C.

Sometimes though, I will just have the fan blow across the bottom end of the bed, and across my feet only, it cools off the rest of my body nicely.
Has she been tested for it?
Yes
This can cause body heat? She is smaller than me, but she does eat more often and regularly than me, I lived the single poor life for a long time and my metabolism slowed to near halt.

We are however, both a healthy weight.
I think some people just are comfortable at slightly different temperatures.  My girlfriend is always cold, and I'm too warm most of the time.  She says that I'm always warm similar to what you said about your wife.  Maybe some people are just like that.
Yes, but WHY?
Your welcome.
Definitly, she "burns" through all the calories faster than you do.
[deleted]
I'm short, my girl is taller. She doesn't do much sport, I kind of go running 1 hour 3 times a week.

She's cold as ice.
My guess it's sports or diet.
Also, your tension could have something to do.
There are a number of contributing factors.

One big one is body temperature.  98.6 F sounds really precise, but it is actually an average.  Real body temperature can vary 2-3 degrees either way, from person to person.  Body temperature also varies with time of day and activity level.

Body size and type also contribute.  Larger size means lower surface area to volume ratio, making it harder to dissipate heat.  Fat is a better insulator that muscle, so the more fat you have, the hotter you will be.

Circulation is another contributor.  Having good circulation, and blood vessels closer to the surface improves heat dissipation.

So the short answer is...people are different.  :)
Yes, absolutely. Humans have an entire type of tissue, brown fat, devoted to non-shivering thermogenesis--ie. generating body heat without shivering. Similarly, other tissues can convert food calories into heat. So if your wife has a more active metabolism than you, it's very likely that some of those extra calories she burns are ending up as heat.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown_adipose_tissue

Summary:
Maybe some people are just like that.
She might have better circulation than you.
I'm not sure how old she is.
I am constantly hot, and she is always freezing.
She's short and not really thin at all, not fat but not thin.
So if your wife has a more active metabolism than you, it's very likely that some of those extra calories she burns are ending up as heat.
