Original Response:
You know, in case of a disaster or a generation ship.
A population will always have genetic defects. They arise naturally through genetic mutations and influence evolution.
You are right, I meant things that would be harmful for our survival.
The lowest we've been is about 10,000, so let's take that as the upper bound.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toba_catastrophe_theory#Genetic_bottleneck_theory
You mean like genetic defects?
Incest does not insure that there will be genetic defects. It just drrastically increases the odds.
Hmmmm... a stadium worth of people, that would fir the generation ship perfectly. Thanks
You're either writing science fiction or are part of a secret government organization devising an escape plan for when the asteroid hits.
Or writing science fiction to convince the government to devise an escape plan for when the asteroid hits! I am sorry, but now I have to kill you.
At least that's what my cousin told me before our wedding.
[deleted]
I don't usually do this, but the word you wanted is "ensure".
No, the minimum population size is in the hundreds at least. Could be thousands.
Impossible to say, without information on the environment these humans would be facing.  Difficulty of survival, not genetics, is probably the dominant variable here.

An extremely hostile environment, like a nuclear war, 6 billion might not be enough, despite all the genetic diversity in the world.

An extremely forgiving environment, even the most inbred clan might survive long enough to mutate their way to genetic diversity.
As well, it also depends on the amount of deleterious alleles within the population in question. If there's two billion people, but they all have the same recessive deleterious gene, well then, they're probably fucked.

In other words, a good amount of genetic diversity within a population would allow it to be smaller, whereas a low genetically diverse population would need to be larger.
And that adds yet another variable to the original question.

Which was kind of my point, there is no way to come up with a nice clean number the OP wanted, without examining a lot of underlying variables.
And that adds yet another variable to the original question.

Which was kind of my point, there is no way to come up with a nice clean number the OP wanted, without examining a lot of underlying variables.
Yeah, I was agreeing with you +)
Well I was *double* agreeing with you, so there! :)

Summary:
You mean like genetic defects?
And that adds yet another variable to the original question.
Difficulty of survival, not genetics, is probably the dominant variable here.
