Original Response:
So, let me start off by saying I think Evolution is much more logical than 2 people being made from dust by an invisible man in the sky. Now, the reason I bring this question up is because we are learning about Evolution in my science class. My teacher said that she doesn't believe in Evolution but she believes in adaptation. She said her reason behind it is because why is there still apes if Darwin said that they evolved because they needed to survive. I couldn't answer it because I honestly do not know the answer. So, I was thinking Reddit could answer it.
Because modern humans and modern apes share a common ancestor.  We didn't evolve directly from chimpanzees.  Rather, humans and chimps diverged relatively recently, and so they are the most genetically similar species.
&gt;She said her reason behind it is because why is there still apes if Darwin said that they evolved because they needed to survive. 

This is a frightening thing for a science teacher to say. I strongly encourage you to check out [this site](http://evolution.berkeley.edu/evolibrary/article/evo_01) to get a better introduction to evolution. Note that they also have a general [resource library](http://evolution.berkeley.edu/evolibrary/resourcelibrary.php) and a section on [teaching materials](http://evolution.berkeley.edu/evolibrary/teach/index.php) you might be interested in. This last one, importantly, includes a link that addresses [common misconceptions about evolution](http://evolution.berkeley.edu/evolibrary./misconceptions_faq.php).
Why is that person even teaching science I wonder, and what is their training like.
If you want to respond with sarcasm, you could say, "If children are born from their parents, why do they still have brothers and sister?"

Apes aren't our ancestors.
slightly more accurately: they're distant cousins. Your grandparents had kids, and their kids had kids (your generation). Both lines survive and live at present. So great grand parents. they have kids that have kids that have kids and now there are cousins of yours that share great grandparents but not grandparents. And so on and so forth back so many generations. At some point that great^nth - grand parent is common both to you and to the chimpanzees, but is itself neither human nor chimpanzee any more than you are your cousin.
I wasn't being accurate, but rather snarky. :)
sure but the snark isn't so far from the truth (as the best snark often is)
Your teacher needs to be fired.

That being said, I know it's tempting to call her out on her incompetence and bullshit, but as you're both her student and a student in the school that thinks she's fit to be a science teacher, I'd resist that temptation.  You have no power.

*That* being said, you'll most likely find qualified and knowledgeable people in college, so just hold out until then, I guess.  :(
I hope to god this isn't at a public school.
It very well could be. 

I mean, whether OP's school is or not, there are *a lot* of public schools, especially in the deep south, with biology teachers who deny evolution.
[deleted]
Lots of good replies on this thread. I think the key is to realize that at one time there were many groups of chimp-human last common ancestor (CHLCA) scattered over a wide area; they weren't all in just one place. Different areas had different environments, so each group evolved in a different direction. Genes that resulted in fitness for the CHLCA's in one group would have been bad for another group, because each group had to deal with a different environment. So over time, some of the environments produced unique species. One of these was an ancestor of humans, another was an ancestor of modern chimps.
In addition to what others have said, [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/m58yv/evolutionary_hybrids/c2y8f1u) previous response of mine to a similar question may be useful to you.
If Americans came from Europe, why are there still Europeans?

If Christians came from Jews, why are there still Jews.

This is a tired old chestnut evolution deniers like to lob.  Your teacher at best is stupid, as worst knows it is a crock and is just trying to mislead you.

Modern humans and apes evolved from a primitive ape ancestor, which was different from modern apes.
An important point I don't think I've seen in this thread yet: As far as "evolved" is concerned, humans and modern day apes are just as evolved as each other.

Many people like to say that humans are more "evolved" than apes, but that's not true. To say that humans are more "evolved" implies that evolution has a direction, which it does not. Since mutations occur at a pretty constant rate in organismal genomes and evolution is simply a sum of these mutations in a population over time, modern day apes are just as evolved as humans.
If evolution is true, why are their still grandparents?
Your teacher's hypothesis would make sense if we had fossils of modern-day apes millions of years ago. But the apes that exist today weren't alive back then.

There was a species known as the CHLCA (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chimpanzee-human_last_common_ancestor) that once existed (probably about 7 million years ago) that got separated into different regions. These different regions had different environments, making it necessary for the CHLCAs in different regions to evolve in different ways.

For example, one CHLCA might be in an area with many trees with fruits. To get food easier, this CHLCA would have to get better at climbing. Another CHLCA might be in an area where he had to hunt on the ground.

Over millions of years, the animals in different regions were no longer CHLCAs. They became more and more similar to the animals that we see today. The CHLCA was the ancestor of these different types of animals.

TL;DR: We did not come from apes. About 7 million years ago, there was a species that eventually became different kinds of species by means of evolution.
it is
Cool analogies...
I'm truly frightened that someone allowed to teach science could say something that ridiculous...

The other point I haven't read in this thread is that your teacher isn't considering that being an Ape still works out really well for apes. Who would eat the fruit and baby monkeys and nuts and things?
There are polar bears and brown bears. When you say 'adapted' adapted to what? Polar bears are better suited to their environment and brown bears are better suited to theirs. Neither is *better* than the other.

Evolution does not go towards some idealized perfection. It just results in animals better suited to their environments coming about.
You didn't answer the question.
Throw a few mutations in there and you have down.

Edit: and a few selection events, too.
If Christianity is true, then why are there still Jews?

Summary:
Many people like to say that humans are more "evolved" than apes, but that's not true.
If evolution is true, why are their still grandparents?
Modern humans and apes evolved from a primitive ape ancestor, which was different from modern apes.
Polar bears are better suited to their environment and brown bears are better suited to theirs.
To say that humans are more "evolved" implies that evolution has a direction, which it does not.
This is a frightening thing for a science teacher to say.
The CHLCA was the ancestor of these different types of animals.
So, I was thinking Reddit could answer it.
