Original Response:
If necessary for clarification: I am male, early twenties, and in the "healthy" body weight category but with little muscle mass.

I, as I feel many others, what with New Years and all that jazz, am revamping a journey to lose weight. I understand that dieting is the best way to lose weight and that exercise is mostly supplemental.

I have heard from r/loseit and r/fitness that the best exercises are cardiovascular because they raise your heart rate; but according to some things I have read on those reddits, increasing muscle mass also increases the amount of calories (kilo-calories) one burns when they are not active. I am assuming that this is because maintaining muscles improves one's metabolism.

Firstly, will increasing muscle mass make losing body fat (weight) easier?

Secondly, I am confused about testosterone's role in this. Some things, such as this past summer's "7-Day no Fap Challenge" claim that raising testosterone levels make gaining muscle mass easier, whereas others claim that gaining muscle mass increases testosterone. Since I have heard both, I am guessing that both are somewhat true and that there is a correlation between muscles and testosterone; that is to say, the two go hand in hand...?

Finally, many people say that increased testosterone leads to increased aggression; is this claim true? I haven't noticed any change except for at the very start of my exercise routine two months ago; now I seem to be as I always have been.
&gt;Firstly, will increasing muscle mass make losing body fat (weight) easier?

Muscles need up-keep to just exist, so yeah they increase your basal metabolic rate.  But the metabolic increase from adding muscle mass isn't drastic.  It exists, though.

&gt;Since I have heard both, I am guessing that both are somewhat true and that there is a correlation between muscles and testosterone; that is to say, the two go hand in hand...?

Testosterone is an anabolic steroid.  All those steroids you see professional sports dude use? They're testosterone or testosterone-derivatives.  Testosterone helps you build muscle.  Muscles do not increase testosterone, afaik.  Luteinizing hormone from your pituitary gland makes your balls make testosterone, and DHEA from your adrenal glands can be turned into testosterone. 

DHEA isn't regulated atm btw, you can just go out and buy the stuff at a local pharmacy. 

&gt;Finally, many people say that increased testosterone leads to increased aggression; is this claim true?

Human males have increased testosterone over human females and tend to engage in more risky and violent behavior.  Though, you know, confounding factors from culture and all that.  But this seems to hold true for almost every culture, so yeah. 

Does artificially increasing testosterone levels make you more aggressive?  Well that's the whole idea behind[ roid rage](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roid_rage#Aggression_and_hypomania).  And there's no conclusive evidence roid rage exists.
A follow-up question: what produces testosterone in females? Is it the ovaries?
&gt; I have heard from r/loseit and r/fitness that the best exercises are cardiovascular because they raise your heart rate

You almost certainly heard that from r/loseit, if anywhere. r/fitness espouses a balance between low intensity cardio and high intensity weightlifting, since most scientific studies show that both have health benefits that the other does not. It would seem with the evidence we currently have that doing both is optimal.

My suggestion would be for you to spend a bit more time reading the sidebar and lurking on r/fitness, as you don't seem to have grasped the fundamentals quite yet and are making erroneous claims.
Thanks for your insight!
Yeah, they produce some along with the adrenal gland.

Summary:
Muscles do not increase testosterone, afaik.
Firstly, will increasing muscle mass make losing body fat (weight) easier?
&gt;Firstly, will increasing muscle mass make losing body fat (weight) easier?
