Original Response:
I am having a debate on /r/debateanatheist where I claimed that if there were a 7th layer of the atmosphere composed of water or ice that it would repel the magnetism of the super magnet that is the Earth, and that it would double the pressure on the Earth from the Meissner Effect it would cause.  He wants a physicist to confirm that the diamagnetism of a hydrosphere would, in fact, significantly repel the magnetism of the Earth, rather than having an insignificant effect.
not sure why this isn't showing up on the 'new' feed on /r/askscience??
Am I missing something, here? Isn't the fact that people have travelled through the entirety of the atmosphere and returned, without hitting a shell of ice, enough evidence? Not to mention the obvious optical effects...
It is.
Explaining as clearly as possible, what is the situation you're trying to describe? It sounds like you're talking about some eggshell-style layer of ice around the earth, but I have a hard time believing that's what you're actually saying.
The Earth is a super magnet.  Curving water surfaces are diamagnetic.  If the Earth were surrounded by water in the atmosphere, would the water repel the magnetism of the Earth? and if so, how much would the Earth's atmospheric pressure increase from the ensuing Meissner Effect?
Yeah, you're missing the part that this is a hypothetical question, and I don't actually think that there is a layer of water in the atmosphere.  I'm wanting to know what effects the diamagnetism of a curving water surface surrounding the Earth would have on the Earth's magnetic field and the atmospheric pressure of the Earth..
The effect on the Earth's magnetic field would be pretty minimal. Water's just not very diamagnetic, in an absolute sense. I don't see why there'd be any measurable effect on the atmospheric pressure, at least due to the magnetic properties of the shell. The atmospheric pressure is created by the weight of the atmosphere, not by the Earth's magnetic field.

The curvature or not of the water doesn't make any difference to the diamagnetic property. Diamagnetism is an intrinsic property of the atoms in the water. 

You mentioned the Meissner effect in your original question. The Meissner effect doesn't apply here since neither the Earth, nor the atmosphere, nor the hypothetical water shell is a superconductor.

Whatever tiny effect there would be, it'd be most noticeable near the poles, since the magnetic field is more intense there. Maybe someone will chime in with numbers, but the diamagnetic effect is *tiny* in most materials. If you wanted sufficient repulsive force to double the atmospheric pressure, you'd need a magnetic field billions of times stronger than the earth's magnetic field.
&gt;I don't see why there'd be any measurable effect on the atmospheric pressure, at least due to the magnetic properties of the shell. The atmospheric pressure is created by the weight of the atmosphere, not by the Earth's magnetic field.

Could you see any reason other than the magnetic properties of the shell that would increase the pressure on Earth?  You mentioned the weight of the atmosphere.  Would the weight of a fairly thick layer of water in the atmosphere significantly increase pressure?
Sure, the weight of the water COULD increase the pressure of the atmosphere, by anywhere up to the thickness of the layer. To determine whether it WOULD, though, we need to know how the water manages to stay up there.
Well, I'm not a scientist, but I've been trying to figure out how it could stay up there with my limited resources.  Before I can tell you how the water could stay up there, I have another question that needs to be answered... If I have a hunk of super frozen ice that I run an electric current through, does the hunk of ice become a superconductor capable of producing a meissner effect on a weak magnet?

Summary:
The Earth is a super magnet.
If the Earth were surrounded by water in the atmosphere, would the water repel the magnetism of the Earth?
Could you see any reason other than the magnetic properties of the shell that would increase the pressure on Earth?
