Original Response:
There has been talk for a long time about establishing a colony on other planets by creating an atmosphere that we could breath. If we decided to do so on something like a platform in space, how big would we need to make it to have breathable air? What are some major issues we would have with such a concept?
It wouldnt need to be that big, they create a breathable atmosphere in the space station at all times, major problems would be scale, the bigger the ship the bigger the air cleaning systems would have to be
He means an atmosphere *around* an object, not *inside* a hollow one.

I'm not sure on the requirement of gravity, but I do know that it depends on location as well - Titan has a heavy atmosphere, but Mercury, which has a much higher mass, hardly has any atmosphere because it's closer to the Sun. The closer your object is to the sun, the heavier it will have to be to counteract the solar wind.
Solar wind has no effect on atmo it never touches it, the magnetic fields shield it, which is something you would have to create as well if you wamt to live on something as opposed to in it. Gravity also has a role here, the amount of atmosphere an object can maintain depends on its gravity. More gravity meams you can hold onto the gasses preventing them from venting into space, so creating a man made object to hold atmosphere (with out artificial gravity or other gas retention system) woukd require building a ship either as large as, or as dense as, a planet, for example if you could create and contain a black hole with proprtionately the same gravitational pull as a planet and keep it in the cemter of a ship, then flood the area around the ship with carbon dioxide  and other heavy atmospheris gasses you could pull it off
Solar wind *does* have an effect on atmospheres. Mars's atmosphere has been stripped away over the years, by solar wind. Same with Mercury. A magnetic field would help tons, but that isn't what OP asked - he only mentioned size. Your black hole theory would be incredibly difficult to pull off. You would have to feed the black hole to stop it from evaporating, not to mention the incredible difficulties in having an actual fucking black hole in your space ship.
Not to mention how incredibly impossible it would be to build a ship large enough to generate the proper gravity needed to contain an atmosphere, youd need to strip like, 3 metal ore rich planets completely to produce enought material to build one. by comparisson my black hole theory is equally probable.
The black hole would need to be equally massive to hold on to the same atmosphere. Plus, your spaceship would need to be either an enormous spherical metal shell, which would start drifting around, or extremely resistant to tidal forces.
You could create a spherical ship and control it with out a problem, and the black hole would not need to be as massive due to its density it creates far more gravity than its physical size gives it credit for. The bottom line being it would be next to impossible regardless of the direction you choose, but those would be the relative concepts.
If you have a sphere around a black hole, the net force on the sphere from the black hole is zero. The sphere will then start drifting, causing it to be ripped apart by the hole.
To consider the use of a backhole one must also consider that the civilization using has developed the technology to do this through quantum magnetic suspension or something similar
Most black holes aren't charges so magnetic suspension would be impossible.
Regardless of polarity or lack there of, see Einstein Shift, the fact that it is impossible is irrelevant, because doing it would be impossible regardless of the method, its doubtful a vessel could be created that could with stand the constant pressure of its own gravity, especially considering a ship would have to be many many many times larger than, for example, the earth because it would not have nearly the same density with hall ways and passages and such through out its body. They only way to make a ship with high enough of a gravitational footprint to hold an atmosphere would be to implement artificially generated gravity vastly greater than it would generate on its own, regardless of the method, a contained small black hole would give the proper effect and results, if such a thing could exist. As for the net force on the containment sphere being zero, I do not know now you figure that because the gravity of the black hole pulling in from all directions would suspend the sphere around it, now the real problem would be moving the black hole, considering its "weight" when you turn the engines on, given that the ship is attached to the containment sphere, nothing would happen you would lock in position around the black hole. The sphere would be suspended around the black hole but would not have enough mass to influence its movement. So the net force of the sphere being zero I can see but the black hole would exert great force on the sphere, bottom line, black hole method, impossible, ship large enough to generate the proper gravity, impossible, only containment through some sort of every barrier like a welder's plasma window would be viable to contain atmosphere.

Summary:
The black hole would need to be equally massive to hold on to the same atmosphere.
Solar wind *does* have an effect on atmospheres.
If you have a sphere around a black hole, the net force on the sphere from the black hole is zero.
