Original Response:
Essentially yes, but as with anything in science, the full answer is [a little more complicated](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teosinte#Origin_of_maize_and_interaction_with_teosintes) and [still under debate](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maize#Origin)
To expand a bit...

Often with speciation there isn't "clean break" between the two species that originated from a progenitor species. 

Think of it as two populations isolated for some reason which occasionally meet up now and again and cross genes for a brief period. So while Zea mays mays and Zea mays parviglumis are considered separate sub-species because they have diverged enough morphologically, they are still genetically similar enough to hybridize with each other. This is beneficial because traits can move between the populations and improve diversity. However all this causes the phylogenetic history of the two sub-species to be a bit more complex than just a simple tree.  

As gullible_skeptic says, Tripsacum was once considered the most likely candidate for the progenitor of maize, however after genetic testing became available, it was entirely ruled out.

So the thing to remember here is that modern Teosintes and modern maize all came from a recent common ancestor. That ancestor was likely very similar but not exactly the same Zea mays parviglumis. Since the divergence genetic material from maize, parviglumis and other members of the Zea genus have been moving around, introgressing and diverging from one another.
Was the domestication of maize a conscious process?  I'm reading "1491", and (assuming I'm understanding it correctly) maize, squash, and beans formed a natural ecosystem even before domestication of any of the three.  I've always thought that the "three sisters" method ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Sisters_%28agriculture%29) was something created by farmers, but apparently not?   

I could see an ancient hunter-gatherer tending naturally occurring fields of the three wild plants, and over time she gets rid of small or stunted teosinte and saves the nice looking maize.
&gt;Was the domestication of maize a conscious process? 

There is a difference between domestication and crop improvement. Domestication occurs in the first 50 or so generations after being in the wild. Improvement is subsequent genetic changes to increase its beneficial traits.

My opinion is that domestication was an unconscious result of eating the local fauna, but improvement was conscious and ongoing since its identification as a beneficial plant.  

&gt;maize, squash, and beans formed a natural ecosystem.

If by 1491 you mean the book takes place in 1491, then no it wouldn't be a fully natural ecosystem. 

The three sisters is an exploitation of diversity to increase farm yield. By farming the three together it diversifies the types of pests, and makes it so no one gains the overwhelming advantage. So while having the three types of plants certainly is a beneficial ecosystem it isn't a natural one. That is to say, it would not be found in the wild and the crops themselves would be incapable of propagating themselves in the wild without big morphological changes. All three of those example crops are heavily domesticated/improved, to the point of being detrimental to the plants wild fitness. 

Corn for example simply cannot survive in the wild. The kernels are to closely packed and literally strangle each other after germination.
1491:  http://www.amazon.com/1491-Revelations-Americas-Before-Columbus/dp/140004006X  

It's a pop-history book like "Guns Germs and Steel".  Sorry if that wasn't clear!
Sounds interesting, I'll have to add that to my audible wishlist.
Haha, it was because I remembered reading about this from GG&amp;S that I clicked on this question. Good thing someone else came along, I would have just been repeating stuff you've probably already read!

PS: If you want to mess with an anthropologist, just start talking about what an amazing and insightful guy Diamond is; drove my co-worker nuts =P
For what it's worth, 'The Omnivore's Dilemma' makes the same claim.

Summary:
So while having the three types of plants certainly is a beneficial ecosystem it isn't a natural one.
Was the domestication of maize a conscious process?
&gt;Was the domestication of maize a conscious process?
