Original Response:
Ok, here's the story. I went with my girlfriend to a rave. I'm not a very social person but after a few beers I was having a good time. Anyway, it's been a long time since I've taken any drugs but I figured I'd let loose and find some for new years eve. I asked a guy if he had any pills and he said he had just one, I bought it from him. I should have taken a closer look at the pill but I can tell you that it was quite small, small enough that I should have suspected it was no normal party drug, and it was pink. Anyway, for a while I felt normal, then after about a half an hour to 45 minutes I started feeling sleepy. Then 10 minutes after that I started feeling weird and told my girlfriend that we should head home because I was frightened and I had figured out that what I took was not what I thought it was. On the way home, I felt kind of alright, just weird, but a half hour later (it was an hour drive) my vision started distorting, and my arms felt sort of.... detached. I wouldn't say they felt numb, but it was almost like they weren't even there, even though I could move them just fine. Reality at that point felt kind of funny, almost inconsequential. The weird part is that I didn't feel sick, or even bad, but I also didn't feel GOOD, like most "party drugs" are supposed to make you feel. When I got home I realized my pupils were very dilated, and I had a sort of detachment from reality, but I still acted pretty alright. I wasn't going nuts or doing anything crazy, I was just  a bit worried. The world started distorting, things I looked at would sort of shiver, just small but totally encompassing hallucinations. I didn't stay up that late, and I was able to go to sleep, which makes me doubt if it was methamphetamine. So yeah, if there's any other information I can give, and if any of you with any medical knowledge can help, it would be greatly appreciated. Let me know. I would really like to find out what I put in my system.

Summary:
I went with my girlfriend to a rave.
