Original Response:
[This ABC story](http://abcnews.go.com/WN/bp-oil-spill-crude-mother-nature-breaks-slick/story?id=11254252) surfaced yesterday, and today I've noticed a lot of right wingers latching on to it as proof that Obama is the devil or something (just check out the comments), and that major oil spills are no big deal.


Now I assume that less oil coming up to the surface currently is probably a good thing and means that their newest cap is working really well, but the idea that "mother nature" is breaking down the oil spill right before our eyes seems absurd to me.


I also assume the majority of the oil that leaked stayed below the surface, but why? Is it because of the dispersants pumped in to it?
Gallons of water in Gulf of Mexico: 6.4 * 10^17 gallons

Gallons of oil spilled into Gulf of Mexico: 1.8 * 10^8 gallons

Change to Gulf of Mexico as a percentage: 0.00000003%
The density of this crude is roughly equal to the seawater in the Gulf, so there's very little buoyancy. If it can stay suspended as dispersion in the water it would help to break it down quickly. If it's at the bottom it's bad news to benthic sealife.

Whatever happens, the ecological impact is going to be nasty enough. How nasty, only time will show.
&gt; but the idea that "mother nature" is breaking down the oil spill right before our eyes seems absurd to me.

There are actually naturally occurring bacteria in water everywhere that can eat up and break down crude oil. Unfortunately they're not as fast at it as we'd probably like.

I remember reading somewhere that the idea behind using dispersants was that it would provide a bigger surface for the bacteria to latch onto, and therefore promote more rapid growth and breakdown of the oil.
Chemically speaking, there is no such thing as crude oil.  

It is a heterogeneous mixture of a number of chemical components, and this mixture varies rom well to well.

Some components dissolve readily in water.  Some evaporate easily.  Some are readily processed by the ecosystem.  And a lot are not.

So if you wanted to by disingenuous, you could say something like "45% of the oil has already been broken down naturally".  While it may be technically true (I don't know, I made it up), but only because that was the easy stuff to break down and/or disperse.  The implication that it will continue to break down at the same rate is highly misleading.

The real problem is concentration.  The Gulf is really big, and once dispersed, the remnants will barely be detectable.  Unfortunately, the current is lumping lot of them together then dumping them onshore.  This might represent less than 1% of the original oil volume, but is still a massive environmental issue.
[Turns out it's pretty much just lies that the mainstream media is happy to go along with.](http://motherjones.com/rights-stuff/2010/07/mainstream-media-helps-bp-pretend-theres-no-oil)
[deleted]

Summary:
&gt; but the idea that "mother nature" is breaking down the oil spill right before our eyes seems absurd to me.
Chemically speaking, there is no such thing as crude oil.
I also assume the majority of the oil that leaked stayed below the surface, but why?
