Original Response:
So, while I was asking some questions in /r/atheism, [one redditor passed me a video](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/o4g87/serious_questions/c3ea50z) describing the logic that enables us to view the universe as being in a net zero energy state (did I get that right?).

I am doing my best to build my understanding based on various sources here, so please be patient with me. This is what I understand so far:

a) This particular universe had a beginning

b) Most of the universe is empty space

c) This empty space ends up still containing mass (somehow)

d) Within this empty space, virtual particles will produce particles that come in and out of existence.

e) It is part of this property that allows us to equate "the left hand = the right hand" and get a net zero universe (or a universe that can come from "nothing")

f) These virtual particles are actually 1-dimensional oscillating lines ("strings") that vibrate and the way they vibrate gives the elementrary particles in the universe their own particlar "flavour" or property.

g) If these strings exist within 9 spacial dimensions, then we can account for each of the physical elements in the known universe

h) If there are an infinite amount of universes that can come into existance (I imagine spawned from these single dimension strings), then a universe like ours with our particular physical properties would, with most certainty, eventually happen that would lead to a cosmic evolution allowing us to eventually contemplate our own surroundings and ask questions like "why".

Do I have it right so far? If not, can someone please correct me. If I do have the basic understanding so far, I have these questions:

1) Is it theoretically possible to scientifically test for 9 (or whatever necessary) dimensions?

2) Is it theoretically possible to scientifically test for other universes?

3) Are there any other scientifically accepted but opposing possible explainations for the origin of our universe?


Thank you!

Summary:
Do I have it right so far?
