Original Response:
Some viruses, like the influenza virus or the rhinovirus, infect you for a few days (if not a few weeks). Then there are other viruses that cause a persistent infection, like HIV, Herpes and Hep. Is there a reason why this happens? Are our bodies better adapted to fighting certain viruses than others? Are some viruses significantly slower in replication than others? Or does it have to do with bacterial structure (DNA vs RNA, ss vs ds,...)? Or a combination of the above?
One mechanism is that some viruses can establish a [latent infection](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virus_latency) in some cells. For example, Herpes Simplex establishes a latent infection of certain nerve cells. A latent infection is one where the infection becomes essentially inactive in all ways, but can reactivate at a later time and start producing viruses again.

There are other ways a chronic infection can occur.
The latent virus produces proteins that make the infected cell invisible to our immune system.
Romulan cloaking device.
Would an antiviral like Draco remove these buggers?
Our immune system can fight some viruses really well. These viruses (like a cold) still survive very well by spreading quickly from person to person and by mutating. 

Other viruses are smarter at evading our immune system. 

For a virus, it can also be a smart way if you don't make your host ill. If you make your host ill and kill it, you'll die, too. Not a very succesfull survival strategy for the virus.
Our bodies take in whole proteins and break them up, these smaller fragments can interact with the billions of antibodies we have in our blood till one fits it.  A signal will go off, saying this is the antibody of choice, and that clone of the antibody will proliferate.  We have now set up a mechanism for having "Readied" defenses against an organism/virus.  With certain infectious agents, they are so small or unsuitable for processing, that our body does not readily make antibodies against them.
Virus and Bacteria rapidly divide and produce new offspring.  They share dna (plasmids), they use our own lipid bi-layers to evade our defenses, or they live inside our cells to again evade our defenses.  There are multiple ways they evade getting attacked.
HIV - is rather unique in that it uses reverse enzymes to do the job that is typically done by a "forward" enzyme.  The interesting part is that this process is much more prone to mutation.  Therefore, HIV is particularly good at mutating and having one of its offspring capable of evading therapy.

Summary:
Other viruses are smarter at evading our immune system.
The latent virus produces proteins that make the infected cell invisible to our immune system.
One mechanism is that some viruses can establish a [latent infection](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virus_latency) in some cells.
