Original Response:
Does it actually numb pain or allow you to ignore it?
[deleted]
Alcohol has several targets, but in the context of what you're asking, it's a sedative, not an analgesic. The difference between these two terms may seem like semantics, but it's actually quite important in understanding their mechanisms. An analgesic actually prevents the neuron from sending its action potential signal down its axon, and thus prevents the sensation of pain, and other sensations such as touch, heat, etc. The level of sensory block correlates with the dosage of the analgesic. An example of an analgesic would be lidocaine, which you may have had during a dental procedure.

Ethanol, on the other hand, has sedative properties, in that it can induce calmness or sleepiness and anterograde amnesia (such that you will not remember what happened since the administration of the drug). However patients under any sedative (ethanol included) will report feeling pain, although will generally not react to it or have any memory of it. So in a sense they are ignoring it, but a more accurate description would be that they have no impetus to respond to the pain.
Presence of amnesia would seem to be entirely dependent upon the amount of alcohol imbibed.  I guess I'm thinking of a lower dose, say, around 2-3 drinks.

Do opiates function similarly to alcohol?
Opioids (as opposed to opiates, which just mean derived from the poppy plant which include some opioid compounds and some that are not; semantics, I know, but these things are important) are interesting, in that they work on opioid receptors that dramatically enhance GABA action. They have both analgesic and sedative effect, and the overall result is both limiting the perception of pain (analgesia), as well as the impetus to do something about it (sedation). 

And you're right to say that the amount of alcohol imbibed determines when there's anterograde amnesia- I should have mentioned I was speaking in a general sense about typical sedatives like ethanol.

Summary:
Alcohol has several targets, but in the context of what you're asking, it's a sedative, not an analgesic.
