Original Response:
I'm no expert but I'd guess it's an artefact of how their brains evolved, evolutionary baggage is difficult to shake off.
I was also discussing this with a friend when we read the article and we came to the same conclusion.
One eye sees in three dimensions.  You can't *not* see in three dimensions.  Depth perception isn't as good as compared to two eyes, but that by no means makes it two dimensional.
Uhh.... don't most birds have monocular vision? IIRC what depth cues they have come from motion parallax; head bobbing.
That doesn't make sense. Asymmetries like this need a better explanation than "it's good enough to be on one side."
I disagree, I feel having this ability in one eye would be just as useful as two, and there is no reason it needs to be in both then. The effect from a magnetic field is not one that need depth perception, seeing it in 2-D would work fine. It is not that, 'it's good enough to be on one side' it is that it isn't needed on both. It just doesn't make sense to me for investing the energy and space needed for this in both eyes, when I don't see why it would help
My point is not "two is better than one", but rather "asymmetries are rare and need explanation". (More genetic info is needed to produce them.)

One explanation that *would* make some sense is that with one unaffected eye they could detect gradients that would otherwise be confusing. That almost certainly requires more experiments, however.
I think a better way of putting it is there is not evolutionary advantage to having more than one sense receptor.

Multiple receptors are only useful if each on provides slightly different information based on its location.  Two eyes can increase field of view, or give depth perception.  Two ears or nostrils can give directional information.

My guess is that magnetic fields are so weak and span such a large area, having two receptors on your body doesn't get you anything, apart from a little redundancy.  One is cheaper, and that is what evolution selected.

Summary:
One eye sees in three dimensions.
It is not that, 'it's good enough to be on one side' it is that it isn't needed on both.
