Original Response:
Or would the body instinctively know it was not stationary?
Yes, he would feel centripetal forces pulling him apart with a strength dependent on the rate of his spin. Test this for yourself by standing up and spinning around real fast with your arms out. You will feel the blood rush to your hands and an outward force.
I reckon he would feel the acceleration when he went into the spin, but eventually, he input from the inner ear would get dampened out, as all constant stimulation does. 

As evidence, look at the Gemini 8 mission.  The Agena rocket to which the Gemini was docked had a constantly firing thruster, inducing a spin.  This was only noticed by Scott, who noted a drop in fuel.  So, I'd take it from that that, no, one doesn't necessarily notice the spin, and may even miss the acceleration in space due to other disorienting factors, like being in microgravity.
Actually, this reminds me of an interesting problem to which I forget the answer. If the astronaut were in some remote part of the universe, without anything to spin relative to, when is he spinning/not spinning, and with respect to what? He can't be spinning with respect to empty space, can he?
Each part of his body is experiencing a different acceleration dependent on the radius to the center of spin. Each part thus is in a non-inertial reference frame with respect to some fixed axis at the center. 

On the contrary, travelling in a straight line with a fixed velocity is an inertial reference frame, thus without something else to compare to you would not know you are moving.
Spin around like I suggested above, you will feel it beyond your inner ear. I am guessing the gemini did not spin fast enough to push much blood around.
Will you bring your answer over to ELI5?
Well, according to Scott's account, by the time that they realized what was happening, they were already entering GLOC and experiencing blurred vision.  On the ground, the surgeon evidently gave a warning, too, when he learned they were approaching one revolution per second.

Don't know if that helps, but it appears as though they were getting into very dangerous terrain and not fully aware of it until it was already on them.
Supposing that the astronaut was in deep space, with no visible distant stars or galaxies for reference, he could still figure it out.  Even if wasn't sensitive enough to feel the blood rushing to his limbs.  All he'd have to do is let go of something small, let's say a peanut.  If he's really "not spinning", then the peanut will just float there, at rest, in front of him (in physics-speak: he'd know he's in an inertial reference frame, because Newton's laws of motion hold true).

If the astronaut is really spinning, the peanut will appear as if it's accelerating out of nowhere.  This is because the peanut wants to keep flying in a straight line (from a distant, non-spinning observer's point of view).  From the astronaut's point of view, the peanut would appear to fly out and curve away.
[deleted]
I'm not an expert, just an enthusiast, but this is much like [Newton's bucket](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bucket_argument).
[deleted]
While there is no way to answer whether an inertial frame of reference is moving at a constant velocity or whether everything else is moving relative to it, with a frame of reference that's accelerating (which includes rotating frames of reference), you can detect the acceleration. This is why you feel pushed/pulled to the side of your car when it turns, but when it's going in a straight line at a constant speed you can read a book, bounce a basketball, etc. without worrying about how fast you're going. Since the astronaut is rotating, he would feel as though he were being pulled outward. He could also detect his acceleration with a [simple accelerometer](http://www.chatzones.co.uk/discus/messages/1218/550.gif), which would swing outwards if he were rotating.
He would also be able to test if he were spinning or not by drawing his arms and legs into his chest - if he was spinning, he could feel the forces acting to conserve angular momentum.
To elaborate, you can't feel a constant velocity with no reference, but you can feel a constant acceleration (rotation is acceleration).
what if the universe were spinning around the person? why would he feel different?
[deleted]
Could you please explain why rotation is an acceleration? I'm not familiar with this. Thanks.
Why is rotation acceleration rather than velocity?
Think about this, at a very small point on your hand, after a very small distance travelled (this is known a differential element), the velocity is in a straight line. If that point on your hand were to suddenly disconnect, that point would fly off in a straight line direction. That's called tangential velocity. But since that point is connected to you, after it rotates some distance, its velocity is now pointing in a different direction. To change velocity, you need acceleration. And a constant rate of rotation is a constant acceleration.
Because velocity is a vector, and turning that vector is an acceleration even if the magnitude of the vector is the same. In order to rotate around a point, the velocity vectors for each point in your body must also turn.
Sure.

Hold a bucket with some water in it.  The water stays in the bucket, due to the acceleration of gravity.

Swing the bucket in a vertical circle. The water stays in the bucket, due to the acceleration of "centrifugal force". 

\- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWiVv--OTYA -
OK. Velocity is a vector. This means to define velocity you have to have a magnitude (like 55 mph) and a direction (due north). Acceleration is the change in either one of the components. This is why you can feel not only the change in speed in a car when you floor the gas, but you can also feel pushed when you make a turn, even at constant speed. 

Now for rotation specifically, imagine you have one of the clocks with a second hand that moves smoothly around the clock. When it's at 3, it's velocity is straight down. When it's at nine, it's straight up. Even though it's moving at the same speed (speed is just magnitude), it has accelerated since it's direction has changed.
That was really helpful. Thanks for spelling it out!

Summary:
why would he feel different?
To elaborate, you can't feel a constant velocity with no reference, but you can feel a constant acceleration (rotation is acceleration).
Since the astronaut is rotating, he would feel as though he were being pulled outward.
If the astronaut is really spinning, the peanut will appear as if it's accelerating out of nowhere.
Why is rotation acceleration rather than velocity?
To change velocity, you need acceleration.
