Original Response:
I just finished watching a documentary called Forks over Knives and it was about how having a diet consisting of purely fruits and vegetables results in having virtually 0 chance of developing heart diseases/cancers and yields a healthier, more energetic and happier lifestyle.

I know this is a huge debate but after all the research that has been put into this is there an actual answer to this or is this just one of those things that's always going to be a back-and-forth type deal like theism vs atheism?

Thanks in advance!
Check out the [health benefits and concerns](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vegetarianism#Health_benefits_and_concerns) section on the Wikipedia article. It basically says that yes, for one reason or another vegetarians are, on average, a great deal healthier than meat eaters. Vegetarians are also reported to have a lower mortality rate (they live longer, on average). The results are similar with veganism.

Pretty much all "happiness" evidence will be anecdotal. The only other comment is that, yes there are concerns with a vegetarian diet - like not getting enough protein or iron - but very many studies and nutritionists agree that if your diet is balanced (even if it's meat-free), you're going to get all the nutrients you need.
I feel it is necessary to point out that by no means does this mean that by becoming a vegetarian you will live longer. There could be more benefit in eating only a small amount of lean meat along with vegetables that those statistics don't show.  
A portion of those statistics would include data from people that excessively eat meat (the sort of people who will eat fast food for more than three meals a week.)
The average vegan/vegetarian is healthier than the average omnivorous person. But this is often considered to be an artifact, and I know of no well-controlled studies that say vegan/vegetarian diets are healthier than *healthy* omnivore diets.

It boils down to the fact that vegan Twinkies don't sell very well.

Vegans watch what they eat, they have to in order to be vegans. The proportion of health and/or nutrition conscious people in the vegan community is higher than in the community at large. This means that if you survey the vegan community for health indices, they will be better off than the general population. But if you control out physical activity, dietary vigilance, etc, the difference goes away.  

IOW, people who watch what they eat are healthier than people that don't. All vegans watch what they eat. Most non-vegans don't. Therefore vegans are usually healthier than non-vegans.

Summary:
All vegans watch what they eat.
The results are similar with veganism.
