Original Response:
Being local to Waterloo and having attended several public lectures at the Perimiter Institute I thought I would check to see how well regarded PI is by physicists outside of the Waterloo region.  With Stephen Hawking recently taking a visiting chair at PI I figure it must be a well respected place, but looking to see what the panel here says.

Also bonus points if you work at PI and can share your experiences as to what it is like working there.

For those who do not know what I am talking about here's a link to their website:
http://www.perimeterinstitute.ca/

And the Wiki page about PI:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perimeter_Institute_for_Theoretical_Physics
Highly.

My only experience is when I was a prospective grad student at U of Waterloo and I walked over to the Perimeter institute and walked into the building and they wouldn't let me look around because I didn't have an appointment.
Very good, but I've heard working there means you're quite secluded from well.. everything non-physics. Not that that is a bad thing.
Thank you (sorry for the delayed response)

Have there been any real breakthroughs made by folks while working @ PI?
Not really, it's only been around for like ten years. They've made some improvements to various models of quantum gravity and quantum computing, but both of those are a ways away from their big breakthroughs.
Danke again

I've seen a couple of their quantum computer displays/ demos in the past.  Seems like they are an important centre of research for this field.  Here's hoping something pans out eventually
I forgot to add, they have some very distinguished physicists who have accomplished a lot before coming there, like Aharonov and Hawking.
Well, they send a limo to pick up grad students from McMaster when they're going for meetings so they're at least well funded...
That is what having a billionaire founding father will do for you I guess

Summary:
Not really, it's only been around for like ten years.
