Original Response:
Why do people forget the fact that if it was an egg that was here first. it would have no adult chicken to sit on it. and the new borns wouldn't have any one to feed them.
Are you familiar with evolution?  The egg came first (the  chicken had to hatch from something, after all).  However, there is no distinct point at which the red jungle fowl (the predecessor of the chicken) suddenly stopped producing red jungle fowl and started producing chickens.  It was a very gradual change over a long period of time.
Because the only correct response to the question is "This question is silly and any answer is meaningless". People don't like the idea that a question might not have a direct and accurate answer, so they have all sorts of fun debates about which of the nonsensical answers is *obviously* the right one.
&gt;(the chicken had to hatch from something, after all)
unless it was created by God.
Offspring was first secreted like any other non-egg animal, but as development took longer and longer it needed to be protected more and more as the development of an embryo into an animal that could survive on its own took place.

You got two options here; either do it inside the parent, or outside. Inside has a plethora of examples; see humans for example. The longer the development inside the parent, the less risk in the offspring dying before it had the chance to survive.

Outside is also an option, to give it protection, make the outer layers stronger and let it shed once it's no longer needed. Hence the development of egg shells. Since heat / a constant temperature surrounding helps in developing the embryo, some animals started putting it deeper and deeper in the ground (turtles come to mind) as they couldn't stick around for this development to take place. Others could stick around and ended up sitting on them (birds).

There was no 'first', a series of external factors caused selective pressure towards better protection of the offspring. Those who didn't improve this protection died more often, those who did survived more often, on average, resulting in a 'selection' of the fittest.

Summary:
The egg came first (the  chicken had to hatch from something, after all).
The longer the development inside the parent, the less risk in the offspring dying before it had the chance to survive.
