Original Response:
I dont know how to look up this information-. Any insight/opinions you guys can give me would be great. I have been researching (debunking as it turns out) Chiropractics and "Network Spinal Analysis." Many of these sites cite the Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine. I was going to just discredit this whole journal until I found out it is listed here which seems to indicate that official scientific channels recognize this journal. Is my conclusion correct? Is alternative medicine and vertebral subluxation considered "good science" now? Is there any place that has a list of discredited journals? Links are below
here are the missing links: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sites/entrez?Db=journals&amp;Cmd=ShowDetailView&amp;TermToSearch=20760

http://www.associationfornetworkcare.com/abstracts/
You should check out [Quackwatch's "Nonrecommended Periodicals" list](http://www.quackwatch.org/04ConsumerEducation/nonrecperiodicals.html) - you'll see the Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine under the "Journals (Fundamentally Flawed)" Heading. (Quackwatch also has some good information on [subluxations](http://www.quackwatch.org/01QuackeryRelatedTopics/chirosub.html).)
This is a horrible idea. You're looking for information with a preconception of what you want to find. You'll accept what you find which matches your preconceptions as evidence. You won't accept what doesn't match your preconceptions. If you go into this area with such a bias, you are doing so unscientifically.

That being said, why do you need someone else to discredit the journals for you. The journal of Alternative &amp; Complementary medicine is complete garbage. So dissect some of the articles yourself. Do so properly and you'll see why it's a poor journal.
I have read extensively about Chiropractics, though I would not claim to be an expert, I know enough to observe that when only two journals cyclically are cited through multiple "research" pages that something fishy is going on to begin with. My preconception was that I didnt know enough, my hypothesis after some reading was that Chiropractics was unfounded in the scientific realm. The reason why I need a more exacting way to discredit them is that many people believe that ANY citation is a good one, which you and I both disagree with. I should've clarified my point better earlier, I do strive for some neutrality when approaching a new subject, though all humans fail at that.
I hate that chiropractors are lumped in with "alternative medicine". Sure there may be some aspects or schools of chiropractory that may be a bit off, but I know from experience that a lot of what they do works wonders. My chiro is extremely knowledgeable about anatomy and the body and got me a great range of motion back after I broke my arm getting run over.
Have you had to go ever since?

Summary:
Many of these sites cite the Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine.
I dont know how to look up this information-.
