Original Response:
is there any real evidence for this idea? i know many very highly reputable physicists have proposed it as a possibility I just have never seen any evidence for it.
None yet.  But the theory has made testable predictions for what it should look like if another eternally-inflating bubble universe should look like if it collides with ours.  Most of these predictions have to do with looking at the structure of the cosmic microwave background, so these people are anxiously awaiting data being taken by the Planck telescope.

Edit: [Here](http://arxiv.org/abs/1012.1995) is a recent paper on the subject, where astrophysicists combed through the WMAP cosmic microwave background data looking for bubbles and didn't see any strong evidence for one.  But they talk briefly about their hopes for more sensitive data from Planck.
It is the product of a certain model of quantum mechanics.

No direct evidence has yet been observed for the concept.
It is a hypothesis, not a theory.
I'd clarify that there is no evidence that distinguishes Many Worlds from other modern interpretations, since all tests of QM so far have been evidence for all of them, since they all make similar predictions for a single observer. Though some (myself included) argue that Many Worlds contains fewer assumptions and is therefore more likely to be correct.
Yep, that sums it up. Basically, all the interpretations make the same predictions, so while certain explanations are more intuitive, the closest we can come is "we don't know."
there are a couple of things i'm very curious about.   based on the theory of an eternal inflation,  how can there be multiple universes if our universe is endless and constantly expanding?  also, theoretically, what would happen if two universes collided?  would there be some form of rapid collapse or expansion because of varying levels of dark energy?  i guess i'm just not grasping the concept of multiple (and possibly parallel) universes.  the whole idea seems pretty crazy to me.

Summary:
is there any real evidence for this idea?
No direct evidence has yet been observed for the concept.
