Original Response:
Assume you are travelling at almost the speed of light. If you turn on a flashlight would you then see the lightbeam move at a speed equal to the difference of your speed to lightspeed?
No, you see the light move at the speed of light.

The speed of light always measures the same in the same medium, regardless of the speed you are traveling relative to anything else, as long as you are not accelerating.

Also note there is really no such thing as traveling "at almost the speed of light".  That statement is incomplete without specifying what that speed is relative to.  For example, you probably consider yourself as standing still here on the surface of the earth, but obviously the earth is rotating very fast, it's moving around the sun, the sun is moving with respect to the milky way etc.  The point is that all these motions have so little acceleration that we experience all of them the same as if we were standing still.  If we could measure different speeds of light for different speeds of our own travel, that would mean that there was a "universal" reference for how fast something is going (before special relativity physicists would have used a concept called the  "aether" as this reference).  Einstein's first postulate was to state that the "principle of relativity" was true, which means there is no single universal way of measuring speed, and instead you can only measure the speed of things relative to other things.  The rest of the theory of special relativity follows from resolving the resulting paradoxes from combining this postulate with a maximum speed for light.
No matter what your reference frame, the speed of light always looks like the speed of light. This is the principle of relativity.
so the closer you come to the speed of light, the more stretching of everything else you get?
You will observe an object to be stretched or compressed when moving relative to it due the phenomena of [length contraction](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Length_contraction).  The faster the relative speeds, the higher the contraction.
&gt;so the closer you come to the speed of light,

Closer to the speed of light, compared to **WHAT**?  That was the point of his whole post:  You have to explicitly state what your reference frame is in order to make any sense.
&gt; you probably consider yourself as standing still here on the surface of the earth, but obviously the earth is rotating very fast, it's moving around the sun, the sun is moving with respect to the milky way etc

[see this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvpcOqSK7YU)

Summary:
No, you see the light move at the speed of light.
