Original Response:
Just a question that popped into my head after looking up mosquito traps.  And a follow-up question, could car tail pipes be converted into mosquito killers?
Its possible (probable) that the other components of the exhaust act to repel the mosquitoes. Attraction is not a binary thing; detection is on/off, yes, but response is a much more subtle thing taking into account numerous variables.
Isn't it CO (carbon monoxide?) that comes out of a tailpipe?
To elaborate on this very reasonable response:  carbon dioxide is usually the first in a suite of hierarchical cues that mosquitoes (and many hematophagous critters) use to find blood meals.  Other cues include other chemicals, contrasting colors, and heat to identify potential blood meals.  

Mosquitoes, specifically, have very diverse behaviours associated with foraging; some forage in fields, some in urban areas, some strictly in forests, some strictly in the daytime, others at night, still others during dusk and dawn.  However, they all primarily forage where endothermic critters (those with the "best" blood) are concentrated in space and time.  I only bring this up to illustrate that cars aren't typically in those particular areas.

As for other biting insects, I have an interesting example: tabanids (deer flies and horse flies).  These animals are honed to feeding on large objects (cows, horses, deers) that are warm and putting out a suite of chemicals.  Anyone who's ever driven a vehicle in deer fly country knows the unique sound of these flies slamming into the the car windows, hood, and roof.  In fact, this is listed in some texts (see Michael Service books) as a very good way to catch these and other hematophagous insects.

Sorry for the lengthy reply...it's kinda my "thing."  Perhaps I didn't really answer the question specifically.  The answer is probably, "they do" but it's likely to be less efficient a method than others for trapping skeeters for precisely the reason stated above.
I don't know why you got downvoted; this is much more thorough and informed than mine was. I upvoted.
Both.
Thanks.  I may come across as overly didactic.  I just mean to inform. :)
Exhaust from internal combustion engines is much hotter than the exhaust from humans.  It also a made up of a lot of other contaminates.  I do not think mosquitoes would be mistake one exhaust for the other!
Because tailpipes don't emit CO2 while the engine is off.

CO2 wont 'linger' in a tailpipe, so mosquitos wont be attracted to them.

While the engine is on, the gas coming out is fast and hot, not to mention that the car itself is moving. Any mosquitos that would be attracted to the tailpipe would quickly move away/be pushed away.

Also, how would you know if they congregate around tailpipes, or not? Have you checked?
ICE wouldn't do. A charcoal CO2 generator producing a warm CO2 stream might do, though.
If your car exhaust has more than 0.5% CO, it is a sign of either inadequate oxygen intake or a malfunctioning catalytic converter.
Sometimes cars are left idling, though, and the vicinity around the tailpipe would be saturated with CO2, not just the air coming directly out of the pipe. And, no, mosquitoes don't hang around tailpipes.

Summary:
that comes out of a tailpipe?
And, no, mosquitoes don't hang around tailpipes.
Also, how would you know if they congregate around tailpipes, or not?
