Original Response:
Please explain the general concept of carbon dating. 

I also have one follow up question:  If the half life of carbon molecules is used to date things and we are made up of recycled atoms (ingesting food which organisms use to build their bodies) aren't we dating atoms from millions of years ago?

Thank you in advance.
From simple english wikipedia:

Radiocarbon dating, also known as the C–14 method, is a way of telling how old something is. It is a type of radiometric dating. The method uses the radioactive isotope carbon-14. Most organic matter contains carbon. Carbon has different isotopes, which are usually not radioactive; 14C is the radioactive one, its half-life, or time it takes to radioactively decay to one half its original amount, is about 5,730 years. This makes it possible to tell the age of substances that contain carbon. The method works to about 60,000 years old. Dates obtained are usually written as before present ('present' is 1950).
Plants take up atmospheric carbon dioxide by photosynthesis, and are ingested by animals, so every living thing is constantly exchanging carbon-14 with its environment as long as it lives. Once it dies, however, this exchange stops.
In 1958 Hessel de Vries showed that the concentration of carbon-14 in the atmosphere varies with time and locality. The relatively short-lived 14C is constantly renewed by cosmic ray bombardment on atmospheric nitrogen. Since the bombardment is slightly variable, and for other reasons, the 14C taken into organic matter is also slightly variable. That leads to slight errors in the chronology. However, under about 20,000 years the results can be compared with dendrochronology, based on tree rings. For the most accurate work, variations are compensated by means of calibration curves.
The method was developed by Willard Libby and his colleagues at the University of Chicago in 1949. In 1960, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this work. He first demonstrated the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by accurately estimating the age of wood from an ancient Egyptian royal barge of which the age was known from historical documents.[4][5]









.

Let me know if you need more info.  Also, tree-ring dating is pretty cool.
Thank you that helps me to understand.  I think you answered my follow up question also but just to make sure I understand let me paraphrase.

The reason that dating works is because the 14c is constantly renewed by cosmic rays which then begin to deteriorate.  Organic matter stops absorbing these 14c isotopes upon death.  This allows for them to be dated based on how deteriorated the 14c isotopes are which tells you how long they've been on earth.  This can be cross verified with tree growth rings to find a more accurate date.
[deleted]
Re: your follow-up question, let me make an analogy.  Let's say you want to find out when someone last lived in their apartment based on the state of their fruit bowl.

If you walk in 5 minutes after they've left, can't tell if it's 5 minutes or 24 hours, everything is still pretty much fresh.

If you show up 200 years after they walked out, you also can't tell much: everything has decomposed into dust. You can't tell if it's been 200 years or 20,000 years.

But in the middle there, around the 'several weeks' range, you can probably date things within a week or so (with practice).
Exactly!  And it is proven science but it isn't an exact science.  

See also:  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Potassium-argon_dating  (Very similar to C-14 dating)  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amino_acid_dating  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermoluminescence_dating  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Archaeomagnetic_dating


These techniques, plus many more are used together to get better dating estimates.
I will correct one bit:
&gt; on how deteriorated the 14c isotopes are  

It's more like "how many of the 14C isotopes have deteriorated." (sorry if this is what you meant.)

Summary:
The method uses the radioactive isotope carbon-14.
The method works to about 60,000 years old.
This allows for them to be dated based on how deteriorated the 14c isotopes are which tells you how long they've been on earth.
The reason that dating works is because the 14c is constantly renewed by cosmic rays which then begin to deteriorate.
