Original Response:
As stated, when does it make sense to be wary* of germs and disease we're often exposed to (dirty public restrooms, sick coworkers etc) and when is it pointless, or even counterproductive?

Edit: I can't spell.
Weary=tired, Wary=cautious

It's completely impossible to completely sterilize the items around us.  Hand sanitizer doesn't work that well, neither does antibacterial soap.  I think a lot of people worry about it way too much.  Good rule of thumb: wash your hands before eating and after using the bathroom.  Cough and sneeze into your sleeve (not your hand).
Haha god dammit. Well thanks.
I'm currently working on an influenza project, and I read a study somewhere (can't find it right now) that hand sanitizers were only effective against influenza A virus strains and not effective against other virus types, such as B and C. 

Take home message: get a yearly flu shot :)
There have actually been many studies comparing anti-bacterial and regular soaps... every single one (to my knowledge) found there is no difference. 

http://www.physorg.com/news106418144.html
Does the annual shot cover many strains or a common antigen in all strains? If it's for a few strains how do they know which ones to include? Is it live or attenuated?
Anti-bacterial surface cleansers do reduce cell count, if you're worried about germs you're as well to give taps, and handles of doors and fridges, etc. a spray. Don't wipe it off just let it sit.
If these are accurate, could antibacterial soaps cause more harm by killing good bacteria which fight fungal infections and so on? Or is it just that soap and hot water basically removes everything from the skin on its own?
Right now the flu shots are trivalent - having 3 strains: one A H3N2, one A H1N1, and one B lineage strain (there are circulating strains from 2 genetically distinct lineages). There are both inactivated and live attenuated vaccines. Live attenuated tend to confer higher immunity.

Some companies are developing quadrivalent vaccines which will have a strain from both B lineages. 

Typically, the World Health Organization and the CDC monitor flu infections and make recommendations for virus strains to be included in the vaccine for the upcoming flu season based on which ones have been circulating. They are essentially making educated guesses.
Honestly, it's probably indifferent.  Many pathogens are now resistant to the main ingredient in antibacterial products, triclosan.  Odds are, so is your microbiota (all the microbes that live and on you).
Key question: are you or someone you are close to immunocompromised, or otherwise under the direction of a medical professional to be mindful of your pathogen exposure?  If NOT, then standard hygiene measures are sufficient.  Wash your hands after you use the bathroom, before and after preparing food.  Cough into your sleeve.  Keep your fingers away from your face, and especially out of your mouth, nose and eyes.  Anything beyond that isn't well supported really.  EVERYTHING is covered in microbes.  And I do mean that very literally.  Of course, not all of them are pathogens, in fact, most of them aren't.  Honestly, I think the big ones really are washing your hands when you are supposed to and keeping your hands away from your mucous membranes.
Basically I started washing my hands more over the last year and I haven't been sick more than a day or so, compared to a few times a year previously. I guess I'll just keep doing this regardless of what I touch, as this seems to be the general consensus expressed here. Thanks.
I think the big issue is that if you don't wash your hands regularly, don't touch your face, as the big issue, especially in the winter, is spread of viruses, and your hands can play a big part in introducing them into your respiratory tract.  If you are washing your hands a lot, then you might actually want to consider hand sanitizer.  For the average person, it's overkill.  But they've found, particularly in medical establishments that it's really helpful.  The issue with doctors/nurses washing their hands all the time is they end up with dry cracked skin, which can be it's own problem.  But they can still properly sanitize their hands between patients using hand sanitizer.

Summary:
If it's for a few strains how do they know which ones to include?
Hand sanitizer doesn't work that well, neither does antibacterial soap.
Wash your hands after you use the bathroom, before and after preparing food.
Cough and sneeze into your sleeve (not your hand).
