Original Response:
I've often heard that occasionally throughout history, people would just drink beer, cider, wine, or other low ABV drinks in place of drinking water due to fear of contamination and dysentery (two examples that come to mind are historical London with beer and American pioneers with cider). How is this possible without dehydrating?
[deleted]
Because beer has a high ratio of water to alcohol, compared to hard liquor, and much higher than than the 2:1(?) ratio your body uses to metabolize it.
&gt; much higher than the 2:1 ratio your body uses to metabolize it.

Can you extrapolate? I don't understand what you mean by this.
You need 2 units of alcohol to 1 unit of water to get dehydrated from drinking alcohol.

In other words, even though beer is a diuretic, you get more water from the beer than you lose due to the beer.
Great, now I need to find a reference.  My understanding is that in order to metabolize the alcohol, you need two molecules of water for every molecule of alcohol.  It might not be that simple, but the ratio of water to alcohol in the strongest beers is 9:1 (10% alcohol), so there's more than enough water to keep you hydrated, even if you're pissing the night away.
Okay, that makes sense (no need for a reference, I trust you :)
I think that the beer/cider that was drank back then was much much weaker than the bear/cider that we drink now.
A brewing chemist explained it to me once, and though I don't remember all the terms, essentially any beverage under 5.5% abv will have enough water in it to counter-act the dehydrating effects of the alcohol
The bigger problem with the chronic consumption of high amounts of low-ABV beverages is actually salt loss and/or poor free-water excretion; in fact, it's been given a special name: beer potomania.
Leading to the term "small beer"
Even today lots of Ales in the UK are fairly "light", as in ABV of 3.5%-3.9% , which I think has something to do with it. They never give me a hangover.

Summary:
ratio your body uses to metabolize it.
&gt; much higher than the 2:1 ratio your body uses to metabolize it.
