Original Response:
Article:
http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2012/01/120104-time-cloak-invisibility-harry-potter-light-optical-fiber-science

I don't understand what this has to do with "time" - the light is slowed down, then sped up to make up the difference, via using a lens. What does this have to do with time?
[deleted]
I'm guessing this is the appropriate part of the explanation:

"To conduct their time-stopping experiment, described this week in the journal Nature, Gaeta and colleagues aimed a laser beam at a probe and passed the beam through a device called a time lens.

While a conventional optical lens bends a beam of light in space, the time lens modifies the light's temporal—not spatial—distribution.

"It's a way of being able to really control the properties of a light beam in the time domain, and shape and distort and do funny things like this to light in the time domain," Gaeta said.

Study co-author Moti Fridman, also of Cornell University's School of Applied and Engineering Physics, devised a method in which he crossed the laser beam aimed at the probe with a strong "pulse" laser inside specialized fiber optic glass.

"This changed the frequency and wavelength of the beam so it moved at a different velocity, and this is why a [time] gap was created," he explained.

A second pulse laser on the other side of the time hole reversed the changes, restoring the beam to its original properties.

In the experiment, an event that happened inside the time hole wasn't detected by the probe."

What that all means.. darned if I know. It sounds like they shot a laser through a "time lens" to slow it down then it passed through a second lens to speed it back up. That sounds like a purely physical alteration to me, hence my question.
That doesnt really explain what happened though, which is why I was left confused. Theres no explanation for what "time lense" means or what it actually does. Seemed odd to me for the article to just leave it at that.
It's a grossly misleading article representative of the horrible state of popular science reporting.

Light always moves at light speed, and cannot be changed.  You can create the *illusion* of a changing speed by absorbing and re-emitting photons (lensing), and that's pretty much what they're doing, if in a slightly more elaborate way.  

But the researchers, and reporters, are twisting this ridiculously.
&gt; Light always moves at light speed, and cannot be changed.

That's completely besides the point. The experiment constitutes a temporal optical cloak, albeit a limited one.
I tried to answer questions on the temporal optical cloak [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/o3rb2/time_cloak_how_does_it_work/). Hope that helps.

Summary:
What does this have to do with time?
Light always moves at light speed, and cannot be changed.
