Original Response:
Curious to know if a person was sitting in a pool of fresh water, and didn't not drink any, could they die of dehydration.

I'm aware that your skin absorbs water hence wrinkly hands when long durations of sitting in water. but is that passed on at all?
Even if water could enter your blood stream by osmosis, mineral ions would presumably diffuse out of your body into the water so you would die anyway
I dont really think you could absorb enough water via your skin. no expert here but bear with me.

Your outermost skin layer the epidermis has a layer of skin cells that are dead and are just keratin husks. This provides you with a dead cell and alot of protein and thus no mode of absorbing water. but im not 100% sure on that. There are still alive cells under that thin layer yet for cells to absorb water through passive diffusion through aquaporin  protein channels that just allow for the flow of water.


your skin on the surface get wrinkly because it absorbs water. The cell is hypertonic to the hyoptonic environment. meaning that there is alot of solute in the cell versus not alot of solute outside of the cell. water flows from Low to high solute ( our kidneys to a good job at this).

Anyway your skin is also bound by different proteins that allow ellasticity and actually bind your skin to the other layers below it. you are seeing the skin swell while it is tied down.

As far as living off the small amount of water that is absorbed....not nearly enought to live off of even thought some metabolic processes create water as a by product. you simply cannot absorb enought. I also think, guessing, that eventually your cells will start to transport solute out of the cell and then try to become isotonic with the surrounding cells therefore going back down to normal size. In this process, i think!, that they will recollect the aquaporin channels from the plasma membrane.
Yes, in theory, you could. Your skin does not absorb water. Your skin is intended to be a barrier, and thus is pretty minimally permeable to most things. (Imagine if you started absorbing water every time you walked around in the rain - you would swell up like a sponge.) Obviously, most people would break down and drink the water.
Thanks for the great response. I figured the answer would be along those lines.

It just came to me swimming in a lake the other day feeling rather thirsty.
I remember a story on here of a paramedic who responded to a man who had become immobilized in a bathtub of water for 3 days and actually became overly hydrated.

Summary:
Your skin does not absorb water.
your skin on the surface get wrinkly because it absorbs water.
