Original Response:
I'm watching a program about the Drake equation, they seem to make a convincing case that there should be intelligent aliens spread throughout the galaxy, then went on to speculate that intelligent life may well have a built in life self, before we/they destroy them selves via there own technology, one suggestion being nuclear war,

So would we be able to observe such an exchange using radio telescopy?

I am making some assumptions for this question; E.T. nuclear war would be like ones planned for during the cold war, There nuclear  weapons would be similar to ours, The physics of any of the above makes sense.
The amount of background radiation from the universe would make it near impossible to detect this unless you knew what planet you were observing beforehand.
I'm not physicist, so I may be getting this wrong.

However, from my estimations, if we were to launch 100,000 nuclear warheads the size of the Tsar bomb, the sun's solar output would surpass its energy in 0.05 milliseconds.

So, in other words, it would probably be barely imperceptible if nuclear war was taking place from our distance. Someone should verify this.
I read that the tsar bomba the largest ever thermonuclear device gave out 4% of the suns out put at the height of the reaction, so surely 4% of the suns energy is a few orders of magnitude larger than other observable stars, even close bright ones?
I would have thought that we would noticed something of the same brightness as our star showing up in our sky for a second or two? i spose distance is they key factor here.
Technically, I did make one mistake. This is a measure of energy, not luminosity. So the distance from the source would make it dimmer. It isn't necessarily brighter than the sun (to us) because it is far away.

Sirius is brighter than the sun, but the sky is still dark at night.
but wouldn't the earth be too close to the sun for the light to be differentiated?
The sun is actually a rather small, low-energy star, so no.

Summary:
So the distance from the source would make it dimmer.
