Original Response:
I think there should be a caveat mentioned: Entropy is involved. To my understanding, not everything will have an evolutionary explanation. Take the number of fingers we have. Why five on each hand? Why not four or six? I am of the opinion that it would be impossible to identify an evolutionary reason for this with any rigour.

Some things never made a difference to survivability, and as a result just kind of developed randomly.
One theory covers not only music but art in general. Like many things when it comes to evolution, it has to do with getting laid.


Ever notice how artists, particularly musicians, seem to get laid much more easily than others? The ability to create art (which probably started as creating simple rhythms) may have been used to attract mates. This is an example of [sexual selection](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexual_selection). It's like natural selection, but it's about mates wanting to bang you instead of surviving to bang.

Another possible reason why art, especially music, is so big in humans 
is that it probably brought tribes together. For a modern analogy, see concerts and cultures set up around genres of music.
This might interest you:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Musicophilia:_Tales_of_Music_and_the_Brain
&gt;To my understanding, not everything will have an evolutionary explanation.

That's my take, too.  Evolution is based on random variation.  Just because a successful species has a given trait, that doesn't mean that the trait helped make it successful.

Music may just be a by-product of a brain capable of abstraction.
You should check out [Dan Levitin](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Levitin).  Bob Edwards had him on his [show a while back](http://www.bobedwards.info/ftopic907.html&amp;sid=c8bb51944e3c8fafebb691c250088cf9) and it was very interesting.
For behaviors that could be considered artistic in non-human animals, birds are a pretty great source.  From bower birds to the common songbird, 'art' in mating is wonderfully varied experience.

From a very practical stance, if an individual can be robust and healthy, and also have the free time to expend on non-survival behaviors (like collecting and maintaining items of various colors as the bower bird does), they must be well beyond the fitness level needed for basic survival.  Those females that mate with an individual who is not only strong, but successful enough to spend time on non-survival activities would have a much greater chance of successful offspring.

So in a purely practical though seemingly silly way, the more wasteful your efforts are with regards to survival (while still managing to survive), the apparently better suited to survive you actually are.
Agreed.  There are even traits that are harmful to the individual but survive because they are a secondary effect of a beneficial trait.  So long as the harmful side effect presents less negative survival pressure than the main effect provides positive advantage, both traits will survive.

Within sexual selection, there are many examples: horns of the big horn sheep, tail of the peacock.  Within physical selection, the human brain could be a perfect example; it causes problems in birth, requires vast amounts of energy to maintain, but its positive advantages greatly overcome those limitations.
[deleted]
I make no claim to be an expert.
The explanation would be interesting if Evolutionary Psychology weren't largely pseudoscience.
A synopsis?
I've discussed this before, and my thought (completely unsubstantiated, but it makes sense, nonetheless) is that it is an intellectual ramping-up (probably a more technical term available) of simple basic beat-production. Drumming and percussion are widely seen within tribal cultures; its purpose is obviously to build a sense of community and bonding within the social group (dancing and the such). This is no doubt adaptive, as a tighter knit group is more likely to be successful (I am not advocating kin selection, I am advocating sociality, which is no doubt one of the more successful traits of our species). It's not hard to extrapolate out: as people learn previous musical techniques, they explore and add on to this repertoire (this is the creative nature of our species, another hallmark of our success). People get bored with stuff, they push boundaries. Eventually you get the rich variety of music we see worldwide. 

The initial evolution of music? Probably the ritualization of a behavior such as [buttress drumming](http://www.greatapeproject.org/en-US/noticias/Show/3109,the-drumming-with-video) by chimps.

Summary:
The initial evolution of music?
Like many things when it comes to evolution, it has to do with getting laid.
To my understanding, not everything will have an evolutionary explanation.
&gt;To my understanding, not everything will have an evolutionary explanation.
