Original Response:
Say that a space station could be spun to incredible speeds like at least half the speed of light. Would time slow down the same for the inhabitants as if they were traveling in a straight line at that speed? I assume that the centrifugal force would be too much to survive but I'm asking to ignore that little detail.

This is sort of for a science fiction perspective. If a highly advanced civilization could create artificial planets and live on them and send out ships that go near the speed of light but compensate for the slowed time on the ships by having the artificial planets match the time dilation.
Rotation does in fact produce time dilation. For the purposes that you are looking for though, it would not have the effect you want. Any time you have a time dilation it is in regards to a specific reference frame. For the sake of argument let's say you have three reference frames, the planet (P), the ship (S) and a third that is outside of the planet/ship system (O) for observer. Further for the sake of argument let's say that the time dilation in P and S as measured from O was equal. That has no bearing on the time dilation of S as measured from P or the time dilation of P as measured from S. Since an object is at rest in its own reference frame, P's non-zero time dilation as measured by S or O could do nothing to offset the time dilation of S as measured from P.
Pretty concept. 
I imagine your ship as a large ring spinning around a central axis like [this one](http://drexfiles.wordpress.com/2009/11/01/bsg-ring-ship/). You actually cannot have any kind of time dilation due to rotation, but you do from translation (as you actually have a certain speed seen from Earth for example). Same principle applies if, instead of a spinning ship this was about a ship orbiting around the planet. Your onboard clock will be slower than a clock on the planet.

The major problem I see in this is the presence of a very strong manifestation of inertia pulling you outside of your orbit (centrifugal force). Wich magnitude is proportional to square of the linear speed you travel (In classical mechanics). So I only see you getting smashed on the walls of your ship, or the ship itself breaking itself violently like [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmRV8wNJdKY&amp;feature=related). :S

So try to slow your clock going only forward, its for your safety :D
Rotation is translation everywhere except the axis itself.  Special Relativity does not care about the direction of motion, only the relative magnitude.
[deleted]
What he means is that the ships do not rotate, but travel near c, so experience time dilation. The stations rotate in order to create similar time dilation, in order that their population all ages at the same rate.
Could you expand on that last sentence? I don't follow your reasoning.
&gt; You actually cannot have any kind of time dilation due to rotation

Others have pointed out that this is incorrect, but I'll add that we have actual evidence of time dilation due to rotation: GPS satellites rotate around the center of the Earth, and they experience time dilation, which their software has to correct.
OPs question was whether this effect is different due to rotation than speed. As far as I know the satellites experience dilation because of their speed and to a lesser effect Earth's diminishing gravity potential, and the rotation around Earth is just the environment they happen to be in. Am I wrong?
The rotation of satellites around the Earth is what gives them speed relative to a point on the surface, and that results in time dilation relative to those points.
I had the same idea this morning so I googled - time dilation, artificial planets and found this thread. You all talk about problems and obstacles there would be for artificial planets/space stations but wouldnt the space ship that we wanna sync with have the same problems?

Summary:
Rotation does in fact produce time dilation.
What he means is that the ships do not rotate, but travel near c, so experience time dilation.
Further for the sake of argument let's say that the time dilation in P and S as measured from O was equal.
