Original Response:
From what I know, most organisms nowadays that have yet to be cultured are found using metagenomics where you take an environmental sample and determine the multiple different microbial genomes present in the environment.  If a new genome belonging to a previously uncultured organism is present and you would like to grow this organism, one either orders or makes culture plates with a similar nutrient and chemical composition as this environmental sample (including air temp. and humidity).  From here you can plate the sample and tweek the plate formula until you find the best growing conditions for the organism of interest often using simple trial and error.  You can try to remove undesired organisms with dilution or selective conditions such as antibiotics.
Indeed I assume nowadays it works backwards, too: You can sequence a single cell genome, and then try to get hints from the enzymes it encodes to what that specific bug may need in culture media. As opposed to, well, just a few years back, when you needed the organism cultured to obtain enough DNA for sequencing a genome.
While Snanther and ShellfishGene aren't wrong per se, reality is a far way off.  So if you know an 'unknown' organism exists, that means you have some sequence for it, which means you also have an idea of where it fits phylogentically speaking (in laymens terms this means you have other organisms that you also know the sequence to that are similar to you unknown).  You can take a guess from the organisms you do know, if they are culturable, and make a guess as to what kind of media to use to grow your unknown.  Sometimes this works.  But considering ~99% of bacteria are not yet culturable, odds are it won't work.  Beyond that, it really is a lot of educated guessing.
OK so this was basically from a task we were given in tutorials last year and never got feedback from. It was basically that you had identified DNA of a novel organism in a soil sample from a heavymetals plant. It contains a gene with sequence homology to a methyltransferase (bacterial / eukaryotic etc not specified). It is hypothesised that the organism uses the methyltransferase to methylate heavy metals to cope with the high content in the soil. So the task was to plan a research project to isolate/identify and culture the organism and come up with a way of testing the methyltransferase hypothesis.

I was really interested in my posted question and as I received no feedback from my then tutor I wanted to know if my ideas were correct and if I had missed anything.

Summary:
As opposed to, well, just a few years back, when you needed the organism cultured to obtain enough DNA for sequencing a genome.
