Original Response:
After a recent discussion with my wife on the subject, and after hearing several doctors varying oppinions on the mater, I turn to you askscience! Does being exposed to cold, but dry weather for an hour or so give you the common cold?
I think it weakens your immune system making you more vulnerable to the cold virus.  I don't think just being cold gives you the cold virus.  A way to test this would be to put a healthy person in a very cold clean room.
Could you submit any scientific evidence to backup your claims?

Alternatively read the guidelines. Thanks for the consideration though :)
I'm not sure that a citation is needed to claim that the common cold is caused by the rhinovirus, or to claim that viruses cannot be spontaneously generated by cold temperatures. So no, being cold cannot directly give you a cold. 

What probably does need citation is the claim that being cold impairs your immune system, making you more vulnerable to becoming sick when exposed to a pathogen. However, I'm not an expert, and I'm stuck posting from my phone, so I'll have to leave it to others to provide a citation for that claim (assuming that it's a truthful claim, that is).
These aren't very recent papers but some studies seem to suggest that the cold can play a role in lowering the function of the immune system, but, clearly, an actual virus needs to be present in order to get sick.


From a 2002 review:http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12357708


Assumptions in the present hypothesis
 1. Acute cooling of the body surface causes vasoconstriction
 in the epithelium of the nose and upper airways.
 2. The  vasoconstriction  by  reducing  the  supply  of  blood  to
 the  airway  causes  inhibition  of  local  respiratory  defences
 by cooling the epithelium and reducing the supply of blood
 leukocytes.
 3. The inhibition of respiratory defences is sufficient to con-
 vert a subclinical infection to a clinical infection.

And later on:

The  first  assumption  can  be  defended  from  previous  work  in
 the literature that demonstrates that cooling of the skin causes
 vasoconstriction  of  nasal  and  upper  airway  blood  vessels
 (Mudd et al., 1919, 1921; Spiesman, 1936; Drettner, 1961).
 The second assumption can be defended on the basis that the
 immune  response  is  inhibited  on  cooling  and  that  in  general
 ischaemia  predisposes  to  infection.  The  third  assumption
 relates to the iceberg concept of infection, and there is much
 evidence  to  indicate  that  around  one  third  of  infections  with
 common cold viruses are sub-clinical 

And a second review from 2007:  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17705968
"Although not all studies agree, most of the available evidence from laboratory and clinical studies suggests that inhaled cold air, cooling of the body surface and cold stress induced by lowering the core body temperature cause pathophysiological responses such as vasoconstriction in the respiratory tract mucosa and suppression of immune responses, which are responsible for increased susceptibility to infections."
According to [this](http://www.health.harvard.edu/flu-resource-center/how-to-boost-your-immune-system.htm) Harvard Health Publications, being exposed to moderate cold does not appear to render one more susceptible to catching the common cold.  They believe the reason for cold and flu "seasons" are due to the fact that people start spending more time indoors and are in closer contact with other people who can pass on the infectious agent.
Well I put "I think" for a reason.  I was not sure of it, just a thought.  However candanti found a publication that proved that the immune system is infact not weakened and gives another interesting reason for the "cold season"
I'm not sure if it is actually caused by the cold or affected by the cold in any way buy I do know that the name, "The Cold" was earned because it caused those who had it to feel as if they are cold even if they are buried underneath blankets and actually extremely hot.
I've seen several studies on the subject. Some concluded that temperature [does increase the risk of catching a cold](http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn12808-cold-weather-really-does-spread-flu.html), and some of which conclude that [temperature has no effect](http://journals.lww.com/joem/Citation/1969/07000/Exposure_to_Cold_Environment_and_Rhinovirus_Common.26.aspx). I can't explain all of the differences, but it looks like being exposed to the virus during or shortly after the chilling may result in a greater rate of infection.

Summary:
I think it weakens your immune system making you more vulnerable to the cold virus.
I don't think just being cold gives you the cold virus.
I was not sure of it, just a thought.
