Original Response:
As the acronym RICE suggests, icing a sprain is a crucial part to keep down the swelling. Wouldn't it be better for our bodies to let it swell?
There is always an optimal middle point to any reaction of your body to illness or damage. Fever is the easiest example of this- too little and you dont kill pathogens, too much and your body can suffer from organ failure. As far as I know, your body may tend to err on the "too mugh" side of things since the "too little" side can sometimes be riskier. 

Edit- fever, not flu
Inflammation is a normal response to tissue injury. A part of this is pain and swelling, so as you say, it is possible that damping down this response may delay healing. I don't know about ice, but there is some evidence that using non steroidal anti inflammatory drugs (such as ibuprofen) can delay fracture healing, at least in animal models. A recent review can be found [here](http://bjsm.bmj.com/content/39/2/65.full.pdf).
I don't quite understand what you are trying to say here. "Flu" is a viral infection, not a response to inflammation. Did you mean "fever"?
An illustrative (and extreme) example might be [compartment syndrome](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/PMH0002204/), most commonly caused by trauma. 

Basically, your muscles (especially in your arms and legs) are surrounded by fascia, forming separate compartments. Fascia is inflexible, so swelling within a compartment cannot expand the fascia. It can, however, stop venous and even arterial flow, as well as impinge on nerves, leading to serious and permanent consequences.

In this case, it is clear that the swelling is harming the body. (Though the treatment is fasciotomy--cutting the fascia to allow the compartment to expand--rather than trying to reverse the swelling, which would presumably take too long.)
Whoops, yeah, that explains the negative response. Thanks for the catch.
I'm no expert by any means, but in my mind, if you take swelling to be an evolutionary response, then we should take the context back to when the swelling response appeared. 

Since swelling is a common occurrence across species, it should be safe to assume that swelling has been around from very early on. As far as I know, all mammals will swell in the event of injury, so I suppose we can go back at least that far.

In that case, most injury would be a result of either predation, accident or intra-species fighting. I would think that swelling of an injured area is a survival response where the body can isolate the injury and prevent further damage from unnecessary movement and the individual will have a better chance of fleeing or just being able to heal.

For example, if I am fighting an animal or person and I sprain or injure my ankle, I may want to either keep fighting to win or to run away. Swelling will temporarily help to keep the ankle from flopping around  and damaging it further allowing me to either fight or to run. I would also presume that the swelling would come with a release of adrenaline.

Take that response to injury to modern times, and it turns out that because most of the time, we don't need to fight or run for our lives, most swelling seems like an over-reaction in our bodies. 

Also, as it's been pointed out, swelling in our bodies today can sometimes lead to more damage. A good example is in head and brain injury. One of the worst things that can happen is swelling in the brain which can cause severe brain damage or death. In this case, keeping the swelling down is absolutely necessary.
Great answer :-)
Would a sprained ankle really swell fast enough to assist in running away from a fight?
swelling causes more blood to go to the wound and more white blood cells able to protect from infection
I don't know. It's just an example. But I have had a dislocated thumb swell up on me like a balloon (a purple balloon at that) within a few minutes.

Summary:
Also, as it's been pointed out, swelling in our bodies today can sometimes lead to more damage.
In this case, it is clear that the swelling is harming the body.
Wouldn't it be better for our bodies to let it swell?
In this case, keeping the swelling down is absolutely necessary.
