Original Response:
I always thought that the story of how Arnold turned bright orange from eating carrots for a snack was a little fishy. Even at a young age I figured it was an exaggeration if not an outright lie. Is it possible to even intentionally eat enough carrots to cause an unnatural looking complexion?
Very true, amusingly enough.  Children are routinely brought into ERs around the world because they've been fed too much baby food containing carrot or sweet potato and have taken on an orange tint (or all out skin tone).  You can even turn your kid colors by feeding them too much Kool-aide!

See this [wiki page](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carotenosis)


edit: Forgot to add food after baby...whoops
Interesting. You speak specifically of children, would it be possible for an adult to also consume enough colored foods to change their skin color? I assume it would take a larger volume of the chosen food if possible.

edit: I made the comment before you added the wiki link. Knowing the name of the phenomenon made it easier to find information on it. Thanks!
An adult could, but I imagine it would it would take an unappealingly large amount of the offending produce.

I would think that longterm overexposure to silver ([argyria](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argyria)) is more likely in adults.
Sad to say my sister's (20) hands turned orange a few months back because she obsessively drank carrot juice every morning for a couple of months. Once we noticed, she stopped drinking CJ and her hands returned to normal coloring.
I think she should try purple drank next :P
[deleted]
[deleted]
The effects are temporary, right? Are they harmful? I can imagine someone colouring themselves this way for fun.
Argyria is not temporary, so don't start drinking silver.
When I was a child growing up I was extremely Allergric to everything and I could only eat sweet potatos. I did litreally start to trun orange and had to go to the doctor to get tests ran on me to identify other foods that I was midly allergic to so I could start eating them and building up a tolerance as I was getting older. 

Just a year ago I had my first taste of red meat. Man was I missing out.
In the case of carrot juice, the orange colour is caused by carotene, also known as provitamin A.

Excess of this compound is stored in the bodies' fatty tissue, hence colouring it. The same is used in salmon farms to give the fish their nice orange colour.

Carotene is not toxic in any known quantities.
a friend turned a tanned, yet slightly unnatural hue of orange after drinking mixed vegetable juice (presumably mostly carrot) for breakfast for a prolonged period. The difference was remarkable because his identical twin was of a much paler shade.
My aunt became addicted to carrots. By that I mean at one point she was eating 4 pounds of carrots a day. She would go to different stores to buy them because was embarrassed to be seen by the cashier (small town). She also would sit in the closet to eat them to "hide" her habit. 

She turned the most awful shade of orange. I mean REALLY ORANGE. She ended up going to a doctor and broke her addiction and eventually became white again.

She jokes about it now, but when she described her addiction it was much like what you would hear from a drug addict. It was a very difficult addiction for her to break.
My uncle did the same when he was on a health food kick.

Summary:
She turned the most awful shade of orange.
My aunt became addicted to carrots.
I assume it would take a larger volume of the chosen food if possible.
I would think that longterm overexposure to silver ([argyria](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argyria)) is more likely in adults.
