Original Response:
I've just been wondering, and if anyone really bothers to answer this I appreciate it.
edit: Hooray for r/askscience to cure my scientific curiosity.
No, it's largely a cultural issue.

There is no GENETIC reason for an animal to want to be homosexual, but there is a SOCIAL reason for it. It builds bonds between two creatures which might otherwise be hostile towards one another.

Imagine a homosexual tiger. It just wouldn't happen.
I've heard that homosexuality is more related to environmental rather than genetic factors...most specifically hormone levels the fetus is exposed to while in the womb.  You can read about that [here](http://www.unl.edu/rhames/courses/readings/homofinger/homo_finger.html).

There is also a [difference in the size of the anterior commisure](http://www.pnas.org/content/89/15/7199.full.pdf) in the brain.  I haven't heard that researchers have yet linked this to a genetic difference, though.
There are some arguments for genetic benefits of homosexuality, though I have no idea if they are supported by much evidence. The one I am aware of deals with the "gay uncle". The idea is that your brother carries similar genes as you, so you want his children to live and thrive. One way of accomplishing this is to be gay and not have a desire to leave the family to start your own. This means that you will be around to care for relatives that carry part of your genes.
This is a reasonable hypothesis, however, there's no reason that the "gay uncle syndrome" has to be genetic. Social and chemical pressures could have an equal pressure on the development of homosexuals.

I personally believe that it's a choice, that everyone's a little bisexual. Mostly because of the Greeks and Romans, as well as the large secret history of homosexuality in more modern greek cultures. There's some evidence that the Love Triangle which developed in the medieval period was actually a way for men to express their love for each other, rather than for the fair maiden who was merely the object of the quest.

Anthropologist here.
what I think you fail to understand is that we need to appeal to our constituants which means we tell them what they want to hear, not what is true. for various socio-political reasons our constituants demand that we refer to homosexual as not a choice regardless of your "proof", example that straight men turn gay when secluded from woman in prision, is totally irrelivant compared to our greater war being waged against our fellow americans, the republitards. If defeating our own fellow Americans means bending scientific and common sense observation them so fucking be it!!!!!
I agree. Imagine if the right could prove that it WASN'T genetic, that it was an entirely willing and conscious decision which occurred because of say, the type of music listened to and the television shows watched in youth. Would the gay rights movement  become moot? I don't think so, it'd just be set back because it's adherents made a poor argument.

Summary:
There are some arguments for genetic benefits of homosexuality, though I have no idea if they are supported by much evidence.
The one I am aware of deals with the "gay uncle".
There is no GENETIC reason for an animal to want to be homosexual, but there is a SOCIAL reason for it.
