Original Response:
This has bothered me since I was a little kid.  Though my mother didn't do it, I saw a lot of kids get their juice box or can of soda wrapped in aluminum foil to "keep it cold".  Even now when I go to the deli, hot sandwiches are wrapped in foil to "keep them hot" (while cold sandwiches just get wax paper).  This is completely counter-intuitive.  If anything, the added surface area of a wrinkly piece of foil coupled with the high heat transfer coeficient of aluminum should make the food reach room temperature *faster* than if it weren't wrapped at all.  Wrapping food in a heat sink shouldn't make it retain its temperature longer.

Am I missing something here, or is everybody else just dumb?
I would speculate that since the bond between the hot food item and the foil is loose at best, the heat transfer isn't happening on the level that you think it is and that the foils ability to retain heat is greater than what it is going to dissipate due to that loose connection with the food. Also if there is more than one layer of foil, as is common, the air between the layers may add some insulating effect.
Also consider that the foil will reflect radiation (which can convert to heat) back towards the food.

Additionally, metal is a very good conductor of heat, but does not store it well. The specific heat is so low, that it can't really steal very much heat from the food inside. You then have to wait for the surrounding air to absorb the heat from the metal, which should happen at about the same rate it would have from the food to the air.

But I suspect that the biggest insulating factor is that it does not allow air circulation over the food. Alton Brown *(Good Eats* on Food Network) does a cool demonstration where he melts a block of ice faster in cool moving water than he does in hot water. Circulation is really important to heat transfer when the materials involved aren't known as good conductors (water and air).
This is exactly why emergency blankets (the kind used to keep you warm if you get lost hiking in the snow, etc) look purty much like tinfoil. Traps air and reflects a ton of heat back at your body.

Summary:
Wrapping food in a heat sink shouldn't make it retain its temperature longer.
