Original Response:
So imagine two car sized "super" magnets of the same pole hanging from two different cables spaced a few meters apart. Now pull those magnets up like opposite pendulums (let's say 100m up) and put a person in the middle of where they would violently crash together at the bottom of their downward swing. If you get magnets strong enough that they would suddenly repel one another without physically crashing together, would the magnetic forces still harm the guy standing in the middle? I'm sure my experiment has flaws so feel free to expand on or change it to make my question make sense. Thanks
Well if they had a pacemaker, metal prosthetic devices or embedded metal particles ( as can happen to welders who can get tiny slivers of metal in their eye without realising it ) they could be in big trouble as the pacemaker leads whip around and the metal fragments shred the inner eye.

~~Im not sure it would effect the currents in the body though, as theyre not really  a "conductor in a magnetic field" as they are just moving chemical gradients and ion shifts.~~
A rapidly changing magnetic field can cause biological effects - not from any mechanical force felt by the person, but from the current induced. This is the same technique used in [transcranial magnetic stimulation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transcranial_magnetic_stimulation).

Stronger magnetic field can lead to observable [diamagnetism](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diamagnetism), where the water in your body can repel the external magnetic field. This is the phenomenon behind [the levitating frog](http://www.ru.nl/hfml/research/levitation/diamagnetic/).

Now, to answer your question, we need to make a few tweaks. First, magnets exists as dipoles, meaning you need two magnets with the same pole facing each other - thus you also require rigid rods that resist rotation. Second, we need to know the mass and strength of these magnets; the force required to keep them apart is entirely dependent on these two factors.
Any idea how long it took to realize this about welders before it became a standard question before going into an MRI (at least I hope it has)? Sounds horrific
its a standard question over here ( have you worked with welding equipment ) and if they have we just do a "xray of the orbits" ( the bone structure of the skull which surrounds the eye ) and you can see the little opaque flecks.

i have no idea how long it took  - there are some radiologists / radiographers around here , they probably know.
If they have a pace maker, the changing magnetic field could also induce a current into the wires, which could send a nasty shock to the heart.
true that. the newer ones are "mri safe" although i dont know about how safe they are in the OP's scenario
I'm a med student going into radiology.  At a conference I went to, the speaker suggested that the upper limit of MRIs will be around 11T since after that point, the flow of blood in the coronary arteries can induce currents leading to cardiac arrhythmias.

May be pretty complicated yet interesting to see this calculated out with two large neodymium magnets.
Assuming you knew the mass and strength and they were both the right amount to do harm to the body, what harm would be done and what is actually causing this?
Ions are current carriers, electrolytes are conductors, so they certainly are a "conductor in a magnetic field."   Perhaps this is an example of the "flowing electrons are electricity" fallacy?  Any material is a conductor if it contains mobile charges.  You can build electric circuitry using hoses full of salt water, although metals are preffered because of higher conductivity and lack of dripping leaks. :)
I measure the surface field of typical cheap Neos as between 0.5 &amp; 1.0 Tesla.  But I recall one NMR project with 30T in the magnet bore, generated by a small array of Neo permanent magnets.
Certainly horrendous accidents have occurred from large neodymium magnets coming together from magnetic attraction to crush fingers etc. - afraid I have no data on repellent type injuries
What was the size of the bore?
Tiny, a couple cm, and I think the entire device was a ~30cm cylinder.  That was a few years back, and I don't think I have their ref.

Back in the early 1990s there was AZ magnetics who built meters-wide hospital MRI magnets from large neo bricks.  I think they were the size of a VW beetle.  Workers only reported weird metal induction effects: a 1" aluminum slab dropped over the magnet would slowly settle from maglev effects, then inexplicably slide sideways just before touchdown.
I think I see what you're trying to ask.

The energy/force that pushes two magnets is not "created" by having them near eachother. The magnetic fields are always there (assuming permanent magnets) and simply act on eachother when they are nearby.

There's no difference between having them repel or attract one another in this example (well, other than the observer being squished if you flipped it around and didn't change the mechanism). In fact it would be the same as if there was only one magnet in the experiment. The strength of the fields would vary depending on how you did it (repel/attract/single magnet) because the fields would have different shapes.

Other people have covered what that field would actually do, so I defer to their knowledge.
please tell me more about the sideways slide...
ok, i thought that you could only induce a current in metallic conductor in a magnetic field, i didnt know it worked for a hose of salt water in a magnetic field also.
The large radius of the swing (assuming 100m) and the opposed-pole orientation of the fields means that the magnetic fields approaching the person in question will be moving so as to minimize the cutting of field lines. I would think that this would initially minimize any inductive effects (current induced in various conductive tissues). 

I suppose though that as the magnets came together the fields would be squished sideways rather suddenly, but you'd need the physical parameters of the magnets to figure the rate of change in order to calculate the current induced in various human tissues.
I recall it was mentioned in their company newsletter "Magnets in your Future."  Maybe a slightly stronger neo segment would do it.  There shouldn't be much horizontal drag to prevent such effects, since horizontal motion wouldn't alter the flux through the falling slab.

Summary:
In fact it would be the same as if there was only one magnet in the experiment.
A rapidly changing magnetic field can cause biological effects - not from any mechanical force felt by the person, but from the current induced.
I think they were the size of a VW beetle.
Second, we need to know the mass and strength of these magnets; the force required to keep them apart is entirely dependent on these two factors.
The strength of the fields would vary depending on how you did it (repel/attract/single magnet) because the fields would have different shapes.
