Original Response:
I understand that there the core is composed of mantle and magma closer to the crust, but what is the energy in there and how did it get in there? If this is the case for most planets and possibly the moon, are there violent plate tectonics there too?

**Edit**: thanks for the answers. To clarify, I was asking whether plate tectonics were a factor on surfaces on other planets *because* of their respective cores.
I really doubt there are plate tectonics at the core of the earth. The best we can figure is the the core is iron and the heat is residual from early processes in the earths formation.
It's the latent energy from the formation of the Earth from a sphere of molten rock billions of years ago, as well as the decay of radioactive isotopes. Most planets do experience tectonics, some more violent than ours, some less violent. Other planets have become extinct, where all of the molten material has cooled and solidified. This can be seen on the moon as well as on some of the older planets in our solar system.
The interior of the Earth is heated by radioactive decay, there is also residual heat left over from the formation of the Earth. There are no plate tectonics inside the Earth as there are only continental plates on the surface although there are convective currents of magma inside the Earth.

As far as we know, the Moon and Mars used to have fluid interiors are there is evidence of previously active volcanoes and materials like basalt which is a type of volcanic rock. I don't know about any of the other planets currently but it is likely the terrestrial planets have or had fluid interiors.
I'm not sure what you mean by the 'core is composed of mantle and magma closer to the crust', you should check out [this](http://www.uh.edu/~jbutler/physical/platetectonics.gif) just as a refresher. 

The core is in 2 pieces, the inner core which is solid, and the outer core is liquid (and the interaction between these two is what causes the magnetic field). The inner core is solid mainly because of the pressure that is acting upon it, and it as hot as the surface of the sun. The heat is a combination of latent heat from the formation of the planet, and the other part is from radioactive heat that constantly keeps things hot (for the time being). 

There are no tectonics at the core, it's simply under too much pressure and there isn't the right physical domain separation to have any kind of tectonics. 

Other planets may have had plate tectonics at one point or another, such as Mars, but their cores have cooled to the point that there is no longer the right conditions for plate tectonics. 

Hope that answers your question. If not, ask away.

Summary:
I really doubt there are plate tectonics at the core of the earth.
If this is the case for most planets and possibly the moon, are there violent plate tectonics there too?
