Original Response:
Question 1: How likely is that we won't even get a few weeks warning of ice caps melting/flooding the earth?

Question 2: Is it technically feasible to live completely in the ocean without using any land whatsoever?

Question 3: Is it possible to cyclone/earthquake/flood proof your building if money isn't an issue? 

Let me clarify this first. I am not a global warming denier. I know it is getting warmer and I know it is because of us. I also believe that we can observe a temperature change of approximately 6 degrees over the next few years. I am have a bachelor degree with understanding of Physics and Chemistry.

So now, here is my question.

Let's say ALL the ice in polar caps melts (I know it is unlikely but let's say it does). Let's assume worst case scenario. Albedo drops, earth becomes even warmer. Now I know most of land will come underwater and there will be MASS deaths but is it likely that humanity will be completely wiped out? I think, some groups will survive. I also think, most of our technology will survive (If our government's get a even a few weeks warning, they will collect the most essential personnel along with cronies and send them to the safest place on the planet). Those left behind will die, riot but well....fuck them.

So Question 1: How likely is that we won't even get a few weeks warning of ice caps melting/flooding the earth?

Furthermore, once that happens ALL the humanity will focus on making gadgets, improving technology to live underwater or at-least on surface of water. Our food source in short term will be seaweed, seafood, other sea crops...In long term, GM crops that grow on water will be invented in a relatively incredibly short period of time. 

So Question 2: Is it technically feasible to live completely in the ocean without using any land whatsoever?

The amount of money and attention we put in science is laughable, if not downright pathetic at best. Look back at the technological progress during the wars. Crisis encourages science. 

Now, on to the slow climate change. Let's say the frequency of tornadoes, cyclone, hurricanes, environmental disasters increases drastically. A lot of damage that natural disasters cause is because we are ill prepared for them. Look at Japan, they get crazy earth quakes but most of the time walk unscathed since they have earth quake resistant buildings and stuff. Of course, disasters like Fukushima happen but they are hardly civilization destroying. Also, almost everyone agrees it was handled poorly. Better communication, safety control would have helped a lot. So, when environment change occur, a lot of people die because of natural disasters but eventually things will rebound and governments will invest in infrastructure to make things same. Probably the poor African/Asian nations will die but....yeah fuck them.

So Question 3: Is it possible to cyclone/earthquake/flood proof your building if money isn't an issue? 

So, I just think that saving is not in our nature. We are not supposed to be conservatives. Let's say we fuck earth bad. Then, won't it just encourage us to improve geo-engineering of other planets, invest in space travel, invest in whatever condition we find ourselves in? Don't think about individual human suffering. Think about humanity as a WHOLE.

tld;dr: Yeah, climate change is happening. Why is it so scary?

Summary:
So now, here is my question.
So, I just think that saving is not in our nature.
I know it is getting warmer and I know it is because of us.
So Question 1: How likely is that we won't even get a few weeks warning of ice caps melting/flooding the earth?
