Original Response:
I have a general understanding of photons as the "force carrier" for light but is that for ALL waves of light(visible or otherwise)?
Is that fact or theory and in the case that it is fact what do our theories about the properties of the photons say?
I also have heard that Light is too blunt an instrument to see on the atomic level and smaller, is that true for visible light only like could we use x-rays or something to view atoms in the future?
Photons are light. Quantum mechanics says everything exists in discrete, individual levels, and photons are the discrete, individual energy packets that light exists as. Additionally, all forces are mediated by some particle. For the electromagnetic force, this mediator particle is also photons.

For this, think about shaking some charged particle. This causes a change in the electric field in an area, so another particle may experience a force. The changing field lines 'ripple' away from the charged particle, like a wave. In fact the changing electric field creates a changing magnetic field, so you have made an electromagnetic wave, or a photon! These photons conveniently carry the force. Perhaps someone could elaborate on how this works, because I haven't done any Quantum Field Theory, but that is at least a bit of an understanding of how this works.

For your other question, to see at small scales, you need light of a smaller wavelength than what you want to image. Think now, somewhat incorrectly, of light as bullets. You are firing bullets at an object and detecting the ones that pass through. If your bullets are bigger than the object, the object becomes inconsequential, and the entire bullet gets smeared on the detector, so you don't see much (in fact, the light wave diffracts around the object - some techniques I think try to look at the diffraction pattern and rebuild an image, but that is a bit more than needed for the question). If you use really small bullets, smaller than the object, some of them hit the object and stop, whilst others go through and create a silhouette of the object, and you get an image. In a similar way, light that has a smaller wavelength (think, bullet size) than the object can be used to take images, but light with long wavelengths cannot.

To view atoms, you need a really small wavelength, but also a good camera for the rays. Things like x-rays or gamma-rays could be used, but sometimes it is better to use electrons, which behave like waves sometimes,  or even a neutral atom like helium, which also can behave like a wave sometimes. Electron microscopes are really good at taking pictures of very small things.
Thanks :)
To your first question: physics doesn't distinguish qualitatively between visible light and other wavelengths. Only our eyes do :)
This is an incredibly important point in a lot of concepts (i will relate to EMR in the following example).  Electromagnetic radiation photons differ in energy/wavelength (intrinsically related) and our definitions of 'visible light' and the various colors only human made - and somewhat arbitrary - words representing what the average individual experiences.  [Energy/wavelength relationship is seen here - visible light is only our human description of the small fraction of EMR we pull with out eyes](https://www.cfa.harvard.edu/~jbattat/a35/wavelength_color.html)
&gt;could we use x-rays or something to view atoms in the future?


We already do that now. We use x-rays to measure the structure of crystals, because the typical distance between two atoms in a crystal lattice is lower than the wavelength of visible light. Blue light has the lowest wavelength, about 400nm, but the distances in crystals are typically 10-100nm, which is pretty much the wavelength of x-rays.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X-ray_crystallography
[deleted]

Summary:
For the electromagnetic force, this mediator particle is also photons.
Think now, somewhat incorrectly, of light as bullets.
For your other question, to see at small scales, you need light of a smaller wavelength than what you want to image.
