Original Response:
Ph.D. student here.  Several of my co-workers are religious.  I think for them the science enriches their faith.  It's not a simple "God did it, so we don't have to figure it out."  But more of a "God did it, and I'd like to figure out how."
You stupid idiot - most of the scientists that have ever lived, were deists. 

Keep this partisan crap out of /r/askscience (although it's reddit so I fully expect asslickers to upvote this nonsense).
[deleted]
I doubt that most degree-holding scientists believe in the typical Christian interpretation of God, i.e., an old bearded man sitting up in heaven answering prayers, or any other super-specific image proffered by other religions. For example, most scientists don't believe in intelligent design, because there are simpler, natural mechanisms to explain the differentiation of species. However, that doesn't mean that they don't believe in what *they* might refer to as God. 

In general, science answers "how" things work, and how we can discover knowledge. Answering "why" things are, and giving fundamental meaning to its discoveries are more in the philosophy of science/philosophy/metaphysics realm of human understanding. The belief in a higher meaning, an intangible being that one might call God is not incompatible with the mechanisms science uses to discover knowledge. For example, you can be an early-universe physicist studying the big bang and inflation and try to understand how these models gave rise to the physical phenomena we can observe today, and at the same time you can hold the belief that a higher, unobserved power actually set things in motion. 

Most folks who claim to be religious are not the zealots and fanatics that make the headlines all the time, and they do not believe in a word-for-word literary interpretation of their religious texts. Most use religion as a mechanism for spirituality and as a way to give meaning to their lives and endeavors. This is the category I believe most scientists fall into. 

In other words, the belief in God, or a higher power, if you define it in a reasonable way, can completely coexist with modern scientific technique.
I fully realise that most scientists have been deists (although I doubt that they were degree-qualified). I am inferring an evolution of knowledge about the world in general, and scientific knowledge in particular. Thank you for such a poilte relpy, by the way.
I've got my masters in biochem, work in a neurodegeneration lab.  Personally, I believe in God but I also don't take the Bible literally.  I believe in evolution. I don't believe the world is 6,000 yrs old (or whatever most Christians say).  I think that God and science do not contradict each other (in the way I view them) and can go in sync.  I.e: Bible says the world was created in 7 days, I say that isn't to be taken literally and it was much much much longer than that and can be in line with current theories of the earth/universe was created.  

Not hear to argue etc, just my two cents.
btw, this is a bullshit statistic that doesn't belong in /r/askscience either.
Are you a moron? Are you seriously stupid enough to dispute that fact? LOL
"most of the scientists that have ever lived, were deists."


...again, complete and utter B.S.

I think you're late for church.
I don't go to church. Keep proving yourself to be an idiot :D
Regardless of your statistic of most scientists being deists, it still stands that some scientists are religious, I know several practicing christians in condensed matter physics.  Therefore, even though my evidence is anecdotal, the OP has a valid question.

Summary:
I don't go to church.
"most of the scientists that have ever lived, were deists."
However, that doesn't mean that they don't believe in what *they* might refer to as God.
This is the category I believe most scientists fall into.
