Original Response:
I have a friend who watches too much History channel.  We had a discussion about the possibility that aliens visited ancient people.  I dismissed it as non-sense and was able to explain why a lot of the "evidence" was just silly.  He pointed to the mountains near Nazca in Peru, though, and I wasn't able to give a good enough explanation.  I can't find anything good enough with googling.  

Basically there are small plateaus that are surrounded by regular looking mountain tops.  There isn't rubble around them.  The ancient alien people say this shows some advanced civilization apparently flattened them and then disposed of the dirt.  I assume they were either naturally created or maybe the people who made the Nazca lines flattened them for more room to draw.  

Can anyone explain how they were formed for me?

Edit:  Here is an album showing some pictures.  Searching for info on the Nazca lines or the Palpa mountains will show hundreds of web-sites that say it could only have been aliens.  I feel I have a sufficient debunk for the lines I just need a better explanation for the flat mountain tops.

http://imgur.com/a/JrpNc#0
Is [this](http://reporteroo.info/nazca_lines.htm) what you're referring to? It's a poor picture but I don't see anything to indicate that it is artificially flat-topped. It looks more like a rectangular shape on top of a naturally relatively flat top.
Had a look on Google Earth - Those look like colluvial fan-deltas grading into a braided river-plain to me. Basically a blanket of debris spread out in the valley floor or an arid area at the base of a bunch of mountains by erosion.

You can even see a bunch of feeder streamlets crossing the panamerican highway.

So it is flattish, and sloped to the WSW overall, not level mind you, as a result of the interplay of gravity and erosion. You'll find similar facies at the base of just about any cordilleran type mountain range, in the Yukon for instance, or the Himmalaya.
Yeah the last picture on that site is one often linked on the UFO conspiracy sites.  Can you give me a layman's terms explanation?  It seems to me that the area was all one big plateau that has been eroded into mountains.  The flat ones always seem to be taller than surrounding mountains.
I think I almost understand this.  Are you saying a river dried making a plain, then that plain was carved into mountains by erosion, leaving some tops still flat?
almost. I'm saying the Nazca lines are traced over a flat deposit of debris at the base of a bunch of mountains.

This flat layer of debris was formed by rivers which carried the sediment there.

I'm also saying that the processes at work are quite obvious from satelite imagery, and common in arid mountain chains.
I have seen the flood plains you are talking about but I am talking about raised plateaus.  They look to me like they used to also be plains that eroded in to mountains now that they have been pushed up higher.  

http://i.imgur.com/QFrwX.jpg

In that photo I see low plains and one raised flat area.  I think the raised one is naturally formed.  I am asking how.  Was the whole area a plain that as almost washed away.  It looks like the top of that mountain is the only remaining piece of a large flat area.
[deleted]
The highest-most looks like as perched valley from that angle. However, that perched valley is only a very small area of the whole pictogram complex. Most are on the surrounding fluviatile sediments (what you call low plains), at a somewhat lesser altitude.

Summary:
I think the raised one is naturally formed.
It looks like the top of that mountain is the only remaining piece of a large flat area.
It seems to me that the area was all one big plateau that has been eroded into mountains.
Basically there are small plateaus that are surrounded by regular looking mountain tops.
