Original Response:
It's called the equatorial bulge, and is the result of the spinning of the earth on its axis.  While gravity tends to pull the earth into a spherical shape, the earth is also rotating, and centrifugal force acts to try and form a more oblong shape--the result is a bulge at the equator.
[deleted]
I'll be the teensiest bit pedantic and expand on what "centrifugal force" actually means here, since it's a fictitious product of a non-inertial frame of reference.  Essentially, to keep something moving in circular motion (that is, spinning along with the surface of the earth), a force needs to act on that object that causes a change in direction of its velocity.  This is called a centripetal (center-seeking) force, and it always acts toward the center of the radial (circular) motion.

The centripetal force is proportional to the square of the velocity of the object moving in circular motion, and inversely proportional to the radius.  Visualize two people standing on the earth - one in the Yukon, and another on the equator.  As the earth spins, the two people spin around with it and draw "lines" - the one further towards the pole will draw a smaller circle, and the one at the equator will draw a larger one.  Since it takes the same time for both circular paths to be traveled through, the velocity is significantly higher for the equatorial lady than it will for the arctic dude since he has to travel through more distance.

They both experience the same force from gravity, and gravitational acceleration "contributes" to centripetal acceleration in both cases.  But more of gravity "contributes" to centripetal acceleration in the case of Ms. Equator than for Mr. Yukon.  So the remaining acceleration is the effective acceleration observed by the two Physics students.  Since more acceleration is observed by Mr. Yukon, there is also more force exerted on the mass, and the result is that the Earth is pinched from a sphere to an oblate spheroid - the bulge you refer to.
[deleted]
It doesn't actually exist - centrifugal force is the product of observing in an accelerating frame of reference.  The answer cass314 gave is adequate but brief - I gave a little more detail.
Sorry if this is a double post; Reddit appears to have eaten my first one.

Thanks for the additional information.  And to be clear, I leave this not to tease you, because you gave useful information, but because it's my favorite: [Centrifugal force](http://xkcd.com/123/).
Thank you so much for your explanation! That cleared a lot of things up!
On a semi related note, in high school a teacher said the earth had bulged when it was covered during the ice age. It that any true?
Not at all.
There is a similar bulge perpendicular to the axis of rotation on other astronomical bodies as well. Gravity pulls sufficiently massive bodies into spheres and rotation produces a centrifugal force (see the actual definition of this that LewdLousLoo posted) which deforms said bodies into an oblate spheroid. A higher rate of rotation results in a larger equatorial bulge.

Summary:
It's called the equatorial bulge, and is the result of the spinning of the earth on its axis.
It doesn't actually exist - centrifugal force is the product of observing in an accelerating frame of reference.
