Original Response:
For reference: the [video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIj0oW-tTF4&amp;feature=related) that spawned this question.
Sure, you can view a one-dimensional [edit: and even 0 dimensional] object so long as it exudes a force in our common 3(4?) dimensions.

An existence proof's an electron, [which is quite possibly a single point particle](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/mcb8g/how_is_it_that_we_know_an_electrons_mass_but_not/); but electrons (in bonds) is pretty much the main thing we see anywhere.
[deleted]
[deleted]
What would the object be made out of?  Any material would have mass and each particle exists as a 3D object at some level of magnification
A single point is zero dimensional.
This is exactly the logic behind my question.  If everything at the most basic level is made of atoms/subatomic particles that (to my knowledge) are three dimensional, how is it any more possible for us to visualize a one dimensional object than it is to visualize a four dimensional object.
I think we might "view" it the same way we "view" a black hole.  That is, we see the effects of such an object on the observable universe around us.  But I would love to hear from someone with actual knowledge, im just conjecturing at this point.
Thanks so much for that link!  Much appreciated.
&gt;It's now one dimensional, technically.

You are wrong. He is talking about a truly one-dimensional object. Not an object that appears one dimensional. Just because you might perceive a 1d object, doesn't mean it isn't any less 3d than something right in front of you. 

Personally, I don't think it is possible to have a one dimensional object in 3d space. I'm not even sure if it makes any sense that any physical spacial dimensions besides 3d even exists.
It is more possible to visualize because dimensions like 1 and 2 are a simplification of real world dimensions. It is much harder to visualize something more complicated, especially if a fourth dimension is not possible in this physical space.
exactly, a point can not take up any space, or else it would be measurable in 3 dimensions.
The conducting edge edge of a topologically insulating two-dimensional electron gas.
Yes.  To me, one dimension necessitates a second, and a second necessitates a third.  This is strictly my own reasoning though.  I'm definitely hoping for a solid answer from somebody.  :-)
So the observer has to be one dimension higher to perceive the lower ones?
I thought our fourth dimension was time.
EVERY object is truly one dimensional, we are just able to view it in other dimensions as well.  i.e. we are all three dimensional, but our four dimensional selves exist; we just only perceive three dimensions of it. So when you talk about a "one dimensional" object, you're just referring to an object that views itself in one dimension...but it could still exist in three.
We can see *projections* of objects in other dimensions.

Drawings on paper are projections of 2D dimensions. Likewise, a line is a projection of 1 dimension.
Time is certainly a kind of fourth dimension, though it doesn't seem to work in quite the same way as the spatial dimensions that the OP seems to be thinking of.

However, you're right, it's quite reasonable to claim that everything around us is four-dimensional. Though it's quite possible to dilly-dally on the meaning of 'view' and 'truly'.
I have to disagree with this. 0, 1, and 2 dimensional objects are theoretical. Even the point at the end of this sentence has at least 3 dimensions. We can draw representations of them to help ourselves understand the higher dimensions, but they cannot exist anymore than half an apple can exist. That is to say, we place meaning on what an apple is in order for half of it to be determined, but there is no natural law governing humanities definitions of such things. Even our math itself is flawed.
No, a single point isn't zero dimensional. It *would* be if such a thing existed though.
Don't think of 2D and 3D as having their own separate realities. 1D is a component of 2D, which is a component of 3D. Every image you ever see is composed of an infinite number of 1D locations. Any 1D location that happens to have an object in it contains a 1D object, which accumulate and coordinate into a 2D object and up.

Basically, were you to dissect a 3D object, you would find 2D objects composing it, and 1D objects composing those.

Summary:
We can see *projections* of objects in other dimensions.
Personally, I don't think it is possible to have a one dimensional object in 3d space.
It *would* be if such a thing existed though.
EVERY object is truly one dimensional, we are just able to view it in other dimensions as well.
Not an object that appears one dimensional.
