Original Response:
Here is the A Universe From Nothing lecture by Lawrence Krauss that gets submitted on reddit occasionally:  http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/a-universe-from-nothing-lecture/

Here's my amateur's take on the implications of a flat universe. Please, let me know whether I'm making sense: 
In a flat universe, it's possible for there to be infinite mass and infinite space if the universe is expanding, because, due to relativity, all the mass that is far enough away would be moving away from us faster than the speed of light and all of that mass would not be observable or have any affect on us in any way. It would be as if that mass doesn't exist for us. That leaves only a finite amount of mass that is not moving away from us faster than the speed of light, which is our observable universe, which is finite in both mass and spatial extent. So it's possible that the 'actual' universe is infinite in space and mass while our observable universe is finite in both ways.

Another thing I was thinking about is Krauss' picture of the future of the universe, combined with his picture of the beginning of the universe.  As he said, if you have nothing, then you'll get something because of quantum fluctuations, so I believe he's saying that quantum fluctuations are what created the universe from nothing.  Now on to the future of the universe when galaxies get so far apart that all galaxies are moving away from each other faster than the speed of light, and so as far as any observer could then tell, only the galaxy that is around the observer exists. Now consider the empty space between the galaxies.  In that space, if all galaxies are moving away from the empty space faster than the speed of light, it would be as if there was absolutely nothing in the universe at all from the 'point of view' of that empty space.  Now, isn't that the same situation that we were at at the beginning of the universe?  So if the conditions are the same, shouldn't the outcome be the same?  Shouldn't we expect quantum fluctuations to create more universes from nothing?  So what we end up with as a picture of our universe is an ever-expanding universe in which matter keeps spreading out more and more, but in which more universes keep popping up within the empty spaces, albeit perhaps only when they are so far away that we can't notice them.  Does that make sense?

Summary:
Now consider the empty space between the galaxies.
