Original Response:
My understanding of the drug discovery process is that we first try out these drugs on animals like mice and if the drugs are successful then we go up the evolutionary chain and test them on animals like monkeys and finally when these tests are also successful we test the drugs on humans. Is this accurate? 

If so, what are the reasons why some drugs might appear work on rats but not humans? Hopefully the answer will more specific than rats are different to humans, that's why.
fairly accurate.  We can induce diseases in mice.  We can genetically alter them to have deletions in their genes to gain or lose important regulatory proteins.  So once a mouse has been engineered to develop a certain disease, we can use multiples of them to test how a disease responds to a therapy.  Do the mouse die from it?  Does the disease respond?  Does the disease advance?  We can look at kidneys and livers and try to guess what would happen to our own organs designed to filter/metabolize away toxins.

Some drugs probably can work for animals and not humans only because we would not subject humans to the concentrations that they subject animals to.  At some point the therapy is toxic to humans.
Pretty cool. Thanks!

Are there any other reasons? Any fundamental biological differences between mice and humans?
We have different gene expression.  You could list the thousands of genes we have that mice do not have and vice versa.  I believe mice and humans basically have similar physiology in the way of the liver and kidneys to filter and metabolize drugs.  But since we do have different gene expressions, that means we have different protein/enzyme -producing capabilities.  Mice are used because they are easy to reproduce and handle.
There is no need to go up the evolutionary chain. Drug discovery mostly chooses a set of models that most closely resemble the disease most easily and cheaply. The most valid uses of animals is for toxicology, of which the cardiac safety is usually done on dogs. The idea is to have the best possible compound before you spend the real money on the clinical trials. 

Going up the evolutionary chain is not really feasible. monkey studies are not really allowed and this method is not exactly intuitive as you think - how do you know the species lineage is moving closer to the human disease in a predictable manner? Animal models are just there as part of a pool of evidence to think your drug is worth a punt.

The reasons drugs might appear to work on rats and not humans is, IMHO, because rats and humans are of course different! I am disinclined to believe in most animal models (particularly CNS) and only think of them as tools, not a predictor for clinical efficacy in humans.

Have a read at the articles here:

http://www.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/the_mouse_trap.html
Okay, so as someone with some pretty close ties to the pharmaceutical industry....

It's not because rats are different to humans. Certainly not in that very simple sense. Yes, there are some specific examples where the odd chemical does something radically different in a different species, but in general that is not the case.

The problem starts because we don't actually understand what causes the disease. If you look at the top 20 most commonly prescribed meds, and what they are to treat, we can infer about what diseases we have. Lets exclude the antibiotics, because they are the single best drug we've ever come up with, and practically the only one that actually cures you. We don't know why: you get cholesterol build up around your coronary arteries (shit we don't even really know how statins work) or why you get type II diabetes or cripplingly high blood pressure or get depression or get anxiety disorder. We don't know why you schizophrenia. You name it. Hard to come up with cures for stuff you don't know the primary reason for.

The next problem is because the animals don't HAVE the disease we're trying to cure. If we want to model "heart attacks" we thread little threads around coronary arteries. This is not the same as the long term alterations seen in real cardiac disease. To model depression we do things like, see how long a mouse will swim in an inescapable tank, before it just floats. Is this depression? Cancer, we inject cancer cell lines. etc etc etc.... There are almost no diseases that we share with experimental animals. Hence we induce models. And the models aren't perfect.

We also get into stupid model "loops". Lets say we know Drug X cures depression. A new drug company comes along as wants their own version of drug X. What they do, is they inject lots of mice with drug X, and see what they do. Someone notices, that when mice are on Drug X, if they are exposed to bright light, the itch there left ear, or some other strange behaviour. Now they say "we will screen new compounds for the light induced left ear itch"... if they make animals itch their ear, we think they might be a new antidepressant. I shit you not, stuff like that happens. And it often works. But what you will get is another compound that does pretty much exactly what drug X does. So it doesn't advance our understanding, or treat the disease better. It's just an equivalent drug.

There are also plenty of examples of bad application of models. We have plenty of pretty good models for stroke. Suddenly blocking off an artery to the brain, is very similar to a spontaneous human stroke. However, scientists very often give the drug designed to protect against stroke, BEFORE they block of the artery. And the drug works, the stroke isn't as bad. However, that's not what happens in real life. Someone turns up in the hospital after the stroke has happened. And why do scientists do this? Because it is hard to publish a study that says "my drug does nothing", so they tilt the initial conditions to make it more likely to see something.

I could rant on and on...

TL;DR. Drugs fail because we don't understand what cause the disease to begin with. We have bad animal models for the disease we are trying to treat and we apply those models poorly.

Summary:
We can induce diseases in mice.
It's not because rats are different to humans.
If so, what are the reasons why some drugs might appear work on rats but not humans?
We have different gene expression.
Lets say we know Drug X cures depression.
And the drug works, the stroke isn't as bad.
We don't know why you schizophrenia.
