Original Response:
what kind of love are you talking about? Love means too many things to different people
well it certainly made us better suited to taking care of our families, our children, our spouses (whatever that was back then) 

If we didnt give a shit our species wouldnt have lasted long. 

Love is a mechanism of giving a shit, of bonding to an individual for support and companionship in living a hard dangerous life. 

Caring for clan individuals is not merely a human experience either. 

Social caring and pair bonding is a Critical portion of many mammalian lives.
While this isn't exactly the human definition of love, it's related.  Males that release oxytocin during copulation are more likely to guard their mates, meaning that the female won't have the chance to mate with other males.  This is a plus for the male, who will know that all offspring the female produces are his, as well as for the female, who receives protection and extra resources throughout her pregnancy and nursing period.  I'm thinking of a certain study on prairie voles that I read a few years ago.  It may or may not be [this one](http://psycnet.apa.org/psycinfo/1995-43085-001).

Edit: Vasopressin is the active hormone in male voles, not oxytocin.  Sorry.
I read years ago about woman who married the Eiffel tower out of love. Though this isn't the exact article, this one seems to tell the whole story.http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/howaboutthat/2074301/Woman-with-objects-fetish-marries-Eiffel-Tower.html 

Edit- I just thought of Dr. Helen Fisher and her research into the 3 stages of love. http://www.youramazingbrain.org/lovesex/sciencelove.htm

It's an extremely interesting, but what her research implies is that first love is lust and is purely chemical. The second stage is attraction and is the honeymoon period, roughly 2 years give and take. This is the point where love is exciting and you're still getting to know each other.  After that feelings for the couple move into a different part of the brain into the attachment period and makes the relationship more comfortable so that children can be reared.  Her research seems to put a biological and evolutionary perspective on love. 

I find it interesting that many relationships seem to fail at the 2 year mark. Almost as if they can't move from attraction to attachment. Perhaps humanity is just going through a series of auditions to find the right mate in order to further our species.
Humans have no natural, physical superiority. All our strength comes from our intellect and social co-operation. From a cold, evolutionary, gains/losses standpoint, love is simply a strong reinforcer to get individuals to co-operate more and more often.

Summary:
I find it interesting that many relationships seem to fail at the 2 year mark.
Love means too many things to different people.
