Original Response:
I have a friend who is allergic, and it is my life's dream to one day share a P.B and J or a Reese's cup with him. how long will i be waiting for that to occur safely?
When it comes to allergies which are over-reactive immune responses, there's no simple "cure". There are treatments for when you get an attack, sure. But if you want to get rid of the allergy as a whole you have to manipulate the cells that are part of the immune response, and this would require (most likely, not sure) some form on DNA manipulation (aka gene therapy). 

This technology is not perfected yet so you might have to dream on for a while longer

*Edit: As ohpuic mentioned, there are desensitization programs which pretty much just involves giving the person with allergies increasingly larger doses of whatever he/she is allergic to in order to build up a tolerance. If you trust wikipedia as a reliable enough source then there is some info to be read upon here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allergy#Treatment
in the future, if two parents are both allergic to peanut butter, there is a very small chance that child will not (very very small). if the parents have ivf, they may be able to choose a child who wont be allergic be looking at the genes of the child
There are desensitization programs, but I'm not sure how well they work. And even in the best case scenario the relief will be temporary. He could start on that and share a PB&amp;J sandwich with you and go back to his usual self after a while.
Back in the day (not sure when), when most babies were breastfed exclusively for at least a year, pediatricians passed out a very strict list of first foods including how, when, and in what order to introduce them. I'm guessing there weren't tons of commercially prepared baby foods at the time, so those first foods were probably prepared fresh at home. I know within my circle of friends with kids, it's not unusual at all to see an 8 month old being handed bits of pizza. So my question would be, did the pediatricians from 50 or 60 years ago know something about foods that we're blatantly disregarding now, and could this possibly have something to do with the proliferation of food allergic kids? Was the strict food introduction schedule to prevent allergies or just to prevent death from allergies at a time when medicine wasn't as capable of saving someone?
[http://www.cuh.org.uk/addenbrookes/news/2009/feb/peanut_allergy.html](http://www.cuh.org.uk/addenbrookes/news/2009/feb/peanut_allergy.html)

Looking at that, it seems we're getting there. Thank goodness! I, too, have lethal nut allergy.
Is is only peanuts that he's allergic to or nuts in general?  Because cashew butter is fkn delicious.

Edit: Yeah I totally blanked out on the fact that nuts =\= peanuts.  Derp.
My cousin is allergic to eggs and he plans on doing that so he can eat his wedding cake.
Since peanuts are legumes and not nuts, I am not sure how it could be "nuts in general" unless its psychosomatic....
[deleted]
How about dog allergies? I'd love to be able to go to my family's houses and hang out for more than 20 minutes without getting sick.
Wouldn't peanuts themselves be the cure for the allergies? Constant exposure to peanuts would build immunity?
Russians have been using this practice for years, I remember watching some docu on it, and as I recall it was very very effective.
Excuse me for this somewhat off-topic question, but there seem to be injection therapies for those, like me, with hay fever (allergic rhinitis). Do you know anything about that? Because I've heard that some people that did use it have had relief for years.
I don't have many friends, but that life's dream still makes plenty of sense to me. Also, this is not science.
I have both a peanut and tree nut allergy. Cashews are much more dangerous than peanuts for me as well.
[deleted]
Peanut allergy patient here: Even if there is a cure, at least for me, eating a PB&amp;J is out of the question, there's just too much of a mental link. I tried my damndest a few years ago to eat sunflower butter sandwiches and the feeling, even though it was safe, was just too weird for me.
Peanut desensitization programs in the U.S. and various other countries (or oral immunotherapy, as they are also known) are still very much in the trial phase. There has been some widespread success and it looks very promising but it's not advised by the medical community for these treatments to be given outside of clinical trials quite yet. Like any other clinical trial, there is no telling when exactly it will be available to the public, but it will be a while.

Here is a paper if you're interested:

Paper: [Oral immunotherapy for the treatment of peanut allergy: systematic review of six case series studies](http://www.thepcrj.org/journ/view_article.php?article_id=851)
My wife to be better enjoy a gluten free cake.
Or you can get a cake baked without eggs....
[deleted]
I'm prepared for this to be downvoted, but I'm actually curious as to what askscience thinks of this:

A friend of mine "cured" his peanut allergy by eating a peanut a day for more than a year, then slowly started eating more.

It's anecdotal, so take it with a large grain of salt.  I trust myself and my friend, but this is the internet, so that doesn't mean you should trust me or my friend. That said, it really did work for him.
Yup. Many use bananas as the binding compound instead.. Delicious!
[deleted]
Many if not most of the people allergic to peanuts are also allergic to true nuts. This could just be that if you are prone to one kind of food allergy you are prone to multiple kinds or they they could be directly related.
Allergies are an immune response and are an intrinsic part of each individual's body.  There are specific immune cells (out of a subset of the larger immune system) in the body that react against the peanut allergen.  Because these cells are shaped both by genetics and by the environment (especially while developing in early childhood), there is no single answer or "cure" for allergies.  Gene therapy likely won't work because of the environmental component that contributed to the development of the allergy, and also because targeting to specific immune cells that are reactive against the peanut allergens is impossible.  You would have to suppress a good part of the entire immune system.

Although I don't claim to be an expert on the aforementioned tolerance programs, I'm not sure about them and I think they sound dangerous.  Every time you encounter the same allergen, your body should react more strongly and produce a worse allergic reaction.  This is because every time you have a reaction, the body retains memory cells specific to that allergen and allows it to react more quickly the next time you see it.

The only way for us to treat allergies (for the foreseeable future) is to treat the symptoms of an allergic reaction; there is no way to "cure" the allergy.  I guess if you *really* want to share that PBJ, depending on how allergic he is, get an epi-pen or be ready to call an ambulance.
[deleted]
This may be a silly question, but do people with AIDS suffer from any severe allergies at all? If they had, say, a severe peanut allergy beforehand, would it lessen in severity after contracting AIDS?
I have a lethal egg allergy and just had french toast this morning!  Btw if anyone reads this and wants some egg free recipes without crazy stuff in it, pm me!  I didnt realize how good a lot of easy stuff is by using simple, normal replacements.
[deleted]
Thats not how it works and this is a ridiculous proposition to give anyone who has a serious food allergy.
What you're looking for is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allergen_immunotherapy

I know a little bit about the process (I'm in my third and hopefully final year of treatment for allergic rhinitis) but I'm not a doctor so I can't answer many questions on the scientific side of it.
Not sure why you're being downvoted. That's essentially what the desensitization procedures in clinical trial are, just with very carefully portioned and doctor-supervised "constant exposure."
Bananas, flax seed, or a product some grocery stores sell called egg replacer.
So you're saying it's a bananabread... cake?

This. Changes. Everything!
French toast without egg is almost like an omelette without an egg... what did you use?
Another way of egg replacement in baking is using flax seeds. For one egg's worth take 1 heaping tablespoon of flax seeds with 3 tablespoons water and blend for a few seconds in a blender.
[deleted]
See KeScoBo's response
You use banana in place of egg.  You blend up banana, milk, and cinnamon.  Then you dip the bread in that on both sides and make as normal.
That's really interesting! Thanks a bunch for your time.
[deleted]
Im a vegan so I'm very accustomed to replacements. When I feel like going on a junk food binge my favourite thing to make is vegan popcorn chicken... Tastes just like KFC!!
Same here. My family purchased a Soy-nut butter substitute that looks and smells exactly like peanut butter, but eating it was one of the strangest experiences of my life. My heart was racing and I was on the verge of a panic attack, and all the while I was telling myself mentally "no, this is okay, this is safe", but I still wouldn't be able to eat it comfortably after so many years of training myself to avoid that specific smell and taste.
&gt; HIV infects a subset of T-cells (T-cells are a group of cells part of the immune system that have several functions) called CD4+ T cells (regulatory T-cell). Allergies are a response mediated by another subset of T-cells called helper T cells.

This is not correct. HIV infects CD4+ T-cells, which includes T regulatory cells AND T-helper cells. In addition, there are subsets of T-helper cells, and the induction of allergies is mediated by a Th2 type response. However, once you have an allergy, the symptoms are predominantly mediated by antibodies, which are produced by B-cells, so killing off CD4 T-cells is unlikely to have much of an impact.
Please see [my reply](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/nymk4/how_far_are_we_from_a_cure_of_peanut_allergies/c3d0e44) to the comment above.
No mast cells are the ones responsible for histamine release and anaphylactic allergies. AIDS affects CD4+ Helper T-cells and to a lesser extent macrophages and cytotoxic T-cells.
There are plenty of products like sunflower seed butter and almond butter that are pretty good replacements. SunButter and Barney Butter (almond) are two that are guaranteed peanut-free. There are even products like [Sun Cups](http://www.amazon.com/Sun-Cups-Sunflower-Chocolate-1-5-Ounce/dp/B003GRUT3W) that emulate Reese's pretty well. Almond butter is healthier than peanut butter - the fatty acid composition is better.

Many people who are allergic to nuts and peanuts are not allergic to almonds; they are drupes, not nuts.
Can anyone comment on why we see so many more cases of peanut allergies now?  Is it better diagnosis,  or is it some other reason?  

I always hear people claim that "back in their day, people didn't have peanut allergies,  and now everyone has an epi-pen"   What happened?
This is likely because his allergy was not lethal enough to kill him in one dose, as in the case of [anaphylaxis](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/PMH0001847/), which is the reaction that happens to me if I consume even a trace of nut protein. Such a desensitization-type cure would never work for me or anyone else with a severe enough allergy.
These sensitization therapies are a bit hit-or-miss. Some people respond a lot, some people respond a little, and some people don't respond at all.

I believe nut allergies are too severe to use this type of treatment. Effectively what they're doing is injecting small bits of the allergen that's the problem in an attempt to teach your immune system to ignore it. This is a bad idea if the injection will send you into anaphylaxis.
[deleted]
There is an experimental treatment for allergies which involves hookworms or whipworms. Not sure if that would help and no american doctor would prescribe it.
I hear that [helminthic](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helminthic_therapy) therapy looks promising.
There was just an article that was published where they showed success mediating the overactive immune response in Crohns disease by using a novel molecule created in the lab. I would imaging, though my understanding of immune system response is fairly entry level, that a similar approach could be used to mediate the allergic response to peanuts. It is more difficult with allergies than with auto-immune disease, but it isn't necessary to use gene therapy, instead you can use a synthetic molecule that fits into the antibodies to deactivate them. Just a thought.
Some people with peanut allergies can have severe allergic reactions even from smelling peanuts. Tasting is out of the question.
[deleted]
Hm, just going off of one lecture in an graduate immunology course, by no means an expert.  But your immune system consists of a bunch of different kinds of cells: B cells that produce antibodies and T cells that primarily recruit other cells into the area of infection.  Even T cells can be split up into different kinds of T-cells: CD4's that are responsible for signaling to other cells and activating them or CD8s that are responsible for destroying virally infected cells.  And even then, CD4's can be split up into different kinds of cells: Th1, Th2, Th17, Treg (possibly more that haven't been discovered) which are responsible for recruiting different kinds of cells to the site of infection based on the kind of pathogen that your body is infected with.  They release different kinds of signals (cytokines) into your body.

It's been suggested that for much of history, our bodies have retained a specific balance of Th1 and Th2 cells.  However, in the last half century, the environment (industrialization, diet, sanitation) has encouraged the tipping of the balance towards an excess of Th2 cells.  Th2 cells play a role in recruiting and activating the type of cell responsible for triggering allergic reactions, essentially making our body more sensitized to allergens than it would have been if we retained the Th1/Th2 balance.

The immune system is pretty amazing because unlike most other systems, the environment plays a huge role in shaping the kind of cells available in the body.  So it's not particularly surprising that we see the effects of environment on this system much faster than we would have in the case of evolution which would probably take centuries to show up.
[deleted]
Surely there's a correlation between the amount of allergen and the reaction though, right? Can't they start with a super low dose?
[deleted]
&gt;Surely there's a correlation between the amount of allergen and the reaction though, right?

Yes, the trouble is the *way* this therapy (sometimes) works, which I've glossed over a bit. In order to have a therapeutic effect, you need to elicit an immune response, but it needs to be a tolerizing response instead of an inflammatory one. The trouble with severe allergies is that if you get a low enough dose to avoid a negative reaction, you won't have enough to effectively tolerize either.

Edit: to clarify, it's not only dose that matters, it's also site of injection and what other signals are present in the shot. There's a chance we'll one day learn enough about what the immune system reacts to and how to make this possible, we're just not there yet.
http://www.jimmunol.org/content/early/2011/10/04/jimmunol.1100608.abstract

This paper that came out in October seems promising, as well. (It's a link to its abstract).
its because people dont spend time outside in the sun and around beneficial microbes anymore
This is true. I am allergic to raw carrots, but technically I can eat cooked ones. I don't even eat cooked ones because I get a placebo reaction.
Is it true most people found to have some form of allergies (ie. peanut, strawberry etc) are predominantly found in the US? Also how does one found out that one is allergic to some food; especially when it's the lethal kind. 
I always picture mom feeding sample of food with one hand and with an epi-pen on the other. Sorry if these questions sound dumb but I came from Asia and food allergies are so uncommon. At least I never met anyone that has any (sampling might be small since I am a redditor)
Well [it's mostly genetic](http://www.webmd.com/allergies/news/20000725/genes-cause-most-peanut-allergies) so I suppose one kind of cure would be to take the warning labels off things. I'm not sure that's the kind of final solution you were looking for though...
Desensitization programs do not help for food allergies.


Source: I'm taking an allergy desensitization program.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Take allergy shots. [Read this](http://www.webmd.com/allergies/guide/shots), it provides a lot of useful information. I've noticed great results after 6 months.
Mind explaining why? Some people allergic to peanuts are so sensitive they can get an allergic reaction from just the particles in the air. How is this different from say hay particles or pollen?
That's a good question. I was thinking the same thing.
Technically speaking a complete bone marrow transplant procedure would cure you of any allergies your previous T-Cells were sensitized to while making you susceptible to any allergies of the donor. Obviously the risks involved don't make it worthwhile.
That is like... Colombian toast.

Now I must try this someday when I have some extra bananas.
How would you know?
Is that all? Well shit sign me up.
Unlikely.  The cells responsible for mediating allergic reactions are IgE class B cells and are generally located in the skin.  Even if you got a complete bone marrow transplant, you would not necessarily get rid of the memory lymphocytes in the bloodstream nor would you get rid of the immune cells that have migrated to peripheral tissues.
Good question. I honestly have no idea why they don't work for food allergies.
It's a long way away because the people who aren't allergic to peanut butter are too busy enjoying peanut butter, and the people who are allergic to it, can't get close enough to do the research. :(
Not born a vegan, probably.
You're mistaken.  The desensitization program at Duke University Medical Center is aimed at allowing children to eat a small but significant amount of peanut protein.  After successful acclimation, the parents are directed to regularly provide the child with peanuts so that the relief is not temporary.  [Here's](http://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT00932828?term=the+DEVIL+study&amp;rank=1) a little description of that trial which is ongoing.
Well, if so, you know more than the fine folks at [Duke University Medical Center](http://www.dukechildrens.org/services/duke_food_allergy_initiative).  I'm going to have to guess that you do not.
The treatment in which you give increasingly larger doses completely works. My brother can now eat handfulls and handfulls of peanuts, and my father's fatal bee sting allergy is gone.
Very much possible. Only reason why I brought up gene therapy was because OP asked for "cure" which I would interpret as totally getting rid of the allergy. Treatments exist in different varieties, "cures" do not ;)
Thanks for the great reply. It might also help to have a short discussion of the various types of hypersensitivities to illustrate the various immune responses that we lump into "allergies and autoimmune diseases".
This doesn't prove that my statement is wrong. These are current studies and not something available to a majority of people.
And [here is a recent paper about peanut allergy desensitization.](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1398-9995.2009.01982.x/full) It was a small study group, not necessarily large enough to infer to the general population, but it does suggest that peanut allergies in children can be treated and at least reduced. 

[This](http://www.allergy-clinic.co.uk/more-about-allergy/desensitization-immunotherapy/) is also a fairly good summary of desensitization immunotherapy.
While most of the comments here are dealing with human side, I have seen some papers on modifying the plant itself to remove those allergies. One is [here!](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1360138508001283)
Many severe allergies take a couple of exposures to build up to full-blown anaphylaxis, so the first exposure causes a relatively mild reaction, and you learn to avoid that thing in the future.
maybe not so much the sun, but there is evidence that exposure to certain parasites can helping regulate immune system response. See this response:http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/nymk4/how_far_are_we_from_a_cure_of_peanut_allergies/c3d0h84
the western hemisphere is still trying to kick out the invaders from the eastern hemisphere. Sure killing the indians got rid of the human resistance but the whole environment is at war with the sensibilities of immune systems that evolved in the East.
hmm. I did not know that.
You stated that this treatment doesn't work. The fact is, no one knows if it does or doesn't and won't know until these studies are completed.  You know, unless you have a magical crystal ball in your pocket.
Well I could imagine that peanuts and true nuts somehow in the end construct similar proteins...
Yeah, there are allergy questions popping up all the time (and occasionally autoimmunity questions). We've talked about having panelist AMA's, maybe I should get together with some of the other immunology-related people and do an inflammatory disorder AMA.
Yeah except HERES PROOF that it did cure a patient. BTW I'm a doctor of internal medicine.
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15727591

Summary:
I did not know that.
I, too, have lethal nut allergy.
Wouldn't peanuts themselves be the cure for the allergies?
I have both a peanut and tree nut allergy.
Desensitization programs do not help for food allergies.
There are desensitization programs, but I'm not sure how well they work.
I believe nut allergies are too severe to use this type of treatment.
Source: I'm taking an allergy desensitization program.
There are treatments for when you get an attack, sure.
I honestly have no idea why they don't work for food allergies.
Many people who are allergic to nuts and peanuts are not allergic to almonds; they are drupes, not nuts.
Is is only peanuts that he's allergic to or nuts in general?
Constant exposure to peanuts would build immunity?
Many if not most of the people allergic to peanuts are also allergic to true nuts.
And [here is a recent paper about peanut allergy desensitization.
I was thinking the same thing.
Some people with peanut allergies can have severe allergic reactions even from smelling peanuts.
Can anyone comment on why we see so many more cases of peanut allergies now?
Allergies are a response mediated by another subset of T-cells called helper T cells.
There's a chance we'll one day learn enough about what the immune system reacts to and how to make this possible, we're just not there yet.
Cashews are much more dangerous than peanuts for me as well.
Allergies are an immune response and are an intrinsic part of each individual's body.
I have a lethal egg allergy and just had french toast this morning!
