Original Response:
It's been 40 years. There would be just as big an audience as there was last time and it would inspire people just like it did last time.
Russia and the US aren't really competing anymore.. plus remember spending billions to start wars is much more important than scientific progress.
There are no scientific benefits to sending a man over a robot, so why bother? To get into a pissing contest with China and India?
&gt;There are no scientific benefits to sending a man over a robot

Morale.
Just wait until there is money to be made up there. That good ol' human exploration fetish will come exploding back up from the abyss.
&gt;Morale.

Scientific.
Expansion of the scientific community due to increased morale among scientists and would be scientists.
Hey DARPA does real science
[deleted]
because we never did in the first place!!
omgomgomgomgomgomg
Exactly.  We can do much cooler science without squishy, needy humans getting in the way.  That isn't to say we won't send a man to the moon (or Mars) in a a generation or two but right now it makes no sense economically or scientifically.
"It seems to me that it's the best way of wasting money that I know of. I don't think investments on the moon pay a very high dividend."
They just can't discuss it for 50 years.
[deleted]
The scientific community would be much more easily expanded with more funding.  Right now in the US there are too many scientists competing for a limited amount of scientific funding.

Also what scientific questions would a trip to the moon answer that weren't answered by the Apollo program?
We need something big. Something achievable. Something to spark imaginations again. 

The LHC is the nearest thing we've had in a while, but it's not got the show that the apollos had. 

No rockets blasting off in flames and loud noises. Nothing that makes you go "Holy shit"... It's essentially a big machine buried in the ground that hums while scientists shout "Wheyhey!"
Sending a man to the moon the first time was real exciting, because no one had done it before.  Space travel was new, every space launch was headline news, and the backdrop of the space race and the cold war made it that much more exciting.  It was a singular and unique series of events.

Today, space travel is routine, and weather satellites, satellite TV, and GPS are a part of daily life.  Unless you are over about 45, you don't remember *not* being in space...it is simply a given.

We went to the moon, then we went 5 more times.  I don't see how a 7th landing, now, when there is no doubt we have the technology, is going to be able to recapture the excitement.  It would be vaguely interesting to the general public, but not the inspiring, bring-the-nation-together event you envision.

That's why we use probes and robots.  A cheaper, more reliable way to reach our scientific goals, without risking human life.
What would be the point? 

We don't need canned/suited monkeys up there, we need a sustainable industry seed. That is expensive enough -- we don't have funds for both.
There is a difference between science and engineering.  The LHC right now is very impressive engineering wise, but science-wise it hasn't done shit, yet (yes it has high luminosity, and highest beam energy but no science has come out as far as i know).  The LHC is impressive, but its just the latest in a long line of impressive particle accelerators: SPEAR, DORIS, PETRA, PEP, DAPHNE, SLC, TRISTAN, BEP, VEPP, CESR, KEK, LEP, HERA, RHIC, TEVATRON.  Each of these were designed to answer specific *scientific* questions, not just turn it on and be impressed by the magnitude of the experiment.  

While the moon missions did help with our knowledge of the moon in the 60s (e.g., lead to our theories of lunar formation, helped accurately get the age of the Earth/moon), going again wouldn't get science anything new that I can think of.

You could just as easily ask why we don't build giant pyramids anymore -- its been like 4000 years since we last did it.  Could you imagine the size of the pyramids we could build now!  It would be a "holy shit" moment and would impress lots of people, but would lead to no increase in scientific knowledge.

In 2004, Bush suggested going to the Moon and Mars again and was laughed off by most of the scientific community[[1]](http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=4181187), [[2]](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vision_for_Space_Exploration).  If you want to suggest another Apollo/Manhattan project type initiative, you need to get something significantly more useful than sending a dozen people to the Moon/Mars.  Developing green energy with an Apollo type budget would be one potential program.  

The Apollo mission cost about $170 **billion** (in 2005 dollars), compared to the LHC which the total cost should be under $10 billion and the cost is being shared by 100 countries, with the US paying for about $0.5 billion of the total costs (1/340th the cost of the Apollo program).  The NSF budget for all of science is about $7 billion a year.  (And you can't just reallocate that expertise to space exploration without laying off basically the entire scientific community.) 

EDIT: Another reason why the Apollo mission was so impressive was the size of the US budget it took.  In 1964,1965,1966 it took on average 5% of the entire federal budget [[3]](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NASA_Budget).  Right now, NASA (18.7 billion), NSF (7 billion) and NIH (26.4 billion) currently account for 0.52%, 0.19%, and 0.74% of the federal budget respectively.  Just to get the next generation shuttle (which would really impress no one), it will cost about $100-230 billion dollars [[4]](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constellation_program).
Why aren't we sending robots? I really doubt that five landings found everything?
The Russians are offering tourist flights for $100 million.  I'll chip in a 20 for someone to go.
We did find out a lot on the six human moon missions: giant impact hypothesis became the theory of formation from moon rock analysis, age of the moon was calculated justified.  

Astronomers still study the moon.  Just last year, the US just had [LCROSS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LCROSS) find water on the moon while LRO is a lunar orbiter that is getting us high res images of the moon since 2009.  There's a google X prize for private industry to get a robot on the moon, and China, India, Japan, Europe have all recently (after 2000) had moon orbiter/impactor missions.  [[1]](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robotic_exploration_of_the_Moon).  

Still hard to justify future manned missions science-wise for the cost.  While I think stuff like the ISS is super cool, but science-wise I wouldn't fund them as the justification for their low gravity experiments seems pretty weak compared to the cost of operation (~$100 billion).  Everything manned in space is so damned expensive, its completely non-practical at the moment.
That does not stop it being used. We have civilain atomic power plants don't we? We also have goretex in out coats and teflon on our pans. We also use the internet formaly known as darpanet....
I meant send robots to the surface, though.. Have we seen all the soil types from the landings we've had? Below the surface? Do we have sub-surface material? Could we still do seismic measurements from 'moonquakes' (or man made explosions) to determine internal structure?(Or can we hear that from the Earth with red/blueshift? Perhaps of those mirrors)

Haven't really checked if we did some of these.. Still, I bet there is still plenty to do. If having to develop the technology for it is an argument for the ISS, it might also be for these missions. Of course some other things might have higher priorities.. Developing high velocity propulsion like ion thrusters sounds good, it might actually improve our capabilities.
Its not that we don't get any benefit from the technologies developed in these programs, its just that we have to wait for a time when its no longer "in the national interest" to keep records sealed. Think of it like signing a big nasty NDA before conducting research. Sure, it might not stop the research, but it does slow it down by putting a choke-collar on collaboration efforts.
But branding all war as bad for science is just wrong.
I am branding Intellectual Property Laws as bad for science, not any particular group.
Maybe because the URSS is not a menace. If China sends a man to Mars... maybe the US or Europe will have to think about it. Propaganda.
A lot of profit is gained. Just not for us.

Summary:
There are no scientific benefits to sending a man over a robot, so why bother?
The NSF budget for all of science is about $7 billion a year.
&gt;There are no scientific benefits to sending a man over a robot

Morale.
The scientific community would be much more easily expanded with more funding.
If China sends a man to Mars... maybe the US or Europe will have to think about it.
Sending a man to the moon the first time was real exciting, because no one had done it before.
I don't think investments on the moon pay a very high dividend."
There would be just as big an audience as there was last time and it would inspire people just like it did last time.
That does not stop it being used.
That's why we use probes and robots.
