Original Response:
Fuck them hard.

I am boycotting Virgin until they recind this statement. Not hard to do as their superstores all closed down and I don't use their internet 'services' but still, fuck them.
I left them a while ago and not only am I getting the download speed I pay for now, I don't have to worry about torrent downloading or, which is even worse, having websites load slower because the owner doesn't pay Virgin for the "honour" of connecting a user to their site.
Also, the government is stupid in letting them monopolise this. How? Virgin is the company that owns the fibre-optics. Every other company either leases the lines or uses the BT lines (like my own provider) which are obviously far slower and on top of that, do not have the capacity for higher bandwidths that fibre-optic cables do. This may seem like a non-issue currently when "up to" 8mb suits many customers but there will come a time when this is insufficient. What will we do then?
Interesting title.
 Words "Fuck" and "Virgin" are well used in this.
[deleted]
Instead of leaving Virgin Media, wouldn't you have preferred to have the government to pass a net neutrality law forcing them to meet your wishes?
Good thing the headline says "FUCK YOU VIRGIN!" otherwise I may not have known what this article was about.
At first glance of that headline I thought I was getting yelled at...
Don't they also make some porn movies or is that a different Virgin Media? It might be hard to determine which porn was produced by them, especially when horny!
Yeah, lets let the Department of Homeland Security regulate the internet.
No, I'd rather the market decide, just like it seems to be in this case. If you don't like how your ISP treats your traffic, get a new one. If you don't care about net neutrality, maybe you'll be able to get cheaper service.

Everyone will win and possible advances that violate "net neutrality" (because the term IS bollocks) won't get quashed by government intervention.
I'm more intrigued by the self-censorship of "b*llocks" but the allowance of "FUCK."
Huh? I thought we were all against net neutrality since Ron Paul is against it.
To submitter of the article: why do you choose to engage in this juvenile display of impotent rage?  Why not try to spread the message beyond Reddit?
I was hoping somebody would have the guts to say this!  It is such an unpopular view currently.

I have no love for ISPs who abuse their power, but I think they should be dealt with like any other business;  by empowering the consumers to vote with their dollar.

Many people are concerned that unscrupulous ISPs will gain monopolies over particular transport mechanisms, and thereby force people into their traffic-biased network.  This is a valid concern, but ultimately, I think consumer choice will win out.  The number of choices last mile content delivery has multiplied in the last few decades.  As such, there is much room for competition:

- Old trusty phone lines.  DSL doesn't have amazing bandwidth, but it is acceptable in some situations, and it is possible that future technological improvements will increase bandwidth.
- Cable.  In some cases, people even have a choice with their cable provider (I certainly do)
- Fiber.  Unfortunately, fiber is only offered by a single provider in some cases (and by zero providers in the rest).  This could possibly mend itself as time goes on though;  it is conceivable that more than one company could run fiber to a home, or that more than one ISP could utilize a single run to a home via infrastructure-sharing agreements.
- Mobile phone protocols.  3G is fairly acceptable for broadband, and 4G will probably be even better.  Of course, cell phone companies tend to be evil these days, but that might not always be the case.
- Long-range WiFi.  This hasn't really taken off as a legitimate last-mile mechanism yet, but it very well could in the future.  One of the biggest hurdles to widespread adoption is a long-term security solution with which people feel safe.
- Power line transmission.  I am reluctant to mention this one since it has been barely better than vaporware in the last decade.  However, it is certainly possible that the technology will become viable in the future.

Anyway, with a sufficiently open market, an ISP can always emerge that puts consumer interests first (for a small premium of course).  In 5 years, if there aren't any yet (and biased traffic has become obtrusive), consider this post to be a free business idea.
It is a load of bollocks - it ignores the property rights of those who own intermediary routers.
Very nice!

Ending the charade of net neutrality should go hand in hand with ending ISP monopolies. Once everyone has two or three choices for highspeed data ISPs will simply have to make sure their traffic-shaping and data-mangling are unobtrusive and uncontroversial.
Exactly, Virgin should be allowed to put themselves out of business by providing a shitty product that nobody wants. Why have government regulation to force businesses to have sound business models? I'm for net neutrality, but against government regulation of it. The industry should self-regulate, and I'm sure that idiots like this CEO will shoot themselves in the foot enough times that this whole debate should be finished soon.
WHAT!!!! did you say?

&gt;claiming in a blog entry that not only is the nigger Muslim Barack Hussein Obama intent
We're not against net neutrality, we're simply against government regulation of it.
Virgin operates in the UK... I know we sometimes take our orders from over the pond, but this is pushing it a little.
Realize that download speed doesnt affect your penis size and go outside?
access to water is a load of bollocks because it ignores the property rights of the people who own the spring
riparian rights homie
A BBC spokesperson was interviewed when the whole net-neutrality debate started a couple of weeks ago with Tiscali threatening to de-prioritise BBC traffic.  The message was that the BBC would not be paying for access to end-user ISPs; and, more interestingly, if any ISP were to block or downgrade BBC traffic, would advertise this fact on their TV and radio channels.

Having BBC iPlayer adverts after the news, watched by millions, saying "not compatible with Tiscali", that would soon put a stop to this.

The BBC is one of the few organisations big enough to get away with this, I doubt the ISPs could win.
[deleted]
i'd love to fuck a virgin
Don't forget the LLU operators.

They offer "up to 24mb", which is still an exaggeration, but I regularly get sustained download speeds of 17mbits - even in the evening.  Not too shabby.
Net neutrality is not a function of the ISPs, it's the backbone providers. There will be zero consumer choice on this.

Once they implement artificial limits on sites that haven't paid the protection money then everything the internet once stood for is gone. You think the reddit effect is bad on small sites now? You can look forward to the days when only the big sites are reliable. You can forget companies like Skype popping up out of nowhere and completely changing industries. Napster? No chance. 

Shit, reddit probably wouldn't even exist.
The asterisking of bollocks is hilarious because Richard Branson was once sued for displaying the famous Sex Pistols album, Never Mind the Bollocks, in a shop window. The case was thrown out in good part because bollocks was a term referring to a priest in Old English.
This "virgin" is definitely a whore.
Google met art and visit youporn.

The internet is a merciful god.

*worships*
&gt; Net neutrality is not a function of the ISPs

You can claim that net neutrality is relevant to the backbone providers as well, but *do not* tell me that ISPs are uninvolved.

The current wisdom: while backbones might be inclined to extort money from large webhosts, ISPs will try to do the same from consumers.  Mostly, this will be in the form of encouraging "local services" such as ISP-run VOIP or Video On Demand.

&gt; There will be zero consumer choice on this.

The choices will come in the form of the last mile provider choosing its backbone provider.  Quality ISPs will attempt to choose quality uplinks, and all the way up the chain.  At first, these quality backbone providers might become scarce, but consumer demand *will* create a market for them.  If the net gets as bad as you say, quality backbones will spring into existence by necessity.  

There are a lot of companies with *very* deep pockets who have an interest in preventing this from happening.  If Uncle Sam doesn't do it for them, they'll simply start a "neutral internet alliance" and build their own infrastructure.

&gt; Shit, reddit probably wouldn't even exist.

Wow, a little sensationalist?  Tone it down some and I would take you more seriously.
Probably didn't know what letter to use. 

* A?

* U?

* T?

* O?
&gt; do not tell me that ISPs are uninvolved.

It doesn't matter whether they are or not. The lack of net neutrality on the backbones will destroy the internet as we know it. 

&gt; Mostly, this will be in the form of encouraging "local services" such as ISP-run VOIP or Video On Demand.

So, Skype are boned then? Because you can be 100% certain that other VOIP traffic will be the lowest priority when they have their own competing service. 

&gt; Quality ISPs will attempt to choose quality uplinks, and all the way up the chain. 

There aren't that many links, although this varies by location. &lt;nelson&gt;Ha ha remote communities!&lt;/nelson&gt;

&gt; &gt; Shit, reddit probably wouldn't even exist.

&gt;  Wow, a little sensationalist? Tone it down some and I would take you more seriously.

Absolutely not. I stand by what I just said unequivocally. Reddit started off with budget hosting and scaled up as demand increased. That budget hosting simply would not exist on a tiered internet. 

How about wikipedia? They are constantly struggling to pay for their hosting as it is. You think they will survive when they have to pay a premium to provide sufficient bandwidth?

Like it or loathe it, wikipedia represents the collaborative nature of the internet. It sits alongside literally thousands of other collaborative non-profit endeavours, from consumer product communities to forums on birdwatching.

The idea that I have as much right and ability to publish as Fox is key to the internet as it currently stands.
Virgin Media is still in business?
&gt; It doesn't matter whether [ISPs] are or not [involved].

Yes it does - it is at the heart of my argument.  ISPs are the mechanism by which consumers exercise their choice.

&gt; So, Skype are boned then?

Setting aside the subject-verb agreement for now - my claim is merely that most people consider ISPs to be the cause of potential bias problems.  The whole point of my argument: *nobody* is boned because consumers will always have choice.

&gt; There aren't that many links, although this varies by location.

True.  Again, my claim is that if current backbones become oppressive, this circumstance will change.

&gt; That budget hosting simply would not exist on a tiered internet.

Actually, it would probably just be slower.  Suppose Reddit did have to pay a premium for bandwidth (and I don't concede that they *would* have to).  They don't consume that much bandwidth anyway: no images to speak of beyond the logo, up arrow, and down arrow.  Just static text and the occasional ajax messages for commenting.  It simply wouldn't be that substantial a cost.

&gt; How about wikipedia? They are constantly struggling to pay for their hosting as it is. You think they will survive when they have to pay a premium to provide sufficient bandwidth?

Yep, of course they would survive.  Worst possible scenario, they just advertise.  Not the most pleasant of scenarios, but they will do that rather than cease operations.  Advertising on Wikipedia would probably bring in enough money to buy their own large runs fiber.  Same with Craigslist.

Again, I do not concede that any website would be forced into these extortion fees.  My point is that, even in the worst possible scenario, your comments are overly sensationalist.  These websites wouldn't cease to exist;  rather, they will simply have to adapt.
Adapt? Why? The present system is superior in every single way with the exception that some people would like to see it become more profitable for them. This is at both ends of the spectrum, hosting and consumer. 

I simply do not see why raising the bar of entry onto the web is something you see as a good thing.
Damn skippy. If you have a well and I'm thirsty, does that give me the right to walk over to your house and start drinking *your* water?
You can't let the market decide because the communications sector is a monopoly and for very practical purposes.

ISP's should be treated as what they are, a utility and should have the government regulate it just like electricity or gas.
Me too - though I took it as sound advice.
It's going to be funny when they realize no one will use the internet if it isn't neutral.
&gt; I simply do not see why raising the bar of entry onto the web is something you see as a good thing.

This is an entirely reasonable statement.  Let me try to explain my position.

In general, allowing the free market to do something is always preferable to letting Uncle Sam do it.  

Look at the FCC.  They have done some genuinely good things for American communication, but also have done a lot of bad, heavy-handed things.  I think that as time goes on, federal regulatory systems tend to get more and more problematic.  They start enforcing policies such as censorship of broadcast channels and mandated "broadcast flags".  They also have the tendency to be bought by people with expensive and plentiful lobbyists.  These are very worrisome traits, and I don't think that the FCC is going to get any better.

So, at significant cost, I would like to see the market take care of itself on this one rather than give the FCC any more power.  Did  you consider that relative lack of government regulation is one of the things that made the internet so great?  And, do you think the government is as great in China where the government has more control?

When you ask the government to help you with something, you might be inviting it in to do other things as well.  Better, in this situation, to insist that the government relinquish control and solve the problem on our own.

&gt; Adapt? Why?

For the love of Reddit, please read my post more thoroughly:

&gt; Again, I do not concede that any website would be forced into these extortion fees.

Thus, I don't believe that Reddit or Wikipedia will have to adapt at all.

The only claim in the entire last section of my post was that, even if I'm wrong (and the market doesn't immediately correct itself), the apocalypse that you describe is entirely improbable.
Who put the berk in Berkett?

What with Phorm, Neil Jerkoff might as well personally visit all his customers and piss on them. At least it would be a little more honest about what he thinks of his customers, although I agree, maybe not as profitable.
Look - another big mega corp who wants to put up gateways on the Internet. We must not let this happen, as it means all the things we enjoy about the Internet will be ruined and in control of big media (just like TV, radio, newspapers etc).  I really hope someone puts this jackass in his place (out of work preferably)
The majority of people have one, MAYBE two choices for high speed service (at least in the US). It's a farce that consumers can walk with their dollars.
It's not self-censorship. It's a direct quote from the article. Note the quotation marks.
What market? I only have one choice, and I'm sure most other areas are the same.
I believe a word like bollocks visually requires two o's separated by two ll's like this:

ollo


*llo implies some sort of accident.
Who gave the ISPs the rights to put their wires underground?
Ah, so really this is more of a personal philosophical argument for you rather than simply a technology issue. I understand your distrust for government regulation and agree with you in many ways. Regulation of the internet could certainly go the same way as the FCC if the body gets power-hungry. 

On the other hand, I'm from the UK and I'm more used to regulation than most in the US. I'm sure you will agree that regulation is useful in many areas. Here we have strict legislation on companies and their ability to share (sell) personal information. This doesn't need a large body or increasing powers to enact it. The same applies to many other things, such as food labelling and yearly automobile safety testing. All of these have pretty much full public support and haven't changed much in a long time.

When people speak of net neutrality I am pretty sure that they do not wish to see anything resembling the FCC being in control of the internet. That would indeed be far worse. All that needs doing is the passing of legislation barring the deliberate degradation of services based on protection money. If we cannot support laws because of government mistrust then we have greater problems than net neutrality.
[deleted]
Virgin destroys everything it touches
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;The majority of people have one, MAYBE two choices for high speed service (at least in the US). It's a farce that consumers can walk with their dollars.

This. So so so very this.
[deleted]
the Capt is termloading Google.
You're going to get no love here with that opinion even though it's pretty spot-on true.

In general, any industry that is regulated with yield less profits because less capital will flow into such industries.  Why less capital investments?  Because regulated industries are less profitable.  Investors will naturally place money in other industries.  With less companies forming in the regulated industry you have less competition and competition is the only way in which real benefits are delivered to the consumers, not regulation.  It's a common fallacy to believe that government can legislate improvements in industry.

Also, you know what happens with regulations , in general - you have the current industries dictating part of the terms of such regulation, with their political influence, so as to maintain their higher position by limiting competition.  People really need to learn so history about how regulation also hurts competition and props up the current players...thus hurting the consumer of better products.

Net Neutrality is also stupid because there is no real problem at the moment.

Let the consumers dictate the terms of the agreement and leave out the government because they'll only fuck things up.
Hmm, no. We'll still use the interwebs.
Phew, thanks for censoring the word "b*llocks"! Now I'll just read the next word - WHAT'S THIS??
Hugely under-appreciated humor. And a good mnemonic to boot.
upvote for you screen name
No Neil, you are the bollocks.
I do not know what that means, but it sounds like he is automatically substituting certain terms for others?
[deleted]
I suppose the biggest problem is all the infrastructure cabling, which no one wants different companies laying separate versions of. The best you can do, without a full net neutrality bill, would be to regulate such infrastructure so that it has to be unbundled (so any ISP could use it). 

If you go for unbundling: 

Who builds the infrastructure? How much can they charge for access?


should you just nationalise the infrastructure? Would it ever get built properly that way? Would we all get great access like Sweden?

Markets are great, except when they aren't :)
&gt;If you don't like how your ISP treats your traffic, get a new one

Doesn't work. It's like saying "if you don't like having a capped connection, get an uncapped one". There's no such thing here in New Zealand. 

Companies work to make lives easier for themselves and still make money, not to make it better for customers and make money.
You're probably right - I doubt they'd Nazi it immediately, they might start off slow.
We'll just have to wait and see.
I'm sorry that New Zealand is like that. It shouldn't be.
Which is why I said: Ending the charade of net neutrality should go hand in hand with ending ISP monopolies.

We shouldn't have monopolies in residential data. i.e., get rid of franchise rights and let all competitors go at it.
[deleted]
And government oversight rather than competition worked soooo well in electricity. Or did I just misremember Enron and the California brown-outs?

Also, what practical purposes? None that I can think of.
Yes, you should have more than one choice. My point is, it would be better if we mandated competition rather than "neutrality."
Even then, people would try and get around it. I assume darknets and stuff would get cut off, but you could still and try to make one.

Personally, I'd bet that if they do start, it will be by blocking the content that most people would deem morally spurious, and then move closer and closer to the main stream as time goes on.
I agree, let's turn the internet into mainstream cable television. I could use two sets of Fox News, The Shop at Home Network, and TBS Superstation. Because one corporate chirpbox just isn't enough.
[deleted]
I think you're thinking of deregulation. The opposite of government oversight... thank you Reagan
The ideal would be the government subsiding the backbone to kept it maintained and upgraded when need be. As mentioned, the Internet is a utility now and we can't rely on the private sector to maintain it. It needs to be more tightly regulated.

Net Neutrality would be ensured through legislation and then ISPs can battle it out through competition over that infrastructure

Fat chance of it happening though with Brown so keen on PFI.
Depends on the angle of view?
Trying to get a search engine to associate otherwise unrelated keywords.
[deleted]
I remember getting along on the internet JUST FINE before Virgin Media had anything to do with it.  They are simply a crummy little blanket on the internet's sidewalk, halking pirated CDs and DVDs in a language I don't think anyone actually speaks.  No one is going to miss them if they're not around.  I say, don't let the door hit your ass on the way out as you leave our internet - the one you had nothing to do with until you thought you could make a profit.

eat it, branson.

diggum
This thread is old now, but it's perhaps still worth continuing.  Plus, I have unpopular things to say that are best said when few people are looking (the soulless minions of orthodoxy already have their pointer over the down-mod button).

&gt; Ah, so really this is more of a personal philosophical argument for you rather than simply a technology issue.

Neither, it always has been a political issue.  Technologically speaking, biased networks are actually superior.  Biasing traffic allows realtime applications (like VOIP, emergency communication, and streaming media) priority, while deprioritizing traffic that still works while in bursts (like downloading large ISOs of the latest Ubuntu version).  Politically, it's a nightmare; network bias would probably never be implemented for technological advantage, but rather for economic advantage.  Any cogent argument about the viability of net neutrality would be a political one. The argument that I'm making (government regulation == bad idea) is certainly political.  Which brings me to my next point.

&gt; I'm sure you will agree that regulation is useful in many areas.

Nope.  I don't like government regulation at all.

&gt; If we cannot support laws because of government mistrust then we have greater problems than net neutrality.

I agree.  We cannot support these kinds of laws because the government is untrustworthy, and we do indeed have greater problems than net neutrality.

IMHO, governments are not to be trusted.  In the past (and probably the present), governments have been the largest perpetrators of evil.  Look at the US;  it currently tortures people, holds them without formal accusation, and conducts wars in foreign theaters for marginal political and economic ends.  This is practically the definition of an entity which is not to be trusted.

I am not an anarchist;  the government should exist and fulfill a certain function. However, as an object of our mistrust, we should give it authority reluctantly and very somberly - because we probably won't get it back.

Simply put, I set a very high bar for those things which the government should control.  Net neutrality, in my opinion, does not rise to that threshold.
More proof that Ron Paul idiots dont understand net neutrality.

Net Neutrality is the government passing laws which say that the internet service providers requiring to provide same transfer speed and access uniformly regardless of content.

If not for government regulation the ISP would do whatever the hell they want. And competition wouldnt do any good cause for most poeple the choice is Net Zero, Comcast, or No internet at all.
wow, i think this is the first time I have seen a troll call obama the N word online. 

I am almost surprised that it took so long.

(BTW its wrong and disgusting)
&gt; Net neutrality is not a function of the ISPs, it's the backbone providers. There will be zero consumer choice on this.

Consumers choose their backbones when they choose their ISPs. If I don't like my backbone, I can dial into an ISP on the other side of the country, or even the other side of the world. The high speed version of a dial circuit is a leased line. Frame relay and VPNs are other options.
No, I think they understand it OK, they just don't think it's the government's job to regulate the net. Or pretty much anything else.
That's exactly what I mean. Most reddit geeks seem to think that net neutrality is not possible without government regulation, and yet they are the same people who support a presidential candidate who's against it.
[deleted]
I can't help thinking the headline should only report the news, not tell us what to think about it too
Er, the Internet has always been neutral, ever hear of the [End-to-end principle](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/End-to-end_principle), which was the most fundamental principle upon which the Internet was founded? That's what Net Neutrality has always been about. Government regulation would only be about maintaining that principle. ISPs have always been free to do exactly as they wish, yet we still don't have the situation you describe. Ron Paul knows what he's talking about here, and I have a strong suspicion that it is you who is the idiot here.
Dial into? On DSL or a cable modem? The ISP only controls the final leg, sure you can change that but you cannot choose the upstream provider. I doubt that many exchanges have competing backbones.
California's electricity market was deregulated in name only.
But I wanna see golden eagles knocking baby goats off a mountain.  If they take that away from me I don't know what I'll do.
Fuck Virgin, I hope Neil Berkett chokes on his own Vomit and dies!

http://www.starfeeder.com/blog/archives/save_the_internet_fuck_virgin/

Summary:
I don't like government regulation at all.
I'm for net neutrality, but against government regulation of it.
&gt; Net neutrality is not a function of the ISPs, it's the backbone providers.
Net neutrality is not a function of the ISPs, it's the backbone providers.
Consumers choose their backbones when they choose their ISPs.
We're not against net neutrality, we're simply against government regulation of it.
That's what Net Neutrality has always been about.
I only have one choice, and I'm sure most other areas are the same.
If you don't like how your ISP treats your traffic, get a new one.
&gt; There will be zero consumer choice on this.
Government regulation would only be about maintaining that principle.
Even then, people would try and get around it.
The lack of net neutrality on the backbones will destroy the internet as we know it.
There will be zero consumer choice on this.
&gt; I'm sure you will agree that regulation is useful in many areas.
Simply put, I set a very high bar for those things which the government should control.
In some cases, people even have a choice with their cable provider (I certainly do)
- Fiber.
Words "Fuck" and "Virgin" are well used in this.
&gt; Shit, reddit probably wouldn't even exist.
&gt; If we cannot support laws because of government mistrust then we have greater problems than net neutrality.
I understand your distrust for government regulation and agree with you in many ways.
None that I can think of.
Suppose Reddit did have to pay a premium for bandwidth (and I don't concede that they *would* have to).
&gt;If you don't like how your ISP treats your traffic, get a new one

Doesn't work.
I'm sure you will agree that regulation is useful in many areas.
&gt; That budget hosting simply would not exist on a tiered internet.
The argument that I'm making (government regulation == bad idea) is certainly political.
If we cannot support laws because of government mistrust then we have greater problems than net neutrality.
Yes, you should have more than one choice.
Good thing the headline says "FUCK YOU VIRGIN!"
Virgin Media is still in business?
If not for government regulation the ISP would do whatever the hell they want.
Ending the charade of net neutrality should go hand in hand with ending ISP monopolies.
Shit, reddit probably wouldn't even exist.
I thought we were all against net neutrality since Ron Paul is against it.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.28
