Original Response:
[deleted]
Don't despair. There are *always* exceptions to these newspaper generalities.
[deleted]
The problem is that the generalities are generalities instead of the exceptions
No child left behind...
So do their parents.
The so called "captians of industry" lobby the curriculum designers to teach in such a way that the students only really learn how to show up on time and do as they are told. Then they use the bullshit argument that everybody has a 'right' to a free education to make you pay for it. Get rid of forced public schools, and people will actually learn.
[deleted]
Hey, White House press secretaries have to come from SOMEwhere.
You mean Presidents have to come from somewhere.
B-But they all pass the MCATs...

Part of the problem we face is the teaching of history from books decided by committees who don't research the books, but are bought off by the book companies.  A lot of the "facts" in the history books are legends and myths presented as fact, kind of like watching FOX news.
[Albert Jay Nock](http://mises.org/studyguide.aspx?action=author&amp;Id=731) , who received a classical education, wrote about this in his 'Memoirs of Superfluous Man' and most likely in his 'Theory of Education in the United States'.
&gt; No child left behind...

did not create this problem, and the Democrats will not solve it.
Doesn't this article belong on some publication teenagers will actually read? If you're going to criticize a demographic, do it sensibly.

It's not too hard to read a book per week is it?
It's not just the teenagers...it's 90% of the damn population.  Just watch Smarter than a 5th Grader or any of those tv trivia shows (other than Jeopardy).  The level of ignorance is astounding.
I would imagine that it would be placed somewhere that people who teach the teenagers would see.
And that we are a democracy.
Amen.
How do these results compare to other generations? The article is kinda worthless without that comparison.
I understand the trouble in not being acquainted with history, especially as being in a liberal democracy calls for being informed.

But literature? I don't know much about literature. Granted, I probably should, if only because they are vivid pictures painted with words highlighting various times and people, but, in the end, isn't a lot of literature just like the TV of yesteryear, entertainment? 

Isn't the title like saying "Teenagers live in stunning ignorance of History and indoor plimbing?"
Your average high school teacher reads NYT?
You beat me to it. I always wonder with these "our schools are failing, this is outrageous" articles if the general belief is that children are supposed to be smarter than their parents, because I'm pretty sure they'd see the same results. Sure, it doesn't make it okay, but parents can't successfully hold children to a standard they themselves do not meet.  

The schools aren't failing so much as our society at large is failing on this one.
Not when you have a online connection to reddit :(

Goddamnit.
Literature contains our cultural heritage. You can learn a lot about a time just by reading books written then. I once read William James's *Varieties of Religious Experience*, and found the book a bit dull except as an example of the political and religious climate of the late 19th century.

Without understanding the general culture of a time and region it is difficult to attack the more complex works of that time and region. See how people misinterpret something as commonplace as the Bible since they lack a grounding in ancient Hebrew and Greek culture. Philosophical works tend to draw allusions and such from the extant literature of their times.

Reading books from a given time also allows you to absorb history in a much richer way. You are exposed to much more depth than the dry summary found in a history book, and are then more able to see the inconsistencies in such summaries. Your mind is forced to work out contradictions between works, and generally just *think* while reading them. All of this is very helpful toward improving your reasoning abilities.
Ignorance is Strength.
I'm confused as to why Ted Kennedy's name wasn't mentioned in the article!  It was his baby.  Everywhere GWB went to talk about it he had Kennedy at his side...now its shown how terrible it is and old Teddy's no where to be found, maybe he's trying to fish Marylou Kapeckne out of Chappaquiddick...The real story should be about how culturally inept we have become and how its affecting the education of our children and then should probably touch on the abject historical failure of almost everything done by the federal government so we can stop voting for big government socialists...
Yes, to the scheming businessman or politician.
Perhaps you meant the MCAS - are you from MA? 

As for your second point, I wholley agree. A good book to back this up is: [Lies My Teacher Told Me: Everything Your American History Textbook Got Wrong](http://www.amazon.com/Lies-My-Teacher-Told-Everything/dp/0684818868).
&gt;in the end, isn't a lot of literature just like the TV of yesteryear, entertainment?

Except that the literature that is studied in school tends to be the best of the best of centuries of writing.

Let's face it, kids today read more material from internet discussion boards, blogs, IM, and such than actual literature.  Most of what they read tends to be poorly written, both stylistically and grammatically, and that level of writing is what they come to understand as "normal", and what they create when they leave a school environment.

So even if you ignore the glimpse into other times and places, into others' minds and ideas, that literature affords students, it still behooves us to expose children to **good** writing, so that they don't think that "lulz wut?" is the epitome of English expression.
[deleted]
I am interested in reading all of the questions asked, as well as the responses. I can't find it anywhere online, any ideas?
&gt;Just watch Smarter than a 5th Grader or any of those tv trivia shows

I'm convinced that they pick the stupidest people possible for that show.  I refuse to believe that the average person thinks that "vowel" is spelled "voul".

Also, in all fairness, the show should be called, "Do you know more 5th-grade trivia than the smartest 5th grader who has ever lived?"
[deleted]
Wait. Did you not get the quote?  Is this a real-life example of someone demonstrating "stunning ignorance" of literature?

The prosecution rests, Your Honor.
He's referring to [this story.](http://rawstory.com/news/2007/White_House_press_secretary_admits_she_1210.html)
I don't read much literature, and I don't speak or type in "net speak" all the time. 

&gt;poorly written, both stylistically and grammatically,

But is all classic literature considered written in that style? Didn't Hemingway get criticized for writing in a plain style? Wasn't Shakesphere hated at the time for being "low"? 

I think that forcing kids to read literature destroys the love of it.
Apparently someone just discovered teenagers.
Ignorant people are easier to manage was the gist of my comment. And no, I haven't read 1984 and probably don't intend to in the near future.
&gt;g the general culture of a time and region it is difficult to attack the more complex works of that time and region. See how people misinterpret something as commonplace as the Bible since they lack a grounding in ancient Hebrew and Greek culture.

I would say this is the case of people reading literature as history ;)

I'm not trying to say literature is worthless, or anything. I just think a dearth of literary knowledge is less vital to success in the world than is a dearth of history knowledge. If Americans could remember that we supported Saddaam in the 80's, that we killed Mossadeq in the 50's and a bunch of other easy, albeit forgotten, facts... I couldn't complain about them not reading Fitzgerald.  

I don't know why, but I'm not equipped as a person to read literature. I possess the ability to read, I enjoy a good story, but I can't seem to read literature and get something out of it.
&gt;Get rid of forced public schools, and people will actually learn.

That's the most ignorant comment I have read in a while.
Hahaha, do you even read reddit?
Would you know a quote from Gravity's Rainbow if I gave it to you?

Remember, it's just one book.
&gt;I think that forcing kids to read literature destroys the love of it.

Kids are resistant to toilet training at first.  But the consequences for failing to open their minds to its many virtues are almost as problematic.
&gt;Didn't Hemingway get criticized for writing in a plain style? Wasn't Shakesphere hated at the time for being "low"?

But compare the writing of *any* of those authors to what you commonly see from high-school kids.  Now, I don't expect students to produce masterworks of prose, but what I saw from my peers in high school, and what I see online from both students and my adult peers, is often cringeworthy.

I'm of the opinion that exposure to "good" writing is a must for developing writing skills.  Hell, it doesn't even have to be one of the classics.  Just something that's been edited by a good editor, and uses more than a 6th-grade vocabulary.

&gt;I think that forcing kids to read literature destroys the love of it.

If the only way to get kids to read literature is to force them, then they already have no love for it.
&gt;And no, I haven't read 1984 and probably don't intend to in the near future.

Neither have I, actually (although I probably should).  But, like you, I know where the quote comes from, and I know the basic gist of the novel.

That shared cultural background is what is being eroded by the lack of exposure to literature.
This is just great. We make such a huge deal about teenagers not knowing the year when the civil war started but nobody even gives a damn about things like say money management. This entire fucking country is in debt and all anyone cares about is getting that new iPod, phone, car or whatever. These kids are going to become the same idiotic consumers their parents are today and nobody seems to be giving two shits about this. 

The question we should be asking is not "are our children learning" but instead "what are our children learning".
&gt;And that we are a democracy.

Assuming that "we" means "The United States of America":

Federal Republic != Democracy
I was about to ask the same question. If they assume that being an ignorant means not knowing when Columbus sailed from Europe to this continent and ask the questions following that assumption, then I think they are wrong. You can still understand the meaning and importance of that fact without knowing when it happened.

These polls that measure 'culture' are just another version ok a TV trivia show and we know (or should know) that not being ignorant does not mean to hold a lot a trivia knowledge.

I think that a lot more worrying than this supposed ignorance, is that some people beleive you can actually measure ignorance with questions like these.
I thought the question was "is our children learning".
I hate these stats. they always seem to ignore the debate of how good our school systems are, how relevant the material they teach is, the nuances of defining/measuring intelligence, etc.

knowing basic facts about the world, being curious about/interested in learning new things, opening your mind to new ideas/facts, challenging your pre-existing notions - these are the qualities I want to see in kids (and adults, for that matter). the mindset matters more than the material. schools can't do this, because they can't numerically measure it. parents are just as responsible - they can't brag about junior's SAT scores if they abolish SATs as a stupid metric.

knowing calculus, quite frankly, isn't essential for most people. there's always been a trend of using educational status as to divide people by class, which needs to stop. it's even a bit ludicrous to say that knowing calculus is a sign of "well-rounded" individual. whatevs.
Awesome, now let's go do some blow. 

But in all seriousness. In my experience, it's very hard to talk to my teenage peers about anything besides superficial happenings. In my public speaking course, I frequently find myself alluding to trivial pop culture and pop myths just to connect to them. We've basically become a culture of easygoing as opposed to one of hard work. On one side, I like it because being substantially smarter than peers allows me to get away with a lot things. On the other hand, I'm a big fish in a small pond. When I transfer to the big pond, I'm fucked.
[deleted]
Well, at least one's got to give you credit for googling it.
Well, sure, it's entertainment -- but there's beneficial entertainment, and wasteful entertainment.  Jackass is wasteful entertainment.  "Literature" tends to focus on and draw out difficult issues relating to various aspects of the human state, and the its study provides a venue for critical thought.  Assignments to write about these works force students to form a position, and to actually think about the construction of a solid defense.  This is a skill that translates to reading arguments and finding weaknesses in them, potentially making for more discerning readers later on.  A good literature class should essentially teach a lot about how to think, and exposing kids to this, beyond being a good in and of itself, will tend to make them better citizens.
As long as they feel good about themselves, that's all that's important.


sarcasm off
&gt; That's the most ignorant comment I have read in a while.

Some questions you may want to ask:

1. Did people get educated in America before we instituted the Department of Education, public schooling, federal control of public schooling?

2. If we did, how did these institutions affect the quality of education that we received?

3. Do I know what I myself mean by *education*?  Is it distinct from training?  Is it distinct from 'socialization'? From art class?
Education in this country has been on a downhill slide ever since we fought the communists in WWII.

I partly blame writers for the decline of public interest in literature.  All I ever see in bookshops is adaptations of great movies, like Lord of the Rings or The Bourne series.  They're never as good as the originals.

I'm also pretty well informed about politics.  I'll be voting for John McCain.  Anybody who can survive the events depicted in the first four Die Hard movies should find running the country a walk in the park.

Edit:  people who either don't understand or doubt my arguments should check out this [Conservapedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satire) which proves my case.
&gt;I'm of the opinion that exposure to "good" writing is a must for developing writing skills. Hell, it doesn't even have to be one of the classics. Just something that's been edited by a good editor, and uses more than a 6th-grade vocabulary.

So why not use nonfiction?
[deleted]
Well, yeah, in theory we are supposed to be a government of enumerated rights and this and that, but I think if history since 1865, 1932, and most specifically 2001 has proven anything, it's that there isn't anything in America that the majority couldn't touch, if they really wanted to. In that sense, we are a democracy.
You're advocating reading a book per week, yet you don't intend to read _Nineteen Eighty-Four_?
I don't see how anyone can still justify the public school system.
I don't think it's a matter of medium as much as the creator. I would wager that The Wire is more intellectually stimulating than Harry Potter.

I guess, in the end, I should reveal that I'm currently taking a literature class, and my teacher is boring, and the works are boring.

Beyond that, I've never been able to really read fiction and love it. No book captivates me, and I can never keep focussed long enough to get the most out of it.
I guess what I mean, is that there has got to be a better way. My love of history was formulated outside and in spite of school. Because of how I was taught math, chemistry, foreign language, literature, I tend to move away from those things.

Which isn't to say they aren't all fascinating or worth studying, it's just that school has a tendency to destroy the fun.
Explain...
Is it just me, or does it feel like even Jeopardy has been dumbed down in recent years?

I seem to remember back in the 90's (when I was a teenager) I'd find myself stumped every now and then, at least on the $500 questions. These days I watch it and it hardly seems any more difficult than "Are you smarter than a fifth grader?"

I suppose it could be that I've just gotten older and more knowledgeable, but it really seems like the show is what changed.
Yes. Because reality TV is real. It surely can't be TV producers manipulating the show to give you a smug sense of well being so that you would tune in again and again to fulfill your depraved urge to see others fail. 

No. That can't be it.

PS. My question is: if you're dumb enough to think Smarter than a 5th Grader is real, are you dumber than people on those shows?
In my opinion, anything past algebra is pointless unless you're in a field that requires it.  Even most advanced algebra is basically just convenient, not necessary, and calculators have made that pointless too.
That dig was uncalled for, man.
As much as I considered my high school and junior high education a waste of time, I still came out of it knowing a lot of important stuff.  How to read, how to write, how to talk to people, how to not piss off people who have control over you even if you think they're a tub of shit.  Those are important skills.
I didn't know that in the Bible Job is known for his patience in suffering. I guess that means I'm stupid? I don't think a Bible question is a fair judge of intelligence... I'm sure a lot of dumb hicks knew the answer to that one, yet they believe the world was created 6,000 years ago.
No I don't. I have a set list of things to read this year directed towards a certain goal. If I read random books people recommended to me, that would defeat the whole point of reading literature. Literature is well known for recurring themes and ideas. So don't crucify me for not reading one book. We all have different goals.
&gt; ever since we fought the communists in WWII.

Too bad that we lost that one, eh?  Set us up for a century of pain -- Germany, Korea, Vietnam, Israel, 9/11, Afghanistan, Iraq, MAD as foreign policy, smug European socialists -- that has outlived the movement Communism we fought against.
the comment someone made about money management skills is very relevant - these kinds of basic "living" skills are more important for everyone to have. granted, they're not always objective, so impossible to teach without the usual political BS.
Your comment is just great.  We make such a huge deal about teenagers not having financial management skills while millions of children in developing countries lack access to clean water.  These kids are dying and nobody seems to be giving two shits about this.
I've found that *facts* are not really all that important as long as you understand the general structure of what has occured over the course of human history. Structural knowledge allows you to draw parallels between previous events and current events; it allows you to see the universal cycle that mankind appears to be trapped within.

If you can read and enjoy a good story then you are equipped to read literature because that is what literature is! Fitzgerald is *not* literature (he was a terrible writer and his stories were horribly dull honestly). *Work said to be literature in high school* generally equals not quality literature at all.

You may as well start reading older works now. The path to grasping the cultural context of another time and place is initially difficult, but it gets easier with every book you finish. You read one book from the 19th century and it is perplexing; you read another and it makes more sense. You read one book from the Ancient East and it is perplexing; you read another and it makes more sense. Each work exposes you to the themes of the overall region (e.g. Western culture), the general time (e.g. modern Western history), the specific time (e.g. 1850s), and the specific place (e.g. England). Thus you gain knowledge about even your own culture through this process, expand your vocabulary, and make future works easier to comprehend.
I think it was Scott Adams who had the correct take on this. The show illustrates not that adults are necessarily dumb, but that we teach crap to fifth graders that they don't need to know and clearly will forget by the time they're adults.

As much as the contestants make me cringe, I think he has a point there. Most of it amounts to the pointless memorization and regurgitation of facts, with little to nothing by way of context, let alone real understanding. A fifth grader can probably name more of the European explorers who "discovered" the new world than I can off the top of my head - but the fifth grader sure as hell won't be able to tell me their historical significance, what they were really doing, the factors leading to the "age of discovery" or its long term consequences. Does being able to rattle off those names really make the fifth grader smarter than an adult who can't?
I am a citizen of Massachusetts who has had to watch the Kennedy clan literally Rape and Murder and continually be re-elected.  I find them to be disgusting and to never have to "pay the piper" for their misdeeds.  Anytime to trash a Kennedy is a good enough time for me.  Go look at Mr. Kennedy's earmarks and where his contributions come from and you'll begin to see the Kennedy that I know and hate. SCUMBAG!!!! (him not you)
I'd agree, it's definitely a matter of the creator -- but the idea of a class like that is that the works of some of the best creators of the past X-hundred years are all gathered in one place.  There's just so much there, and I get so much out of it, that it's hard for me to imagine that a competent teacher couldn't develop an entertaining and thought-provoking course.

I'm probably skewed by my particular enjoyment of literature, I know.  Maybe it would be more appropriate for the separate "goals" of a literature class to be separated in school, as well.  You could have a writing course that required you to actually read each book, and a lit. discussion course that didn't -- the teacher would just provide a summary of the themes and the students could go at it from there.  The idea of that pains me, because I love the reading so much, but I know that many do not, and I can see how distilling the material down to its "core" could be appropriate for much of the population.

Also, maybe that could inspire some people to actually read the books... if they think someone's wrong and want to get at the source material directly.
Am I misunderstanding your statement about "great" movies being adapted into books, like LOTR and The Bourne series? Or am I missing sarcasm?
&gt; We make such a huge deal about teenagers not having financial management skills while millions of children in developing countries lack access to clean water.

As I read the first part, I thought "no, they should have economic understanding" -- and in the second part you remind me of what comes of economic ignorance.  Neat.

&gt; nobody seems to be giving two shits

Do you give two shits?  Go sell clean water in a developing country.  Ah, and bring help: the 'greens' will try to stop you from 'exploiting' the country; the local government will oppose you without ideology.
When we have college students who can't read, or form complete sentences, is this even a surprise?
&gt; How to read, how to write, how to talk to people,

You think you got these from school?  You may as well blame the sunlight you got on the way to school.

&gt; how to \[submit to authority\]

You think you got this from school?  Were you raised by *wolves*?
Many of them post here on Reddit.
[deleted]
We have a hampered democracy -- a government whose saving grace is its [poor execution](http://reddit.com/r/politics/info/62nys/comments/c02n3qv) of a bad idea.
Yes we can! Yes we can! Hope, change! Like little mindless parrots...
Wait, why are they expecting kids to know *Invisible Man*?

edit: damn pedants
Contributes to the problem. Democrats may not fix the problem as it seems embedded in our culture that faith is more important than edumucation.


It's hard to fix stupid, so you're partially correct. However, to everyone that would like to have a more well rounded public education simply beyond passing some standardized tests, repealing 'No child left behind' will help the average student in public education (notice the stupid names they have to create for their legislation?).
&gt; I guess that means I'm stupid?

No, it means that you are ignorant of influential literature.  But your question means that you can't read, which suggests (prejudically, as with accents and slow speech) stupidity.
You know, I was thinking yesterday, about what it would be like if our country was a parliamentary one.
I have the same question.  FTA:

&gt;The questions were drawn from a test that the federal government administered in 1986.

Does anyone know what test, or care to spend the time to look it up and let us know the results?

*From [the actual report](http://www.commoncore.org/_docs/CCreport_stillatrisk.pdf):

&gt;Two decades ago, in the aftermath of the
furor provoked by *A Nation at Risk*, the
National Assessment of Educational
Progress (NAEP) conducted a
pathbreaking study to determine what
America’s 17-year-olds knew about
history and literature.11 Administered in
1986, the results yielded the
disheartening answer: not enough. As
Diane Ravitch and Chester E. Finn, Jr.,
gravely concluded in their 1987 book,
What Do Our 17-Year-Olds Know? “It is
impossible to avoid the conclusion that
something is gravely awry… Our
eleventh-graders as a whole are ignorant
of much that they should know.

&gt;&lt;snip&gt;

&gt;While the findings here cannot be readily
compared to those collected in 1986—
given substantial differences in how the
tests were administered and how the data
were collected—they can offer valuable
insights into where we stand now.
&gt; it's even a bit ludicrous to say that knowing calculus is a sign of "well-rounded" individual. whatevs.

Shut up and go back to your calculus homework!
If the methods are anything the same as what I had in school (which wasn't that long ago), the teaching and curriculum provide little to no relevance to the modern world.  History and literature are actually very interesting, but if you can't find a way to tie it to modern life, you're going to lose most people's interest.  How important is it to know the dates of battles from the French and Indian War?  How about how our culture has changed over the past 100 years or how the same standoffs in the Middle East from thousands of years ago affect us today?  THAT's the stuff that matters and is relevant.
Not crucifying, just wondering, because it seems kind of strange. Strange to think of _Nineteen Eighty-Four_ as just one book of a recurring theme, too. It strikes me as being like saying there's no need to meet Bob Dylan if you've already met John Mellencamp.
You've failed to pick up on the point I was trying to make.  I was attempting to mock the "Why are we talking about THIS when THIS OTHER THING is so much more important!?" post that appears in every thread.

I think the findings of the study discussed in the article are important, and kids should learn history and be exposed to literature.  But this discussion has nothing to do with life management skills or third world poverty.
Are teenagers honestly that ignorant? I spend several hours each day on IRC - when possible - talking with acquaintances who casually quote Hamlet in one second, and Leeroy Jenkins in the next. The people have read *The Great Gatsby*, and they love it. I can rely on at least half of my online friends having read, say, *Jane Eyre*, yet you claim that teenagers are illiterate?

I refer, by the way, to the chatroom associated with a small gaming clan. Arguably, the requisite capability of my peers to use IRC might exclude the stupid...
I can believe it.  I mean, I'm in college, and I've gone to three different schools, and a lot of the people there are just idiots.  I mean, I skipped my econ class every day, glanced through the prof's notes online before the midterm/final, and passed with an A.  And there were people who showed up every day (I knew a few of them) read the stuff, did the homework, and FAILED.  And the quizzes/exams were all multiple guess tests, with not very confusing choices.

Plus the general amount of ignorance when talking to people about the world or politics is incredible on college campuses.
[deleted]
You don't get out into the world and talk to people much, do you?

There is really an amazing level of ignorance on all subjects in the average population.
Wow. This coming from the guy that bases his judgment of people because of a TV show on FOX. 

Does Law and Order titillate you too because they're ripped from the headlines?

The point is that the TV show isn't reflective of reality. This has nothing to do with talking to people.
it's like Lenin said: "I am the walrus"
When I was growing up, my parents would routinely refuse to buy me toys, but to the best of my recollection never refused to buy me a book.  I think that helped greatly.
[deleted]
Good questions.  I can take a stab at some of them.

&gt;Did people get educated in America before we instituted the Department of Education, public schooling, federal control of public schooling?

Most people were not educated to the same level before public schooling.  It was generally the privilege of the rich.  As far as federal control, the feds have relatively little control over public schools.  Standards and curriculum are set by states and individual districts.  That said, NCLB marked a dramatic increase in federal control, which is sad given that NCLB money accounts for a small portion of most schools' budgets.

&gt;If we did, how did these institutions affect the quality of education that we received?

Well, before public schools, the rich were generally taught by tutors.  1:1 education is much more effective than classroom learning.  As far as federal involvement, it seems that NCLB has been detrimental.  On the flip side, during the Cold War, federal involvement in education improved the quality of education - at least in math and sciences.

&gt;Do I know what I myself mean by education? Is it distinct from training? Is it distinct from 'socialization'? From art class?

I'm not touching that one with a 50 foot pole.
It's not about the exact date, its about the vast difference between the two time periods. 1492 and 1750 were pretty freaking different. If the kids can't even get near the right century, that's bad.
It's inaccurate to judge all history teachers based on the example of football coaches who happen to teach history.  When I was a teacher, I strove to teach from beyond just the textbook.  Additionally, I taught with the experience and knowledge gained from my graduate studies in history.  There are plenty of excellent history teachers out there.  One of mine even kept a copy of "A People's History of the United States" in the classroom for our reference.

The problem lies just as much in apathy on part of students and parents.  People just don't seem to care if they remember these things.

A note on the MCATs.  Not all states require MCAT performance for a teaching license.  In WA, for example, a secondary teacher generally needs a bachelors degree in a field they are teaching.  In OR and CA, they need to pass, not only the MCAT, but also very specific subject exams.  The analytical writing subject test for CA was no walk in the park either.
Even if you don't believe it, the Bible has been a major source of literary themes, ethics and cultural understanding in this society since the beginning. Kids should understand some of the major allusions and incidents.
&gt;Are teenagers honestly that ignorant? I spend several hours each day on IRC - when possible - talking with acquaintances who casually quote Hamlet in one second, and Leeroy Jenkins in the next.

&gt;...

&gt;Arguably, the requisite capability of my peers to use IRC might exclude the stupid...

That's probably the case.  I have a feeling that people on IRC are atypical, and trend toward the upper end in terms of being intelligent and informed.

It'd be interesting to compare the IRC crowd with your average AIM user.

&gt;yet you claim that teenagers are illiterate?

Not illiterate.  Just not (generally) well-read.  At least, that's what this study implies, and my own personal experiences with "average" people tends to confirm it.
I disagree.  I enjoy watching that show out of a sick fascination, I suppose.  I also would do pretty well on that show (except for perhaps the health questions).  I don't rely on memorization, but rather, I use logic to determine the answers.  The problem is not that kids are being taught "useless" information, but that they aren't being taught why the information is useful.  They aren't learning the critical reasoning skills.
This only confirms what we always knew about Americans: big stupid nation that cause too much problems and unhappiness in the world today because of it's stupidness.
If you knew who Hitler was, if you read some of George Orwell's books, maybe you wouldn't rush into fascism so easy nowadays.
Trollish sarcasm.
Note: I've seen only a few clips of the show in question, and almost never watch television at all.

But I have to agree that the level of ignorance in the US (I can't speak for the rest of the world, I've lived here my entire life) is really just staggering at times.  The common anecdote of cashiers being unable to render change because their register is broken or the power is out come to mind - living in the midwest that happened to me constantly when a storm would disable the electrical supply.

I've been in class with people that thought the major problem with WWI was trench warfare - the trenches could only go so deep before they hit the underground pipes.  I've known people that couldn't tell me if Dublin is south or west of Moscow.  I once had to stop a busser at the restaurant I worked in from mixing into his mop bucket two large containers of bleach and ammonia together.

I'm not basing anything from this show nor do I think that ejp1082 or jimv were either; people really are just incredibly stupid.
You do realize the more you talk to people the less likely you'll find them stupid right? Not everyone quips back and forth in little trivia bits gleamed from books. Boohoo, someone couldn't talk to you about the intricacies of small unit warfare in France. Boohoo. Try asking them about something they are interested in. Maybe that'll be nice. 

But it's alright, let's all get wrapped up in our own smugness just cause Jeopardy is a breeze.
[deleted]
First of all, it was a class on history (WWI at that time as well.)

Second of all, you're only showing yourself to be stupid.  "Intricacies of small unit warfare in France" ?  I wouldn't exactly call WWI small, or trench warfare an intricacy.  It is bloody stupid to think that the problem with trenches is that they didn't want to interrupt any natural gas or water plumbing (for multiple reasons.)
Wow. You just proved my point of how much a condescending asshole you are. Want to talk to me about how to lead my fireteam through an urban perimeter and how best to engage civilian and hostile targets under the cover of night? Wait, don't bother because it's of no real concern to the topic at hand. Information can be distilled in multiple ways. Calling people lazy for not going out and obtaining knowledge is one thing but getting this attitude that people are dumb because they watched a TV show or that not being able to regurgitate rote info is another.
Bullshit. Some statistical knowledge is required to contribute meaningfully to almost any field you can name, and statistics requires calculus.
How is what a bookstore stocks a problem caused by writers?
[worldnews] subreddit?  Not quite...
I need to explain how a small power elite has controlled the executive branch in such a way as to shape the will of the people rather than obey it? And the same group has been in power for 7 years now?
Now you aren't even making sense.
What do we need kids to be able to do to be competative in the world today?  I say reading and math.  If they don't know Shakespear, that would be a shame but not really a big deal.  Being able to memorize and spit out history trivia is not important either.  If they can read they can look up when Columbus sailed.
Realize that when you die there is no more you. All that is left of you is your legacy. Discover what is important in life and learn how to make the most of it. Seek out new experiences and improve yourself. You must *be* the change you want to see in the world.
'four in 10 could pick the name of Ralph Ellison’s novel about a young man’s growing up in the South and moving to Harlem'

probably because somewhere around 60% of them read different books in English class...this study is so ridiculously bias, i mean their conclusion is so negative, yet the examples they give are not that bad..80% know what 2 kilos of mockingbirds was about? seems like a good % to me
I have a neice that just won an award for participating in an art competition.  She didn't win or even rank in the top but she participated and that was enough to earn her an award that she will most likely hang and be proud of.  This type of "feel good" shit will cripple her someday when she has to deal with rejection.  I see that as a bigger problem than whether she can remember the exact date George Washington was born.
&gt;but rather, I use logic to determine the answers.

How can you use logic to figure out things like the names of European explorers??
Way to go Capt. Obvious !
Two words : Personal responsibility.
Better title: No Child Left Behind law has led American teens to be less well educated.
Which educational regime failed to l'arn you a respect for [*post hoc ergo propter hoc*](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post_hoc_ergo_propter_hoc)?
&gt;They aren't learning the critical reasoning skills.

Kids generally only learn what one teaches them.
Why is this news?
Lame.  You could dispute the contention that NCLB leads to a narrowing of curriculum if you think it's wrong (though there is a lot of evidence for it), but instead you just choose to snarkily mock as if I don't know anything and *obviously* the only reason I would say such a thing is because I believe anything that comes later must have been caused by something that came earlier.

So I'll respond in kind, and with equal intellectual depth:  Wow, you're an arrogant idiot.
you are somewhat correct.  NLCB does not really directly lead to this.  However, not every teacher is an amazing teacher...  NCLB forces bad teachers to spend the bulk of their time teaching kids in a way that's geared towards preparing them for the high stakes test.

i could get into details and go on forever, but it's probably best i dont.
[deleted]
[deleted]
YES! I am from Mass, but I did my middle school(primary) in Ireland and Secondary in New York and College in Salem, MA.

What I believe to be an accurate retelling of early US history is 'A Different Mirror' by Ronald Takaki.
http://www.amazon.com/Different-Mirror-History-Multicultural-America/dp/0316831115/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1204144752&amp;sr=8-1
My very favorite act of blatant idiocy committed by a teen was this:

We were having an argument about whether or not America (US) was a true democracy.  Most educated people know the US does not have a "true" democratic system.  His disagreement was fine with me.  I felt that even if he didn't see what I was talking about, he'd at least have some new questions to ask himself.  What followed blew my mind though.

The exchange went back and forth a few times, and then finally, he told me in no uncertain terms that he knew what democracy was, and that the US had invented democracy.
...ties to lobbyists be damned?

[and by 'ties', i'm not talking about the blonde; i'm talking about those running &amp; funding his campaign]
If you had been paying attention in History class, it's not important when Columbus sailed, but it's important that the winner writes history.  Columbus wasn't the 'discoverer' of America, there were already plenty of people living here for over 14,000 years!  Sure you can look something up, but you're not always able to look something up, if you want to have an intelligent conversation about something other than last nights episode of American Idol you have to actually retain some information.
We're in the midst of a Seldon Crisis!!
[deleted]
Again, the full explanation is to be found in a (fully sourced) [Conservapedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burlesque_%28genre%29).
i think education has gone the way of food; instead of locally- or regionally-grown &amp; raised food, high in nutrients and vitamins and all sorts of good things, we now have food that almost rivals cardboard for its nutritional value and flavour.

freeze-dried concentrate does not equal a well-rounded education.
I think this [Fox News clip](http://etext.lib.virginia.edu/cgi-local/DHI/dhi.cgi?id=dv4-29) adequately explains [John McCain's](http://www.imdb.com/character/ch0001752/) innocence of these accusations.
how old? (i'm picturing sympathy for a 3-year-old niece who you'd deny a participation award, but sympathize with you if she's 16 or something)
I thought you were going to give me the "we're a republic!" run around. 

Well, on one hand, if Bush didn't have the support of most of the nation, he couldn't have done Iraq or anything.

Then again, we've got a Democratic congress we elected that has done nothing.

I don't know what we are. It's subtle tyranny by way of complacency.
That's what I was wondering. It's hardly fair to blame their literary education for every classic book they haven't read. I read a lot of classics, and I haven't read that. You can't study everything at school.
Of course one can look up information, such as when Columbus sailed - or how to write 'Shakespeare' and the word 'competitive'. The real catch is to know when you do not know, so you can go and look it up, which you will not do, since - in your blissful ignorance - you believe you are correct.
I'd add recent history and politics to the curriculum too. I didn't do a single day of that at school (UK, not US).
Yeah, but it turns out that a "Smarter than a 5th Grader"-style show in which the participants display average and typical intelligence isn't as interesting.

People, this media doesn't sell entertainment, it sells an excuse to be outraged at society while doing nothing about it.
It's empirically obvious if you look into the issue that schools are not very relevant; it's parents that matter.

But a politician can get votes by saying the schools suck.  Pointing out that too many stupid people are having kids and investing no time in their education isn't going to go over well at the polls.

In these horrible school districts how many parents get involved with the PTA?  Probably close to none.  Too hard.  But casting a vote for a politician who says it's not your fault, that's easy.
You should maybe try getting your head an inch or two outside of your ass - I don't imagine you'll be able to do all at once.
To go off on a bit of a tangent, I was considering Ms. Teen America South Carolina recently.  Everyone held her up as shining example of American idiocy.  But then it occurred to me that the question was flawed.  "Why don't Americans know where Iraq is?"  Well the correct answer is that a lot of them are borderline retarded and incurious.  Was she supposed to actually say that!?  If I had been in the competition and thus barred from giving the true answer I might well have blathered on about map availability.
&gt;About half knew that in the Bible Job is known for his patience in suffering. About as many said he was known for his skill as a builder, his prowess in battle or his prophetic abilities.

Do they study the bible in literature classes?
Is that studied in school?
Exactly.  What is the important part?  How the German political system worked or that Hitler was a bad guy and lead Germany when it was doing bad things.
You should. It's a really good book.
I was going to say "Parents live in stunning ignorance of their Teenagers" but that works too.
I guess it's a combination of a certain amount of knowledge and working from there.

I'm not sure how that would work with European explorers but it's useful for other things. Off the top of my head the best example I can think of is working out the definition of a word by looing at the parts of the word and tryingt o relate that to words you already know. If you've got more context to help you then great, if not then you're probably at least in the ballpark.
I don't know what it is, but I'm going to ask my girlfriend to give me one when I get home from work.
Maybe I will. 

Right now I'm getting a lot of reading material (for my PDA for commuting) from Project Gutenberg so that's keeping me going, and for home reading I'm on a bit of a thriller jag at the moment. I'm always up for suggestions though.

Which all makes it sound like I read more than I do. I probably average a couple of books a month.
&lt;old&gt;You damn kids!&lt;/old&gt;
Like fatpads said, it is a combination and is especially useful for the science and language arts oriented questions.
Sometimes, there are also key words in a question that help to eliminate certain answers.  

For example, there once was a question about Charles Lindburg's transatlantic flight from New York to what city.  Clearly, the city couldn't be anywhere in the US, but had to cross the Atlantic Ocean (to go to Paris).  The contestant obviously missed that key word because she chose a US city - I think Boston.
Right, and kids aren't being taught critical reasoning skills.  That's the point.  Many of the questions on trivia shows are much easier to answer when you have critical reasoning skills.  If, when teaching them about history, you teach them how to come to conclusions then you are teaching them more than simply "useless facts."  You're teaching them how to figure out those facts on the spot, using their existing knowledge.
I was talking specifically about classes offered in schools on advanced algebra, calculus, etc.
I'm not sure what this has to do with my comment.. Unless you're saying being proficient at managing your money requires an education in calculus?  I never took calculus, but I have no debt and I manage to save some money each month.
I also learned how to properly paraphrase.

Good luck with your fight against The Man.  You're going to need it when you get fired from one job after the other for talking back to your moron boss.

And as for reading and writing...  If not at school, where would one learn these things?  This guy is saying the state shouldn't provide public schools.  Do you really think the majority of people would send their kids to school if they had to pay for it?

And before you say something stupid, renters do not pay property tax.  The majority of urban denizens rent.
&gt;Fitzgerald is not literature (he was a terrible writer and his stories were horribly dull honestly). 

However some writers who aren't great authors stylistically evoke enough of your next paragraph (time/place etc.) that they become classics, and counted as great literature. Kerouac comes to mind. Others just turn your mind upside down.

Literature can be about many things, not just style, writing ability, or even plot.
Kids with poor ignorant parents deserve an education, too.
no, the opposite - I was (poorly) saying that advanced math isn't as critical as "everyday" math like money management. not that I wouldn't encourage calculus in high school (it's useful in helping teens decide where to take their education in the future, even if it's away from more math), but it shouldn't be taught to the exclusion of other important skills
Preem'll fix it for us, don't worry.
*Invisible Man*, not *The Invisible Man*
Many of them will never need or want to know what is being taught. Perhaps it's time that we rethink how and what we teach instead of the subjective bullshit that was the gold standard fifty years ago. If they don't know what Hitler represents, that's a problem. If they have no idea he was Chancellor, I don't see how that is a problem. Who is the architect of these questions anyway? I've never heard of "The Invisible Man" and I hardly consider myself ignorant. I'm not American taught and that may play a role in why I was not exposed to it.
dood that lo
That is a little obscure. However, I was a little surprised when I met a 19 year old who had never heard of *1984*.
no child left behind is leaving schools with no choice but to teach english and math... everything else is getting lost in the shuffle. it is quite sad that no child left behind is leaving every child behind. i am so tired of this belief by people that we are the best and brightest country in the world... but in fact we no child is taking away our children's right to learn.. they are loosing electives left and right.. music about all but forgotten except what they see on the mtv. is this control by those fucks in the government to keep the next generation dumb so they don't question? because you can't look to the future with out knowing the past and the mistakes made before them. 

it seems like the solution to any monetary short coming by the government (especially here in california) education funds are always tapped into.. why is education always the first to go. when i started college in 2000 i watched by community college costs go from 13 dollars a unit to 24.. over night!!!!
IN the last few decades, there's been a pull away from rote memorization and a push towards application and synthesis of information. Students are not STUPID, they just don't spend hours memorizing random facts.
I couldn't have named Invisable man, I've heard of it, but their are so many famous important books nowadays that the idea of a standard canon that you can expect people to know is becoming less and less realistic.
What is this "history" and "literature" that you speak of?
You know you're getting old when the newspapers you read often go on about the language, knowledge and behavior of today's youth.
In other news, retirees live in stunning ignorance of technology and comparative religion.
I agree but how is school teaching children to know when they don't know.  I think knowing how to read supports that discovery better than memorizing dates, names and spelling (although I do wish mine was better).

BTW, 'Shakespeare' is the most common spelling but not the only.
I stole my copy from the school's library, cause no one had read it in like 30 years.
Attack my comment, not me. It will save us the long pointless exchange of me calling you a dumbfuck and you replying in kind.
What are the second and third most influential books of the 20th century? You seem to have authority over this kind of information.
You are constructing a false dichotomy. Education *isn't* an education when it leaves you ignorant, it's a daycare and a means of oppression.
probably not...but that doesn't mean anything
also, there is a difference between being dumb and being ignorant and the article clearly states that teenagers live in "stunning ignorance."

Example: If you didn't know the difference between being dumb and being ignorant, you would be considered ignorant, not dumb.
recurring themes. Plural. Authors have influences and they also have peers. If there were no recurring themes and ideas in literature, there would be no point in reading it. Stop praising one book. You're starting to sound like a cult member. There is a whole world of literature and ideas from which 1984 takes its ideas from. You're treating a book like an individual experience. It really isn't. As long as I'm reading, that's really all that matters from your vantage point.

1984 for example draws some of its themes from We, an earlier dystopian novel by Yevgeny Zamyatin. You can't appreciate something fully unless you are somewhat aware of its origins.

I don't listen to music so your allusion floated right over my head.
&gt; when you get fired from one job after the other for talking back to your moron boss.

Ah, so you *were* raised by wolves.  Me, I had a family, and that taught be something about mouthing off and doing what needs to be done.

&gt; If not at school, where would one learn these things? 

I learned them before I went to school (and still have an idiosyncratic writing style from my private exercises), and have since in school learned only a small fraction of what I know now.  Where did I learn the large fraction, you wonder?  Look around you: it's a literate society, with bookstores and trash and the internet.  The *idea* that a modern person needs a school to teach him his own native language, it's just-- why don't you also wonder how teenage girls pick up their highly-abbreviated communication?  Surely a *school* must be involved?

&gt; Do you really think the majority of people would send their kids to school if they had to pay for it?

Dear, they *do* have to pay for it.  If you mean, would they send their children to private schools in the post-apocalyptic world where they no longer have to pay taxes for it -- a world immediately with higher incomes, ultimately more prosperous economics, ultimately cheaper and better education -- no, many of them would not.  And their children would be *better* educated than otherwise, by this change alone.

&gt; And before you say something stupid, renters do not pay property tax

Gee, who do you think *does* pay property tax in that circumstance?  Could it be... the people who own the property that the renters rent?  How do you suppose that these property owners pay the tax?
&gt; the US had invented democracy.

Indeed!  'Democracy' is the old American word for 'government', derived from the root 'democrat', which meant 'politician' as far back as pre-revolutionary times.
&gt; What is the important part? How the German political system worked or that Hitler was a bad guy and lead Germany when it was doing bad things.

The first could be interesting; the latter is shallow trivia.  The Nazi [economic system (pdf)](http://www.mises.org/books/vampireeconomy.pdf) is *fascinating* -- but any K-12 history class will only waste time that a child might otherwise put towards finding books like that.  It's not from sudden neurological change that significant learning strikes first at college, but from the timely end of the stultifying regime of what we call 'public school'.
&gt;I couldn't have named Invisable man

Apparently, you can't spell it either. Ha.

Also, with this title, people get the Ellison and Wells books mixed up.
Aw. Someone got a brain ache.
I'd love to take the test. Just as a diagnostic.
&gt; Apparently, you can't spell it either.

Oh, it's just a typo for The Inadvisable Man -- a non-fiction work about the Bush Presidency.
Aside, this may interest you: [Of Greater Import Than History: Psychiatry in Fiction (pdf)](http://mises.org/journals/jls/2_1/2_1_3.pdf).  It begins with an explanation of its method.
You had a family?  Parents that taught you things?  Congratulations on being privileged.  An astoundingly large amount of people aren't.  

Those same people very likely would never even bother to learn how to read and write if not for schools.  For the same reason they didn't bother teaching their kids anything, their parents would NOT spend money sending them to school.

Don't call me dear.  I don't appreciate being patronized by some douche from a gated community in Connecticut or some bullshit, isolated from the real world.

Also, learning one's native language from one's surroundings is ENTIRELY different from learning to read and write.
&gt; Those same people very likely would never even bother to learn how to read and write if not for schools.

And they are so stupid that they wouldn't learn  even from being repeatedly fired from jobs for insubordination!  Don't tell me more about these imaginary subhumans of yours.
Ah, I concur.
No, I'm not.  You're just exaggerating.  Schools teach kids skills.  Reading, writing, and arithmetic would never be taught to these children otherwise.  As horrible as schools are with rewriting history and instilling conformity, the benefits in the case of the aforementioned kids with poor ignorant parents are essential.
Well knowing that Kaiser = King would be fairly important to know, and from there being able to deduce from the lack of crown-wearing Hitler photos that he WASN'T a king but an elected leader is the kind of thing that they should be able to do even if they didn't have the answer memorized.
"Books are for Commies" turned into "Books are for fags" and now has become "Books are for old people".

Any way you cut it, it comes up dumb.
That one did jump out at me as a stupid and politically loaded question.

"Invisible Man" isn't really that great of a book, but it's become one of the standard books a district slips onto the curriculum specifically because it has a black author.  It's good in its own right, but that's the real reason so many kids read it in highschool.

Which is one (flawed) reason why your average student is expected to know it.  Shit, this is 2008, not 1970 - that book is feeling its age and there are more relevant works out there that address race in America NOW not THEN.
You can't make bread without grain, and you can't analyze shit without facts.
Not really.  Besides, the amount of time it takes to teach calculus is prohibitively high compared to its use in future carreers outside of science or engineering.  Time would be better spent on making sure students know HOW and WHEN to use the math they know.
&gt; ever since we fought the communists in WWII.

Wait a second. "Fought the communists in WWII"?

What do you mean? Who fought communists in WWII?
[deleted]
I can reply in more detail, but first let me check.  Did you follow the link I included to the Conservapedia article?
Sure. gather and synthesize, not memorize. You don't memorize a bread recipe and expect to eat it without putting it all together and learning how to bake with practice.
&gt; I don't listen to music so your allusion floated right over my head.

Harsh! The plot thickens. I find your methods questionable, fairykarma, but interesting nevertheless. And it seems a worthy road you travel, though I would never take it.
Yes, nowadays kids do not learn much more than to pass standardised tests. I consider it almost a form of mutilation to concentrate largely on this at the expense of developing other cognitive capacities. It all boils donwn to the fact that kids' education and intellect are sacrificed to the perceived (or real) needs of the economy and the false promise of job-security (unless you study to become an undertaker).  
But learning "basic stuff" by heart is simply necessary in order to concentrate on the really important part without losing the time it takes to look it up and make sure. Just imagine how it would be if the guys in the ER started looking up information before intervening every time someone was brought in: they need to know all the elements of their job or people die. A mechanic needs to know his parts and tools, a programmer his code &amp; algorithms, a lawyer his laws, and a citizen should know his rights and duties.  
Also, knowing history puts things into perspective. I am almost certain that had the history of the Vietnam war been more present in the minds of the masses, opposition to the war would have started a lot earlier with much broader support. The sad part is that a lot of people who oppose the war now do so because it is "popular" (to oppose it), just as they watch this or that TV show because "everybody" else is watching it. The point is that they do not consciously make informed decisions themselves but kind of follow the flow. If they knew their history, they would make more coscious, more reasonable decisions and be less prone to being manipulated in much the same way and with much the same old tricks as the public back then was manipulated.  
p.s. I mentioned spelling only to make a point; in the age of spellcheckers, misspellings are easily remedied. (I do, however, try to maintain a personal discipline in spelling, simply because I believe that when you do something you ought to do it right (fully knowing that I am not infallibe (but that's ok, I'm human, after all)). Otherwise what's the point?)
Imaginary?  Jesus Christ man, you really are isolated from the real world.
The people who in your imagination would never bother to learn how to read or write 'if not for schools', do they in your experience never bother to learn how to read or write 'with the complicity of schools'?
Yes, they are taught how to read and write in school.  They are forced, just as kids are forced to learn many things they do not want to learn at the time.  In your case, your parents fulfilled their obligation of teaching you these things.  In most cases, they do not.
&gt; Yes, they are taught how to read and write in school. They are forced,

Wow!  All I have to say then, is: **why are the schools holding back**?  They have the power to force people to learn, why do they stop with  linguistic and mathematical literacy?  Why do they dilute their coercion with playtime and play-classes?  With twelve years of forced learning, the schools should be churning out stuff to put renaissance men to shame.
I do not. Classes like calculus still bring you a shit load of knowledge that (I'd say) about at least 60% of people will need at some point, at least here in Canada. 
I've talked about the US before and got shut down for over-evaluating certain things, so I might be doing it again. But in my opinion both our nations are becoming nations that have an intellectual workforce (aka most of us get a post secondary education). As soon as you get into Univerity, most programs demand that you have a basic knowledge of calculus. 
Then again, we might argue what the use of learning calculus in university is... But keep in mind that the mind is like a muscle. Sit around and don't bother using it, you're gonna keep trying to find ways not to. And we all know where that leads.

Basically, what I'm trying to say, is that if we teach our kids that constantly thinking is normal and encouraged, it's a ... way of life (?) that they will adopt. Which is good. Very good.
Now, could we be doing this through other subject matter? Probably, but math is one of the best subject in which you can force yourself to use that gray matter.
Public highschools do not prepare you for either life or work, and they have been shown to be ineffective/inefficient in teaching reading/writing/math to those in poverty. A crappy trade school is a thousand times more effective/efficient in teaching useful life skills than even middle-of-the-road state highschool. 

Public highschools in poverty stricken areas are a means of social control and oppression.
I see.  You've just been trolling me.  No one could really be that fucking dense.  Kudos, you got me.
I said schools, not high school.  You wanna teach a 10 year old how to be an electrician?
I started fixing computers, performing network security and programming professionally when I was 15. If an average guy like me can learn to do that on my own, you can teach a teen how to be an electrician (if that what the teen wants). Maybe not at 10, but I was talking about highschools. People don't give kids enough credit. Tradeschools teach general knowledge, they also teach a useful skill.
The average person does not learn tradeskills on their own.  I take it you owned a personal desktop computer at the time that you started doing these repairs?
I am well within the range of average, my access was well within the range of average for the time. 

I think tradeschool and apprenticeships are a great idea.

We would have more tradeschools if it wasn't for the anti-competitive nature of current state schools. Heck, even a universal voucher program would be a step in the right direction.
look, you switched the entire conversation to the benefits of vocational education during high school.  I'm fine with that.  My original argument was that you said public schools are inexcusable and I said poor kids need education too.

Summary:
I don't know what we are.
I have the same question.
I don't know much about literature.
If not at school, where would one learn these things?
I say reading and math.
*Invisible Man*, not *The Invisible Man*
That's the most ignorant comment I have read in a while.
&gt; If not at school, where would one learn these things?
&gt; That's the most ignorant comment I have read in a while.
Kids generally only learn what one teaches them.
I was about to ask the same question.
You don't get out into the world and talk to people much, do you?
&gt; How to read, how to write, how to talk to people,

You think you got these from school?
I don't know why, but I'm not equipped as a person to read literature.
And as for reading and writing...
I think that forcing kids to read literature destroys the love of it.
Yes, they are taught how to read and write in school.
It's a really good book.
I guess that means I'm stupid?
&gt; Yes, they are taught how to read and write in school.
That's what I was wondering.
&gt; I guess that means I'm stupid?
Those same people very likely would never even bother to learn how to read and write if not for schools.
&gt; Those same people very likely would never even bother to learn how to read and write if not for schools.
seems like a good % to me.
You can learn a lot about a time just by reading books written then.
I thought the question was "is our children learning".
I read a lot of classics, and I haven't read that.
Do I know what I myself mean by *education*?
I said schools, not high school.
I am well within the range of average, my access was well within the range of average for the time.
I agree but how is school teaching children to know when they don't know.
If the only way to get kids to read literature is to force them, then they already have no love for it.
I was going to say "Parents live in stunning ignorance of their Teenagers" but that works too.
I think the findings of the study discussed in the article are important, and kids should learn history and be exposed to literature.
Get rid of forced public schools, and people will actually learn.
&gt; Do you really think the majority of people would send their kids to school if they had to pay for it?
Do you really think the majority of people would send their kids to school if they had to pay for it?
I am interested in reading all of the questions asked, as well as the responses.
Remember, it's just one book.
Most people were not educated to the same level before public schooling.
If there were no recurring themes and ideas in literature, there would be no point in reading it.
The question we should be asking is not "are our children learning" but instead "what are our children learning".
It's good in its own right, but that's the real reason so many kids read it in highschool.
So don't crucify me for not reading one book.
You can't study everything at school.
I don't read much literature, and I don't speak or type in "net speak" all the time.
Many of them will never need or want to know what is being taught.
Is that studied in school?
Parents that taught you things?
If they have no idea he was Chancellor, I don't see how that is a problem.
You know, I was thinking yesterday, about what it would be like if our country was a parliamentary one.
And we all know where that leads.
Second of all, you're only showing yourself to be stupid.
&gt;I think that forcing kids to read literature destroys the love of it.
All I have to say then, is: **why are the schools holding back**?
I would say this is the case of people reading literature as history ;)

I'm not trying to say literature is worthless, or anything.
They are forced, just as kids are forced to learn many things they do not want to learn at the time.
People just don't seem to care if they remember these things.
What is this "history" and "literature" that you speak of?
This has nothing to do with talking to people.
People don't give kids enough credit.
&gt;Do I know what I myself mean by education?
&gt; nobody seems to be giving two shits

Do you give two shits?
If the kids can't even get near the right century, that's bad.
I'm not sure how that would work with European explorers but it's useful for other things.
First of all, it was a class on history (WWI at that time as well.)
I'm not sure what this has to do with my comment..
&gt; What is the important part?
Right, and kids aren't being taught critical reasoning skills.
Example: If you didn't know the difference between being dumb and being ignorant, you would be considered ignorant, not dumb.
And there were people who showed up every day (I knew a few of them) read the stuff, did the homework, and FAILED.
Your average high school teacher reads NYT?
You may as well start reading older works now.
You can still understand the meaning and importance of that fact without knowing when it happened.
No, it means that you are ignorant of influential literature.
If they don't know what Hitler represents, that's a problem.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.92
