Original Response:
Silver is the poor man's gold.
Worse - Silver is absolutely, unavoidably necessary for some industrial processes and with availability going down, you've got to prioritize delivery in the very near-term to industry.
[deleted]
Title is misleading. The Mint is rationing silver coins that it creates, not silver itself. It's a matter of too much demand for not enough coin making supply, not too much demand for silver itself.
[deleted]
We should do what we did for gold for silver.  Silver traders will throw a fiat =).
If you're out and about you should be able to buy bullion silver coins. They're a far better deal than silver rounds, be it eagles or maple leafs. Plus a big bonus, this worn old coinage is far harder to counterfeit than the current "investment" mint product. The thinking is if a crisis comes, silver will be monetized again. Makes sense. We're already seen that in past commodity crises. And it's beginning to happen during the current gas squeeze. I bought $5.35 face old silver coins (from a single dealer) at a local flea market on the weekend for five times face. Great deal! All I had to do was ask as I went booth to booth there. It's out there. Also, go to your bank in the US, and take out a couple hundred rolls of halves. Check them. I guarantee you at least one if not more silver halves will be there. I have a buddy in NY state that's been doing this for years. He's got a pile of silver, acquired without any markup!
There are hundreds of millions of ounces of silver squirreled away in dresser drawers all over the USA. Nearly all those Kennedy half dollar pieces were collected, not spent.

If the price goes up enough, they will end up melted.
Looks like we're in the midst of a silver/gold bubble.

Oh wait, bubbles can only happen to wall street bankers, not ron paul devotees.
[deleted]
I have been watching those squirrels..I knew they were up to something (besides robbing my birdfeeders).  Seriously, a lot of stuff was melted when the Hunt brothers tried to corner the market.  I do agree with you that the amount 'squirreled' away by average people has to be mind boggling.   True story.  I was at a gas station and the clerk gave me a silver quarter in change. I heard it ring when it dropped into my hand when he paid me and instantly knew what it was.  He noticed the sound too and asked me to see the coin.  I told him it was a quarter made from silver and being very young he had never even seen one.  I told him he could have it back for a regular quarter if he wanted to keep it but he declined.  Instant $3.00 profit.  Anyways, it speaks to inflation that a older quarter is now worth several times the face value in bullion.  If you have never handled coins made from silver before, go get a handful at a coin shop.  You will see why it has been used for money for years and years.  It even sounds like money when it rings together in your pocket.  

http://www.coinflation.com/

scroll down for bullion value of older 90 percent silver coins.
Also watch out for birds!

http://www.snopes.com/photos/animals/carwash.asp
Another source of silver is jeweler's supplies. About a half-year ago, I received a quick shipment of .99 silver from these folks: http://www.monsterslayer.com

Another source to consider is Craig's List.  There are pages and pages of people selling their jewelry, and from the prices they're asking, I am presuming that many sellers are not aware of the scrap value of their gold and silver.
Well this is good for me. I got into the bubble early. Can't wait to sell off and profit before the pop.

Bubbles are good if you happen to be "in" while they grow.
&gt;Worse - Silver is absolutely, unavoidably necessary for some industrial processes and with availability going down, you've got to prioritize delivery in the very near-term to industry.

So is all the other precious metals.
Your graph a) is not sourced and b) conveniently cuts out at 2006.

See the last graph at the bottom: http://europe.theoildrum.com/node/3106

Your gold's not lookin so hot all of a sudden.
This market is just right for counterfeits if buyers are this desperate. Most people, buying these coins for the first time, may not realize they've just purchased a slug of white jeweler's metal covered with a thin silver flash coat.

I know there are guys here in Providence, Rhode Island, who are quite expert at making fake coins. This is because of the ready availability of larcenous jewelry designers and old mob wiseguys. There's even this one old mafia geezer in his eighties who's been busted three times for striking his own fake coins. Last time he got out of jail, he went right back to making fake quarters.

Just a heads up. Only buy silver from a licensed dealer. The aforementioned old geezer may be back on the street.
That's great, but in the grand scheme of things bullion markets are just as efficient as any other market. In the long run gold will not perform better (and historically it has performed worse) than plain vanilla index funds like Fidelity Spartan 500.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bubbles cannot occur in commodity markets. Never have, never will. Brief price spikes, yes. But commodity prices have been rising rapidly since 2004, for over four years. Self-reinforcing speculative bubbles, as in stocks and houses, require special new supply of credit (e.g., CDO backed mortgages during the housing bubble). 

To have a speculative bubble you must also have artificial scarcity that lasts for years. 

Commodities markets quickly correct by bringing more supply onto the market. 

See [The Next Bubble](http://www.harpers.org/archive/2008/02/0081908) to learn asset bubbles work. No bubble in silver.
&gt;and historically it has performed worse

Has gold had an economic crash anything like those of stocks or fiat currencies?

If you know of any instances, please link to source.
If you had held onto your stocks during the great depression you would have seen a 27% average ROI within a decade.

Summary:
I got into the bubble early.
We should do what we did for gold for silver.
If you're out and about you should be able to buy bullion silver coins.
Another source of silver is jeweler's supplies.
I told him it was a quarter made from silver and being very young he had never even seen one.
I guarantee you at least one if not more silver halves will be there.
Silver is the poor man's gold.
Last time he got out of jail, he went right back to making fake quarters.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
