Original Response:
&gt;There are many potential Kosovos in the international community – a great number of these within the United States of America itself,

Yeah, I can *completely* see the United States being torn apart by regional separatist armies committing atrocities against people with out-of-state plates. (now imagine that said  in the voice of Comic Book Guy)

Seems to me this is nothing but a few crackpots exciting the imaginations of some still resentful Russians.
As long as there is oil they'll be eating freedom fries. Or they'll have to swap their land for a piece of worthless desert, and make money by selling gems to tourist.
There's some crackpot group in every state that wants to secede from the Union. Not only is this worthless news, it's from Pravda. If a retarded clown wrote a custard pie manifesto, it would probably make it into Pravda.
I do believe a Russian paper stated Vermont was planning to secede as well.
Wait...did they just mention Kosovo and fail to mention Chechnya? Unlike Alaska, there is an actual independence struggle going on in Chechnya.
Where's Joe?
We in the Maryland secessionist movement are not crackpots. Just you wait. When we get the chance, we are splitting off and we are taking Delaware with us.
Ya? How's that working out for the independent nation of Vermont? Oh wait, STATE of Vermont? Guess that answers that.
&gt; There's some crackpot group in every state that wants to secede from the Union.

Tell me about it. That applies outside the states too. I moved from Texas to Quebec. Yeah...
Let the Alaska people free, or we should boycott US's future olympic game.
heh, kind of reminds me of Bolivia.  Every time a country has a region with oil in it, someone in that area wants to secede.  But seriously this has like 0 chance of happening.  

LOL "The AIP leadership realizes more education of Alaska's population regarding this slice of Alaskan History is necessary"  Translated this means that even their own mothers dont listen to them.
Get in line behind Vermont.
Has George Thorogood weighed in on this? My understanding is that he's the leading authority figure in Delaware.
The Nine Nations of North America.

The US doesn't work as a concept anymore. Break it up into seperate nations. As a New Englander, I have much more in common with a Maritimer than a Texan.
Ah, but the big question is: will you take back the land you ceded to make DC?
(stifled laughter)
From Texas to Quebec??

In another lifetime, about twelve years ago, I moved from Alberta to Quebec. I thought *that* was culture shock.

How do you explain Quebec to people back home? As a French speaking Massachusetts with poutine?
[deleted]
Yes. We will also recover the portions of Northern Maryland that Pennsylvania stole from us with the help of those crooks, Mason and Dixon.
George Thorogood and the Deleware Destroyers will be no match for the Maryland National Guard.
Is this like the Russian Onion?
I just googled The Nine Nations of North America. Pretty short-sighted, or smug and elitist, of Garreau to consider the most beautiful, most diverse, and recently some of the most economically important parts of the continent The Empty Quarter, as though it were some lifeless, barren wasteland. Why? He doesn't like guns 'n' God and strip mining?
[deleted]
That'd be pretty funny, in a twisted way, if Alaska became the US's tibet.
Ukraine has always been part of Russia! Wait... what?!
I tend to mention the more lax legal system (from what I've witnessed mind you), the lower drinking age, life in Montreal, etc. Kinda paint the quasi-European picture. 

On poutine: a friend spent his early childhood here and always asks me about the stuff. I can't stomach it unless I'm freezing *and* desparate.

...My experience with Massachusetts chiefly comes from being frightened to death when Boston broke out in mania when flooding, on top of the then incomplete Big Dig, had stranded me and my mother in a subway station for hours. So I can't really connect it to times here :P
While we are supporting the Free-Tibet movement, it is not so funny when we also support the Free-Alaska Independence Movement. Tibet is a contiguous part of China, Alaska is not.
how bout that idiot Abe?
Hottest bartenders in North America would be a start..
That was a while ago. Maybe secession from an imperial, corrupt, and bankrupt Amerika is not such a bad idea.
The only beef I have with Lincoln is when he gave West Virginia its own statehood, rather than transferring the land to Maryland, which would have been the logical thing to do.
Alaska gets the most Federal dollars per capita of any state. They run a wastrel state economy where the oil revenues are given in piecemeal to the citizens instead of invested in the state. Alaska succession would be to its own detriment.
Probably because he knew the audience that would be receptive to his book. Though he could have named it the Wild West, or Cowboytopia or anything other than the Empty Quarter.
A few comments from someone living in Alaska (me):

In talking to people about the Alaska Independence Party, I've found that the great majority consider the AIP's secession platform to be a joke. 

In practice, the AIP seems to be just another way for a politician to get a political organization behind them, particularly if they are relatively conservative and emphasize local issues. In fact, a few years ago I read about one politician (name forgotten) who was running as an AIP candidate, and was surprised to learn of their secession position.

It appears that Walter Hickel (quoted at the beginning of the article) was one of these candidates-of-convenience. Yes, he was nominated by the AIP, but there is no reason to think he ever supported secession. See [his Wikipedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter_Joseph_Hickel) for more info.

That said, the Hickel quote is quite true. Here it is (FTA):
&gt; Political parties, both Republican and Democrat, dominate from Washington, D.C., and [don't] quite understand the political problems, or opportunities, in an arctic and subarctic country.

Since moving here a few years back, I've seen the truth of this again and again: one-size-fits-all policies decided by politicians in D.C. often don't match up with Alaskan realities. We see this with hunting regulations, policies on "American Indians" applied to Alaska Natives whose situation is quite different, etc. And lots of little things. For example, everyone in Alaska knows that "physical address" and "mailing address" are different things. But the IRS doesn't.

A final note: As I said, the AIP's secession position is mostly treated as joke. However, I wonder if that might not be so much the case in another decade, given the direction the U.S. is headed ....
Empty because that's its main aesthetic feature: emptiness.
I think you should now that war in Chechnya is over (a couple of years ago) and there is established pro-russian (and pro-chechen) government and elected president Ramzan Kadyrov (many Russians don't like him). All major separatists are dead - Basaev, Mashadov, dozens of "generals". My family was in Chechnya last summer at musical festival, I saw their amateur photos, there is really no war or independence struggle.
To give this a serious answer: that would've been a *bad* idea.  MD was something like 40% pro-Southern, and rail and telegraph lines through MD were frequently sabotaged.  (This was a serious problem for the North, since it would've been disastrous for DC to be isolated.) Lincoln pulled various tyrant tricks to keep MD in line, including suspending habeas corpus and arresting pro-Southern legislators.  (Source: *All The Laws But One,* by then-Chief Justice Rehnquist.)

WV, on the other hand, was a region that was sufficiently anti-Southern to make the effort to break away.  For Lincoln to make them part of MD would've been just plain stupid.

Summary:
I moved from Texas to Quebec.
The Nine Nations of North America.
That was a while ago.
I just googled The Nine Nations of North America.
How's that working out for the independent nation of Vermont?
Get in line behind Vermont.
There's some crackpot group in every state that wants to secede from the Union.
Oh wait, STATE of Vermont?
&gt; There's some crackpot group in every state that wants to secede from the Union.
In another lifetime, about twelve years ago, I moved from Alberta to Quebec.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
