Original Response:
We don't torture detainees.  Period.

Now, define torture.  :)

They're using Clintons playbook, "I did not have sex with that girl"..."Define sex."
Unfortunately, at this point it is quite obvious that for the most part, Americans do not care if torture is occurring. 

We care more about the credit crisis and gas prices.
[deleted]
I want to see this part of the video too. Go internet army, go.
Although it's nice to see Thomas press issues like this, Dana Perino (or any press secretary) would sooner tell a blatant lie or just refuse to answer rather than contradict the administration.
Perino &gt; Pinocchio
Anyone can deny the truth.  It's called "lies" and "deception".
And reddit...
&gt;We care more about the credit crisis and gas prices.

Yeah, and people don't mind torture.

Me: Hey, you know we're torturing people, right?
American: Yeah, well, I just think of seeing those towers come down.

That's a real conversation. Not from some bumpkin, but from an upper middle class type, with a fair shake of money and an education.
Thanks Captain. Christ, the point of her asking questions like this, is so that we see it, and by we I mean all of us fucksticks that stand by and do nothing as our civil liberties erode and atrocities are committed in our name, and hopefully we get mad enough to roll off the couch.
In contrast, I live in a town of bumpkins, and the conversations I have every day, it's a wonder I haven't offed myself.
Oh.
Myspace and Facebook talking about where the next party is or stalking some chick.

Reddit, talking about the video in question.

*Edit: You know what fuck that. I'm not going to make excuses, we're just as guilty. We need to do something.
rtsp://video.c-span.org/60days/whpb042308.rm

At about 5:30

Helen needs to take the pictures with her next time.
And doing...
You're the man, thanks very much.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I notice Dana Perino smirks when she hears Helen Thomas said "where's everybody" and nobody stepped up to back up Thomas. (6:53)

This is sickening.
Honestly, seven years into this administration, I think people are just trying to shut everything from the white house out, whether it's an important issue or not. They're all waiting for answers from the candidates.
Journalistic integrity: let me show you it.  
Unfortunately, nowadays would-be "journalists" (especially those of the White House Press Corps) wouldn't know real journalism if it were shoved in their face.
Time to start a new country, composed of the people who still give a damn.
Perino: "Those are 'shopped. I can tell by the pixels."
&gt;Why the FUCK does the video cut off before Helen Thomas says “Where is everybody? For God’s sakes.” that is part I want to hear.


Please, oh please, some group of radical revolutionary American Artists, please oh please, take this statement:

"Where is everybody?"

Make a godamn *AWESOME* hit song out of it, get it on the air, and get it out there.  Eminem?  Please?!!  The world needs your insolant naughty ways to wake the fuck up ..
Anyone wonder if it would be a good idea if congress were to pass a law making it illegal for the presidential press secretary to lie during interviews like this?  They could make it a misdemeanor or something akin to perjury.  I don't think it's a good idea to apply this to the President (unless the law was written very well) as then a controlling Congress could oust him for simple matters, but I'm really fed up with all the lies and there needs to be some repercussions for what has been going on.  Anyone see any problems in this or know why it isn't already law?
and having seen quite a few tortures in my day
man, thomas for prez 08! 
I just sent that lady an e-mail, amazing. i asked her what was wrong with her colleagues, if they'd been body snatched.
"...this Thomas women, she's causing us trouble. Someone oughtta, you know, take care of her..."
Where are the people who give a crap and have the courage of their convictions to stand up to these criminals?

A college student owns Ashcroft on torture and in contrast our elite press corp rolls over and asks for a tummy rub while submissively urinating all over the White House press room.

WTF and FSM bless Helen Thomas!
The US would label us as "separatists", "terrorists", and a threat to civilization if we really went through with that.
The irony...

But pretty soon the dissolution of society may cause them to have their attention on other things instead...
Shut yo mouth!
Yes, except when Clinton used it it was about him getting a hummer in the Oval Office.  Now that weasel-language is being used to circumvent the Constitution and the Geneva Conventions.

Don't get me wrong...I'm about the farthest thing from a Clinton fan.  But there's a question of degree here.
Can I smell yo dick?
Some day, there's going to be a monument to Helen Thomas.  That is what a journalist looks like.
Perino: Clearly, they have been Photoshopped, and I've seen quite a few shops in my day.
According to what I see, that girl (Perino) obviously didn't get the job by her brain.
and most Americans care more about flag pins then they do about any other crisis
Time for Helen to retire, "cause they got pictures..." lawl
I've had very similar conversations, also with educated people... the answers tend to be "well, are you saying if you knew you could stop another 9/11, you wouldn't? Besides they wouldn't treat our people well, why should we treat theirs well?"

Facepalm + sigh. How do you explain how wrong this is on many levels? 

The best I was able to come up with in a short enough answer for him to pay attention to was 1) It's wrong. We're supposed to be the good guys, 2) It is way more effective at pissing them off and helping them recruit more people for the next 9/11 than it is for getting intelligence, 3) What happens when the government wrongly thinks that you, your family or friends holds vital information they need when you really don't?

1 was met with "that's nice to think of but this is the real world, we need to compromise and adapt", 2 made a little bit of an impression, 3 was outright dismissed...
[deleted]
Which will force them to rely on even more suppressive and oppressive methods.

Where could one "start a new country" nowadays anyway?

...the moon?

We're backed into a corner globally, and i'm not for letting the elitist bastards displace the constructive, productive and peace-loving people.  That sends the wrong message to those that manipulate laws to disenfranchise peoples and nations.
####WE outnumber THEM 1000 to 1.
you can deny torture when there are pictures only if you redefine the meaning of the word torture
agreed, same thing happened with clinton and reagan.
will she hurry up and die already?
&gt;1 was met with "that's nice to think of but this is the real world, we need to compromise and adapt",
2 made a little bit of an impression,
3 was outright dismissed...

1) The "real" world is what you make of it.  Turning a blind eye on injustices is being "soft on crime".

2)  Treating your prisoners humanely underscores the fairness of your system while highlighting the oppressive nature of their own, thus increasing the chances of cooperation and collaboration.

3)  Governments and government employees DO often make errors in judgement and will go to great lengths to avoid the embarassment of having to admit it.
But, but, the US doesn't do lies and deception, we do "perception management".
Now, that would make for a ridiculously amusing photo-shopped video, wouldn't it?
I'm ready to accept that label and whatever consequences go with it.

Seriously enough is enough. Do you want your grandkids dying in Iraq, Iran and where ever else the fuck?

America does not work for it's citizens. It is a machine to funnel wealth into the hands of a sociopathic oligarchy. I'm tired of feeding and condoning and enduring this!
Jus' talkin' 'bout Helen Thomas.
&gt; We need to do something.

I agree. Upvoted.
She's just another bush lying for Bush
&gt;God bless Helen Thomas, the only good thing about the White House Press Corps.

Fixed the first sentence in the article.
In fairness it only happened with Clinton because of the sex scandal.  Not even the purgery itself.
&gt;That's a real conversation. Not from some bumpkin, but from an upper middle class type, with a fair shake of money and an education.

My experience suggests that well-educated people are simply more sophisticated at rationalizing.
whew. Thank god for Elaine who wanted to know about Zimbabwe!
Exactly.  She asks questions all the time she knows the answers to and that she knows will be side stepped, ignored, or denied.  She does it because it highlights that our government is side stepping, ignoring, and denying things.
big money + media = news that sells.  The priority to report news that informs is barely on the list.
There are quite a few nice countries to live in out there.

Do some traveling and you might find you stop somewhere for good...
Don't forget Whitewater.

Either way, a media firestorm builds up just like it did with Bush, and at this point most comedians and news stories don't want to cover the administration because no one is surprised anymore. It's just so obvious that the govt is messed up that people shrug off attempts to talk about it further.
http://stuffwhitepeoplelike.wordpress.com/2008/02/24/75-threatening-to-move-to-canada/
I'm still waiting to see a massive (a million people at least) "Americans against torture" potest outside the White House.

Big banners with graphic pictures please.

I'm sure Amnesty would help out:
http://www.amnesty.org/

If I was American I would be marching.
Thanks for that.

Note to reddit, please let me save comments without having to post a reply to be able to find it later.
Sorry i cannot protest, i'm doing Overtime on my job to pay for Gas and food on top of my mortgage etc. 

believe me i'm a stingy person but now its getting out of hand. 

but i know all you people will be protesting and marching against open torture that is being done, right?
Bingo! The administration is the one creating the definition so of course they can say they aren't doing it.
It is her job to lie and subvert on behalf of Bush and Cheney.  

Tony Snow was better at it than anyone, not that it is a good thing.

I wonder who Obama will hire?  Maybe Al Franken if he isn't in the Senate?  Or, Bill Maher?  That would help CSPAN's ratings.
Helen Thomas is still alive? Wow. Then surely she remembers the holocaust and Mao's intentional famines and Stalin's gulags and North Vietnamese POW camps and Pol Pot and Iraqi acid torture and can put into perspective what torture actually is and what it isn't. Of course, that might be too much to ask from that dried up, angry, bitter, half-asleep, biased old gasbag that has passed herself off as a 'reporter' for the past 50 years.
And Bill Moyers.  Muthafucka brings it every week on Journal.
I don't know, [Helen Thomas gets a little scary](http://tomautomaton.com/images/helenthomas.png) when you try and put her on a t-shirt. Just sayin'.
[deleted]
&gt;We care more about the credit crisis and gas prices.

Really?!! More like Britney Spears, Polygamist and American Idol.
Vermont.
man, standing up for and covering up the words of bush, talk about a fucking awful job.
Dana Perino should be subjected to Bush's non-torturing techniques for her lies....
Et tu, Tom? A robot made out of a gumball machine? For shame.
You can tell by some of the detainees.
The NSA and Secret Service are way ahead of you.
&gt;I'm ready to accept that label and whatever consequences go with it. ... I'm tired of feeding and condoning and enduring this!

I'm sick of people online playing revolutionary. If you're *actually* willing to accept the consequences of starting a seperatist movement, to put your life on the line for your politics, then do it. Otherwise, vote, protest and campaign, and stop being so damn fatalistic.
and whether Britney's wearing any underwear or not..ooh gotta go American Idol's about to start.
You want an old woman to die so the White House can lie? Sick, man, sick.
The world laughs in your face.
Its a damn shame that she is about as eloquent as my grandmother after six whiskey gingers.

I understood her point, but unfortunately it was not soundbite worthy.
right.
Helen Thomas was doing it before Moyers was even aware of politics.  If anyone is in any doubt as to just how great this woman is, this is what she asked back in 2006, when she was selected to ask a question by Dubya in a press conference for the first time in 3 years (no wonder they don't like to ask her often).

**"I'd like to ask you, Mr. President, your decision to invade Iraq has caused the deaths of thousands of Americans and Iraqis, wounds of Americans and Iraqis for a lifetime. Every reason given, publicly at least, has turned out not to be true. My question is: Why did you really want to go to war? From the moment you stepped into the White House, from your Cabinet—your Cabinet officers, intelligence people, and so forth—what was your real reason? You have said it wasn't oil—quest for oil, it hasn't been Israel, or anything else. What was it?"**

And this is from someone who probably wasn't even expecting to get picked.  Now go to the other thread and find out how to send her flowers...
Mumbler! Seriously, I cannot understand a word you're saying!

*because it made me laugh more than anything else in the movie

http://youtube.com/watch?v=KKFGREngKC0
They're just trying to organize and probe for interest. Calm down, sparks.
It may not be what you had in mind but some redditors from another thread for this story have set up a chipin page to collect money to send her flowers.

If you haven't seen it already, here's a link to the comment thread:

http://reddit.com/info/6gymw/comments/c03t7k5
Well not exactly what I had in mind, but I'm down to do this anyway. At least she'll no her efforts aren't in vain. Thanks for the link.
Then we can dig it...
http://www.cnn.com/video/#/video/us/2008/04/24/sots.prescott.prince.cnn
[deleted]
I propose that we call this new land "Givadamia."
Instead of Internet Tough Guys, Internet Revolution Guys?
Don't worry, I'm not as angry normally as my above comment may imply. ;-) I'm okay with political unrest. It just annoys me when people say they're serious about resisting the government and then they go microwave a pizza and watch TV.
Do you see a means for ordinary individuals to bring about change, particularly where the likelihood of success can come close to balancing out the personal sacrifice needed? I think most people understand, explicitly or implicitly, the difficulty of this goal.
Please god not Bill Maher. Every press conference will turn into a rantfest on the evils of Big Pharm and how we can all be fantastically healthy by living on only alfalfa sprouts and tofu.
And he'll invoke the idea of Ann Coulter having an orgasm.
I saw him perform once for my birthday and he made that comment and I will never forgive him for it. *shudder*
Plus Helen Thomas would kick his ass too.  I think maybe Jon Stewart might have a better delivery style.
Um... 2006? Are you joking?

Bill Moyers WAS the press secretary from 1965-1967.
The solution to the problem is quite simple.  Vote for the best candidates (including the local level) rather than the candidates with the best chances of winning.

How many people on either side of the aisle felt that Kucinich or Paul were the better candidates but didn't vote for them because that would amount to a "wasted" vote?

Look, ultimately, people get the government they deserve.
[deleted]
People thought they were doing that when they voted Democrats into Congress in 2006. 

I suspect you're focused more on major party primaries and third parties. But the major party establishment works very hard to marginalize any candidates not to their liking. 

There's a degree of satisfaction an individual can gain by voting for the best candidate at every opportunity regardless of their chance of winning. But if good people do nothing more than vote every two years, I honestly don't think that's enough to really make things better.
well, thanks for giving it to me, too.
nice!
Save eloquence for the ball-room, this is world  politics. It was not only soundbite worthy, it was worthy of international news, as you may discover in the coming days.
That's a bald faced lie. I've seen her ask the tough questions a multitude of times. Your wrong.
Are we hard up for a hero or heroin or what?
http://thunderinyourear.blogspot.com/2005/10/lesson-learned.html
That's a good article, but...I guess I'm more pessimistic than you. I'll leave it at that.
I'm not in the least bit optimistic.  I wrote that article as a way to express what I believe is the first of many steps that need to be taken in order to turn our society around.

That said, in now way, shape or form do I believe it will happen.  The society we have created (and in many ways perfected) is built on a faulty foundation and is in the process of burning itself out.  I believe only a tremendous disaster on a global scale (think Star Trek) will force us to rebuild anew.
Actually, IMHO Ari Fleischer was, by far, the best press secretary that GWB ever had.  He was a pretty badass obfuscator.  He could get away without blatantly lying most of the time - impressive given how much there was to lie about during the runup to war.
Time to fix the one we have.
The point is the use of the definition defense.  A blatant lie isn't purjury if the person who told it believed it to be the truth when told.
I'm still waiting.... So far I have seen it on Reddit only.
ANNNNNNNNDDDD still waiting.

Perhaps I was right?

Summary:
I want to see this part of the video too.
Yeah, and people don't mind torture.
and having seen quite a few tortures in my day.
But if good people do nothing more than vote every two years, I honestly don't think that's enough to really make things better.
Well not exactly what I had in mind, but I'm down to do this anyway.
Besides they wouldn't treat our people well, why should we treat theirs well?"
American: Yeah, well, I just think of seeing those towers come down.
&gt;God bless Helen Thomas, the only good thing about the White House Press Corps.
We need to do something.
I don't know, [Helen Thomas gets a little scary](http://tomautomaton.com/images/helenthomas.png) when you try and put her on a t-shirt.
Helen Thomas is still alive?
well, thanks for giving it to me, too.
That is what a journalist looks like.
She's just another bush lying for Bush.
Reddit, talking about the video in question.
It's called "lies" and "deception".
You want an old woman to die so the White House can lie?
They're all waiting for answers from the candidates.
Anyone see any problems in this or know why it isn't already law?
You're the man, thanks very much.
Helen Thomas was doing it before Moyers was even aware of politics.
The world laughs in your face.
Me: Hey, you know we're torturing people, right?
Some day, there's going to be a monument to Helen Thomas.
I'm still waiting to see a massive (a million people at least) "Americans against torture" potest outside the White House.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.16
