Original Response:
[deleted]
The reason mainstream media hasn't picked up on this story is because it's all load of tosh. I can do it too, "The BNP is a great polictical party with many good ideas". No mainstream media outlet would publish that story so therefore it must be true.

The BNPs website isn't a great source accurate news.
It only matters if the election was fixed. But they did show pictures of ballots just in cardboard boxes. It would be very easy to change them or spoil a lot from areas known to support a different candidate.
[Jesse Ventura](http://www.canoe.ca/WrestlingImagesVentura/ventura_boa.jpg), [Arnold Schwarzenegger](http://stylemens.typepad.com/photos/uncategorized/2007/09/27/arnold_1_2.jpg) and [Ronald Reagan](http://www.senorcafe.com/archives/RWR.jpg) did well, let's wait and see.
Pretty much every election is corrupted - you can never, ever trust a politician. Human nature makes them corrupt as they have power.

Still, I like Boris. For a corrupt politician he seems like a good bloke. I can't wait to see what he does next and I'm laughing on my ass about labour's losses. It's also funny to watch all the bleeding heart liberals crying about it, considering Ken was no bleeding heart liberal himself.

I'll be voting Tory in the next election for one reason only. IRAQ. Labour have to go and I will shake the devils hand to make that happen. I am well aware of how immoral the Tory party has been and will be.
Indeed, the election seems to have been very badly excecuted, with confusing ballots:
http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2004/jun/12/uk.london1

/edit this was 2004, not 2008... Seems they did not learn!
The BNP are a far right fringe party known for spreading lies and stirring up hatred. you can't trust anything they say, fascist bastards.
does it really matter which eccentric character runs the economic capital of the world? umm... yes.
No election is safe from the guys who know the "truth".
You made me click to a BNP site, bastard. Now I'm going to have to hack my ISP to get that taken off the logs.
I know how you feel, but voting in order to punish does not make sense. I don’t give a damn about the Labour party – punished, rewarded, whatever. What matters is how the outcome of the next election affects people – rich, poor, black white, Iraqi, British. If you think voting Tory will produce a better outcome for the people you care about, then go ahead and do it. But don’t do it just to punish a small bunch of professional politicians. They don’t matter.
I'm getting labour out to A) stop the war and B) head off a possible war with Iran. Whilst the Tories are immoral pigs also, they won't be able to copy labour so obviously until a few years have passed and everybody has forgotten the election pledges. We have to show every politican there job IS at stake and if they fuck up, they do get booted out. Labour have beeing raping the country straight for 11 years, and have never been properly punished. 

They have brought havoc upon the nation with all the things they have done, Iraq being the one sticking point no one can gloss over. Labour must go. Hell, if somebody assassinated Brown I think we'd all have a street party over here - and somebody might rethink the fucking 10p tax rate. 

Labour must go. I will do anything that I can to make that happen.
Fine -- provided you're sure the Tories won't make things worse. Are you sure they wouldn't support an attack on Iran? I didn't meet many Tories on the anti-war marches back in 2003.
Of course they would, but not straight after an election. Every criminal has to play it cool until the spotlight is off him.

We have all tried voting liberal democrat and they pissed what little power and sway they ever had away on internal power struggles and rent boy scandals. That is why labour won the last election. I will not make the same mistake twice. All democracies end up as a two party system - the lesser of two evils is all one may choose.
They say they are for Rural, Environment and Animal Welfare. How is that right wing?
That's my point really. I'm as sick of Labour as you are, but I still think they are the lesser evil. I suppose there's a case for kicking them out in order to get them to clean up their act a bit, but that would probably mean 10+ years of rule by triumphant Tories. I find that hard to stomach.
Found a new party. Or write someone in.
*laughter*

Do you not remember the monster raving looney party or UKIP? At best all you would do is steal votes. The only way to defeat labour is for people to combine their voting power, divide and conquer has always been the strategy of labour. They offer liberals a palate of liberal ideology yet start wars, raise taxes and sell everything of value off to the highest bidder. They are con men, nothing more.

They must go. Voting tory is the only chance we have to make that happen - the last elections are proof that a vote lib dem was a vote for labour.
I'm in the US so I don't remember much about British politics. 

I think under Blair that Labor had become a second conservative party, so you had two. Seems like a new party is the only way to remedy that.
I wouldn't take too much notice of what they say. Check out their actions.
Lesser evil?

They have gone to war FIVE TIMES since they have come into power, raised taxes, cut health services and sold off things even THATCHER didn't dare sell off. How the hell are they the better of two evils?

We need to rinse our parliment - there is too much rot in there. Once we have labour out, then we can vote liberal or independant. If we don't clear labour out we will have another set of labour. God knows how much more they could fuck up this country.

It's a bitter pill to swallow, but doing the right thing always is. Mathematically the only way to kill labour is with tory votes. When labour get dragged out, David Cameron will know that if he fucks up, they will be straight back in so he will be VERY careful of what he does for the first few years.

I do not think starting a war with Iran would be something he would do at the fragile start of his term - Tony Blair is damaged goods because of Iraq, and everybody knows it.
Blair did copy tory policies, but he made them worse. Thatcher sold the trains off, Tony sold off certain forms of policing (motoways), air traffic control, army equipment production, hospitals and much much more.

I'd rather have the established little demon than the huge out of control one.
I know, I know. (My own job is currently at risk as a *direct* consequence of Labour policies.) But this is exactly how people felt in 1979 (I'm old enough to remember) and look what the anti-Labour vote led to then. Vote them out if you like, but be prepared for things to get much, much worse.
Wait, the seventies are when everything didn't work, and the eighties are when they did? I have read about the strikes and so forth and considering all the strikes we have these days, labour are making the same mistakes over and over. They piss money away. Tories steal our money too, but they do not piss it away. I think they would have actually built more prisons when somebody mentioned we didn't have enough ten years ago.

Surely the tories, despite the horrible things they did, actually helped the economy become stable again? They also initated the only war of recent times that was in defense, the falklands conflict.

TBH, they are shitty but much, much better than labour.
Fine. I've no problem with people voting Tory if they honestly think the Tories will do a better job. My original point was simply that you shouldn't vote Tory just to punish a bunch of Labour politicians. I hope you're right and that the Tories will do a better job. We need it. Nice talking with you. Take care.
Fair enough. Vote any way you wish, but whatever happens let us hope labour go. That is the one thing ever voter in the country has in common.
[deleted]
allie,

the following article may answer some of your questions regarding the philosophies of the BNP and it's leader, Nick Griffin.

http://www.searchlightmagazine.com/index.php?link=template&amp;story=219

Summary:
That is why labour won the last election.
I hope you're right and that the Tories will do a better job.
I'm as sick of Labour as you are, but I still think they are the lesser evil.
I will do anything that I can to make that happen.
Mathematically the only way to kill labour is with tory votes.
I'll be voting Tory in the next election for one reason only.
I am well aware of how immoral the Tory party has been and will be.
I know how you feel, but voting in order to punish does not make sense.
I will not make the same mistake twice.
Labour have to go and I will shake the devils hand to make that happen.
Once we have labour out, then we can vote liberal or independant.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
