Original Response:
Good article!
[deleted]
over simplification
YEAH! What have the Chinese ever done to them?!
[Here is a direct link to a recent CBC film (wmv)](http://www.cbc.ca/mrl3/23265/vsu/wmv-hi-319/VideoSyndication/071217_reluctantdemocracy.wmv) detailing the feelings in neighboring Bhutan, about the change to democracy in their country. They're quite ambivalent about it, actually.
The Tiananmen Square protests were largely due to capitalism, the opening of the market to foreigners ... the working class/labor parties demonstrated against the free market capitalism/neo liberal model that Milton Friedman and his ilk advised Deng Xiaoping to implement. 

This shit also occurred under Pinochet who was also advised by Milton Friedmans Chicago boys. 3,000 working ppl were exterminated. So many more examples but shock doctrine by Naomi Klein has them all.
this may sound like a cliche at this point but by 'consumerist' what is really meant is 'corporatist,' an important distinction that the western press have and will gloss over
The Shock Doctrine is a must read for context on a lot of the current global economic crisises and revolts
The Tibet people, under siege from the Chinese economically and demographically, are simply trying to keep their identity. Nothing wrong with that. If they don't stand up now there's little sense in doing so in the future. Good for them. Since Canada (i.e. its  government) has recently recognized Kosovo, and anyone who lives in Canada knows what a large eye-popping divide exists in our nation between one's vote and government policy, I'm taking this chance, on behalf of all Canadians (a phrase dear to our prime minister's heart), to recognize the independence of Tibet. Canadians fully support the creation of this new nation state. China, beware!
Just like american indians.
To argue that there is one specific reason for rioters' or dissenters' dislike of Chinese governorship is ludicrous. There is not one. Some probably dislike the numbers of ethnic Han Chinese streaming into the the Tibetan regions' capital of Lhasa (indeed, over a few short years Lhasa has gone from having no Han residence to a majority Han residence).

Simplification of an issue is foolish.

There are religious or cultural reasons unrelated to consumerism as well, as represented to the Dalai Lama's objectives.
Can we stop calling the Chinese communist and start calling them fascist yet?
Latest statistics show han Chinese form ~25% of the population of Lhasa. You have any solid sdtatistics showing otherwise?
Don't presume to speak for all Canadians.
I prefer the term "totalitarian".

There's nothing that the government doesn't ultimately control.
[deleted]
Certainly, I shall. In a culture and country nominally democratic, where free speech is constantly under threat, each citizen must and should consider it his or her duty to voice that which the government refuses to recognize: a citizen's right to self-determination.
Wait, I thought Deng was a hardliner cracking down on more liberal elements trying to open up the political process to participation by other parties as well.

Or were all the students misled as well? Cuz ya know, they were protesting for more political freedoms. I may have been misled by that "Statue of Liberty" they built in the square, and all those interviews.

Or, does everything on Reddit now get turned into sounding like a plot for a RPG session of "Cyberpunk 2010" where everything is a corporate plot.
Jesus, the Shock Doctrine is stupid. The premise has existed since the beginning of time. It's not new.

"Think of the Children" and using social turmoil to gain power and leverage is as old as man. It's how Rome fell as a republic, and how the Red Scare came about.

It's not some recent Evil Bildeburgian conservative corporatist plot. Every political group has always done this in some fashion, sometimes Intentionally, sometimes as a kneejerk response by dimwitted masses.
Like a sudden surge of spine on the Liberal benches opposite our grand poobah? Don't lie awake waiting; you'll develop a neurosis.
It's not a new concept, but Klein's way of describing it and using modern examples makes it easier to grasp for more people to interpret  modern and past events.
I am also taking this chance, on behalf of all Americans, to recognize the independence of Quebec.  The French Quebec people have lived under the oppression of the English Canadian for far too long.  The English Canadians have been waging cultural genocide on the French Quebec people.  It's about time for Quebec Independence!
Please provide us with a thorough article or reply to counter this article.
According to wikipedia

&gt; Fascism is an authoritarian political ideology (generally tied to a mass movement) that considers the individual subordinate to the interests of the state, party or society as a whole.

From my gnome dict applet (not sure of its source)

&gt; an authoritarian system of government under absolute control of a single dictator, allowing no political opposition, forcibly suppressing dissent, and rigidly controlling most industrial and economic activities. Such regimes usually try to achieve popularity by a strongly nationalistic appeal, often mixed with racism.
So no chance of having a Wal-Mart in Tibet? That's anti-American. When can we liberate those poor souls to see the light of the free market economy and the bliss of consumption?
This is cliche. "They're not mad at the government, no no no, but something else"... that was directly the responsibility of the government.

Well lets see, last I checked the Chinese government was responsible for many of this stuff. Who destroyed most of the 6000 temples in Tibet? Who is engaging in cultural genocide?  Whom is putting brothels right inside the center of Lhasa?
Yes, but the chicoms are all too eager to help this consumerist threat do in the tibetans' ways of life.
The people of Quebec have voted against independence twice in both of the referenda held on that issue; referenda that were in fact run by, and with votes counted by, the separatist provincial governments. And the separatists still lost.

Your recognition of the independence of Quebec would be an action against the will of the people of Quebec.
The Obama fad is fading. Redditors need a new drum to beat.
If this is true, then Tibetans deserve whatever communism will reign down upon them.  If they cannot understand that oppressive government--it's difficult to find a more oppressive government than communism--will eventually destroy them and their culture then they are fools who don't deserve our respect or help.

To take issue with a *policy* of an oppressive government but not the oppression itself, is idiotic.
Good, now please look into separating Quebec from Canada as well. Oh, and when you're done that, give up your house and land back to the native tribe that first settled the land.
clearly it is difficult to find another government as oppressive as the Chinese government, what with their state sanctioned torture, unfair wealth redistributions amongst a host of other things...
Give welfare checks to most of the population there
Please do do not equate the roving arsonist bands with "Tibetan outrage." Those people running around beating up ethnic Chinese do not speak for the whole of the population of Tibet. au contraire, there is some evidence that they are incited by outside forces who are trying to destabilize China in time for the olympics and for the elections in Taiwan (which just passed successfully for China)
Especially the French Canadians.
Ooooooh, are the Chinese Nationalists out in force now? (not Nationlist Chinese)

Look, the Chinese have no more business being in Tibet than the French have in being in Algeria.
This guy has one post to his name.

I suspect that this thread is being flooded by spastic Chinese patriots defending the Precious Motherly Homeland from the Nasty Splittist Runningdogs.

So are you following the instructions on page 34 of the Little Red Book?
Internet censorship..
kill 1.5 million of them

destroy their culture

destroy 6,000 monasteries

invade them against their will
Everyone knows that the referenda were rigged by the English Canadians.  They do anything to subvert the self determination of the Quebec people.  They infiltrated the Quebec provincial governments and stole the election.  There are no difference between the Tibetan today and the French Quebecan, both are minority oppressed by the dominated culture.

This is a call of all support for the Quebec independent movement.  Quebec will be a proud nation.
Just like the Canadians have no more business in Quebec.  The Canadians need to get out of Quebec and let it be independent.
&gt;Everyone knows that the referenda were rigged by the English Canadians

Uh huh. Funny that you (and everyone else) know that but the Parti Quebecois doesn't.
[deleted]
what's up with all this chinese communist propaganda on reddit?
&gt;Never mind that the rioters in Lhasa were attacking Han Chinese immigrants rather than the Chinese state

Yeah, because the "Chinese State" walks around in human form from time to time and the Tibetens do nothing about this.

&gt;or that the Chinese authorities have been relatively restrained so far

Yeah, since killing a few protesters is common sense, I too am surprised the ever compassionate Chinese government doesn't just kill all the Tibetans.  Thankfully they restrain themselves, we should all be greatfull for that restraint.

&gt;one cautious step behind middle-class public opinion

Public opinion manufactured by state run media

&gt;As for religious freedom, the Tibetans have had more of it in recent years than at any time since the cultural revolution

Yes, now they just get killed if they protest, before they got killed just for being.

&gt;Eager to draw tourists to Tibet, Chinese authorities have helped to rebuild many of the monasteries destroyed by Red Guards in the 1960s and 70s, turning them into Disneylands of Buddhism.

I couldn't find evidence of the rebuilding being approved of by the faithful.  If it is, my bad, but given the openness of the Chinese government I have no fucking idea because I can't find out.

&gt;Tibet's economy has surpassed China's average growth rate

Call me underwhelmed.  Going from nothing to next to nothing is a 100% improvement while China is only doing 10-12%.  Big Deal.  

&gt;The vast rural hinterland shows few signs of this growth, but Lhasa, with its shopping malls, glass-and-steel office buildings, massage parlours and hair saloons, resembles a Chinese provincial city on the make

So the rural Tibetans get the shaft while the Chinese government continues to erode their culture without their having any say what so ever.  I also would like to add that the author doesn't even say how many native Tibetans own those new stores, it's probably close to zero.

&gt;the Chinese failed to consult Tibetans about the kind of economic growth they wanted.

Holy understated truth batman!

&gt;China's floating population of migrant workers, criminals, carpetbaggers and prostitutes conspicuously dominated Tibetan cities such as Lhasa, Gyantse and Shigatse. Half of Lhasa's population is Han Chinese, who own most of the city's shops and businesses.

Thank god the Tibetans had no say in any of this.  Far better for the government to dictate, it's just too bad they hate capitalism, because as we all know, capitalism is the government giving you no ability to chose.  (oh wait)

Honestly I can't go through the rest of this shit fest.  This article is the worst I've read on the guardian.  I don't plan on reading any more from Pankaj Mishra.  It was utter crap, I feel dumber having read it and I only hope some sleep might reverse the damage done.
Those are consequences of being a part of communist "empire". Same thing happened in USSR.
people have no idea what sarcasm is.
Seriously, that's what I thought at first clawing my way through the first few paragraphs, this is shit, who the fuck upmods this?
People are voting you down.  Remind me not to move to Canada.  You guys are scary.
They have no say in any of this.  If I moved into your house and occupied 25% and started to operate a whore house would you seriously be ok with that?  Can you possibly see how someone might have a problem with that?

Edit, btw, if you are cool with that can I get your address?
I'm not a fan of ethnic land ownership. Demographic change happens, and it happens especially fast in a globalized world. 

I have the same disdain for those crying out about a Tibetan 'cultural geneocide' as I do for Americans crying out about the Mexican influx in the southern states and Canadians crying out against the 'Asian Invasion' (influx of Asian immigrants/refugees).

Thye only problem I can see from such migration in Tibet is the reality or perception of Han Chinese enjoying the fruits of modernization while Tibetan Chinese get left behind. In that case, you get not-so-much a situation of 'cultural genocide' as you get a situation of ethnic resentment due to a wealth gap between two or more ethnicities.

For the record, I hope the term 'cultural genocide' falls out of use quickly. Cultural suppression or assimilation are more appropriate, and don't have the effect of cheapening the word 'genocide' further than it has been already.

&gt;Edit, btw, if you are cool with that can I get your address?

Why would you want to know?
You're right. Canucks are sheep. Thankfully, I live in a section of Ontario that is unapologetically free spirited and feisty. We look about us and constantly disparage the cowardice of our fellows. Feels damn good.
Quebec has been declared by our sitting PM to be a "free nation inside a united Canada." I presume Quebec can go anytime its people decide to.
&gt;There are no difference between the Tibetan today and the French Quebecan...

Er, except for the mass-murdering.
It's a callous and hollow world where nothing is sacred in the face of pecuniary gain.
&gt; This shit also occurred under Pinochet who was also advised by Milton Friedmans Chicago boys. 3,000 working ppl were exterminated. So many more examples but shock doctrine by Naomi Klein has them all.

I realize China and Chile sound similar, but they're actually two different countries with two different situations.  

Pinochet delegated economic authority to the Chicago Boys because he didn't know a damn thing about economics and each and every one of them defended their dissertation to Milton Friedman.  As a rule, they all needed to defend their economic theories to Augusto Pinochet on a daily basis, convincing him that he was wrong and that they were right.  Fortuantely for history, Pinochet saw the wisdom in listening to them.  

In contrast, no one who grew up in a society where Godless Bolshevism is the official ideological mantra can possibly comprehend the magnitude of brilliance and simplicity of The Chicago School.

I say again, the situation is different because Chile's situation was purely an economic question, while Tibet's is more spiritual.  Framing the question in economic terms already defeats the purpose of asking it in the first place.
I guess the Chinese Government decided to increase the budget to match that of the Tibetans.
It is telling that your blatant lies are actually believed and upmodded.
Yes because your viewpoint is the Truth, and opposing viewpoints are "chinese communist propaganda". Yes, whats up with all this propaganda? Isn't reddit a place where only one viewpoint reigns supreme?
Mental degenerates often suffer from delusions of superiority... particularly if they are anglophones.
LOL!  Whatever.  In this case communist rule and unchecked capitalism are one in the same.  The distinction is without meaning.
[deleted]
this "destabilize China" talk sounds very much like a party-issued statement. same for "arsonist bands". i grew up in a communist country, i can smell this hogwash from far.
shouldn't be hard for the 2nd biggest economy in the world
maybe yes, maybe not. but it is a fact. the bands are destabilizing China politicaly. Are you saying it is false? The bands are also setting fire to shops and police stations, therefore they are arsonist. Are you saying it is false? Just because it sounds like communist propaganda does not mean that it is not a fact and cannot also come from an objective source
http://www.ccds.charlotte.nc.us/History/China/02/bishop/bishop.htm
blaming an oppressed minority for political destabilization of the oppressor is a bit cynical, don't you find?
like if the japanese who raped nanking would blame the resistance movement of being murderers and thieves because they shot japanese soldiers and took their weapons
(your outrageous comparison of the resistance movements during the rape of nanking (killing japanese invading soldiers who were killing Chinese civilians on a massive scale) to Tibetan crowds beating up and killing ethnic Chinese civilians in a territory that has been part of China for 1000 years notwithstanding,) yes, of course resistance movements also destabilize the region politically. Not even arguing with you on this one. You see, I am all too objective
Well, they probably had to request additional funds, what with the billions upon billions they are already pouring into Tibetan infrastructure, development, as well as social and government services.
so arsonist bands suddenly turned into Tibetan crowds? hmm
and in your opinion invading Chinese soldiers didn't kill a million of tibetans back in the day? maybe if you opened your eyes, you would see there are tibetan refugees all over the world.
Tibetan infrastructure? More like displacing the Tibetan infrastructure with Chinese infrastructure, destroying a unique culture in the way. Don't you see tibetan refugees all over the world? Why would they refuse the opportunity to receive the wonderful chinese social services, huh?
yes, Tibet was part of China for 1000 years. that's a totally objective statement, LOLZ
Hide your weed, hippy-boy, before your mother gets home.
that was your best argument so far
LOLZ
Figured no point reaching for any higher than you have thus far.
Why reach any higher when you can suck up to your Chinese masters

Summary:
It's about time for Quebec Independence!
The Canadians need to get out of Quebec and let it be independent.
The English Canadians have been waging cultural genocide on the French Quebec people.
Just like the Canadians have no more business in Quebec.
You see, I am all too objective.
Don't you see tibetan refugees all over the world?
The French Quebec people have lived under the oppression of the English Canadian for far too long.
what's up with all this chinese communist propaganda on reddit?
People are voting you down.
What have the Chinese ever done to them?
I am also taking this chance, on behalf of all Americans, to recognize the independence of Quebec.
yes, Tibet was part of China for 1000 years.
This is a call of all support for the Quebec independent movement.
They have no say in any of this.
Well lets see, last I checked the Chinese government was responsible for many of this stuff.
I presume Quebec can go anytime its people decide to.
Thank god the Tibetans had no say in any of this.
There are no difference between the Tibetan today and the French Quebecan, both are minority oppressed by the dominated culture.
Yes, whats up with all this propaganda?
Why would you want to know?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.14
