Original Response:
Canadian only in the legal sense. You'll not hear many cry foul if he's tried and convicted, so long as he's tried.
You can hardly count a military tribunal as a real trial, though.
This story is bullshit, and no 15-year old should ever be locked up for years without a trial.

How long does it take to get a frickin hearing?
Fuck that, a trial by Americans is no trial at all.
This is great. A Canadian is suspected of killing a US soldier so he goes to prison for life, yet US pilots bomb Canadian troops in Afghanistan and get a paid vacation until the news dies down. 

[Here](http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9E0DE6D7143FF93AA25757C0A9649C8B63) is what I'm referring to and I don't think those pilots were ever punished.
How can someone be "Canadian only in the legal sense"?
I never got that.  There was a firefight.  A group of marines is shooting, the kid picks up a grenade and throws it at them and is shot in the back and charged with murder.  Because the kid wasn't wearing a uniform in an infantry skirmish, he doesn't get any rights.

Maybe I'm oversimplifying but that sounds like charging a captured soldier of say, the NVA or SS or (insert prior military foe here)with murder after he killed a US soldier in a battle.  One would think that wartime killings fall under different rules.
One who has Canadian citizenship yet cares nothing for it beyond their free health care.
&gt;Charging a man with murder in this place is like handing out speeding tickets at the Indy 500.

-Captain Willard
there was a 60 minutes show about this
i think they only count as wartime killings if you are wearing a uniform.

Like, if an american citizen, not a soldier, walked over there and started shooting iraqi militants he would probably be charged with murder (unless he was with blackwater, but what can you do?)
Why not?
same way im irish because it gets me free beer?
Because of all the frolicking kangaroos.
Well, makes sense.
&gt;no *person* should ever be locked up for years without a trial.

Fixed that for you.
About as long as it takes for the man to snap and admit to anything, whether he did it or not.
He is also in the news in this article as well: http://reddit.com/info/6ffxw/comments/
Very easily.  It's an issue with immigrants who don't make their host country their own.  Technically a citizen, but actually a foreigner.
John Yoo (former US assistant attorney general) would be a great lawyer for this sticky sort of situation.
For example most US movie stars and pop stars.
No, the kid did not throw the grenade, the kid is alleged to have thrown the grenade.

No one saw him throw the grenade and now it turns out the American soldiers were also throwing grenades so there is doubt as to who threw the grenade originally.

EDIT:  Oh, yeah, I see what you're saying. . . my point exactly!
Bingo. We lost more men to the Americans than we did to any supposed enemy.
No person should ever be locked up for years without a fair trial.  

Got that little error for ya.
Right. And by that logic the French who fought against the nazi occupation should have been thrown against the wall and shot once the war was over.
This happened because Obama sucks.
They did do that. And if Nazi Germany won the war, that's what would have continued to happen.
simple: canadians with brown skins are not really canadians.
uhh. So it's a war crime to fight back? I don't get it.
And you sir are correct! Because that is exactly what [happened](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_Resistance)!
i should edit that... I meant thrown against the wall and shot by the allies.
I was talking about the allies shooting the french resistance.
Why the #!@? would the allies want to shoot their own men? The point is if the Germans arrested and executed resistance members they were within their rights to do so and should not be held liable for it after the war.
I have a question: why do we treat this case any differently than a case of an innocent Iraqi or Afghani getting killed intentionally (that is to say, not at all)? Oh yeah, we live in a blatantly racist society despite our so-called civilization.
Not only that, four US airmen clip an Italian Gondola and the US refuses to let Italy try the marines:

http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/9803/14/italy.cable.car/index.html

And then is subsequently acquited:
http://www.wsws.org/articles/1999/mar1999/ital-m06.shtml

The USA can do no wrong.
I'M PAT FUCKING TILLMAN
The logic is that someone who is out of uniform has no right to defend themselves, or bear arms.  So, with that logic the french freedom fighters should have been executed.
CEASE FIRE
He keeps admitting he likes Sponge Bob and that's not what they're angling for.  He's very confused.
Maybe. Never can tell.
And who is going to stand up to us? We are the sole military super power these days willing to take on anyone. Maybe if some Euro's would build up a decent armed force and challenge us, our government might think twice- but as long as we aren't directly attacking them... they don't possess the constitution or the fortitude to do so.
I am Irish as well... where does the line start for free beer?
&gt; The logic is that someone who is out of uniform has no right to defend themselves, or bear arms. 

No, they do have that right, just that the other side also has the right (not _obligation_, obviously) to shoot them when they capture them.

Did the new French state to whom judging French citizens fell to following the war also have the right to shoot French resistance? Damned straight they did. They could have set up their legal system just as they pleased. Most countries opt to treat their war heroes better than that though. 

&gt; So, with that logic the french freedom fighters should have been executed.

The problem with your confused thinking is you have this notion laws should not discriminate between "my" side and "their" side, that in the ideal world one would be treated about the same under all jurisdictions. Now that is too stupid for words - for instance any country's laws will protect the spies she sends abroad from prosecution while the espied upon countries will have laws to punish them severely.
That is because you have that Harper idiot. Get someone like you had during the Vietnam war who will stand up to the US. 

Remove your troops from Afghanistan and say in public that when the US kills your troops they don't get support from you. If they give you any grief, bitch-slap them. 

Canada has been taking _way_ to much shit from the US recently. You will have the support of the world (at least the people) if you stand up to  them now. The Canada I used to like - the Canada who went into WWII without having to years before the US, the Canada of reason and sense who allow thousands to find a refuge from the draft. Where are thou?
[deleted]
just pointing out hypocracy.  some people can't see it.
and some can't spell it
[deleted]
His name was Robert Paulson--er, I mean Patrick Tillman.
Don't fear us, Americans... We will bring the democratic process to your country and liberate you from your totalitarian government! 

This is not an invasion or an occupation, it is a war *for* freedom!
I agree completely. But unfortunately we have the weakest opposition party in the history of the nation. Harper's Tory government is a minority. That means that they could be toppled at any time by any vote in the House of Commons. In Canada, minority governments are usually measured in months, not the YEARS this current one has lasted.

The blame for the frightening direction the current government has been taking can be squarely placed on the Liberals shoulders. They had the power to end this craziness at any time, but they refuse.
Considering he was 15 at the time, I doubt he had any real choice for where he lived.

I also think he would be much more appreciative of his adopted nation if the government actually cared to do something about his illegal and unethical imprisonment.
My comment is only in regards to the feigned "question."
dont consider Omar Khadr a canadian. he was born in canada but spent most of his life living in pakistan. so he grew up in the pakistani culture, not canadian culture. 

i dont think youre really a canadian or american if you were just born in those countries but spent your formative years in a completely different and often contradictory culture where you learned customs and beliefs that arent typically considered canadian or american.
&gt;And who is going to stand up to us? 

Putin's been beating the cold war drum a lot lately.  The US would face a bloodbath against China...  That's just for starters.  Truth is the US can't even beat the war on terror haha...

&gt;We are the sole military super power these days willing to take on anyone.

And yet can't even conquer Iraq.
You think we don't conquer Iraq because we can't? Hahah. As long as the Oil Barrens and Defense Contractors are making money... our administration will choose not to win this one. And as far as China is concerned, the population of America is much more scattered across the states. One nuke would devastate China- killing hundreds of millions. If China managed to get a nuke to hit America, the worst they could do is New York and thats only 8 million. And Putin can beat on his cold war drum all he wants. We all saw what happened last time Russia tried to take on the US. The whole country crumbled with out America even putting feet on the ground there.
&gt;One nuke would devastate China- killing hundreds of millions

Given they have a population crisis, hundreds of millions won't even phase them.  The value of life in China is very low compared to the US.  You guys went batshit crazy over a few thousand.  

And if the USA were to nuke China I'm sure Russia would have something to say as China's on their doorstep.  

In conventional warfare China is to the point where it'd be a pretty destructive war for both sides.
:-P

Summary:
And who is going to stand up to us?
Get someone like you had during the Vietnam war who will stand up to the US.
One nuke would devastate China- killing hundreds of millions.
Canadian only in the legal sense.
You think we don't conquer Iraq because we can't?
Fuck that, a trial by Americans is no trial at all.
The logic is that someone who is out of uniform has no right to defend themselves, or bear arms.
The US would face a bloodbath against China...  That's just for starters.
I was talking about the allies shooting the french resistance.
would the allies want to shoot their own men?
How can someone be "Canadian only in the legal sense"?
&gt; The logic is that someone who is out of uniform has no right to defend themselves, or bear arms.
And if Nazi Germany won the war, that's what would have continued to happen.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
