Original Response:
The media just gives more face time to violent lunatics.
"As many as six Muslim clerics ..." Wow. That ought to do the trick. (*sigh*)
then why are they electing conservative religious nuts and terrorists like the hamas?
Why did the predominantly Christian United States elect a retarded man-boy to run the country with the most over-inflated military budget on the planet? He's done more harm than any conservative Muslim nut, or terrorist can do.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Is it popular belief that muslims dont condemn violence almost wholesale? Thats depressing and has been proven wrong through articles, blog posts and surveys time and time again.
Because it's being covered on the other networks?
[deleted]
Nicely taken out of context. Anyway, [there](http://www.muhajabah.com/otherscondemn.php)  [is](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ali-eteraz/the-myth-of-muslim-condem_b_67904.html) [plenty](http://www.masud.co.uk/ISLAM/ahm/recapturing.htm)
[of](http://archive.newsmax.com/archives/articles/2001/10/17/195606.shtml) [condemnation](http://time-blog.com/middle_east/2007/09/news_flash_muslim_denounces_te.html).
"Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind."  ~Albert Einstein
[deleted]
Agreed. I did included them with "conservative religious nuts"
Actually, this is a nation-wide proclamation by *all* clerics in India. Together they are respected by over 100 million Muslims.

The fact is, few if any muslims in India support terror. The proclamation only gives that official clerical sanction.
Generally because Fatah was so corrupt they stole more money than they actually gave out in government services?
[deleted]
They don't get any attention, anything that tries to go indepth to explain the reason for percieved and real hatred towards the west by Arabs and Muslims just isn't all that interesting (i.e. doesn't get any real knee jerk reactions).

Here's one I submitted to reddit sometime ago which just got downmodded:

&gt;This is what they see of the west through the media, my family fled Iraq when I was just six years old, had I been thirteen with an understanding of politics I might have developed the same kind of irrational hatred for the west as people who stayed behind in Iraq have. After all, we were fleeing from Saddam’s regime who was when all things were said and done just a henchman serving America’s foreign interests
***
&gt;Prophet Muhammad said the strong man is not the one who can win in a physical fight but the one who can restrain himself in a moment of anger. In that regard many Muslims fail, they respond with knee jerk reactions to the controversy ruling the day. The best way for Muslims to react to something they find offensive is through peaceful protest and boycott. Let me draw on the classic example, the riots over the Muhammad comic strips. If I had ultimate control over what those people did I would have made sure they protested, not rioted, and I would have had them put a boycott against the newspaper which published the strip.

http://botlbrush.com/blog/?p=237
But if your wife doesn't bleed on a white sheet on your wedding night--hold on to your effing hat!

They condemn violence, just not aginst women. Now vote me down...
Umm, they're not, in fact muslim countries are in a lot of ways more progressive than Western Countries. Take Indonesia which voted for a female president or Pakistan where Bhutto stood a real chance for election. Heck, there's even Bosnia where they want to decalre themselves a sovereign nation so that they can vote for their own independant government.

Then theres the oppressed people in Palestine who vote for Hamas. In all fairness it's the IDF that's demolitioning their homes and generelly terrorising them, voting for Hamas is just a natural reaction from the bitterness and anger.
Tell that to the Zionists who think they are entitled to other peoples lands.
Why do muslims have the greeting "salaam alaikum" which means "peace be upon you". It's as if not saying that would lead to violence.
[deleted]
BS
I don't think it's the countries, that is the problem, perhaps with some minor exceptions I think it's the governments that are causing the feelings of hate.

Perhaps the area you grew up in was different but there has been a lot of negative sentiment towards the US because of Saddam. A lot of people died under his hands and the hate filtered down.

The reason Iraq is secular is not because saddam was the open minded leader, it's because he had a habit of sending the gestapo on people who he viewed as too religious. It was a 'nice' side effect of running a ruthless tyranny.

He did favour the Christians because he saw them as the weakest threat and probably feared the Kurds most but not because of religious reasons but rather nationalism. As such they probably suffered the most under his regime, they also happened to fight it most.

I'm just saying there wasn't anything good about Saddam, he was like any other tyrant. Granted the war has just made things worse and it would probably have been better for him if he was still in his position. But that's just saying something about how everything has gone to shits now.
[deleted]
Who's "popular belief" is this?  Of course *all* Muslims don't condone violence.  Such sweeping generalizations are idiotic to begin with.
hey, two interesting things:
1) "Infidel" by Ayaan Hirsi Ali, a Somali woman who grew up in a harsh muslim environment and eventually escaped to become a politician in Dutch parliament; an interesting inside account of what its like not only to live that life, but also to realize that some aspects of muslim belief were unworkable

2) a group called Muslims Against Shari'a (hope i am spelling that corrxly)--group is attempting to reform many aspects of islam from the inside.  

this is not intended as a general comment on Muslim thought, there is no way i have enough information or insight to do that.
Yeah, it's pretty easy to defend islam when you're not a women who has to suffer its horrors as part of daily life.....
[deleted]
given that reddit is an intelligent community, i am surprised at you guys.  do  you really believe "Muslims" are a homogenous group who all think and behave alike?
The only place this is popular belief is The White House and Baptist churches.
I don't agree on that one on account of I know Iraqis who regard him as such. The baath party was funded by the US because it was staunchly anti-communist, it all goes back to the USSR and whatnot. He was funded by the US, given power by the US and under US approval did all manner of crazy things.

He was no more than a stooge for US foreign interests, 'easily manipulated' and 'puppet' goes hand in hand. He might have had delusions of grandeur but he was still an American stooge.
Really? This is also part of the popular belief that is wrong on so many levels.

Read "No God But God" by Reza Aslan to understand what Islam is and how it came to be what it is.
Well, time and again, I've heard and read on various newspaper columns, website comments and such that Muslims must speak out against violence if they don't want Islam to be branded as a religion of hate. My point is to show that the moderate Muslims do in fact speak out against violence, they just don't get the same exposure as the lunatics celebrating the events of 9/11.
Correct.  However, a significant number of non-violent Muslims would like to see sharia law implemented in the West, and this is the true problem, not jihad.
"more progressive than Western Countries"

WTF are you smoking? Go tell that to the victims of "honor killings" or the oppressed women in general?
Oh sure, what should I tell the murderers in the US? 'Oh well since you don't call yours honour killings you are more humane'. Pfft.

So are we going to start juding countries by the actions of a few? Because the US has a lot to answer for.
Yea, that is like saying all christains are mindless tits who are slaves to their government/church.

Oh wait...
Islam, like Christianity and Judaism is an inherently violent doctrine.

Even if a proportion of Muslims condemn violence, we are still left with the unfortunate fact that their very source texts encourage violence, and so the problem will never completely go away.

Religious violence will be with us for as long as there is religion.  It would be nice to think this isn't true, but I don't hold out much hope.

-------------------
Edit:  More thoughts...

Yes, it's true that violence will always be with as a species whether we have religion or not, and that people can always find some justification for killing each-other.

It's also true that the vast majority of the religious are peaceful.

However, I don't think we should fool ourselves.  At least part of the problem comes from the religious texts themselves.  I wish that were not the case, but wishing and good intentions cannot make the problem go away.

Unfortunately, the problem is not simply that violent Muslims are bad theologians.  The solution to religious violence is not yet more religion.  How much more religion do we need?   We already know that many Muslim terrorists have spent their formative years memorizing the Quran.  Do you really think that these people are ignorant of their own religions?

I know I'm committing heresy, but I suggest that the only realistic solution to religious inspired violence is to lessen the influence that religion has on Muslim's lives.

We can't forbid Muslims to read the Quran, but we can expose them to other ideas through education.

Here's a start- perhaps Obama, who will almost certainly be our next president, could initiate a scheme to fund secular universities in Middle-Eastern countries.  Maybe that's not realistic, but it's got to be cheaper than making more bombs.
Not strictly a muslim thing, either (not to imply that you were necessarily suggesting that).

Unfortunately good news doesn't make for good news :/
WOW!!! 1/4th of humanity( muslims) is not bound on Killing US. Europeans killed more people in the history of this Planet. From natives of Australia to America to god know where. Slavery , ww1, ww2 communism, crusades, inquistion...etc etc, 
I think that should be enough to refresh our short term memory and still blame muslims.
The brave one does.

As with all militant fanatics, the only thing the Islamists hate more non-Moslems, are the "traitors" among their own.

Heck, even our own resistance movement under the occupation during second world war (universally considered "the good guys") did manage to kill more Danes than the German occupiers.
Satan,
1.6 billion people are muslim do that stats and comeup with an opinion. Not all are bad just like not all Germans were Nazi's and all southerners were KKK members.
peace means inner peace not like a peace treaty in times of War. Just like good morning. Or Shalom in hebrew.
rocks are better than bullets.

i know NRA doesn't like rock throwers..not good for business.
I have a co-worker that is muslim and he looks pretty cool
[deleted]
I guess my wife is suffering also. let me go talk to her and ask her whats bothering her.
I just remembered that i did ask her change the channel because I don't like watching "the hills" on MTV. I will try to be more humane next time.
Agree!!! he was no Puppet but he US used him to fight Iran. He was used goods and neo-cons used him to further their "clean break"
agenda
Why all of the pro-Islam articles on Reddit lately?

Muslims treat women like shit, execute gays, and impose brutal Sharia law in any instance that they can.

Islam is to be condemned, not apologized for.  This applies to every religion.  Choosing faith over reason is the biggest threat that mankind faces today.
&gt; is the biggest threat that mankind faces today.

You sound like every other zealot.
No, NRA does like rocks, because it's a
"gateway" weapon.
actually we never elected him...
It has appeared to me (sorry if I am wrong) that, in general, only a tiny minority of Muslims go beyond polite press conferences to condemn terrorism. The dynamic is different in Pakistan, Iraq and Lebanon where Muslims themselves are the targets of terrorist acts.
Yes, I've seen lots of articles with titles like "Muslim Clerics Condemn Violence!"... and then when I read the article, it always turns out to be muslim clerics *in the US*, or muslim clerics *in Canada*, or *in the UK*, or *in Europe* ... to which we can now add *in India*.

Except for the UK, we haven't seen much evidence of violence from Muslims in these countries in the first place -- and in the UK, there seem to be a large and rather vocal group speaking out against violence, so I'd presume those inclined to violence are in the minority.

But where are the  muslim clerics speaking out against violence *in Afghanistan*? *in Saudi Arabia*? *in Pakistan*? These are the places where the default flavor of Islam seems to sanction violence, or at least is willing to look the other way.

When an [Afghan teacher calls suicide bombing un-Islamic](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-566439/Afghan-teacher-shot-dead-condemning-suicide-bombings-Islamic.html), guess what happens to him? 

I'm not trying to start a flame war, but it seems to me that the "there are many flavors of Islam" argument can cut both ways. Is there a flavor of Islam that is *defined* by condoning violence? If not, why do so few of the clerics condemning violence come from the Pakistani/Afghani/Saudi 'flavors'?

I'd love to be proven wrong, so if you have counterexamples, please link to them...
"*they just don't get the same exposure as the lunatics celebrating the events of 9/11.*". No, I just had quick search to find a reputable source reporting the Candle lit vigil in Tehran after 9/11, I can find references to it, but no articles about it directly.  Sad really.
hmmm really?   would you rather be killed by a rock or bullet?  im pretty sure either one will do the trick just fine.
arson and assault = peace and love
Is it? I'm not sure.
&gt;General secretary of Ulema-e-Hind Altaf Ahmad Masoodi stressed on the inclusion of subjects like IT, computer science and science in madarsas to "broaden the horizons of upcoming students".

First they're religious, now they're training their religious kids in computer science.  I can see why Reddit hates them.  THEY'RE GONNA TAKE ALL YER WEB-PROGRAMMIN JOBS!  Why, if you can't write crappy web apps, you're not good for *anything at all*!

AND THEY'RE MUSLIMS TOO!  OMFG!

I, for one, welcome the new Muslim programmers who will do the crappy code-monkeying I so despise.
Dude this is Reddit!

Jews are villified for protecting their land, while Muslims are lionized for being leaders of multiculturalism.
What?

India has been terrorized by Muslims for 1300 years!

Hindus are cowards. If they had any balls, there would have been a Reconquesta.

But they still love the invaders.
Then what do you think is the biggest threat to the West?

Look at every Western country; US, UK, France, Germany, etc.

Every country is having trouble with its Muslims.
&gt; Prophet Muhammad said the strong man is not the one who can win in a physical fight but the one who can restrain himself in a moment of anger. 

Somehow I think that when Mohammed (yeah yeah, peace upon him, rest in peace and don't come back as a zombie!) said that he was just trying to be deep to score chicks.  If I know my history, he was very much into the whole "physical fighting" side of life.
Did the second time around.
Well, I'm just going by what my female Muslim friends say and my personal experiences. If so many of the Muslim women I know have to flee their country (France for one!) because THEIR OWN FAMILY will kill them for not being a virgin , then I think there is something wrong with their religion. 

Also, ever hear of female circumcision? That practice is alive and well-- a practice designed to cause pain...

I'm going to stick to what I hear from people who have been in that situation, rather than blind liberal propaganda--like some many people on reddit, with all due respect.

I don't know enough about the history of Islam to tell you how it was, but perhaps much like Christianity--the message has been lost...
&gt; The fact is, few if any muslims in India support terror. The proclamation only gives that official clerical sanction.

That's total BS. 

Muslims used to rule India for about 1300 years. 

The only reason they haven't declared total jihad is because after the British left, Indians grew some (not much) balls.

Read this:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_conquest_of_India
I know this may not count for much, but as an American I believe you and totally sympathize.

Back in 2003 I was the only one who showed up to the planned middle-school anti-war protest :-(.
Not, really.

The largest was the Hindu Holocaust by Muslims:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persecution_of_Hindus#During_Islamic_rule_of_the_Indian_sub-continent
well, in Bush's defense (holy crap, did i just say that?) it was fanatical islam that gave him the opportunity to do all the crap he has gotten away with.  so is it possible to blame fanatical islam for what Bush has done?  i sure hope so!
The West needs to be prepared; if not, we'll be colonized by India.

And the PC-Brigade will welcome them as bastions of tolerance.
Read Sam Harris' "The End of Faith". He makes a very compelling argument that Islam by its nature (along with most other salvationist religions) causes and encourages violence---and the moderates who "condemn violence" are nonetheless making it possible for the extremists to exist and do what they do. Christianity prior to the reformation was much the same, but post-reformation it has conformed more to the cultural/societal currents. 

Some clerics speaking out against violence does not change the facts about what Islam really is. 

Read The End of Faith. Do yourself that favor.
Yeah. Its not like he ever got any forewarning that there was a fanatical muslim was planning on doing this (oh wait, yes there was) or that he had more than two months warning (oh wait, yes he did) but besides that, yeah, good point, it wasn't his fault that his inaction let this happen, it was 'da turrurrists'
[Muslims are responsible for the greatest genocide in History!](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persecution_of_Hindus#During_Islamic_rule_of_the_Indian_sub-continent)
Not just that, but many fearful people want to believe that there are evil people out there who mean them harm.

I haven't figured out how to discourage that fearfulness and bogeyman-seeking.
Yes why was kennedy (any of them) elected
Indian muslims are slightly harder to mobilize for terrorism, etc. 

This is because:

* many important Indian social and political figures are/have been muslim 
* muslims are a minority albeit a large one, whenever there is a communal riot, they endure the most damage.
the problem is not that muslims dont condemn violence.  the problem is that their culture encourages so many things that lead to violence and does not discourage it enough.
  when uncontrolled fires are burned in the streets in effigies, when bodies of the enemy are dragged through the public streets, when parents encourage their children to blow themselves up and make heroes out of people who do, when honor killings are accepted on any level of the society or with any justification, when their targets are more often enemy civilians than enemy military, when protesters bring their small children with them to throw rocks at tanks, when they call for the death of nonviolent people who they do not agree with, when a person can get a death sentence for being gay or an independent woman or rejecting islam, when a state punishment includes raping a virgin so they can legally put her to death, etc. etc. etc.   
Yeah, people in other countries do crazy stuff too, but they are usually arrested by their OWN country, not encouraged or justified.
Yeah but we're WASPs, not dirty jews.
That's a cheap-shot, and it also falls apart given even the slightest thought.

The poster does not 'sound like a zealot'.  (S)he was not calling for the execution of Muslims or threatening violence, or even suggesting that a violent solution was in order.

The poster was merely stating a point of view in clear and direct terms.  You may disagree with the poster's view, but you are denying reality if you think that the poster is in any way equivalent to religious 'extremists' who follow their words with violence.
Arrogance combined with conviction does not necessarily translate into wrong though.
(Point) =======&gt; (you)

Well shit, looks like you missed it.
Land unlawfully given to them because no one else wanted to house those unruly Zionists.  Not to mention we felt bad for 6 million of their brethren being exterminated by the bitter Germans.  Doesn't give them the right to recreate the Holocaust against another people. Villified...hmph you're damn right they should be villified.
lies!! more propaganda from the liberal media.
Perhaps because in those countries, the culture and the general atmosphere does not allow them to speak out against the perceived norm? In a lot of these countries, speaking out against religious leaders, legitimate or not, is seriously looked down upon and people live in fear of retribution. 

Every society, however advanced, has a set of standard norms and practices and most people live within these norms. Now there's something to be said about these norms, but I'm just trying to give a reason why people don't feel empowered to speak up in those countries.

Really though, if you count the number of Muslims in the countries you mentioned - US, Canada, UK, and India - they will vastly outnumber the Muslims in the Middle East. That has to count for something, right?

As for more "violent" flavor of Islam, I wouldn't call it violent (just because I am not a scholar who has done research on it) but more intolerant and fanatical - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wahhabism. Happens to be the main flavor of Islam practiced in Saudi Arabia.
I'm not so sure this applies to *every* religion.  The Amish are pretty radical in their views but I surely wouldn't condemn them for riding a horse and buggy.
You're condemning 1billion people...lol.
I think you are confusing religion with culture and societal customs. Islam practiced in India (in general) is quite different from what is practiced in Saudi Arabia, for instance. 

For what its worth, female circumcision is not uniquely associated with Islam, even though Wikipedia reports that it is practiced in secrecy in some countries in the Middle East (mostly concentrated in Africa). In any case, how is this related to the religion of Islam? 

"Blind Liberal Propaganda" - with all due respect to you, what makes you think this article (or the point it is trying to make) is blind liberal propaganda? What is genuinely blind is you opinion which has been framed by a individual accounts rather than thorough research (as you yourself admit).
Whether or not "Muslims" act on it or not, go read the Qur'an.

It doesn't exactly say everyone is equal and we should all be friends.

Edit:  I have no idea why I'm getting downmodded for this.  The bible is just as bad, I wasn't implying that it's not.  But I don't see how anyone who fundamentally subscribes to either Islam or Christianity or Judaism could possibly defend their texts without declaring everyone who isn't of their faith to be inferior.
I never see any one publicly condemn stealing -- obviously they're thieves.

I never see anyone publicly condemn fraud -- obviously they're swindlers.

I never see anyone publicly condemn rape -- obviously they're for rape.

I never see anyone publicly condemn child molesters -- obviously they love touching little kids.

I never see anyone publicly condemn murder -- obviously they're killers.

I never see anyone publicly condemn genocide -- obviously they're working on their own little holocaust.
&gt;Just because you went to war against Iraq doesn't mean that the Iraqis hate you, it means that you hate them. 

Iraq was thought to be an easy target this time around.  The world didn't care, and the US would secure oil reserves.  It's sad.
It's not so much that people think Muslims don't condone violence, it's that people think those who do aren't doing enough to reign in the violent extremists.

That's just how people behave.

Most people (to this day) are unaware that the vast majority of KKK members around the time of the Civil War were non-violent and opposed violence towards blacks by other members.  As a matter of fact, the KKK was disbanded in 1869 by its elected Grand Wizard Nathan Bedford Forrest because he felt that violence by members was outweighing the good the organization was doing.

An organization will be considered "violent" even if only a portion of its members exhibit violent tendencies.
Personally agree with you on your last point, that faith over reason is an abomination.

But, having said that, I also believe in the right of people to practice their faiths. 

Your broad sweeping statement is an insult to a whole lot of people - and that was the point of this article - to stop generalizing Muslims as violence-loving lunatics.

Could you care to substantiate your claims with actual facts that relate to the religion of Islam, rather than isolated cultures where Islam happens to be the dominant religion?
&gt;Why all of the pro-Islam articles on Reddit lately?

I think the phrase is "western guilt".
&gt; But where are the muslim clerics speaking out against violence in Saudi Arabia?

Just because you don't look, or you have some preconceived notion, doesn't mean that it's not there:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4242611.stm

If reigning in terrorism is such an easy task, then why is the US and Iraqi government struggling with it so much?

Very few Muslims support terrorist tactics. They just garner all the media attention.
You dont know your history, bigot.
You got me there. thank god for wiki!!!. I guess Those Colonial powers  were greeted by flowers I guess when they invaded the America's. I was so wrong ..now only I can find you a wiki link to back my argument.
you forget... anyone who disagrees with one's religion is a "zealot" to another of faith.
since you read it. What does it say and what verse are you talking about??? we need proof not blank statements.
Hardly, the "west" doesn't feel guilt at all.
It's just like ebery other group that comes onto reddit and riddles it with pro/anti  this or that bullshit.
&gt;Just because you went to war against Iraq doesn't mean that the Iraqis hate you, it means that you hate them. 

I can't believe people are modding you up.

I wouldn't be so hasty with your generalizations.

If I were to turn to you and say all Christians are Creationists, ignore science, hate gays, and are violent ( remember Ireland??? ), I'd be making a hasty generalization as in fact all of those points would be refutable.

And yours too.  There's moderate islamic nations out there.  Morocco is a pretty secular country and is fairly progressive for example.
All the Muslims I know would kick your ass for suggesting they don't condemn violence.
stop wik'ing!!!! you islamophobe!!!!!
&gt;Every country is having trouble with its Muslims.

Not Canada.  In fact we're trying to have on of our Muslim citizens freed from Guantanamo Bay.
Sure, by the looks of it, it's going to be a good read.

Another one for the reading list is "No God But God" by Reza Aslan - the most eloquent presentation of Islamic history and its modern struggles with its identity.
yeah right!!! and you are responsible for the greatest lie!!!!
Unless the violent lunatics happen to be wearing military uniform.
What does he say about Judaism?
Same as the bible then.

What the 'holy' book says and what people claim it says are often very different.

In short, religion is just plain foolish. I would qualify that rather sweeping statement, but my pizza is ready!
I know!  Whereas Hitler "only" condemned tens of millions.  Who's the morally inferior person here?  

Actually, it's just ignorance and racism/bigotry, so as long as we don't give him a gun, we're all good.
I'm telling you... we should've just given them Hawaii. More land and less angry Palestinians. A random volcanic eruption here and there, but that's much better than a random homemade rocket being shot into your house.
Why'd you bring Hitler into this?
By "their" land you mean land stolen from Arabs during the Nakba.
Candle lit vigils, BTW, are not universal. They're highly cultural. Their absence means nothing. 

(I know that's not what you're trying to say - just pointing it out).
PC Brigade?  They were bought out by the Geek Squad.  They had non-Indian employees last time I called them.
this documentary, though certainly biased, may interest people for historical purposes:

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-871902797772997781&amp;q=islam+what+the+west+needs+to+know&amp;ei=EX80SPC8NZfA4ALC2KjVCQ

edit: I should emphasize I don't advocate most of these viewpoints, just the historical aspects
So you're calling Jews cowards for not fighting back against oppression I see?

ANTISEMITE!
Not, really.  Troll.

Reread your source before misusing it again.
Why not? It's the actions of the few and the inaction of the many that seems to be the root of most problems.
hey, if you can't find a wiki link to back your argument, you could always just create one. If you do create one, it should somehow involve unicorns... and lasers. Unicorns and fucking lasers. Jesus fucking H that'd be awesome.
&gt;then why are they electing conservative religious nuts and terrorists like the hamas?

They?

*They?!*

Funny. I don't recall the Muslims in Pakistan, Indonesia, Malaysia, China, US, Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Mali, Tanzania, Russia, UK, Brunei, India, Bangladesh, Iran, Syria, Iraq, United Arab Emirates, Egypt, Kuwait, Qatar, Yemen, Oman, Somalia, Libya, Algeria, Tunis, Nigeria, Niger, South Africa, Bosnia, Holland, Denmark, France, Finland and Azerbaijan electing Hamas.

When did this happen?

Thanks for not getting the point of this whole Reddit topic.
&gt;Heck, there's even Bosnia where they want to decalre themselves a sovereign nation so that they can vote for their own independant government.

Bosnia's been a sovereign country for over a decade. 

Perhaps you meant Kosovo?
You're just confusing history with current teachings.  None of the major religions are inherently violent whatsoever.  

However, extremists in any faith look to justify their actions through scripture.  Since everything in any religious text is essentially an allegory unless you're a zealot, you can interpret violent intent and justification all over.  Just look at the minority fanatical extremist Jewish elements in Israel and how they quote the Talmud to justify genocide.
Actually, if you read the Qur'an, they literally must advocate violence against those not of their faith. Same with Christians and Jews; these people just tend to conveniently "forget" about what their ridiculous books tell them to do (ie. stone disobedient children or someone who picks up sticks on the Sabbath).
I hope we'll see someone with a banner saying "behead those who use islam as an excuse for violence"
For numerical perspective.  I felt Godwin's Law didn't invalidate this comparison.
BS. Muslim invasions happened for about 600-700 years. Barring a brief period under Akbar, NO Muslim ruler ruled the whole country as we know it.

And anyways, what does this have to do with muslims being patriotic or anti-terror. Muslims in India may not be nationalists but they know where home and heart is.
A belief held by many redditors that people other then themselves believe Muslims don't condemn violence.
Fight in the cause of Allah those who fight you, but do not transgress limits; for Allah loves not transgressors. And kill them wherever ye catch them, and turn them out from where they have turned you out; for tumult and oppression are worse than slaughter; but fight them not at the Sacred Mosque, unless they (first) fight you there; but if they fight you, kill them. Such is the reward of those who reject faith. But if they cease, Allah is Oft-Forgiving, Most Merciful. And fight them on until there is no more tumult or oppression, and there prevail justice and faith in Allah; but if they cease, let there be no hostility except to those who practice oppression. The prohibited month, for the prohibited month, and so for all things prohibited, there is the law of equality. If then any one transgresses the prohibition against you, transgress ye likewise against him. But fear Allah, and know that Allah is with those who restrain themselves. (Al-Baqarah 2: 190-194)
thank you
i feel sorry for your mother
your ignorance on the topic is shocking.  Kindly do some research on the religion before you open your mouth in public.
But fear Allah, and know that Allah is with those who restrain themselves.
Doubt that too.
I agree with what you say -- but note that I am asking about *muslim clerics* speaking out; it seems that they are part of the group *establishing* the norm. If one cleric feels inhibited from speaking out, that means that he perceives that the majority of other clerics wouldn't agree with him. Why does he have this perception? If the perception isn't correct, shouldn't more clerics be speaking out?
One imam does not a plurality make
Provide some proof to the contrary. I don't believe a wiki article on face value, but atleast he's offering _some_ proof. What are your references? Or are you just calling him a liar based gut feeling?
Whose asshole did you pull that theory out of? Or did you just assume India is an Islamic country.
&gt;But where are the muslim clerics speaking out against violence in Afghanistan? in Saudi Arabia? in Pakistan?

1. [Saudi Arabia condemns terrorist bombings in London](http://www.saudiembassy.net/2005News/News/NewsDetail.asp?cIndex=5383)

2. [Muslim World League Condemns Terrorism](http://www.saudinf.com/main/y7748.htm)

3. [A whole page of listings](http://www.muhajabah.com/otherscondemn.php)

All in the first page of a Google search.

Lazy bum...
[deleted]
I actually believe religion is a psychological disorder. We need counselling to get out of it. Else, like a rabid dog, the religious person does more damage than good to the society he lives in.

Enjoy your pizza.
&gt;Also, ever hear of female circumcision? That practice is alive and well-- a practice designed to cause pain...

And not an Islamic one.
but if it wasn't for 'da turrurrists', his inaction would not have resulted in anything.
He's probably pissed off India did not invade Iraq 1300 year ago.
I was talking about the absence of reporting, not the absence of the event.
You're right, many a times, the clerics establishing the norm are in fact the perpetrators of ignorance and resulting violence. No one exonerated them of any wrong-doing!

The reasons are varied - sense of entitlement because of years of societal privilege, a corrupted sense of power, hopelessness (?), or just plain skewed sense of right and wrong (leading from an incorrect interpretation of their obligations as Muslims). The point is that though they may have a stronghold on the intellectual and cultural aspect of an isolated society, they do not necessarily represent what Islam was meant to be. 

Cultural change comes from within, and not without. It takes years of inner conflict, self-critique and unfortunately, periods of violence, but it does. I believe Muslims are experiencing their share of reformation.
Obviously moderate Muslims condemn violence. This doesnt change the fact that way too many Muslims condone it. If only 1% of all Muslims supported homophobia, misogyny, and martyrdom: that would still be over a million people. However, 1% is a fraction of the reality that we are facing. Obviously there are good and "rational" (quotes because i think any belief in a god is irrational to a point) Muslims out there, but the religion according to its doctrine is too easily interpreted as a threatening, fundamentalist, and anti-liberal promotion.
Now, now. Please read carefully. I asked for *muslim clerics* from Afghanistan, Saudi Arabia, or Pakistan. Item #1 tells us *the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia* condemns terrorist attacks. As a scholar of the region, I'm sure you know that the Kingdom has a lot to fear from an Iranian-style overthrow of their regime, and so of course the Kingdom's government would condemn terrorist attacks.  #2 is "The Muslim World League" -- again, not a *clerical* organization within one of the countries I mentioned, and it turns out it is  also [funded by the Saudi Arabian Government](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muslim_World_League), so see my comment on #1.  As for #3, it was exactly that list that I was referring to in my previous post -- when you follow these links, you find that they're all clerics from 'the West'.

If I followed your rhetorical style, I'd close with a sobriquet like "illiterate bum", but I'm more respectful of people I'm in discussion with.
reddif.com: What's new online
&gt;'the west'' here means the United States, no one, for example, hates Canada

False. *I* hate Canada.
&gt;The biggest threat
?

The fact that mankind has existed with religious faith for the last 20,000 years would counter that statement. 

I'd have to go with microbes.  Or nuclear weapons.  Or George Bush Jr.
Yes, it's true that the Quran, like other religious texts, doesn't condone unjustified murder, or random bloodlust.

However, there is *enough* in the above quote to justify killing in the event of perceived persecution or oppression- i.e. *exactly* the justification that terrorists need in order to carry out their acts.

Please don't forget that terrorists almost uniformly imagine their cause to be justified, and holy.  It is very easy to imagine them finding encouragement from such passages.

Basically, the Quran and the Bible both encourage people to be peaceful, except when it comes to righteous war, in which case- all bets are off, in which case you are encouraged to kill as many as you can manage.

------------------
To be honest, I'm not certain that such criticisms are so easily leveled at the New Testament.  Being an atheist, it's not my job to defend Christianity, but it appears to me that at least selected teachings from Jesus could be used to condemn violence.

Of course, this doesn't stop Christians from picking a whole slew of examples from elsewhere in the Bible which do encourage righteous war.
I didn't make the original statement, but I do agree that religion is one of the biggest threats.

GWB is dangerous in part because of his religious beliefs.  Unless you've been asleep for the past few years, you will know that we've been engaged in a bloody conflict fighting Muslims who had nothing to do with 9/11.

Can you honestly tell me that religion didn't play a role in our choosing to go into Iraq.

For that matter, can you tell me that religion didn't play a role in the 9/11 attacks?
And stop us from our gloriously successful conquest this past five years?  Never!
I believe so too -- I wonder, though, if along the way, there will come a schism between more-or-less westernized branches of Islam.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Assuming your comment is serious...

Of course the religious will claim that any criticism of their cherished fantasies is due to 'zealotry'.  I expect nothing less.

However, we should not forget that there's a big difference between people who merely exercise their free-speech rights to state forceful opinions, and true religious extremists who have no problem in sawing the heads off their ideological opponents.

Are you claiming that
&gt;Muslims treat women like shit, execute gays, and impose brutal Sharia law in any instance that they can.

is a factually untrue statement?  

Or are you just complaining that it's rude to say such things in polite society?
You have to include the Talmud in there.

Look at the historical periods during which all these texts were written.  What did people do?  They waged wars.  There's inevitably going to be text about war and violence that could be interpreted as pro-war/violence.

Warlord: "Does [God] bless my conquest?"

Priest:  "Hold on. (writes something) Oh yes, master, as the scripture says, you are right to battle and kill!"

Warlord: "Ah good, I won't cut your head off and here's gold to improve the temple."
Sure, after all, it has happened before - Sunnism, Shia'ism, Sufism, etc. Most of them parted ways based on theological differences, but a cultural divide is not hard to imagine.
Sure, you can pretty much just open to any random page and find hatred though.

We'll start in Chapter 2, "The Cow", which is the first chapter besides the preface:

&gt;  "Surely those who disbelieve, it being alike to them whether you warn them, or do not warn them, will not believe.  Allah has set a seal upon their hearts and upon their hearing and there is a covering over their eyes, and there is a great punishment for them.  And there are some people who say: We believe in Allah and the last day; and they are not at all believers.  They desire to deceive Allah and those who believe, and they deceive only themselves and they do not perceive. There is a disease in their hearts, so Allah added to their disease and they shall have a painful chastisement because they lie."

Or, I just found this gem at 41.27: "Therefore We will most certainly make those who disbelieve taste a severe punishment, and We will most certainly reward them for the evil deeds they used to do.".

You'd think this is taken out of context, but the whole book is a combination of revering allah and damning all others.

Don't believe me?  [Go look for yourself](http://historyofideas.org/toc/modeng/public/HolKora.html).
"Suppose you hear in one of the towns the LORD your God is giving you that some worthless rabble among you have led their fellow citizens astray by encouraging them to worship foreign gods.  In such cases, you must examine the facts carefully.  If you find it is true and can prove that such a detestable act has occurred among you, you must attack that town and completely destroy all its inhabitants, as well as all the livestock.  Then you must pile all the plunder in the middle of the street and burn it.  Put the entire town to the torch as a burnt offering to the LORD your God.  That town must remain a ruin forever; it may never be rebuilt.  Keep none of the plunder that has been set apart for destruction.  Then the LORD will turn from his fierce anger and be merciful to you.  He will have compassion on you and make you a great nation, just as he solemnly promised your ancestors.  "The LORD your God will be merciful only if you obey him and keep all the commands I am giving you today, doing what is pleasing to him."   (Deuteronomy 13:13-19 NLT)
Did you read the first sentence of my initial statement?

It gets tiring, but yes- let me *restate* that Islam is not the only religion with texts that contain passages which can be used to justify violence.
Oh. OK. I get it. So you do agree that Muslims condemn terrorism. Your beef is just that people of a certain profession from a certain geographic location don't. 

I could live with that. As long as you don't say, "Muslims don't condemn terrorism."

&gt;when you follow these links, you find that they're all clerics from 'the West'.

How about a simple [Google](http://www.google.com/search?q=Saudi+condemn+terrorism+clerics+OR+scholars&amp;hl=en&amp;client=firefox-a&amp;rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&amp;start=10&amp;sa=N) search? In the first two pages, I think I found 5-10 pages (perhaps with repetition). I didn't try for Pakistan, but the search actually gave me at least one hit for Pakistani clerics. 

Did you really try?
Oh I know, I was just explicitly adding the Talmud, the rest of my response was general to any religion, and was a scenario how those warlike passages were probably added.
Yeah, yeah, islam is evil and so are its followers -- this dance is getting old and tired.  You're labeling 1billion people you've never met to be believers of hatred.  What's real astonishing is that you think those 1billion people hate, your family and your friends.  I'd also be afraid to leave my house and not talk to any real muslims either if 1billion of them hated me.
As far as I know the land was given to them by the owner of the land.

That's more than the people of the United States of America can say about theirs.

&gt;Doesn't give them the right to recreate the Holocaust against another people.

That phrase fits perfectly in a story about how the Muslim violence nature is greatly exaggerated.

This well poisoning by using the term holocaust so lightly is truly unfortunate as the only thing it leads to is to make the uneducated believe it's true and thus diminishing its meaning.

Do you even have an idea how many people died in the holocaust compared to the Palestinian deaths (as Israeli deaths are obviusly meaningless to you)?

FYI the death toll of the Iraq war (2003) is an order of magnitude (or 2?) larger the deaths of Palestinian since 2000.
Would you like to withdraw your earlier statement:

&gt;None of the major religions are inherently violent whatsoever.
Look at all of the major losses of human life.  Outside of the last century, most of them are due to natural disaster.  To say that religion is going to spell the end of humanity overplays the role that we have in our own destinies.  We're more likely to be wiped out by a meteor than anything else.

And if you're quantifying "threat to humanity" as lives lost, more people die from tobacco, alcohol, accidents, etc than in terrorist attacks and the Iraq war.
no goddamned xtian pretard condemns violence. just YOUR violence. it's okay when they do it. not to mention the FACT that their cognitive disconnect allows them to say what they 'think' the right answer is REGARDLESS of their ACTUAL position on a given matter.

you can see right through them if you have a decent brain. not so much if you don't.
Saying "all muslims believe THIS" is just as fucking stupid as saying "all muslims believe THAT."  
  
You're still putting the thoughts of a huge number of dramatically different people into one statement. It will never work!
[deleted]
No, because they're not.  If they were, most of their adherents would be violent, when they're not.  That holds for all religions, except maybe Scientology, which is more of a cult.

All I've said is you can find text in any of the scripture to justify violence.  But I should have been clearer in my meaning and said you can choose to interpret parts of scripture to justify *anything* in *every* religion.  That's why there are fanatical breakaway sects of any religions.  They go off the deep end and they aren't "more" religious than others, they're merely choosing to interpret scripture in a pathological way to justify their own crazy beliefs and actions.
I only agreed that religion is *one* of the biggest threats.

Charles Manson killed an absolutely insignificant number of people compared to those who died in car accidents during the same period.  That didn't mean the police were wrong to arrest him, or the courts were wrong to send him to jail.

BTW, I can choose to smoke, or to drink alcohol.  It's a slightly different matter if someone murders me.
[deleted]
Contrary to popular belief, blanket statements about an entire religion or group are just as ignorant as other blanket statements about an entire religion or group.
&gt; given that reddit is an intelligent community

I lol'd
OK, so you don't think the two specific passages I listed were in any way violent?  I think you would have to be *illiterate* in order to conclude that those passages were anything other than a justification for murder (under certain circumstances).

I find it frustrating debating people like you who refuse to accept that "kill them wherever ye catch them" means anything other than "kill them wherever ye catch them".

If my brother was on trial for murder, and the police found a tape in which I had told him to 'kill them', then I think any court in the land would convict me for inciting murder.

It wouldn't matter much if I had ended my rant with a plea to be merciful.  I would have said *enough* by that point that a *reasonable* person would understand that I had advocated murder.
I would like to know where you are from. If you are from the US, I would like to know if you really protested against the misdeeds of your current government and the abuse of power that took place. I mean protest in actual outside life and not from the comfort of your couch via  your random reddit user name.

It is a lot more complicated that you think and I wish you did not generalize so broadly. People have different issues and also have families (safety, income)
Yes, you could choose to interpret those passages as giving justification for murder, except of course for the ending which says to restrain yourself.

You're missing my point, because there are also plenty of passages in all religions that say *do not kill*.  Which does one choose to follow?  Well, if you are looking for a justification to wage war, you'll choose the passage that fits that.  If you want to avoid war, you'll choose the passage that fits that.  

My point is scripture does not inherently generate conflict, people generate conflict, and use cherry-picked scripture to justify it.

Is that clear now?
What would the Arabs do with that land? Throw gays in jail? Force women to cover their face in public? Basically run a government more conservative than Dick Cheney could even handle? I didn't know you redditors supported such conservative foriegn governments. Maybe if the groups demanding land were liberal and progressive, this argument wouldn't be retarded.
If India was a Muslim country, the story would probably be different.  A report like this coming from countries like Indonesia, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iran, Somalia, or Saudi Arabia would be more meaningful.
Those were almost coherent sentences, although no logical connection or progression between them.  At least that's an improvement, goyim.
It doesn't matter much that there are also passages which can be used to condemn violence.

There are *enough* passages that do.  

So, OK, I'm sure the Qu'ran, like the Bible, contains verses extolling the virtues of helping little old ladies across the street and taking three baths a day.

That's all very well and good, but it doesn't detract from the fact that there are other passages which clearly justify murder.

----------
It also hasn't escaped my notice that the Q'ran gleefully describes the eternal hellfire which awaits atheists like me.  From their POV, I morally deserve to be tortured for a literal eternity.

Forgive me if I don't subscribe to their newsletter, or join in the mutual liberal backslapping about how tolerant and diverse those nice Muslims are.
Koran 22:19-22:23 
Garments of fire have been prepared for the unbelievers. Sclading water shall be poured upon their heads, melting their skins and that which is in their bellies. They shall be lashed rods of iron. Whenever, in their anguish, they try to escape from Hell, back they shall be dragged, and will be told: 'Taste the torment of the Conflagration!'
The US did help. The reason was that they didn't want anyone to win. Iran would have accomplished a victory but with the US helping Iraq the war was a stalemate.
If we secured the oil reserves why is the price for gas so high?
Seems to me that's saying what will happen to them in Hell, just like Christianity talks about special torment for atheists in Hell.

That's not advocating doing those things to living people.  You really should read some Old Testament, and some Talmud.
So you're hung up on Muslims, huh?

There are *over a billion* of them.  They're peaceful, just like Christians are.

You should just read more about areas that are predominately Muslim, to get over your xenophobia.

Christianity has it's own ugly history regarding atheists.
I am not against individual people who ethnically belong to Muslim groups.

I am very against the Islamic belief system.  

BTW- How many times do I have to repeat myself?  I am not claiming that Islam is the only religion which preaches violence.

Basically, you're resorting to calling me a racist because you haven't been able to dissuade me of my views regarding a particular religion.

I think that's pathetic.
I am not a Christian or a Jew.

You are talking to the wrong person if you want to argue that the Bible should be exempt from such criticisms.

But- I've already stated (and restated) this point.  I'm not sure why you have such trouble believing me.

Please don't waste my time.  I'm really not interested in repeating myself any more regarding this fact.
But you're the one that's focusing on Islam, and none of the other religions.  Why is that?  Are you not trying to say that Islam is worse?

And that would be bigotry, not racism.
That is not at all what I'm saying, and that's why I quoted "Muslims" in my original post.

What I'm saying is that if 1 billion people accurately followed the Qur'an, they would hate me and my family and my friends.  Thankfully, there aren't that many devout followers.

In the same way "Fundamentalist Christians" make up a very scary part of America, they are probably following the bible closer than anyone else.

Religious moderates, regardless of which faith, generally aren't very interested in what they believe in.  Instead, they're interested in self-labeling themselves into a group.

The real question isn't what the moderates do or how they act, but what the "fundamentalists" do.  Remember that a fundamentalist isn't an "extremist", they are believers in the fundamentals of their respective religions.  People who fundamentally believe in Islam, by definition, hate.  A similar (but probably less strong) argument can be made for the Christians and Jews.

Pretending that the Qur'an is some kind of peaceful text is just ignorance.  People who really believe in this stuff are a big problem, and yes, they are hateful and destructive.
I'm not saying the Bible should be exempt, I'm saying the exact opposite!  I'm saying they all promise fire and brimstone for non-believers!

What you quoted is just saying what will happen in the afterlife in Hell to nonbelievers.  It's NOT saying that's what should be done to nonbelievers in *this* life.
This dialogue is over.
You were molested by a beaver.
Supply and Demand.  China, India...  Not enough production to meet the world's demand.
You make excuses because he's a different colour, and from a different place?

Muhammed was a violent man. Such is evident by his actions.
Biased articles with a clear agenda don't carry as much weight in my decision making as my own two eyes.
I guess I was thinking more along the lines of the Chief Rabbi of Israel making some quote about exterminating all Palestinians.  I can't find the quote right now, and probably would be blocked by my company's browser censor anyway (Thankfully they don't block Reddit.)  I can't really justify any deaths in the name of religion so magnitude doesn't come into play.  And I certainly find the actions of the US government contemptable with regards to Iraq, among others.
truth hurts.
So is God in the Old Testament, doofus.
Hypothetically, say I believe god wasn't just a fairy tale, what possible link is there between  "God in the Old Testament" and Muhammeds violence?

Does the former justify the later?
[deleted]
Damnit...I had *finally* blocked those memories out...
No, I'm pointing out that all religions have violently interpretable parts of their scripture, and therefore cherry-picking one out and concluding that religion is violent is utterly inaccurate.

There are over a billion Muslims, more than there are Christians.  They're not violent.  You're being manipulated by your xenophobia to think so, and I'm giving you the information to gain the perspective necessary to see that.
When 200,000 of them riot and kill 200 because of a Miss Universe ad, it's hard to see the peaceful trees for the forests of idiots.

Insult Mohammad or burn a Koran and we see the peaceful side every time.  Sure there's one's that don't think that way.  They're usually the one's to die first.
so do christians - good luck finding many in positions of power that express that sentiment, though.
I have no idea why, when the oil industry gained control of the most powerful nation on Earth in 2000, prices moved up. (&lt;/sarcasm&gt;)

----------------

Bush, Cheney and Rice were all players in the oil industry, though Bush was only the populist figurehead, he never had an oil tanker named for him, unlike Rice.
You're projecting bigotry onto me to compensate for your own white guilt. I'm not saying most muslims are violent, I'm saying Muhammed was violent. And actions cannot be misinterpreted as 1500 year old books.

The way I see it, most muslims, like most christians, are idiots, who need to be told what life is before they can figure it out themselves. There is another class of muslims who cling to religion out of a sense of cultural identity, and to them I am both frustrated and thankful at the same time. Thankful that these are the types that change Islam (a religion based on the teachings of a violent, stupid man) from a violent (whether it be misinterpreted or intended to be so, it is as it is) to a modern day hippy love fest (or so they would have you believe). Yet at the same time I'm frustrated by the fact that they're not advancing their own frontiers by realizing all religion is bullshit, and if the best and brightest of a community can't advance, then that community itself will stagnate and revert.
I honestly thought the title read "condone"
I'm not basing my words on "white guilt."  I'm basing them on the facts and proper perspective.

All of the religions from that period could be construed as advocating violence.  All of them.  You seriously need to question why you need to cherry-pick out Mohammed and call him a "violent, stupid man."  

Stupid?  You just have some issues with Islam and Muslims.  Try to figure out what those are.  Maybe it has something to do with your hatred for blacks?  Or else some local Indians/Arabs who have a business that is doing better than yours/your dad's.  Or maybe you were beat in school by a guy from India or Pakistan, and you're confusing Hindu with Muslim?  Really, this is about you, not about Islam.
[deleted]
can you please provide examples?
I was under the impression that Ayaan  Hirsi Ali has renounced the muslim faith; as opposed to being an active member working to change it from the inside.  I haven't read her book yet, so i could easily be mistaken; but that title's a bit of a giveaway, no?
Did anyone else get the impression (from the article) that the cleric has a wilful misunderstanding of terrorism?

As in, he implies that it is _the objective of the terrorists to discredit Islam_.

eg: "Islam is a religion of peace and to give it a bad name, unscrupulous elements are carrying acts of violence and bloodshed, which is highly regrettable."

To me, this means he is either 

1. wilfully ignorant of the religious sincerity and stated objectives of the terrorists, or 
2. he is knowingly conducting public-relations spin to distance Islam from the terrorists, by portraying them as having anti-muslim objectives.

Is either these options really commendable?


 note - it is of course quite possible his comment was nuanced and not translated well.
I killed about 100,000,000 potential people because of a Miss Universe ad.
Or given the fact that the majority of news media only report on violence done by Muslims, it's impossible to see anything else.
Most sane people condemn violence and hate. I wish we could see that in each other.
If you can't defend it, it will be taken.
"everything else" is what is expected of *all* members of society.

Do you expect the news of Muslims killing 100 people in a riot to get passed up for an article about a Muslim who put $5 in a Salvation Army kettle?
Speaking out says nothing, every religion speaks out against violence. Lets see them become atheists and start pressuring the government for change and then maybe I'll have some belief.
Generalizations by religion are just unhelpful.
You could hitchhike across the middle east to show people that there really is no reason to be afraid of Muslims . . . [OH WAIT!](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7344381.stm)
Hey, invading a country for no reason other than they are Arab Muslims, causing the deaths of a million people - that is much worse, wouldn't you say?
The leader of the US has recently invaded another country for no reason whatsoever, resulting in a million deaths. Have you cowardly refused to stand up against that act of genocide? If so, you are a piece of shit.

(See, this game is easy)
rrrright, but the point being that he wasnt attacking other countries until he had an excuse to do so.  that is what he has been getting away with.
OR... given the fact that the majority of news media only report on violence done by the US, it's impossible to see anything else.

That sort of cuts both ways.  Not saying that you said, but I'm just sayin...
We invaded because they stole our oil.
&gt; As far as I know the land was given to them by the owner of the land.

By "owners", you mean the colonialist British who had already promised it to the Arabs?

What claim did the British have? Only that they had invaded and ruled through force.
I think the difference between the Muslim fundies and the moderates is that the fundies believe THEY are the ones who are supposed to be hating and passing the judgement, while I interpret that to be reserved for Allah
yeah, I don't get it either. Redditors love the muslims and their religion that treats human beings as shit. And if you dare make a criticism they go all "why don`t you take a look at your OWN COUNTRY" yadda yadda. Since WHEN this is argumentation? WTF.
&gt;Therefore I consider all Muslims to be pieces of shit.

All 1 billion of them? Way to super-over-generalize buddy.
If you want to argue who was there first, it was the jews, they were there a couple thousand years before the muslim religion even existed, which just forked off judaism/christianity.

Therefore I think the Jews rightfully win the "we were there first" claim.

If you are basing it on religious rights to the land, I think the jews win again. Wailing wall is the only remnant of the holy temple which is mentioned repeatedly in the old testament.

Muslims however already have there most important remnant, mecca, in saudia arabia.

Also, the jews won't destroy holy muslim monuments if in power, or deny the rights of muslims to visit them.

Muslims are not as accepting, I would like to see you (being a jew, christian or other) actually go visit mecca. It's a giant muslim tornado and your not invited to the party.
More intelligent than the rest doesn't make us intelligent, unfortunately.
shockingly, BOTH of you (turkourjurbs and fwporretto) are correct.

one argument does not overturn the other - hell, they have nothing to do with each other.
"Most people (to this day) are unaware that the vast majority of KKK members around the time of the Civil War were non-violent and opposed violence towards blacks by other members. As a matter of fact, the KKK was disbanded in 1869 by its elected Grand Wizard Nathan Bedford Forrest because he felt that violence by members was outweighing the good the organization was doing."

what what what?!!!??!

rummage around google land

WOW you are correct.
what a piece of interesting historical trivia.
Good example.

This kind of thinking is not entirely dissimilar to hating all Christians because a hitchiker got killed by Ted Haggart amped on speed.

(Do we even know if the killer was a Muslim?)

A person who _wants_ to hate Christians and see them as evil could easily overfocus on that and have it represent "proof" in their head.

Yes, there are going to be some badly behaved people out there.  Horribly badly behaved.  But the more we focus on that the more fearful we grow, and the more _we ourselves become bad people_...  less inclined to cooperate, quicker to attack.

Have you not stopped to consider all the people who welcomed and cared for Pippa?

I expect not.  Chin up, dude.  Go out and make some friends out of strangers.  If a person should come at me with a knife, I might greet them with mine.  But there are many open palms in this world where you are actively trying to see knives.
isnt that an ethnicity not a beleif? dont most people beleive in non violence unless in drastic situations?
Bullshit. You're the one who won't accept that my criticism of Islam is based of the merits of the man who founded it. You're the one who won't accept that Muhammed, was by todays standards a fucking twat, and you associate any  objective criticism I properly apply to him as me compensating for personal grudges?

I hold those who follow the teachings of a man who so plainly and evidently in my eyes worked to further his own personal, egotistical agenda at the expense of not just lives, but of the principals of freedom, thought, and self-determination that I consider sacred and vital to mankinds existence as a whole, to account for their blind willingness to accept such a man as their role model.

I'm an agnostic. I criticize Islam because Islam is worthy of criticism. At least Jesus was a pacifist.
What does that have to do with Muhammad?
I think you have the definition of "condone" backwards.
Your criticism doesn't seem objective to me, you've only stated your rather epithet-laced opinion of him.  What is the utility of that?

I am Catholic, so I agree with you about Jesus, as he is expressed in the Gospels.
Might as well bring up "[God in the Old Testament](http://reddit.com/info/6k8u1/comments/c04381h)," right?
Proper perspective to prevent further melodrama.
No, that wouldn't be relevant, but thanks for expressing your ignorance a bit more.
It is objective. And if I were not such a lazy man I could probably google Muhammed and find his personal kill count, as well as the count for his marauding army.
[deleted]
And my response would be that it's nothing special when put in proper perspective of scripture for all the world's religions.

Seriously, why do you care so much specifically about Islam?  Have you asked yourself that question?  You should buy yourself a good textbook on world religion.
[deleted]
Article down-arrowed for being untrue.
Alright, you may have me here. It's not what you think though. 

If this topic had remained on the topic of Islam itself, I probably wouldn't have bothered to reply.

It is you, and others like you, who throw around words like bigot, and ignorant, in such a weaponized and improper fashion to what would otherwise be perfectly acceptable criticism if Islam was Scientology.

You, and people like you are what drive my confrontational nature.
He's not smoking anything. He's stating the simple, undeniable fact that some Muslim countries are more progressive than many western nations. For example many Muslim countries have elected female leaders several times (eg. Indonesia, Bangladesh, Pakistan). The US, so-called leader of the free world, has yet to achieve this feat.
Oh, there is a single Muslim culture?
Well I don't mean to egg you on, but don't blame me for your own response.

I don't think the word bigot can be used with Scientology, because Scientology is a profit-driven cult.  I do no accept Scientology as a religion.  Now, Scientologists say I am a bigot, and that's their right, but I disagree.

The point is, if I call you a bigot, it's up to you to decide if you agree with that designation.  If you disagree, you can't expect to be able to convince the caller that they are in the wrong. 

I've been called an antisemite so many times, that if I didn't have a strong understanding of what is and isn't bigoted, I would have slit my wrists.
[deleted]
&gt;What claim did the British have? Only that they had invaded and ruled through force.

Same as the previous owners. And the ones before.

I don't know where you live but most chances are that your ancestors took it by force from the previous owners. Do you plan on giving your house back to them?
I don't blame you, I'm explaining why I feel the need to have such a heated discussion.

And I disagree with your third paragraph. I can and do expect to change your mind when I explain the reasons why I believe what I believe. 

I am not some redneck from Kentucky. My neighbours are muslims, there are two mosques within 10 minutes walking distance of my house. My classmates and teachers are muslims, this will not stop me from criticizing Islam. I may not do it anywhere else, but I come to reddit because it is a community accepting of intellectual discussion, something our world severely lacks. I come here to learn, and occasionally teach.
Well, in a perfect world we could all have a perfect idea of what is and isn't bigoted.  But then in a perfect world there isn't any bigotry.  The mere presence of bigotry implies differing perceptions of what bigotry is.

But, we should be able to have some sort of minimal agreeable standard, and that I think is arguable.  But that standard has to be universally applicable to all religions or else it isn't a standard.  That's why I kept bringing up all the other religions because I felt you were unfairly singling out Islam, and I called you a bigot.

That's interesting you have so many Muslims near you.  Have you had any personal experiences with them that were negative?  Have you had this discussion with any of them?
elected females but still under the boot of sharia law. yeah, real progressive... I agree this is a step on the right direction but still, sharia law isn't progressive.

edited to add: what about females in the US senate?
Yes. That is why they all identify themselves as 'Muslim'. If they wanted to separate themselves from that crazy shit they would start calling themselves 'atheist'.
Ok, you got me on that one. I'm glad I learned that. That means today was a good day.

Other than that, I will still respectfully stand by what I said. I know a lot of people from different Muslim countries, and I know they would never treat women in such an extreme manner. However, It is these stories from the women that I know that stick with me, and make me sick. I'm sure it has to do with the way you read the text. Literally you will get that you are allowed to beat women if you suspect ill-conduct.

If you read the new testament, and take it literally, you get women should not speak in church.

While I do not believe that Islam as a whole (geographically)is violent towards women, I do believe Islam is poor to women. The whole "God made men stronger to maintain women" thing.

I think something that a good deal of us can agree on is that religion is responsible for the majority of horrible things in the word, and is not needed.

Apologies to anyone I offended.
I have had negative experiences, but then I've had similar experiences with people of all colours and cultures. 

I do not have these conversation with them for a few reasons. Most importantly is that these subjects don't come up. I can respect my muslim neighbours while still disliking their religion.
Contrary to popular belief i dont care
thats still not enough :-(
Most Muslim countries don't strictly follow Sharia law (that's how women were elected to political leadership in the countries I mentioned). The repressive interpretations of Sharia are bad, I agree and I'm not arguing with you there. But the west has a lot to learn from Muslim countries about women's rights and equality. The fact that the 'leader of the free world' has never elected a women to the position of president yet many supposedly backward Muslim countries (which are far younger) have, repeatedly, is frankly quite shameful.
I fapped!!!!1!! LOLOLOLOLOLOL
holy shit! he is a Jr.?
I don't believe it was relevant to Muhammad, any more than Hitler is relevant to Islam.

Oh, what the hell. I think I'm being trolled.
Point taken.
but the sex of the president is pointless. What's not is who's best suited for the job.

BTW I'm Canadian, and we had a women for Prime Minister (our President) once: Kim Campbell (1993).
Came on the wrong day?
Run, Forrest, Run!
Hawaii?  They were actually considering the American South West.
Shhhh, if people don't think all Muslims are violent terrorists then people might stop voting republican.
&gt; **Choosing faith over reason** is the biggest threat that mankind faces today.

Ah, context.
The problem is that the extremists have the guns.
I kill millions of potential people every time I look at miss universe.
what he means is, just because americans or christians hold candle light vigils, doesn't mean everyone else does to show a time of sadness
I agree that *some* Muslims condemn terrorism.  It appears that these condemnations are not randomly distributed among the population of Muslim clerics. I find that interesting; perhaps you do not.  I wouldn't call it a 'beef'; it's a matter of intellectual curiosity.  It appears that this non-random distribution isn't a coincidence. (See my other comment in this thread where I post a link to a story about a Muslim teacher who was killed for saying 'suicide bombing is un-Islamic' -- it's one thing to believe that suicide bombing is (or can be) in accord with Islam; it's yet another to take it so far as killing people who disagree.)

I wouldn't say that "Muslims don't condemn terrorism"; I don't believe that's true. Another commenter suggested that Islam is going through a Reformation phase; I wondered if that Reformation might be accompanied by a schism.

&gt;Did you really try?

I didn't make it my life's work, but I do tend to follow world events pretty closely. As I said, every time I came across such condemnations, they came either from (secular) Saudi authorities, or the West, etc. As I said, I'd love to be proven wrong -- but your first attempt failed. 

Clicking on your Google link, the first item is from The American Muslim, and it's an article titled [Muslim Voices Against Extremism and Terrorism - Part I - Fatwas](http://www.theamericanmuslim.org/tam.php/features/articles/muslim_voices_against_extremism_and_terrorism_part_i_fatwas/). 

These links look a bit more promising, and I did find a few non-government Saudi clerics, as well as some from Pakistan. As I said, I'm willing to be proven wrong.

I guess my next question is, am I missing signs of some grand ongoing religious debate where these issues are being hashed out? The foreign fighters who come into Iraq -- they appear to be motivated at least partly by religious motivation -- who is preaching to them, and are those guys remaining hidden? 

If the inspiration for terrorism is purely secular, it seems to me it would be easier to counter it on a religious basis.  There may be a small minority that claims religious justification for terrorist activity, but somehow they manage to find recruits, and they don't seem open to change based on the condemnations of others.

I'm not trying to condemn Islam; I'm wondering about the current state of theological debate within Islam on an issue of pressing political interest.
Well in India muslims ARE a minority, but it is one of the only/biggest secular, democratic countries in the region so to have SOMETHING happen is better than nothing.
Nobody said that the hate was irrational. 

Define "terrorist". I don't understand how you can claim that a Pakistani has more probability of being a terrorist than an Irani while both are neighboring countries and have the same sort of influences and social conditions.
Old Testament god is the muslim god too... lol.
You should say 'First KKK' or original KKK here. I suspect most people's image of the KKK might be derived from the second KKK active in the twenties and thirties, which certainly condoned violence against blacks (and jews and catholics sometimes too.)
I double lol'd at your sarcasm backfiring on you.
I am going to put a baby into miss universe and strap a bomb to it to kill everyone's happiness...in the name of vengeance for Allah!
Rape by beaver is not a crime in the US
You can't make generalizations about a general group of people!  That's illegal.  You'll die.
no, the headline was stupid.  do you really believe reddit is a homogenous group who all think and behave alike?
[deleted]
Yeah, that's what happens when I'm browsing reddit 4am at night -_-
But he's talking about Mohammed.
Isn't it strange that Pakistani people who according to you are very religious and traditional end up electing secular and liberal governments and rulers?
[deleted]
Doesn't matter, the news channels will still show Crazed Middle-Eastern Man #63 burning a US flag as the face of Islam.
I don't hear/hear of/see too many condemning violence.
unfortunatelly we live in a world were the *atheist* word has been demonized and we are viewed as dissidents and not an actual *rational* way of thinking.
i think you just hit the nail on the head. lol

its funny how everyone just seems to forget their bibles include all sorts of violence in it, it just seems to be pushed aside bc of the "feel good" stuff.
its not just that, its the way they treat their women, its the fact their bible says its ok to marry a 9 year old, and of course the virgins in heaven. what needs to happen is a massive women repressive regime take hold of these muslim men and completelly denounce how they are treated. its simply inhuman. (and im a man)
or bless you
lulz
i'd say its harder to find SHEEP here than anywhere else.
Wow, does one of you downmodders want to explain?
what I meant was that it seems strange that when its hard to find reporting of an event in Tehran (a candle lit vigil for the victims of 9/11 that **was** held shortly after the event) even if you are looking for the reports of it.  Some people seem aware of it, there are some oblique references to it in other sources, but even searching for "Candle lit vigil Tehran 9/11" seems only to throw up theories about how Iran was involved in 9/11.  The fact that people only seem to remember Muslims cheering the event, and ignore the offers of condolence and acts of solidarity is rather sad.
"Also, the jews won't destroy holy muslim monuments if in power"?

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dome_of_the_Rock#1948_to_present
I agree. Therefore has nothing to do with Iraq and the oil there which was my original response to the thread.
There was a lot of conversations talking about how the Iraq oil reserves would pay for the war in Iraq so it'd essentially be a wash.  Things kinda unfolded differently than that pitch.  IIRC it was the President who said that.
It says nothing about the validity of the poster's statement whether people are offended or not.

I see that you feel it your duty to tell others what does and doesn't offend Muslims.  Do you think that Muslims are incapable of defending themselves and require the help of well meaning liberals to put their case forward?
Most muslims do and always have condemned violence but it's just not interesting  and dramatic enough to be covered by the media.Muslims have as much control over terrorists as Americans have over their foreign policy.

If it were not for Muslim bashing and fear mongering the Republican party would be obselete by now.
&gt;But they still love the invaders.

So whats the problem?
&gt;There is no official estimate of the total death toll of Hindus at the hands of Muslims
The dome of the rock was not threatened/nor damaged by anyone. The rabbi dissed a mosque, but the mosque also still stands, so your point is mute, one cranky old rabbi gets no points on this one.

In fact, under Muslim  rule it was Muslim only, now non Muslims can somewhat enjoy the scenery too under certain circumstances that are respectful of Muslim worshipers. The dome of the rock is important to Christianity/Judaism and Muslims alike. It was not always a worship place for Muslims only, but the Muslims still have that, even in jew-controlled jerusalem.

I don't see what your point is, your reference just proves my point. The Muslims would lock everything down, not let any Jews into all of Jerusalem.
Why does this remind of Statistics?
Something to do with Correlation not being the same as causation
Just say you're agnostic. People give you less crap then.
So all imams must be hateful motherfuckers because they fundamentally believe in islam.
Right... So there is like 0.5-0.6% percent of Muslims that are against violence.... WOW, wasn't that obvious that not ALL Muslims support violence?
because 70-80% of general population of Muslim countries support that man
Some statistics (source BBC - the media company that is not Israel friend):

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/2072851.stm

So you right not *ALL* - just huge majority :)
hi captain obvious
and even those are sleep deprived
I was defending and agreeing with you.  Chill.
in other news water is still wet. are you really surprised palestinians have a problem with israel and that many of them show support for their own freedom fighters? i am actually surprised that it's not 100%. wake up sheeple palestinians.
let me fix this for you: because 70-80% of general population of countries support that man.  
  
heck, lately even a few americans would support that man.
"I would like to know where you are from."  
  
basement.
most polygamists live in the US. save their women first before you bring freedom to other people. thank you.
&gt; its leader tried to kill bush's dad

The Kuwaitis beat a confession out of an Iraqi smuggler, saying that the Iraqis had given him a bomb to assassinate Bush senior in Kuwait. The smuggler had lost the bomb in the desert though. It doesn't sound all that plausible really, does it?

"Uday, how shall we kill Bush?"

"Well father, we can send a small contingent of our top men from the Republican Guards, armed with a bomb, a detailed layout of Kuwait University, with our best intelligence, and of course they shall undergo intensive training"

"I have a better idea. Lets give the bomb to some petty criminal and tell him to do it"
"What would the Arabs do with that land?" - hmm... not sure - well, so let's steal it goddamnit.

"Maybe if the groups demanding land were liberal and progressive" - demanding land? it's theirs.
6 million? yes, so they say.  
  
p.s. it's holocaust® btw
"but that title's a bit of a giveaway" - nope, the title is just marketing.
yep, hitchhikers never get killed for example in australia.  
  
and thanks to the US the middle east is plagued by war since the early fifties. and war plagued region is never safe to travel anyway, ya know. common sense, troll.
switch off fox news.
you are risking being called anti-semite. shhh...
you are violating international copyright laws. the term "western guilt" is only to be used in conjunction with hitler and the jewish people. it is a registered trademark to israel. this is your first and final warning. thank you - please visit reddit again.
praise those who use democracy &amp; freedom™ as an excuse for violence.
i honestly thought that the title read "zionists" - but after i read it again, i knew my brain must have been trolling.
then why are they electing conservative religious nuts and terrorists like the republicans? troll.
Actually it's also commonly used in conjunction with European empire building and colonialism.

Have a nice day.
Ah'm chillin like Bob Dylan.
intelligence +2
awareness +3

I don't discriminate against religions, christians have their nuts too and they typically vote republican. That's a fact.

Point well taken!
yeah, its called the muslim one.
If you actually think that 1.4 billion people spread out from Senegal to Indonesia are somehow a single, monolithic cultural bloc, you must be a *very* ignorant person. Being a social liberal, I hate repressive, medieval, religious mores just as much as you do but by condemning and characterising such a large swathe of humanity under the same brush you betray the same sort of puerilely simplistic mindset of the religious fanatics you obviously abhor. I think the world is just too diverse and intricate a place to be adequately described by such simplistic generalizations.
huh?
lol... it's theirs? that's like saying california is the mexicans'. why are you speaking in the present tense... the land was already stolen. however, i see no reason to give it back to palestine. why allow a state to grow that festers homophobic, misogynistic, and anti-liberal doctrines (if you think anything else, you have no idea what you're talking about). if they present a constitution that isn't based on the primitive dogma of the koran, that'd be different. but they are a very fundamentalist society, and as a liberal i think progress starts by not allowing dogma to grow.
[deleted]
nice try, but it's not.
"why allow a state to grow that festers homophobic, misogynistic, and anti-liberal doctrines" - and that is so different from current USA or zionist israel?  
  
"if they present a constitution that isn't based on the primitive dogma of the koran"  
  
cute.
you don't seem to know much about the united states.

Summary:
I would like to know where you are from.
"I would like to know where you are from."
I'm not saying most muslims are violent, I'm saying Muhammed was violent.
the problem is not that muslims dont condemn violence.
I agree that *some* Muslims condemn terrorism.
(I know that's not what you're trying to say - just pointing it out).
I am not a Christian or a Jew.
I can see why Reddit hates them.
Really, this is about you, not about Islam.
not so much if you don't.
I think I'm being trolled.
yeah, its called the muslim one.
I could live with that.
Sure there's one's that don't think that way.
Obviously moderate Muslims condemn violence.
yeah, I don't get it either.
I criticize Islam because Islam is worthy of criticism.
I am not claiming that Islam is the only religion which preaches violence.
I only agreed that religion is *one* of the biggest threats.
It's as if not saying that would lead to violence.
The fact is, few if any muslims in India support terror.
I wouldn't say that "Muslims don't condemn terrorism"; I don't believe that's true.
Do you really think that these people are ignorant of their own religions?
But, having said that, I also believe in the right of people to practice their faiths.
Saying "all muslims believe THIS" is just as fucking stupid as saying "all muslims believe THAT."
So you do agree that Muslims condemn terrorism.
It's not what you think though.
You just have some issues with Islam and Muslims.
I was defending and agreeing with you.
But where are the  muslim clerics speaking out against violence *in Afghanistan*?
If so many of the Muslim women I know have to flee their country (France for one!)
Religious violence will be with us for as long as there is religion.
That's just how people behave.
I find that interesting; perhaps you do not.
&gt; The fact is, few if any muslims in India support terror.
&gt; But where are the muslim clerics speaking out against violence in Saudi Arabia?
If India was a Muslim country, the story would probably be different.
If you are basing it on religious rights to the land, I think the jews win again.
I do no accept Scientology as a religion.
They're peaceful, just like Christians are.
There are over a billion Muslims, more than there are Christians.
It doesn't matter much that there are also passages which can be used to condemn violence.
A belief held by many redditors that people other then themselves believe Muslims don't condemn violence.
I wish we could see that in each other.
Oh sure, what should I tell the murderers in the US?
The solution to religious violence is not yet more religion.
Sure, by the looks of it, it's going to be a good read.
Muslims are not as accepting, I would like to see you (being a jew, christian or other) actually go visit mecca.
It would be nice to think this isn't true, but I don't hold out much hope.
I'm sure it has to do with the way you read the text.
Of course *all* Muslims don't condone violence.
This doesnt change the fact that way too many Muslims condone it.
Unfortunately good news doesn't make for good news :/
However, I don't think we should fool ourselves.
Some clerics speaking out against violence does not change the facts about what Islam really is.
That's not advocating doing those things to living people.
Every country is having trouble with its Muslims.
I can't believe people are modding you up.
Well, I'm just going by what my female Muslim friends say and my personal experiences.
Read The End of Faith.
you don't seem to know much about the united states.
All the Muslims I know would kick your ass for suggesting they don't condemn violence.
I asked for *muslim clerics* from Afghanistan, Saudi Arabia, or Pakistan.
You dont know your history, bigot.
That's more than the people of the United States of America can say about theirs.
Speaking out says nothing, every religion speaks out against violence.
The way I see it, most muslims, like most christians, are idiots, who need to be told what life is before they can figure it out themselves.
Contrary to popular belief, blanket statements about an entire religion or group are just as ignorant as other blanket statements about an entire religion or group.
Yes, I've seen lots of articles with titles like "Muslim Clerics Condemn Violence!"...
What would the Arabs do with that land?
"What would the Arabs do with that land?"
But you're the one that's focusing on Islam, and none of the other religions.
That's interesting you have so many Muslims near you.
Most sane people condemn violence and hate.
I am very against the Islamic belief system.
Therefore I think the Jews rightfully win the "we were there first" claim.
I will try to be more humane next time.
Whether or not "Muslims" act on it or not, go read the Qur'an.
As long as you don't say, "Muslims don't condemn terrorism."
actually we never elected him...
I do not have these conversation with them for a few reasons.
(Point) =======&gt; (you)

Well shit, looks like you missed it.
I'm not so sure this applies to *every* religion.
People who fundamentally believe in Islam, by definition, hate.
I don't hear/hear of/see too many condemning violence.
That means today was a good day.
"Blind Liberal Propaganda" - with all due respect to you, what makes you think this article (or the point it is trying to make) is blind liberal propaganda?
India has been terrorized by Muslims for 1300 years!
&gt;But where are the muslim clerics speaking out against violence in Afghanistan?
I'm not sure why you have such trouble believing me.
You're missing my point, because there are also plenty of passages in all religions that say *do not kill*.
But the west has a lot to learn from Muslim countries about women's rights and equality.
Islam is to be condemned, not apologized for.
That is why they all identify themselves as 'Muslim'.
The bible is just as bad, I wasn't implying that it's not.
I wouldn't be so hasty with your generalizations.
That is not at all what I'm saying, and that's why I quoted "Muslims" in my original post.
I never see anyone publicly condemn murder -- obviously they're killers.
(Do we even know if the killer was a Muslim?)
I can respect my muslim neighbours while still disliking their religion.
I did included them with "conservative religious nuts"
Or did you just assume India is an Islamic country.
There's moderate islamic nations out there.
"As many as six Muslim clerics ..." Wow.
Hey, invading a country for no reason other than they are Arab Muslims, causing the deaths of a million people - that is much worse, wouldn't you say?
As I said, I'm willing to be proven wrong.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.39
