Original Response:
Funny how whatever right wing rag is reporting this is using legislation transparently aimed at muslims wearing headscarfs in public as a sign of ZOMG TEH MUSLIMS! MULTICULTURALISM! CATS AND DOGS LIVING TOGETHER! 

Europe has an ongoing tradition of secularization and no sane European would think of such laws in terms of abandoning 'the values heir societies were built upon'.
[deleted]
It feels so GOOD to ban stuff, doesn't it?  It's so---liberating!

"Everybody's happy now."

       --Aldous Huxley, Brave New World
You know, if they weren't religious symbols, they probably wouldn't be banned. It's just another sign of trying to restrict our rights.
Your title lacks a "respectively," as schools are unaffected by the recent Danish decision to ban religious apparel from court rooms. The ban, I should add, only affects the judges who are actively involved in ruling.

What is the "scoop" here, anyway? People are arguing against the notion that judges should appear neutral so that people whose life may be severely affected by the court's ruling feel that such a ruling was handed down by a neutral party?

As for the Christian crosses, no one wears those in Denmark anyway, since Northern Europe is not comprised of insane, 15th-century, peasant-minded idiots like certain other parts of the world.

Finally, to suggest that Denmark is somehow surrendering to Muslims is to be entirely unaware of the reason for this ban. The issue was raised because we didn't want Muslim scarves in the court rooms. That is the reason for the decision. That other religions are affected too is just an unfortunate but entirely irrelevant side effect.
&gt;no one wears those in Denmark anyway, since Northern Europe is not comprised of insane, 15th-century, peasant-minded idiots like certain other parts of the world.

No, it's full of [these people](http://www.propeller.com/viewstory/2008/05/13/danish-guidos-epic-waste-of-life-pics/?url=http%3A%2F%2Ftheofftopic.com%2Fviewtopic.php%3Ff%3D6%26t%3D1137&amp;frame=true).
I thought these crosses just represent the [Crux Constellation](http://images.google.com/images?hl=en&amp;q=Crux+Constellation) and the appearance of the movement of the Sun in that general direction every year on the 25th December (3 days after the Winter Solstice).

See these documentaries; [Zeitgeist part 1](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2740987755232169561) and [The Naked Truth](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-8251447278663885234).
Oh yeah, I see how these 15-year-olds invalidate my argument. Sorry.
Ah, I see, reason, logic, and rationalism.  Where the Hell do you think you are, Eurofag!!  This is teh US Internets!
Well, I'd say that the name of the site is a good indicator of what their goal is: a world divided in fear, ignorance and lies.

Really, crosses in public schools banned? I went to a catholic school till 6 years ago, and the only cross I remember was in the local chapel. I'm attending a catholic university right now, and the only link it has with religion is the virgin Mary in its historical symbol, a yearly mass most don't even attend when the academic year starts and a required course on religion and ethics. Note that this course was about the concept of religions, not one in particular. No crosses in any of the buildings I know of.

So if Denmark and our neighbour Germany are any similar, even if this story were correct it still wouldn't matter in everyday life. This is Europe: your religion or lack thereof is nobody's business but your own.
I can't speak for denmark, but the article is full of bullshit about germany.  The very value the german society is built upon is the human dignity.  The first article of the constitution roughly translates to 

"The dignity of each human being is untouchable.  It is the first duty and goal of all federal powers to secure and protect it."  

Next articles are about rights, freedom, equality, secularity of state and so on.  

Christian religion is somewhere on the spectator's ranks.  And I do not recall any religious symbol to be displayed in school at all.  Who are those cretins who write such nonsense?
Yay!
Oh yes, because the US owns the internet.

I hope you're learning to speak chinese yank.

:D
I agree.

Fuck religion, the sooner it is done away with in the public sphere the better.
Of course they wouldn't be banned if they weren't religious.

Do you have any idea of what the word secular means and why it is an important ideological political system?
Well we don't have a state church that gets its funding from our tax dollars.
The political system being secular and forcing the people involved in said political system to be secular are very different.  

In this case they are trying to make people appear secular, which actually has no affect on how the system operates. Other than by possibly making other people more comfortable.  The people wearing religious symbols are still religious and, probably, still good judges/teachers/misc other public servants.

You seem to think it is impossible for a religious person to participate in a secular political system without significant religious bias, which is preposterous and not addressed by either of these laws. (I've read into your posts a little for that)

Either way, these laws are an unnecessary restriction of rights and they do nothing but make "other people" comfortable.
&gt; This is how Denmark and Germany surrender their original religious values.

By Thor and his mighty hammer we must smite the unbelievers and Denmark will prevail!!!

Oh, it wasn't those original values?
"You seem to think it is impossible for a religious person to participate in a secular political system without significant religious bias, which is preposterous and not addressed by either of these laws. (I've read into your posts a little for that)"

George W Bush said god told him to invade iraq. I think that proves religion does effect politcal action, considering he is the world's most powerful politician.

As for these laws all they force is that people not be overtly religious in public. They have no effect on what you do at home. I am all for this. Religion needs to die and this is the nice and non violent way to start the trend. Everybody can do what they want at home but without political enforcement (ala afganistan or Pakistan or even american when you are forced to pledge about god) religion will slowly die on its own.

Down with god! It is time religion dies, and hard. I can't wait until we knock down the churches (with nobody in them I might add)
It's a joke, take it easy.
China hates the internet.  Look at all these sites they have censored: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_notable_websites_blocked_in_the_People%27s_Republic_of_China

And those are just the *notable* ones.
Holy crap WTF?!
Oh, of course. Silly me. Lord knows the chinese suck with computers - its not like they ever hacked the pentagon now is it?
good. don't need religion fucking up a good education or court trials.
No, George W. Bush saying God told him to invade Iraq proves nothing but that George W Bush lets his religion dictate his politics.  It doesn't prove anything about religious people.

There are plenty of US politicians who don't do everything their religion dictates.  You may remember the 2004 presidential campaign?  John Kerry is pro choice and Catholic.  He was told by several bishops that he would not be allowed to take communion in their church.  He very clearly stood up to religious pressures.

These laws don't force people to not be overtly religious in public.  They force people to not be overtly religious at work. 

These laws are, in my opinion, no different than any other laws passed by a government to oppress a specific group.  People in Europe don't like religious people, particularly Muslims, so they passed a law banning the outward expression of their faith at work.  This has absolutely no effect on how the person will do their job, it doesn't stop them from being biased by their faith.  All it does is make other people comfortable.

For once I'm glad I live in America.  We've got plenty of messed up shit going on but at least people can still believe and wear whatever they want (for the most part anyway).
Rofl.

My arse. You will never have a president who belives in anything other than christianity publically or who dislikes israel.

Freedom my arse.

Summary:
I am all for this.
These laws don't force people to not be overtly religious in public.
As for these laws all they force is that people not be overtly religious in public.
It doesn't prove anything about religious people.
They force people to not be overtly religious at work.
The political system being secular and forcing the people involved in said political system to be secular are very different.
You know, if they weren't religious symbols, they probably wouldn't be banned.
Really, crosses in public schools banned?
Of course they wouldn't be banned if they weren't religious.
And I do not recall any religious symbol to be displayed in school at all.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
