Original Response:
India tries to curry favor with Iran
US has lost their credibility, i wouldn't take their advice either.
The Dehli-gates have spoken
India, Fuck Yhea!
That was foolish, 'cause we give greeeaaaaaat advice.
The news should be that India advices US to dialogue with Iran for peace...""Neither country needs any guidance on the future conduct of bilateral relations as both countries believe that engagement and dialogue alone lead to peace,""... India has great influence in ME they can launch israel Satellites and have great economic investment in Iran, see big pipeline of gas... Maybe India should promote dialogue of Israel and Iran for peace too. I could see india peacekeepers in Israel/Palestine...
Thank you, come again!
Americans can't push these Indians around like they genocided their own Indians
Can we please reject our own advice on Iran?
While ignoring Un Solicited Advise
Well, of course, they're going to reject U.S. advice: they're already getting it from Israel.
[deleted]
In other words (directed to bush, inc.)... "Mind your business child and return to the kids table, adults are speaking here."
Not everyone can invade oil rich countries, some have to befriend them.
It has nothing to do with the Muslim population of India, most of whom aren't even Shia and less than 1% have any connection with Iran.

It has everything to do with oil or more accurately gas. Google Iran gas pipeline.
India 1  Bush 0
Ouch! That had to hurt, eh, Americans? Well, mod him down till the truth is suppressed. That's what you're getting good at these days.
[deleted]
This has little to do with India's moral superiority and more to do with India's need for Iranian oil
...You must be new to Reddit.
Whatever be the reason (imagined or otherwise), at least it is doing the right thing.

It was against American interests to invade Iraq but that didn't stop our foreign policy morons, did it?

If you finally come across an incident where the government does the right thing for its people and not just a few vested interests, you should applaud it.
It also has to do with basic intelligence.
That pipeline will run through Pakistan which should be very interesting.
[deleted]
India never sides with the US. Its because the US always sides with Pakistan. Which was caused by India siding with Russia.
What if the child is stronger than the adult and can spank them?
[deleted]
Actually, we'll likely stay good at promoting non-mainstream viewpoints unti**[THIS COMMENT AND ITS USER HAVE BEEN EDITED UNDER ARTICLE 322 OF THE ETERNAL VIGILANCE ACT.  CONTINUE ENJOYING FREEDOM!]**
Are you sure? Our mother country (Britain) sure did it just fine.
Why are you being downmodded? You are right, with its booming economy India needs large resources of energy.
[deleted]
[Nader Shah](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nadir_Shah#Invasion_of_India) of Iran killed 20,000 to 30,000 Indians and looted all their wealth. The wealth he looted from India was so huge that the Iranians didn't pay any taxes for the next three years.
Sounds like you should boycott all US inventions and products since America is so evil... like the computer you're using to troll reddit with.
[deleted]
made in China
the american advice was caste aside
in 1783...
Products?

Why bring China into this?
I don't think the "(Britain)" was neccesary.
I downmodded him for either missing the joke or perpetrating a pun so subtle I couldn't see it.
there are no sacred cows here
Delhiberatedly rejected
[deleted]
I was 'vishn u would do that
+1 for verbing up Genocide.
He might have been Acadian.
Then we have a crappy Robin Williams movie on our hands
Because the inventor of the computer killed Indians all the time . . . ?
1739.
I think you overestimate the average intelligence of reddit today :P
I loved that movie. I would have tried to bang my teacher to if she was a hot latina.
Fuck, you got me there.
[deleted]
Did you need the Latina qualifier?
[deleted]
Invented in Britain and Germany, amongst others.
the US has as much credibility as OJ
can't. unless US actually had the balls to take on a nuclear capable nation; which it hasn't. 

and taking on india is not politically possible simply because of the strong of the Indo-American community which has quite a lot of clout in DC.
made in Korea. kthxbai.
it will be. imagine a world where you and your oft maligned competitor actually agree on a resource pipeline which they both can share. though it will be a bitch in reality.
You knew, naughty boy! Now wait for the knock of a Mossad squad on your door for disclosing the Terrible Truth.
Had commented on a different submission of the same news -
&gt; India always had decent relations with Iran. It's common to hear both countries say that they have a long legacy of trade and cultural relationships. (Ancient Persia &amp; India have ties dating back thousands of years)

&gt; And as said in the article India &amp; Iran were against the Taliban in Afghanistan while Pakistan, Saudi Arabia &amp; USA were supporting it.

http://reddit.com/info/6gpyo/comments/c03snza
[deleted]
I see what you did there, nice Punjab.
Not too mention the broken and bankrupt military machine.
That's why the brits ended up abandoning the Indian colony, right?
Since when is the Israeli message any different from the US message?

When the US has an opinion, it has long been approved by the Israeli power structure.
wearenotyourtoysnow
[deleted]
"If I Allowed 9/11"
by GW Bush
In a tit for tat reponse US rejects india's advice to pull out or Iraq
You see, people, it's really just the United States who is the dumb ass bully who still hasn't understood that scare tactics cannot progress you in life.

Only America and Europe remain under Illuminati control.
Yeah Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is a real "adult." I'd put Bush and him in the same boat.
[deleted]
Gee no shit asshole and he's referring to India  speaking with Iran. Back to the world of warcraft forms with you.
[deleted]
Because there are different ways to get what you want. instead of playing politics, they are simply saying, you might have your own laws in your own country as long as you dont try to impose your laws on us. and as long as you do that, you can also build reactors for non-military purposes and help us out with your oil. 

The other way would be, dude, we are the 2nd biggest market in the world and you cant ignore us, so sell us the oil or we will seek help from our mighty ally in exerting pressure on you and put a ban on your oil completely.

That is why he is being downmodded.
It seems that you are incapable of even following a simple comment / reply system. Good luck with everything.
&gt;unless US actually had the balls to take on a nuclear capable nation; which it hasn't.

What about the Cold War?
It doesn't take a genius to see why:

http://phatcow.com/stupid_bush.jpg
I'm sure MOSSAD has better things to do than to chase down all of the billions, that's billions of people who could guess as to the reasons why:

http://phatcow.com/stupid_bush.jpg
funny picture. it proves everything.
I am glad my country finally has balls to say NO to US.
not possible. it's too hot in india
not oil. Natural Gas. But on other hand we loose Enriched Uranium for reactors
did anyone submit a reddit article of the incident back then?
Sorry for the downmods you got but yes its true. Most of the local parties are usually against US policies. Even the article mentions dissent in the party when India voted against Iran with a pro-west tilt.
In any case, it would be rather hypocritical for India to lecture Iran on developing nuclear technology.
As opposed to the US doing it???
False alternative.
[deleted]
Laying on the irony rather thick.
I am Indian and I like to think that I know a thing or two about Indian politicians. Trust me those politicians are always playing politics, they are not acting becuase of some moral high ground. India desperately needs Iranian oil and they will do anything to get it.
Who cares? He was referring to a specific case. Stop being a PC Nazi.
you missed the point.
its not politics that you are talking about YOUR people, that is called corruption. 

and your politicians are corrupt, if you are saying so.
Oh yeah, Indian politicians are definitely one of the most corrupt leaders in the free world.   Whenever the World Bank or someone else gives money to India only a fraction of the money is spent on actual projects. The rest is eaten up by the government workers. That's why almost all Indian politicians are super rich.

Summary:
it's too hot in india.
That is why he is being downmodded.
India never sides with the US.
Its because the US always sides with Pakistan.
and your politicians are corrupt, if you are saying so.
It has everything to do with oil or more accurately gas.
I could see india peacekeepers in Israel/Palestine...
India desperately needs Iranian oil and they will do anything to get it.
I am glad my country finally has balls to say NO to US.
India tries to curry favor with Iran.
unless US actually had the balls to take on a nuclear capable nation; which it hasn't.
&gt;unless US actually had the balls to take on a nuclear capable nation; which it hasn't.
That's what you're getting good at these days.
That pipeline will run through Pakistan which should be very interesting.
Can we please reject our own advice on Iran?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
