Original Response:
AMA: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/fzb49/i_am_an_anonymous_prophet_ama/

It ends when I kick down the throne of hell. 
------------------------------------------------------- Introduction
Me in front of a microphone, cameras flashing: "I am a prophet. Heaven and hell exist. Jesus is coming back, I will be his father. "

So here I am. Talking to God and the Devil about how to write the script for my movie. The only person whom I have told that I speak to God is my psychologist, and she just thinks I’m delusional. My mother wants me to get a part time job or go back to school. For the past two months I have been prophesying the future and trying to figure where to take my life. What I know is that I will be King, President of the United States, and father to Jesus. 

My life is like a videogame with the cheat codes turned on. I can see the future and I talked to two genius entities, God and the Devil, who know the answer to almost any question. The Devil isn’t such a bad guy.

Now a little background on me. I smoke a lot of cigarettes. Cigarette sales are going to go up 20% once this movie comes out. I’m thinking about quitting or putting a warning sign in front of this movie just so that doesn’t happen (this is one of the benefits of being a prophet - being able to change the future). I am 23 years old. I am going to be in a wide-awake daydream for probably the rest of my life. I am going to be the biggest celebrity on the planet. People will think that I’m cool. I’m very nervous.

--------------------The movie begins
VO: I was driving back to Merced, California when I felt an energy in my feet. It was helping me speed past cars and avoid the cops. I felt like it was some divine force. It felt like I was Jesus. I was listening to Maroon 5 when the song “Runaway” came on. My left foot pulsated during the chorus. I took it as a sign that I should run away from my apartment. My right foot told me to not run away. 

Alan exits his car and enters into his apartment, seeing the door frame ripped off and splintered wood on the ground. He sees that his computers and guitar had been stolen. I thought it was my ex girlfriend who had broken in. I was still madly in love with her.

V.O. I later called the cops and they filed a police report. Little did I know that the divine force was soon to be there for good. I thought that maybe that feeling in my feet was my imagination and things would return to normal. I was totally wrong.

------------------------------------------------------- Crucification
I was smoking some cigarettes when I found out that the way things are going, I would be crucified. I decided to tell people I would be crucified, and hoped that that would change things. It apparently wouldn’t, according to the prophecy waves. I started questioning everything. I thought maybe I would stay anonymous. Apparently the world would end. God thought that I would either kill myself by 2012 or be crucified. I thought that this whole situation didn’t make any sense. I planned on writing a book titled “Why the world couldn’t handle a prophet” or maybe a rolling stone article that I would send to the publisher. God and the Devil were both very worried. We had come so far. I started thinking “I did not sign up for this. This just happened to me. Why would the world end?” I cried. I thought maybe some holy war would be started, or something along those lines. Then I realized that I could tell people that if I was crucified, whoever crucifies me would go to hell, which is true according to the prophecy waves. Jesus, the Devil, and God thought for sure that I would be crucified because of this. I listened to Brandon Flowers’ song with the lyrics “10,000 demons march with every footstep” and realized that Heaven and Hell were going to war over my soul, since I wasn’t going to be crucified. Angels and Demons would die. Then I listened to Coldplay’s yellow, while getting my car washed and realized that the war would last two weeks, and in the end the Devil would die. The Devil does not want to die, so there was no war. Once the devil is incarnated, all the demons will become Angels. I was greatly relieved that there was no war being fought and that I will not be crucified. I can become a famous prophet and possibly be king. While listening to another song, I found out that the way things are going, I will be retired by 30.

-----------------------------------------------------The train station

I was walking around Merced trying to get rid of the digital virus and walking in circles when Jesus led me to the train station. The train station was a special part of hell. Jesus was waiting for the next Jesus (me) in order to be free and go to Heaven. This is still part of the invasion subplot I was led to believe that a psychopath would have been fake Jesus and my ex girlfriend would have married him. I was supposed to head to San Francisco or New York and plug my ears until 2012, where I would be a homeless man. I was given hope by Jesus that digital virus would go away eventually. He sat me down at the train station and told me to analyze things. Why was this happening? Why would God let it happen? Was this my destiny to be a fake, unknown Jesus? Jesus wanted me to fight for things so that good stuff would happen. Jesus asked me to break him out of the train station so we walked around and picked up a brick. I threw it at the train station window. It was mostly symbolic however it did lead to Jesus coming back to Heaven. It was a sign for things to come. I learned that there is a mirror between Heaven and Hell and Earth. Some things that I did were mirrored back in heaven, that is how I broke Jesus out of the "train station".

This prophecy is vague in telling me that this will be United States v. Disbelief. If you have chosen to read this entire thing, good for you. You are one of the first people to know that there is a prophet and Jesus is coming back. Maybe people won't believe me now, but they will. If you think this is a troll post, just wait. Things will start happening very soon. I'll be hanging with Obama and guesting on Jon Stewart and Oprah. I am looking forward to it. I'll be prophesying further and then I'll let my name be known.

Peace be with you.

-The anonymous prophet

Summary:
Jesus, the Devil, and God thought for sure that I would be crucified because of this.
Jesus is coming back, I will be his father. "
It felt like I was Jesus.
It was a sign for things to come.
Why would God let it happen?
The Devil does not want to die, so there was no war.
God thought that I would either kill myself by 2012 or be crucified.
Things will start happening very soon.
I started thinking “I did not sign up for this.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
