Original Response:
Wow! Jimmy Carter is a better President now than when he actually *was* the President. Go Jimmy!
Jimmy Carter gets more done before 9:00AM than Bush will in his entire term.
#IF YOU CAN'T READ THIS ARTICLE (OR ANYTHING AT THE NEW YORK TIMES FOR THAT MATTER) CLEAR YOUR COOKIES. YOU CAN NOW ACCESS EVERYTHING AT THE NYT

Sorry, but someone inevitably complains about it.
He got dealt a bad hand. 

The taking of the hostages wasn't his fault, it was [blowback](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Ajax)

And that they were released the day Reagan was inaugurated is a pretty huge coincidence, especially considering Reagan had a former CIA head as his running mate. 

Also, the oil crisis hit during his presidency. He probably would have rolled with the hostage situation, but having gas lines and price controls and asking people to voluntarily use less energy? That did him in. American people are selfish. (Hey, I'm American, I'm not that much better than my peers). 

And then stagflation, which I think is the result of earlier Keynsian policies, hit. Ouch.  Add onto that, Carter was a true Washington outsider, and wasn't liked in the Congress, and you have the makings of a "bad presidency".

I don't think he was that bad, but then again, I'm not like most Americans that expect more more and more from the government, instead of having to potentially make a sacrifice.

I would also say that while Fallwell and Bush and company twisted Christianity to get votes, Carter was and is a true Christian. We could use more Christian leaders like him, not the phony warmongers of the Bush administration.
[deleted]
Jimmy Carter was a loser as a President and he hasn't exactly improved.  He still lives in a fantasy world.
Jimmy Carter: Getting shit done since even before McCain was born.
The Onion [pegged it long ago](http://www.theonion.com/content/opinion/i_got_what_america_needs_right).
I thought his op-ed in the Onion earlier this year was much more forceful: http://www.theonion.com/content/opinion/i_got_what_america_needs_right
He's spending his post-presidency cleaning up some of the messes the empire's made over the years. Far nobler than what any of the others have done recently.
yea, i see carter as guy who could have been considered a great president if he was elected just a few years later. plus, he wasnt enough of a "politician"
Is it any surprise that the 20th century's worst President spends his time with Maoists and Hamas?
[deleted]
I was about to go into a defensive rant just-in-case of a storm of "loser President" statements. But, you summed it up damn well.
stupid fucking xtian pretard peanut farmer.
Carter's failures as President are eclipsed by his failures as ex-President. There are no words to describe what a despicable excuse for a human being he is.

President Bush should order Carter's passport revoked. He should tell him that he will be prosecuted under the Logan Act if he persists in his rogue diplomacy.
I guess the definition of a good leader is making Americans feel warm and fuzzy for being Americans, instead of confronting problems. 

I guess that's why our grandparents had victory gardens, but we gets tax cuts and 200 dollar checks along with 2 wars with huge hikes in domestic spending.

To me, that's why UHC doesn't make sense right now. We don't have the goddamn cash.
He's a saint. He's a humanitarian. And he has done many good works. Stop jeering, and start studying what he has actually done over the past thirty years.
I'm pretty sure revisionist historians have debunked the "pretard" image of Carter. They argue, accurately in my opinion, that the perceived pretardery of president Carter was actually leftover from the sheeple in the Ford and Nixon admins. 

[The rabbit attack?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jimmy_Carter_rabbit_incident) 
Total inside job. Rabbits cannot swim. Those photos are doctored!

Also, Jimmy Carter admitted to his lust [being an inside job](http://www.arts.mcgill.ca/history/faculty/TROYWEB/Courseweb/JimmyCarterThePlayboyInterview.htm)
Agreed. Historically, taxing an economy in the midst of a recession doesn't fare well. Of course I hear people fire back, "But if we stop funding the war, it will balance out." But I don't know about that.
I'll admit he was a terrible politician, and a "bad leader" in the sense he didn't inspire tons of people. But, this isn't sports, where you lie to your players about their chances of winning to pump them up. Sometimes hard truths need to be said, and Carter said em.

[But let's let the man speak for himself](http://www.theonion.com/content/opinion/i_got_what_america_needs_right)
It's rare to hear him so calm and collected.
Yeah, it's a shame that Bush and Co. are doing such a shitty job that Carter has to do it for them.
Whatever fantasy world he's in, I want in on it.
You're a deluded fool.

http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,352073,00.html

http://www.cnsnews.com/ViewForeignBureaus.asp?Page=/ForeignBureaus/archive/200804/FOR20080416b.html
Great article. Great man. Too bad our current government is staffed by chickenhawk pussies who threaten to nuke nations and commit warcrimes. IE, your typical neocon.
I don't know who the hell this Carter joker is, but I think I better ship his terrst ass off to Gitmo.
So why has he stopped short of endorsing Obama? This is basically the exact same discussion they had about Ahmadinejad and Castro.
This Carter guy should run for president someday.
Jimmy Carter wants communism.  And the end to the Israeli state.  Pull your head out of your ass.
Really, if he was a communist, how come he made  millions off the stock market, mr genius? 

And how come he drove a tank for Israel in the Yom Kippur war?

Seems like those two dispute your assertions.
Sure, we could have this again.

The purchasing power of the American dollar, computed in 1967 dollars, was worth 55 cents in 1977; by 1980 it had shrunk to 41 cents. In 1977 the index of consumer prices, according to Department of Labor Bureau of Labor Statistics, stood at 181.5; it hovered at 246.8 in 1980. In 1977 the average unemployment amounted to 6.991 million; in 1980 it stood at 7.637 million. During the same period, Federal unemployment insurance taxes which obviously increase the cost of labor, according to Treasury Department statistics, rose from $92.61 billion to $139.27 billion. The number of Americans living in poverty, according to Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census statistics, amounted to 24.7 million in 1977 and to 29.27 million in 1980. Federal outlays, according to the Office of Management and Budget and Treasury Department, soared from $409 billion in 1977 to $590.9 billion in 1980, budget deficits from $53.6 billion to $73.8 billion, and the Federal debt from $709 billion to $914 billion.

Oh wait.. he's a Democrat.  He's cool then.
Kiss Hank's ass and you get $1000. Pull your head out of your ass.
[deleted]
I might get flamed for this but I think Carter's presidency was basically the same as Bush the First's. Mediocre to bad domestic policy with a brilliant foreign policy.
"I met Grover Cleveland on two non-consecutive occasions". It's possible I guess, he'd just be a little bit old.
What was so great about Panama or Iraq I?
Oh, for christ's sake.  Who's deluded?  You gave me two of the most unfair and unbalanced news sources on the planet.

The internet is a large place.  Seek your news elsewhere.
Good point on Panama, but Iraq I was done with full international cooperation and with a clear definition of victory. Looks positively brilliant next to Iraq II.
And the President has complete control over all these things, amirite?
You best be trolling, nigger.
Instead, we have...

A fraudulent Middle Eastern war against a country that was of little threat to us, Osama bin Laden still at large, domestic wiretaps, torture, an ever-sinking dollar, a global economic crisis largely brought on by GOP deregulation of the US financial sector, the compromising of habeas corpus, Plamegate, fraudulent mid-term dismissals of federal judges, the inept federal response to Hurricane Katrina, the growing disdain of the world, a president with the absolute lowest approval rating in history, and too many other transgressions to recount here. 

Oh wait... Bush/Cheney are Republicans.  He's cool then.
Carter demanded that the Shah of Iran relinquish power and capitulate to the Ayatollah Khomeini…

Before our actions in the Gulf War, Jimmy Carter chased success in his self-appointed role as “American Stonewaller-in-Chief”, by firing off petitions to members of the U.N. Security Council begging for opposition to our plans to liberate Kuwait. He was concerned that we would “de-stabilize” the unbelievably de-stabilized Mid-East and suffer through a long, drawn-out conflict akin to the War of Armageddon as described in the Bible.

 Instead of striving to make progress in North Korea’s horrifying void of human rights, Jimmy Carter directed his efforts at attempting to assist them in their efforts to develop a successful nuclear weapons program.

Before Kim Jong Il, Jimmy gave a glowing review to Kim’s father, the brutal Stalinist dictator Kim Il Sung - “I find him to be vigorous, intelligent,… and in charge of the decisions about this country”. Also, threat-assessment expert Carter comforted U.S. intelligence experts with these words about North Korea: “I don’t see that they are an outlaw nation”. 

 Masquerading as a well-intentioned humanitarian, our x-president has a disturbing history of meddling in global affairs and leaving a wake of destructive failures of mind-blowing proportion and far-reaching implication. These are failures, by the way, that make his presidential double-digits (inflation, interest rates, and unemployment) look like wonderful achievements.
What Carter doesn't seem to know, or maybe say, is that Israel doesn't want peace with the Palestinians. Israel knows they are in the wrong. Only war can allow them to take and keep the land they want. Anyone who tries to make peace is a bigot because they stand in the way of Israeli interest.
Carter wasn't mean enough to be president.
Oh wow, I didn't know that.  Thanks! (except for the shouting)
Ring....ring...Rush Limbaugh called and wants his shtick back.
But if we talk to people what are we going to do with all these bombs?
&gt;our x-president has a disturbing history of meddling in global affairs and leaving a wake of destructive failures of mind-blowing proportion and far-reaching implication.

Actually, that's our *soon to be* ex-president.
Carter needs to be in a box rotting.
He seems uncharacteristically naive in his assessment of the situation in Nepal.  By helping the Maoists, it seems likely that he is helping to establish Nepal as a vassal state of China.
By the time we're out of there, Vietnam will look positively brilliant next to Iraq II.
So this is what Bush's foreign policy (or lack thereof) has reduced us to? It's a sad day when you see that we need our former presidents to negotiate in a manner totally out of band. 

Carter simply goes alone as an envoy not representing the US government, and apparently sees fit to use the New York Times as a medium to broker peace agreements. Kudos to Carter, I guess. I can't help but feel a bit more dismayed at the impotence of our executive branch.
He didn't work out so well the first time.
Depend on who you tax, not everyone in this economy is equal or equally taxed.
BINGO!!
So nobody is currently blaming the F'd up economy on Bush now?
No they suck ass too.
The Associated Press is one of the most unfair and unbalanced news sources on the planet?

Learn how to read a newspaper, idiot.

Summary:
But I don't know about that.
Jimmy Carter is a better President now than when he actually *was* the President.
Kudos to Carter, I guess.
Carter wasn't mean enough to be president.
Oh wow, I didn't know that.
Whatever fantasy world he's in, I want in on it.
What was so great about Panama or Iraq I?
This Carter guy should run for president someday.
Jimmy Carter gets more done before 9:00AM than Bush will in his entire term.
Carter's failures as President are eclipsed by his failures as ex-President.
He didn't work out so well the first time.
President Bush should order Carter's passport revoked.
And he has done many good works.
Jimmy Carter was a loser as a President and he hasn't exactly improved.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
