Original Response:
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
A falling empire doesn't necessarily mean disaster. Look at Britain.
Do you SUPPORT imperial wars?

Does your name refers to Leo Strauss, the godfather of the Neoconservative movement?
[deleted]
I am pro-Constitution and pro-America.

How about you, sir?
IMHO, a lot of the fundamentals in the USA are good.  The US has good factories and production, in spite of us sending a large amount of that to China.  The US has good infrastructure and still outranks China (and most other countries) in political and economic liberties by quite a bit.  The USA is birthing into the information age, has a strong IT service sector.  The information age is doing to services what the industrial revolution did to production.  Most importantly, the US has over 100 million gun owners, and trying to deal with them would drastically increase the cost and effort involved in imposing tyranny.

Also, all these things going on - like our fiat money financing the government and ruining the economy, and unauthorized wars and bases all over the planet, and 90% of other govt overhead.  All of it is simply illegal.  When push comes to shove, we have the law on our side.  We don't need destroy every aspect of law, governance, and society to restore our freedom - just restore the rule of law over the government.  That will make tings a lot less likely to go to hell when things hit the fan.  

Our fiat money system is royally fucked up and is in the beginning stages of hyper-inflation.  Every financial institution and bank in the USA will likely die. But sadly, it isn't much worse than many other countries.  While our central bank pumped all that money into consumption and housing, China pumped theirs into factories and infrastructure.  So when it hits the fan, we have a lot more work to do - but with it the fiat empire will collapse and so we'll have a lot more liberty to do it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You have not answered any of my questions, sir.

Do you support imperial wars?
Does your name refer to Leo Strauss?
Are you pro-Constitution?
Thank you, that is one answer.

Do you support imperial wars? Does your name refer to Leo Strauss?
[deleted]
Given that “conspiracy theories” are [recognized by the legislature and judiciary](http://georgewashington2.blogspot.com/2008/05/tell-me-again-why-conspiracy-theory-is.html), and given that many [high-level military leaders, intelligence officers, scientists, structural engineers, congressmen, and other highly-credible people agree with my theories](http://www.911summary.com), what gives you the basis to label them as inaccurate, other than your desire to defend the government from embarrassment?
George Washington warned against foreign entanglements, sir.  This White House has done nothing but entangle the U.S. in unnecessary wars which have bankrupted our country.
*silence*
Um lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
George Washington could not "tell a lie" about the cherry tree. This administration has done nothing but lie.

George Washington worked hard to create and maintain a separation of powers, and he turned down the title of "king". This White House has done everything possible to create a unitary executive and destroy the separation of powers, sir.

Do you not admit that, sir?
Right on.  How can anyone seriously claim that fighting WWII was unnecessary?  Even if there's some bizarre world in which Britain and the US weren't needed to keep Germany from controlling all of Europe, what good would it be to have USSR controlling all of Europe?  Does anyone else here remember the purges, the famines, the mass executions, and the millions of dead behind the Iron Curtain?  Big help to have USSR ruling Europe instead of the Nazis.  

Also, does anyone really think Britain started the killings of civilian populations?  What, the concentration camps, the millions of dead Jews, and the millions of other dead Germans, Austrians, Poles, etc. was... what?  A good start, amirite?
Thing is, America was never an Empire.  In the past a strong country has gone around and created a huge empire from colonies, had a bit of fun, then bankrupted itself fighting wars which led to disintegration.  America has almost bankrupted itself through a war with a massive net loss and is going to have a rough time in the next few years.

On the other hand, historical analogies are pretty much useless in the face of worldwide economic integration - if the US falls so do many many others.  That would be something new.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes.

There did seem to be some reasoning in order to blame Churchill for the A-bomb incident.

Though Hitler is said to have admired Churchill and the UK and had planned to allow them to be part of his unified Europe.
What about the Spice Girls ?
Yea, you can still work. You'll just be paid in peanuts.
You can go drive cabs in Russia maybe...
Haven't read the book but the article at least is (in my opinion and for what it's worth) complete and utter trash, an apology for Nazism and really not worth the time to refute.
oh man that was really depressing :(
Churchill wanted Hitler to be executed in the Electric Chair.
What?
&gt;if the US falls so do many many others. That would be something new.

Any sudden collapse from the US would be felt around the world, but life (and trade) would go on.  Most countries do not suffer from the crushing debt burden the US has inflicted upon itself.  They will manage.
How is it an apology for nazism?  The author did not absolve Hitler for his crimes against his people or his criminal aggression against other nations, he just pointed out an ugly fact that is not often discussed or even recognized.
so thats how we will get forced to accept the euro.
&gt;But sadly, it isn't much worse than many other countries.

Yeah, you don't hear about it much but even the central banks in Europe are bailing out big banks. And if taken as a percentage of GDP, much of Western Europe is deeper in debt than the United States.

The entire world is fucked.
&gt; In contrast, the US current account deficit is $987 billion--an amount larger that the total deficits of all other countries in the world combined. 

Is that even possible? Is he totaling the deficits and not subtracting the surpluses?
&gt;Most countries do not suffer from the crushing debt burden the US has inflicted upon itself.

If taken as a percentage of GDP, much of Western Europe is deeper in debt than the United States. Italy is the worst followed by France and Germany.
I'll take it.
Does it matter?
yes. one currency to rule them all. good idea.
Imagine my surprise to find that the US is #65 on the [list](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_public_debt) of countries with the worst debt/GDP.

Edit:  The US debt/GDP ratio is listed as 36.8%.  How is that calsulated?  A public debt of $9T and a GDP of $13T would indicate a debt/GDP ratio of 69%, no?  What am I missing?
The article states that Churchill was the first to bomb civilian targets.  This is not correct.

A German bomber bombed London accidentally the day before Chuchill gave the order to bomb Berlin for the first time.

Churchill did not know that the German bomber was off course and was not intending to attack a civilian target (the main targets were the Air radar units at that time).

After the bombing of Berlin, Hitler stopped the radar bombing and ordered the Luftwaffe to attack British civilian targets as well .   This was very lucky for the British in the sense that the remaining radar and air bases were operational for the future battle of Britain.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I think present concern regarding the US budget situation ought not be based on the present public debt figure so much as it ought to be based on the deficit, and on the prospects for its reduction, along with consideration of the current accounts balance.  It's all well and good that the debt is of manageable size, but if the steps necessary to manage it aren't part of anyone's policy programme, it remains an unserviceable debt.
  
Canada has a much larger debt as a percentage of GDP, as any chart will show, but the last two governments, representing both major national parties, have consistently run surpluses and used them to pay down the debt.  This is the status quo, and it is likely to continue.  Furthermore, Canada has a positive balance of trade.
  
The government of the United States, on the other hand, is currently running a massive budget deficit, and *neither* political party is interested in discussing measures to reduce the deficit, much less pay down the debt, in any serious terms.  Furthermore, the nation is maintaining a massive current accounts deficit.  
  
The national debt of the United States might be serviceable, were it the debt of any other nation.  But given the combination of the horrific US current accounts deficit, and the total and complete unwillingness to address budgetary debt reduction as a political issue, I don't see how the situation can get better in any immediate term.  That's what makes the situation so grim.  The debt could be dealt with.  The odds of it being dealt with under present circumstances, however, seem so slight as to give little hope.
So Churchill was the first to intentionally bomb civilians, in reaction to an accidental bombing.  That does mitigate his decision slightly, but doesn't absolve him absolutely.  The atrocities committed in the aftermath of this policy change is a needless blight on the morality of the Allied Forces.
So?  What's your point?

The Allies did whatever they thought they had to do to stop a terrible evil.
If the entire world is in the debt, who owns the debt? Aliens?

Anyways, everyone will just default and start anew.
Just wait till after the elections. Once you are elected you take care of the bad stuff first, and wait till just before next election to do the good stuff. No worries.
Future liabilities for medicare and alike ~ 60T.
So, it's obviously our duty now to Nuke Washington DC.

How else are we going to stop them?
Do you really believe it was so black and white?
counterpunch.org = downvote
I am not and have never posited that the Allies were paladins of justice and righteousness.  Hitler was pure evil, though.  That is not a debatable question in my mind.  It is equally unreasonable to ask if Europe would be better off under Soviet control or mostly free and recovering from WWII.
The whole history has probably been twisted to such a degree that we cannot even conceive today how the issues were back then.
I agree with that.  That is why I am willing to say that, even though we won the war, perhaps there were ways we could have won the war without doing so much harm to civilian populations.  Dresden and Tokyo come to mind as military actions whose only purpose was to kill so much of the resisting population that the leadership had to surrender.

I also believe that history will never view any of WWII Germany, Japan or USSR kindly.  Leaving the three of them to divide Europe and Asia would have covered half the world in darkness.
Might I ask why? This is the first I've heard of this particular website, and I was intrigued by it. I'd like to hear your thoughts on why it's an automatic downvote. (no sarcasm here... I really want to know)
So Churchill bombed civilians, as if they are somehow different than soldiers. Big deal. They're all citizens. When thousands of "good Germans" were taken to living underground and in the sewers after losing their homes, Hitler ordered them flooded out. He killed his own civilians, and his willing dogs did too. And Washington of course was a guerilla when he broke the rules or warfare during the Revolution. Let's not pretend to care about these arbitrary distinctions.
this is one of dumbest articles i have ever read. total disaster. after this i can garee on downvote.

&gt;“the first deliberate breach of the fundamental rule of civilized warfare that hostilities must only be waged against the enemy combatant forces.”

WTF?? civilians were never hurt before?
civilized warfare? what's that? english shooting unarmed natives around the world for centuries? that was civilized?

bah ...
I don't mind at all, but I think it needs a better name.

Something more fun.

Like... Cockmonkey!

"How many cockmonkeys do you have in your pocket?"

"This costs 10 cockmonkeys."

"Special value meal just 2 cockmonkeys!"

Money would be fun again!  Who wouldn't want to get their hands on cockmonkeys?!?

Some people don't like money but EVERYONE would like cockmonkeys, so people would significantly increase their economic output!  I know I would!
[deleted]
Difference is, the European countries often have assets (control strategic raw materials, corporations etc) to match their debt, Sweden sure do, we have twice the government assets that we do debt, run a healthy surplus (10% of the debt 2007) and have the situation well under control. Most western European nations are that way. What assets do the US federal government control?
&gt; If the entire world is in the debt, who owns the debt? Aliens?

A certain bunch of bankers.

&gt; Anyways, everyone will just default and start anew.

Yes. Meanwhile, the certain bunch of bankers accumulate a whole lot of hard assets (e.g. precious metals) in the process. 'Default and start anew' is much, much more easily said than done.
[deleted]
Can you give any bankers names?
Promissory notes saying American suckers will pay the government's creditors back.
The Allied bombing campaign was surely a highly questionable act.  I won't defend it, nor will I defend the war crime committed by the Americans at Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

Of course, it is easy for us, who enjoy the fruits of the Allied victory and will never have to make the hard decisions that those men made, to criticise.  And that is our right and responsibility, just as fighting the war to victory was theirs.  I've done it here on this site and elsewhere before.

I believe that the Allies did wrong in a right cause.  

Beyond that, the article (and presumably book) insinuates that Britain "needlessly" declared war on Germany.  

Chamberlain's vacillations may have been disastrous strategically but they clearly show where the moral responsibility for WWII lies.  With Germany and the Nazis.

According to Buchanan the German invasions or annexations of Poland, Czechoslovakia, and Austria were not sufficient reason to go to war.  

If you are comfortable saying that the strategically and morally correct course for Churchill was to accept these invasions as a fait accompli and move forward in isolation, then I think I am justified in saying that you are apologizing for Nazism.  

I try to be civil on this site but to Nazis, WWII revisionists and their apologists I will gladly say, "fuck you".
Worse than that - Washington was of course a traitor to his sovereign and his country by virtue of his participation in the (fortunately for his reputation, successful) rebellion.

This comment is somewhat supporting your statement, that arbitrary distinctions about tactics are irrelevant at the end of the day.

Where I disagree with you as that we can class atrocities against civilians in the same way.  Strategic bombardment of cities is something that every civilian worldwide should agree is off-limits.  It's in all our best interests - except the military - to pursue international agreements to keep populated areas safe from air attack.  People who bomb cities are war criminals.  I believe that Archie Harris, though he did his part to save civilization and deserves our unending thanks, committed terrible crimes to do so.
&gt;In a new book that will infuriate the fake conservatives who inhabit the Republican Party, Patrick J. Buchanan documents how British self-righteousness, delusion, and hubris destroyed both the British Empire and Western ascendancy in two unnecessary wars launched by a small cabal of morons that ruled Britain

&gt;Churchill, Hitler, and the Unnecessary War shows that the two world wars that destroyed European civilization began when England declared war on Germany, thus dragging in the Empire, Commonwealth, and United States.  This was a strategic blunder unparalleled in history.  Mighty Britain emerged from World War II as an American dependency.

I have not read the book, and have re-read the article to find where the article insinuates the Britain needlessly declared war on Germany.

I may be wrong, but I interpreted those two starting paragraphs as a criticism of Britain's entry into the first World War and the policy blunders that formed the conditions that led to the second.  To be fair, Britain was far from the only guilty party in the lead up to the second world war.  And, of course, Hitler and the German public take the lion's share of the blame.

Have you read the book?
Actually empires end when they don't declare wars on time. Europe could stop Hitler much earlier, but preferred temporary peace and paid the price.
I have not read the book, as I stated in my original comment.

The key text is right there in your quote:

"British self-righteousness, delusion, and hubris destroyed both the British Empire and Western ascendancy in two unnecessary wars launched by a small cabal of morons that ruled Britain"

Britain very reluctantly entered World War 2, after many a conference and ultimatum to try to check German aggression without bloodshed, and America even MORE reluctantly over two years later.  

Britain and the League of Nations failed to stop Italy from expanding in North Africa through conquest, again trying to resolve the issue without recourse to warfare.

EDIT: changed "Italy" to "North Africa" so that the last sentence makes sense :)
[deleted]
You might like to start with the owners of the banks which own the Federal Reserve. Happy Googling.
That has an ominous ring to it.
[deleted]
Europe allied with the worst known mass-murderer in the world to wage war on a potential mass-murderer, whose crimes came during the war Europe fomented against him.  Why not let Hitler and Stalin destroy each other then come in and clean up the pieces?
I didn't say I wanted one currency. I said I'll take Euros. They are worth more than Dollars.
and what exactly do you think is the ultimate goal of instating the euro?
One currency would never work. Hell the US should have 3/4 currencies if you study efficiencies in economics. $1 buys a lot more in the midwest than it does in california. When areas are booming (east and west) one monetary policy for the entire country can really hurt another section.


In fact, the Euro is hurting countries in Europe because they cannot implement their own contractionary/expansionary fiscal/monetary policy since they are on the Euro. The runs on Krona and Pounds caused Sweden &amp; the UK to drop the Euro (their pegs were attacked).
while i agree wholeheartedly with your free market ideas. it's not about what works best for particular countries. it's about control. and once you join the union, you can never leave.
My point is that you belittle the idea that Britain started the killing of civilian populations, that is, waging total war. I just pointed out that you are technically incorrect.
Lol, the Euro was made to spur trade between EU countries. Could you imagine the US with a different dollar for every state? That's what it was like in Europe.


They set pegs, they held the peg for 3-4 years I believe. Then they switched to the Euro. It's for convenience, like not having to deal with border agents while driving between Eurozone countries (which makes me a bit sad because I liked the Passport stamps).
oh alright then. as long as its convenient.
[Aren't you forgetting something?](http://politicalhumor.about.com/library/images/blbushpoland.htm)

Edit: Oh, and maybe a few civilians were killing in a little place called [Nanjing](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Nanjing), but let's not let actual facts get in the way of hating on Britain &amp; US.

Also, please explain how your thesis fits with the [bombing of Rotterdam](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rotterdam_Blitz); it sounds like the RAF did not attack any civilian targets before then.  In fact, it looks like you are simply wrong on every possible count.
[deleted]
Well, the thread started as a discussion of whether or not it was right for Britain to enter the war.  The quote from the article that really annoyed me was:

&gt; [T]he two world wars that destroyed European civilization began when England declared war on Germany ... This was a strategic blunder unparalleled in history.

I agree with you that if you focus on deliberate bombing in the European theater, it looks like Britain actually started it.  However, there were so many atrocities happening on the "other side" before then that it almost seems pointless to consider such a small subset of the killings.  The concentration camps, even before they became death camps, were already killing thousands and then millions of prisoners, and they started long before the British entry.  My original statement was that it was not Britain who started the killing of civilian populations, and I am still convinced that is true.

Summary:
That's what it was like in Europe.
The article states that Churchill was the first to bomb civilian targets.
The entire world is fucked.
Also, does anyone really think Britain started the killings of civilian populations?
The debt could be dealt with.
I really want to know)
civilians were never hurt before?
The national debt of the United States might be serviceable, were it the debt of any other nation.
That would be something new.
One currency would never work.
Do you SUPPORT imperial wars?
Do you support imperial wars?
Money would be fun again!
What assets do the US federal government control?
My point is that you belittle the idea that Britain started the killing of civilian populations, that is, waging total war.
one currency to rule them all.
And if taken as a percentage of GDP, much of Western Europe is deeper in debt than the United States.
If taken as a percentage of GDP, much of Western Europe is deeper in debt than the United States.
This White House has done nothing but entangle the U.S. in unnecessary wars which have bankrupted our country.
I believe that the Allies did wrong in a right cause.
Actually empires end when they don't declare wars on time.
I said I'll take Euros.
People who bomb cities are war criminals.
I agree with you that if you focus on deliberate bombing in the European theater, it looks like Britain actually started it.
Thing is, America was never an Empire.
Could you imagine the US with a different dollar for every state?
How else are we going to stop them?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.19
