Original Response:
i remember hearing about this in the lead up to the investigation.

i wonder, in a symbolic sense, what it says about the righteousness of this war that we literally rolled over the past
All their base are destroyed by US.

Sorry.
This is obviously false because the US doesn't care about history, duh.
Wow, It totally sounded like a story from the Onion.
So the US pillaged their museum, burned down the national library and destroyed archaeological sites. That is what you do if you want to destroy a nation's sense of itself as a nation. Remember how the Romans burned down the library of Alexandria when they invaded Egypt.
From the far-right christian playbook:

Revelation 17:5 reads, “And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.”
out with the old, in with the new.
The Mongols fucked the city up 100 times worse than we did. They literally killed everyone. They sieged the city, and then chased everyone out of the gates, surrounded on 3 sides, while the whole city was torched. As they fled, the Mongols destroyed the dikes and flooded the escape route, drowning everyone. The stragglers were killed by hand. The army had to camp upwind because the stench was so bad from the over 1 million decaying bodies.

They torched the famous Baghdad Library, the collection of countless works from throughout the Golden Age. The entire royal line was executed, save for one princess whom the Khan took for his haram.

The irrigation system was so badly destroyed, that the fertile crescent never recovered, even now. The geography of the region was forever altered.
It was damaged, not destroyed.  Just like the invasion itself, there wasn't a lot of preparation - they shouldn't have used Babylon as a base to begin with.
Well, to be fair, Darius III started it...
False dichotomy.  What we did was wrong regardless of what a bunch of Mongols did centuries ago.
Remember that the Roman empire fell.
&gt; They are pushing for Babylon to be included on a list of protected World Heritage sites. 

Why the FUCK isn't it already on this list?
Making assumptions. I was not saying that it was right.
It's a shame that there isn't anything old in the States, it really is.
Ever been to Florida?
&gt; The Mongols fucked the city up 100 times worse than we did.

Fuck you. Fuck your pitiful tentative to say that worse things happened previously. Go fuck yourself for trying to imply that what happened isn't such a deal because others did worse.
God bless America -- not quite as nasty as the 13th century Mongols!
I retract my comment and jump on the bandwagon.

Babylon 1, 2 and 3 were destroyed, Babylon 4 disappeared just after completion, but they build Babylon 5 anyway.
Please tell me where I tried to imply that "what happened isn't such a big deal." I like to think that I have above average reading comprehension skills. However, sometimes I need the help of a bastion of intellect and creativity like yourself to proofread my work. What with your innovative use of the word "fuck" and "fuck" and "fuck," I feel the need to enlist your help, sensei.
The Zodiac Killer killed like 5 victims or something, so if I kill only 1 it will be ok, because he killed five and I only killed one! Yeah!
What point were you trying to make? It appears you are implying something along the lines of "The USA isn't so bad", or did you just post some random history so you could get angry with people who made the obvious inferrence?
So? We know better...

Last time I checked, we werent Mongols.

And, this was a historic city and holds great importance to human history and culture.

Shouldnt have happened in 1300AD, shouldnt have happened in 2003AD...
Maybe some people in our nation don't have maps...
You realize you can't spit between Istanbul and Beijing without hitting something historic right? Sadam had already built a palace over the ruins, the US forces occupied said palace. The US was callous and perhaps a-historical but history moves forward, war is part of that.
He's trying to make the point that even though Americans think they're number one, and trust me there are plenty of them who will get a hardon at this show of military prowess, they're really pathetic has-beens and also-rans.
I thought it was a neat story. I don't see why I have to explain myself.
Best comment here. This is what I thought when I originally heard about it; how can you expect the Iraqi people to repair their country when they've lost all sense of county?
It *is* a neat story, and quite insightful. The problem with it, I think, is in the goals. The Mongols needed a quick victory, one that would demonstrate to any other rulers the consequences of defying the Horde. As such, total annihilation was apt (ethical objections aside). The Americans otoh pretend to bring peace and democracy, at which they are clearly failing. And to add insult to injury, they are now bulldozing over the past, which shows either an enormous lack of historical perspective, or gross indifference.
[deleted]
&gt; Babylon 4 disappeared just after completion

i heard it burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp.
All of the comments on that page are completely ridiculous.  It's more entertaining than YouTube comments.
The US needed a quick victory, one that would demonstrate to any other rules the consequences of defying our democracy...
And the US was like, "Your Historical Sites... give them to me. We need them".
America *is* number one on pretty much every relevant metric you can think of. World's largest army, highest GDP, most free, and home of [Jack Daniels](http://www.jackdaniels.com/).
Heh heh heh - I like the part where the history stuff gets destroyed!
Oh, I see. If a historical building was built on the ruins of another historical buildings then it's OK to destroy it. That works for me.
[deleted]
Every empire eventually falls. That doesn't do much good for the people it killed. Rome fell but Spartacus was still dead.
[deleted]
I don't know if they have lost all sense of country although I am sure that was what Bush and his minions meant to happen. They meant to break up Iraq into 3 easily controlled pieces and while they have killed a million people and driven many more millions out I don't know that they have destroyed Iraq's sense of itself. It goes back too many thousands of years for that to be an easy thing to do. If we were gone and it was allowed to stabilize I suspect most Iraqis would return and it would again be a nation.
I heard it went 1000 years into the past
The world's largest army would be the People's Liberation Army in China. Highest GDP is the European Union's most definitely.

Most free would be either Netherlands or Estonia depending on whether you're talking to a socia umm European or a fasc errr American.

I'll give you the JD. Hey, I didn't know I had friends at Jack Daniels.
whoa dem rasta'z gon be prety pissed off now
Phew! It's a good thing then, that all the best parts of Babylon were err... exported by the Germans a long time ago and can now be seen in the Pergamon museum in Berlin!

http://www.smb.spk-berlin.de/smb/sammlungen/details.php?lang=en&amp;objID=23&amp;p=24&amp;typeId=1&amp;img_id=0
:-) defying our democracy...
You're joking, right?  HDI, Gini Coefficient, per capita GDP, Gender development index... do I need to go on?
Right there in the quote:

&gt; The Mongols fucked the city up 100 times worse than we did.

You made the camparison. You didn't just tell a story from history, but you compared what others did to what the US did. You can't make comparisons like that without people leaping to conclusions that you actually had a point to make.
By this metric yours is the least entertaining comment.
Babylon destroyed? In what sense?

http://www.khouse.org/enews_article/2007/1193


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Babylon#Effects_of_the_U.S._military

&gt;*the referenced article clearly states the Military conducted operations under the guidance of the Iraqi Museum's director.*

The damaged Ishtar Gate, by the way, is just a replica anyway.
Destroyed by the Israel lobby. Our military policy has always been prior to this to preserve all historic sites and artifacts.

So now we have a base right on a historic site? Like the government had no idea? I dont think so, the politicans/lobbyists explicitly requested that non-jewish sites be destroyed.
Misleading title.  Should read Ancient ruins of Babylon destroyed by US base.  The city was destroyed thousands of years ago.
Like Dresden, right?
Welcome to the Internet.
By my metric, my comment still isn't even on that page.  It's on THIS page.
don't reply next time you can tell he is a Troll/Unemployed/Ron Paul supporter, delete as appropriate.
don't reply next time you can tell he is a Troll/Unemployed/Ron Paul supporter, delete as appropriate.
don't reply next time you can tell he is a Troll/Unemployed/Ron Paul supporter, delete as appropriate.
don't reply next time you can tell he is a Troll/Unemployed/Ron Paul supporter, delete as appropriate.
don't reply next time you can tell he is a Troll/Unemployed/Ron Paul supporter, delete as appropriate.
don't reply next time you can tell he is a Troll/Unemployed/Ron Paul supporter, delete as appropriate.
every one so far
Slackers?
I thought maybe you were pointing out that the city was already destroyed and that the Reddit headline was misleading (because that never happens).
The EU is 1 country now? I mean, I know that was the plan, but it's accepted as fact?
Up vote for the Miss Teen SC reference.
what?
ancient city of what?

girl, there wuz no hiztery before 'W' bush!
So you are saying US has the best technology, the biggest guns and best scientists of this planet, but are just dumb and brainless to Think before doing something?
By definition it's not a democracy. Your system is flawed because, even with the majority of citizens against the war, the government still supports it.
Wow, are you deluded? Or displaying that cynical sarcasm that defines us redditors?

It's all too often hard to tell.
they are looking for ancient technology stargate style.
Where does he say that they have the best technology, guns and scientists? Where in his comment? And dumb and brainless? He's just saying that they shouldn't have used it. Calm down, jeez.
It's only an ancient city with the remnants of first human civilisation. Not high on today's media.

Guh. I totally agree with you.
Exactly.  

By the way, XBMC, if it was up to me, we would have never gone into Iraq in the first place.
I'm pretty sure Babylon was already destroyed a while ago.
Yes, but the Roman Empire lasted a thousand years.
our bases will be historical in time
That's like saying the French would no longer be French if the Eiffel Tower was destroyed.
[deleted]
No, but I think they would lose a bit of their "Frenchness" and they would be a bit poorer culturally for it. I think the entire world loses out when marvels of engineering, like the Eiffel Tower, or ancient historical cities, like Babylon, are destroyed.
KHAAAAAANNN!!
Baghdad not Babylon!
It is recorded that Babylon's legal system developed a form of negligence law, and Babylon was probably the first culture to develop negligence law. In the common law world, the law of negligence was not fully rediscovered until the 20th century.
[deleted]
Fuck. The never-ending shame of being an American citizen....will this please stop?
It didn't really fall. 

It initially split into the Western Roman Empire and the Byzantine Empire, then the Byzantine Empire become the foundation for the Holy Roman Empire. The Holy Roman Empire was gradually decentralised into the disparate European nations, which have now been reunited as the EU.
Sorry, ya'll. False alarm. The Ancient City of Babylon was made of sun-dried bricks of mud.It melted/crumbled back in the B.C.'s. The cause was lack of maintenance.
&gt;&gt; Every empire eventually falls. That doesn't do much good for the people it killed. Rome fell but Spartacus was still dead.

&gt; every one so far

Every Spartacus?
&gt; Last time I checked, we werent Mongols.

What do you mean, "we", kimo-sabe?
&gt; Destroyed by the Israel lobby.

I-and-I recall some bad blood between Babylon and Zion, seen?
Nice one fuckfaces. This is why I hate the military and the idiots who think they are improving the world by joing. Faggots. Fuck you for eternity.
What about the stolen relics dipshit?
Completely ridiculous especially given the fact that Babylon holds Jewish significance. The people of Judah were exiled there by King Nebuchadnezzar and much of the book of Daniel takes place in Babylon. Daniel himself became one of the most powerful people in Babylon.
Um, no.  The Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, nor Roman, nor an empire.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holy_Roman_Empire

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine_Empire
That's why we need to rebuild the colossus of Rhodes.
Liberated Babylon without even trying.
Uhm, dude, I was commenting on the witticism of booc0mtaco...
It does good for the people it didn't get the chance to kill.
praise Jah?
Never had a sense of country -- check a history book.
I would assume him and other Americans.
What history books are you reading?
The ancient Babylonians are enemy combatants!
[deleted]
And remember all the broobaha when the Taliban demolished a couple of ancient budha statues? 

However just one problem, it was not just US troops, Polish troops were involved too
This reminds me of [why Acropolis looks like today](http://www.ancient-greece.org/history/acropolis-ottoman.html).
[deleted]
You fool, it's about destroying an important historical ruin. Not who ruined it more.

It was already a ruin when US forces arrived. That's the point. That's what needed to be preserved.

With people capable of making as crass comments as this, it's no wonder the average American GI feels justified in storming around the world destroying sites of vital historical and archaeological interest.
Yeah, seems like the explanation fits.
Not quite... the Holy Roman Empire was just a loose feudal confederation of several tiny duchies and kingdoms in what is now Germany, Austria and Northern Italy... the "Emperor", usually from the Habsburg family, was elected by the heads of these member states... the Holy Roman Empire and Byzantine Empires coexisted for nearly 500 years too, so one was not the foundation for the other. 

The Byzantine Empire was the Eastern half of the Roman Empire founded when Emperor Constantine relocated to what is now Instanbul - - but it had no connection to the Holy Roman Empire whatsoever, which was founded by Charlemagne. The Byzantines were succeeded by the Ottomans, who conquered Constantinople in 1453... the Holy Roman Empire was dismantled when Napoleon came to power.
&gt;Every empire eventually falls.

Generally I agree, but I'm just going to point out how England/Britain/UK has had a pretty successful millennium.
&gt;*So the US pillaged their museum,*

Just one museum in Iraq was there?

So which one do you say the US pillaged?

&gt;*Remember how the Romans burned down the library of Alexandria when they invaded Egypt*

No. Neither do you.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Library_of_Alexandria#Destruction_of_the_Library
[deleted]
washed out?
Humans in general?

But yeah, I am also American. Or atleast, hope to be one day after I get my citizenship.
Almost as sad and awful as the looting of the Baghdad museums.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Museum_of_Iraq
One love.
Revelation 18:2:
And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird.

That's...actually kinda creepy.
And that is the sound of a thousand trains coming off their tracks!  Well done!
Take off, nuke the site from orbit.  It's the only way to be sure.
The Iraqi National Museum:
&gt;FEARS that Iraq's heritage will face widespread looting at the end of the Gulf war have been heightened after a group of wealthy art dealers secured a high-level meeting with the US administration.

&gt;It has emerged that a coalition of antiquities collectors and arts lawyers, calling itself the American Council for Cultural Policy (ACCP), met with US defence and state department officials prior to the start of military action to offer its assistance in preserving the country's invaluable archaeological collections.

&gt;The group is known to consist of a number of influential dealers who favour a relaxation of Iraq's tight restrictions on the ownership and export of antiquities. Its treasurer, William Pearlstein, has described Iraq's laws as 'retentionist' and has said he would support a post-war government that would make it easier to have antiquities dispersed to the US.

&gt;Before the Gulf war, a main strand of the ACCP's campaigning has been to persuade its government to revise the Cultural Property Implementation Act in order to minimise efforts by foreign nations to block the import into the US of objects, particularly antiques.

&gt;News of the group's meeting with the government has alarmed scientists and archaeologists who fear the ACCP is working to a hidden agenda that will see the US authorities ease restrictions on the movement of Iraqi artefacts after a coalition victory in Iraq.

&gt;Professor Lord Renfrew of Kaimsthorn, leading Cambridge archaeologist and director of the McDonald Institute for Archaeological Research, said: 'Iraqi antiquities legislation protects Iraq. The last thing one needs is some group of dealer-connected Americans interfering. Any change to those laws would be absolutely monstrous. '

&gt;A wave of protest has also come from the Archaeological Institute of America (AIA), which says any weakening of Iraq's strict antiquities laws would be 'disastrous'. President Patty Gerstenblith said: 'The ACCP's agenda is to encourage the collecting of antiquities through weakening the laws of archaeologically-rich nations and eliminate national ownership of antiquities to allow for easier export. '

&gt;The ACCP has caused deep unease among archaeologists since its creation in 2001. Among its main members are collectors and lawyers with chequered histories in collecting valuable artefacts, including alleged exhibitions of Nazi loot.

&gt;They denied accusations of attempting to change Iraq's treatment of archaeological objects. Instead, they said at the January meeting they offered 'post-war technical and financial assistance', and 'conservation support'.

&gt;Liam McDougall/Sunday Herald 

&gt;Iraq National Museum Treasures Plundered.

&gt;AFP. 12 April 2003.

&gt;BAGHDAD -- The famed Iraq National Museum, home of extraordinary Babylonian, Sumerian and Assyrian collections and rare Islamic texts, sat empty Saturday -- except for shattered glass display cases and cracked pottery bowls that littered the floor.

&gt;In an unchecked frenzy of cultural theft, looters who pillaged government buildings and businesses after the collapse of Saddam Hussein's regime also targeted the museum.

&gt;Gone were irreplaceable archaeological treasures from the Cradle of Civilization.

&gt;Everything that could be carried out has disappeared from the museum -- gold bowls and drinking cups, ritual masks worn in funerals, elaborately wrought headdresses, lyres studded with jewels -- priceless craftsmanship from ancient Mesopotamia.

&gt;"This is the property of this nation and the treasure of 7,000 years of civilization. What does this country think it is doing?" asked Ali Mahmoud, a museum employee, futility and frustration in his voice.

&gt;Much of the looting occurred Thursday, according to a security guard who stood by helplessly as hoards broke into the museum with wheelbarrows and carts and stole priceless jewelry, clay tablets and manuscripts.

&gt;Left behind were row upon row of empty glass cases -- some smashed up, others left intact -- heaps of crumbled pottery and hunks of broken statues scattered across the exhibit floors.

&gt;Sensing its treasures could be in peril, museum curators secretly removed antiquities from their display cases before the war and placed them into storage vaults -- but to no avail.

&gt;The doors of the vaults were opened or smashed, and everything was taken, museum workers said.

&gt;Gordon Newby, a historian and professor of Middle Eastern studies at Emory University in Atlanta, said the museum's most famous holding may have been tablets with Hammurabi's Code -- one of mankind's earliest codes of law.

&gt;Other treasures believed to be housed at the museum -- such as the Ram in the Thicket from Ur, a statue representing a deity from 2600 B.C. -- are no doubt gone, perhaps forever, he said.

&gt;"This is just one of the most tragic things that could happen for our being able to understand the past," Newby said.

&gt;A museum employee, reduced to tears after coming to the museum Saturday and finding her office and all administrative offices trashed by looters, said:

&gt;"It is all the fault of the Americans. This is Iraq's civilization. And it's all gone now." [Who Plundered Iraq National Museum?](http://www.buzzflash.com/analysis/03/04/16_museum.html)


And as far as the Library at Alexandria goes I don't buy that it was an accident. Was it made of wood and not stone? Did Rome not mean to conquer Egypt and make it just another province? Did they not do that, at least after Cleopatra's death? And what about her death. Octavius locks her in her own tomb then says she killed herself with an asp. It is all just too convenient. 

I don't buy it. It sounds like excuses after the fact.
&gt;*The Iraqi National Museum*

Ahh, that one. But you said the US pillaged the museum. The US didn't pillage the Iraqi National Museum. In fact, the US has been instrumental in recovering items:

&gt;*On June 7, 2003, U.S. authorities announced that world famous treasures of Nimrud were recovered from a secret vault in Iraq's Central Bank. The artifacts included necklaces, plates, gold earrings, finger and toe rings, bowls and flasks. Officials said that of the 170,000 items initially believed missing, just 3,000 remained unaccounted for. And, of those, 47 were main exhibition artifacts.*


You must be thinking of something else. What is it?

Incidentally,

&gt;*Other treasures believed to be housed at the museum -- such as the Ram in the Thicket from Ur, a statue representing a deity from 2600 B.C. -- are no doubt gone, perhaps forever, he said.*

I don't think so:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ram_in_a_Thicket
Oh, please. They LET the museum, that one and others, be pillaged, probably mostly by professional thieves that were hired for the purpose. Then local looters, again with the US ignoring them, finished off the rest. 

And its pretty strange they found them in the Central Bank but the museum staff didn't know they had been moved there. But when the world got upset, then and only then, did they magically reappear. 

You are so naive about these people.
&gt;*They LET the museum, that one and others*

Well, that's not what you said, is it. Also, you know, during a war, it might not have been their first priority.

I can't see why you blame the US rather than the crims that actually did it.

I also can't see why you use, as a source of information, something so clearly incorrect on any number of cheackable points of fact.

&gt;*And most of the stuff has not be recovered.*

That's not true, though.

&gt;*Officials said that of the 170,000 items initially believed missing, just 3,000 remained unaccounted for*
dipshit? Are you 9 years old. Yes the whole situation is FUBAR, I think we all know this.
So there are no Americans of Mongol descent?

Summary:
The Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, nor Roman, nor an empire.
The US didn't pillage the Iraqi National Museum.
I was not saying that it was right.
So which one do you say the US pillaged?
But you said the US pillaged the museum.
So the US pillaged their museum, burned down the national library and destroyed archaeological sites.
The city was destroyed thousands of years ago.
The Mongols fucked the city up 100 times worse than we did.
It was damaged, not destroyed.
&gt; The Mongols fucked the city up 100 times worse than we did.
our bases will be historical in time.
What does this country think it is doing?"
*

I don't think so:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ram_in_a_Thicket.
And the US was like, "Your Historical Sites... give them to me.
don't reply next time you can tell he is a Troll/Unemployed/Ron Paul supporter, delete as appropriate.
All their base are destroyed by US.
And it's all gone now."
&gt;*The Iraqi National Museum*

Ahh, that one.
I would assume him and other Americans.
The problem with it, I think, is in the goals.
Should read Ancient ruins of Babylon destroyed by US base.
So now we have a base right on a historic site?
But yeah, I am also American.
Right there in the quote:

&gt; The Mongols fucked the city up 100 times worse than we did.
&gt; Last time I checked, we werent Mongols.
What point were you trying to make?
&gt;*They LET the museum, that one and others*

Well, that's not what you said, is it.
Remember that the Roman empire fell.
That's what needed to be preserved.
The EU is 1 country now?
That doesn't do much good for the people it killed.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.22
