Original Response:
Things Behind the Star 
By JL Wallace

 In accord with Cecil Rhodes’ last will and testament, and under the guidance and influence of the Rothschild Banking Dynasty, the United States was officially defeated and acquired by Great Britain with the Congressional Act of 1871… 

The level of dystopia observed on our geopolitical landscape is due to the general public’s unwillingness to become educated regarding the historical sequence of events that have been consciously orchestrated by a global elite of international bankers, oil men and global corporations: The Establishment.

These fascist entities largely dominate, condition and control our world through a handful of elite groups who manipulate nearly every facet of our lives without the masses of the world being aware of it. Their ownership of many of the mainstream media outlets of the civilized world help to keep the populace in a trance of half-truths and diversionary entertainment goods which serve to both line the pockets of the elite and to further “sell” the 70/30 “reality” of our world. 

The two major players who are essentially the Game Masters of our planet and the global economy are the Rothschild’s of Europe and the Rockefeller’s of America. The Rothschild’s are the Elite of the elite within the international money-changers and the Rockefeller’s built their empire during the early years of the Industrial Revolution with their monopoly of oil – which was in fact a partnership funded by the Rothschild’s. 

This oligarchy manipulates and conditions the world through its global sphere of influence narrated by the Council on Foreign Relations and other such think-tanks. These groups work hand-in-hand with the military-industrial complex to wage prolonged wars which add to the wealth and power of the Establishment. Now they have achieved their ultimate goal with the occupation of Iraq as this “war” can be waged forever, helped by an imaginary global enemy – anyone the corrupt government wants to attack can simply be labeled Al-Qaeda or be accused of having ties to terrorist organizations. 

People are largely uneducated, uninterested and purposely mislead regarding the history of the Middle East and the last 100 years of the empires of the United States and Britain. Prior to the tyrannical theft of Palestine – via the Balfour Declaration issued to Lord Rothschild – the Middle East had been a relatively peaceful area. Jews in the region lived in harmony with Muslims and others from the surrounding countries…. This ended with the illegitimate birth of “Israel”. 

The Rothschild’s funded the Zionist movement from the very beginning as they already had plans in place to hijack the Jewish faith, rework it into blind nationalism and offer millions of Jews for the Holocaust to justify the need for the Jewish people to have a nation of their own. The Zionist regime is supported by billions of dollars in aid and military weapons granted at the whim of their cartelized central banks in England and America. 

If the Elders of Zion would have accepted Uganda for their “Jewish National Home”, as originally proposed, our world would be radically different and millions of Palestinians, Muslims and people of the world would have lived vastly better lives. Unfortunately, the Zionist state wields tremendous power and through deception wages wars. All in-accord with the long-term plans laid-out in their “Protocols for the Learned Elders of Zion”. Which has been labeled a forgery and a fraud, yet perfectly detailed and predicted the global geopolitical movements of the 20th Century.  

The Zionists pattern of aggression and global dominance, coupled with the support it gained by its financial elements acquiring ownership of the United States, has allowed what some would call the New World Order to overthrow, corrupt or kill several democratic and secular presidents who were elected in countries whose resources the international bankers wanted (Iran, Iraq etc) – these acts and other atrocities have fueled the hatred and “terrorism” now prevalent in our society. 

There will be no end to this global aggression until the people of the World stand-up and overthrow the fascist elements which subjugate our humanity. Through an Article V Convention, the American Republic could reclaim its independence and abolish the Federal Reserve and other quasi-government bodies that work to erode our civil liberties and cause terror throughout the world. This is why our government has ignored every call for an Article V Convention as it would put an end to their scheme of global domination. 

Two issues should reverberate in the minds of the American people: the abolishment of the Federal Reserve and a new independent investigation of 9/11. Sadly, most Americans prefer to occupy a set of beliefs based on the absence of research. 9/11 was a false-flag “terrorist” attack orchestrated by elements within our own government and the Mossad of Israel. These elements then used those events to change the rules of the world to be re-written with “terrorism” at the forefront of every issue – both international and domestic. 

The Federal Reserve and its fiat monetary policy have enslaved every working American and have been responsible for the downfall of our once-proud nation and for our current economic problems. The income tax installed by the bank only further adds to the international bankers’ wealth and further erodes the standards of living for the people of America. Sadly, most citizens are unaware that the (Rothschild-Rockefeller) oligarchy who installed the Fed in 1913 also installed two previous central banks in our history – both of which were eventually abolished due to massive outcry of the people. Andrew Jackson’s tombstone reads: I killed the bank. 

But with the manufactured events of 9/11, the Establishment has gained an unlimited trump card which it can play at any time if the citizens decide to take the initiative and defend the cause of Liberty. Elections are rigged, laws benefit those who create them and the central banks will continue to thrive and usurp more power from the people – so long as we continue to be blinded and not research the historical motivations of tyranny. 

In the event of another “terrorist” attack, whether real or manufactured, the Establishment can simply blame it on “anti-government” groups, Al-Qaeda or anyone they deem to be a threat to their plans. They now have the power to suspend the rule of law and arrest hordes of civilians, label them “enemy combatants” and throw them into many of the “detention centers” now constructed throughout the world… because the vast majority of citizens prefer conditioned-complacency as opposed to the trials of an honorable revolution. 

GIVE PEACE A CHANCE. QUESTION ZIONISM.

-------

References: “The Secret History of the American Empire”, “Confessions of an Economic Hit Man” – John Perkins ; “War is a Racket” – Major Smedley Butler ; “Fire in the Minds of Men” – James Billington ; “Zionism: The Real Enemy of the Jews” – Alan Hart ; “The History of Oil” – Robert Newman ; “Secrets of the Temple” – William Greider ; “The Creature from Jekyll Island” – G. Edward Griffin ; “Secrets of the Federal Reserve” – Eustace Mullins ; “Monopoly Men” ; “9/11 Mysteries” ; Myron Fagan’s speech on the Illuminati ; Benjamin Freedman’s speech on Zionism ; “America: Freedom to Fascism” – Aaron Russo ; “Zeitgeist” ; “Unconstitutional: The War on Our Civil Liberties” – Robert Greenwald ; “Peace, Propaganda and the Promised Land” ; “The Money Masters” ; “The Matrix of Power” – Jordan Maxwell ; “Fiat Empire” ; “Oil, Smoke and Mirrors” ; “Improbable Collapse: The Demolition of our Republic” ; “Terror Storm” ; “Jordan Maxwell about America”, “Jordan Maxwell exposes the Illuminati” ; “Loose Change: Final Cut” ; “Tragedy and Hope” – Carroll Quigley ; “The Secret Government: The Constitution in Crisis” – Bill Moyers ;

Summary:
Two issues should reverberate in the minds of the American people: the abolishment of the Federal Reserve and a new independent investigation of 9/11.
These elements then used those events to change the rules of the world to be re-written with “terrorism” at the forefront of every issue – both international and domestic.
The income tax installed by the bank only further adds to the international bankers’ wealth and further erodes the standards of living for the people of America.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.02
