Original Response:
As the saying goes, even in the West, we are only ever three meals away from revolution.
Make a donation at the United Nations World Food Program:
http://www.wfp.org/english/
When I see people wasting food, it really makes me sick.
Well as long as they keep growing my coffee, flowers and bananas instead of economically sustainable food staples I don't have anything to worry about right guys?  Thank you affluent consumer countries.
What is happening to our world?

With all our technological advances, we seem to be sliding backwards.
Agreed. I went to an all inclusive resort once, and I was embarrassed at the endless buffet where fat westerners continued to line up and gorge themselves, yet leaving so much behind on their plates. All I could think of was the staff, who have to work their asses off to be able to afford a fraction of the waste left behind.

It made me feel so horrible. We in North America are so used to cheap (we spend less than 10% of our income on our greatest need) endless (and hardly nutritious) food that we take for granted its availability.
Because the technological advances in food productions (read Monsanto) are patented and used to extort higher prices.  That and you are  filling up your tank with food everytime you buy gas with alcohol in it.
&gt;Even in Thailand, which produces 10 million more tons of rice than it consumes and is the world’s largest rice exporter, supermarkets have placed signs limiting the amount of rice shoppers are allowed to purchase.

at some level, there is a broken link. depending on governments usually leads to failure and disappointment.
Not to mention that things are actually better than they used to be in the dark ages where most people were starving except the oligarchs.
Too busy wasting money waging useless wars, and placating self serving big business who doesn't give 2 shits about who lives or dies as long as they can get that 86th mansion.

Makes me ill.
I don't know about you, but I spent a lot of money eating out every week.

Also, I'd rather cut off my own ding-dong than admit booze isn't food. &lt;/Metalocalypse quote&gt;
With you on that! It also repulses me that many don't know the value of recycling.
Malthus gets the last last laugh.

Aquifers and topsoil have been run down globally for the better part of a century, while population exploded.  What did people think was going to happen?
Before we had our son, we ate out a lot. But, with my love of cooking, and my desire to raise a non-junkfood addict, I cook more. We do eat out at least once a week, and I do buy the odd lunch. 

Even buying our food out, we spend less of our total income on it than most people in developing countries, where the figure is closer to 25 - 30% or more. Think about all the booze you'd be missing!

(BTW - Guinness is very good for you - full of iron and B Vitamins!)
If most of us simply decide not to eat meat for  one week, or brown-bag our lunches, and donate the savings to the World Food Program, the impact would be tremendous. That's my plan for the rest of April and May. Not much but something for starters.
I totally agree. When I go out I try to order the lunch portions even if it's not lunch. It's still plenty, even for someone who eats a whole lot like me. Some of those "American style" places like TGI Fridays or whatever have insane portions. Rather than box them up, people just throw it away...
when i get judged by other people it makes me laugh at them, i pay for the food, ill do with it what i want.
Bananas? From http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economic_history_of_Africa:

&gt; The banana and other crops allowed for more intensive cultivation in the tropical regions of Africa, this was most notable in the Great Lakes region, and area with excellent soil, that saw many cities and states form, their populations being fed largely by bananas.
&gt;Real solutions will take years. Haiti, its agriculture industry in shambles, needs to better feed itself. Outside investment is the key,[...]

Sure, outside investment, so that they will have to export their product to allow those investors to make a profit. That will work.
The Invisible Hand will save them, but only those who are true followers!
Technological advances are irrelevant. It's the distribution system that malfunctions in the first place, secondly the unsustainable production methods and thirdly the uncontrolled population growth.
Bear Stearns disagrees.
That's a blanket statement. Conditions vary strongly with time and place in dark ages.
I can Haz moar?
Haha. Guinness is delicious, but after one or two I'm too full to drink any more.
Definitely true. And I suppose that we have a lot more people starving now because we have a lot more people. I wonder how we are doing compared to the rest of the human timeline with suffering per capita.
No one is saying you can't do what you want with it (though I have a suggestion or two) but when children are starving around the world, I have the right to feel sickened by you.
Oh god I think I need to go adopt now.

&lt;/angelina jolie&gt;
Absolutely.  If I go to a diner, I ask the waitress to only use 2 eggs in my omelet - apparently the default is 3 and it's just too much!  We don't NEED to eat so much food!

My friend was visiting from abroad and when we went out to eat she was shocked at the portion sizes - it was unfathomable to her that one person would need to eat that much!
I assume you've limited your consumption to 2 pieces of bread a day then?
Yep, and you still do nothing about all those children you claim to feel for.  You give them $250?  WOW, $200 of it goes to desk jockies, which leams $50 for 100,000 kids.  You are so awesome.

Thats basically doing nothing, why dont you take your high and mighty principles and get on a plane?  

Or better yet, let nature take its course.  Peoples and nations who lack the ability to govern themselves dont need to be held up, they need to be left alone so they can die and new growth can spring up from the ashes.
I question the corrolation some of the comments here are drawing between pitching leftovers after a meal on the town and families in India not being able to afford rice or cooking oil.  I think the two represent problems that are not as directly tied to each other as you might first think, and the much larger issues have to do with farming subsidies, ethanol and trade inequities around the globe.  It may be an illustration of that inequity, but it's certainly not the prime factor in it.  

Further, the tone of this article s incredibly bleak.  I don't know if I hadn't realized things were this bad, I know there have long been food and economic problems in Haiti and other poorer countries, but this kind of draws the perspective that the world is starving to death and there's no way out.  Am I interpreting this wrong?  Is this a situation that will likely turn a corner and improve over the coming months/years?
Will that help or hurt?

If the UN's goals and policies provide *temporary* food relief while encouraging long-term agricultural production, then it will help.

If it just dumps food on them and devastates their farmers, it will hurt.  Like the way we've turned Africa, which should be the breadbasket of the world, into the basketcase of the world.
Just out of curiosity, how much did you donate this year to those starving children? Or how much time did you put in working to feed them? The 'sickened by you' comment seems awfully judgmental if you haven't done either of those...
You're not solving a shortage by giving to charity, you're just re-distributing the limited commodity.

Time for humans to realize that we sustain this level of population growth much longer. There were 1 billion people at the start of the 20th century, by its end there were 6 billion. If our populations increase at the same rate, there will be 36 billion humans on earth by the end of this century.

I doubt even the most adamant deniers of overpopulation will admit this is something we need to avoid.
Monsanto can help, I'm sure of it.  GM Sterile seeds from crops will solve this problem.
I understand your sentiment - yes, you paid for it, you can do with it what you want.

But consider this scenario as an example: you are sitting around a table with 5 people and all of you are hungry.  There is a loaf of bread on the table.  The person next to you reaches forward and grabs half the loaf for himself, leaving the other 4 people to share the rest, which can't fill their stomachs.  This person then proceeds to eat 2 slices and chuck the rest because they're now full.  Wouldn't you consider that extremely unkind and selfish behaviour?

What is wrong with not being greedy and taking only what we need to sustain ourselves, nothing more and nothing less?

I don't believe in depriving ourselves of what we need but I also don't believe in being greedy and wasteful.
Who paid for it?  Who worked for it?
Haiti does have non-food exports, and imports lots of food.
Someone tell these people to stop procreating when they know they can't support any children.

At least until they work out a food and air deal.
You did, I understand your point.

Now please answer my question:

What is wrong with not being greedy and taking only what we need to sustain ourselves, nothing more and nothing less?
Nothing is wrong with it, but it has nothing to do with greed.  Apathy maybe, but greed is when you take more than youre share, my share is what i work for.
Right because Wikipedia is a reliable source.  And I hate to break it to you but 65% of the world's population doesn't eat bananas everyday.  They eat rice, beans and grains.  All of which have significantly risen in price, these prices hit developing economies hard because they grow cash crops for the Western consumer market rather than enough food to feed themselves.  Valuable fertile farmland is used to create products to take wealth out of these countries.

We destroy the competition in small developing with our subsidized rice and corn and other staples and now that they are dependent on those subsidized good when the prices go up they are devastated by it.
There are many legitimate criticisms of programs that have charters to help people in need.  It is a topic well worth discussion.

Right now, the rising price of food is killing people.  Let's have the discussions on how to better educate them and how to better promote indigenous, sustainable agriculture, by all means.

But for the moment, just skip a latte (in the generic sense, not you personally) and save a life so that our well-intended discourse will have that much more meaning.
One word: greed. These people are hungry because those who are supposed to represent them are more interested in representing themselves. We have the same core issue, it just manifests itself in different ways.
Interesting point, I didn't think of it that way.

So, let me ask you this: do you think you could work if you were never able to get enough food to fill your stomach?

I think the very worst thing any living creature can experience is hunger - the absolute worst.  When you're hungry, you can't think, you can't sleep, you can't work, you can't do enough to get yourself out of the situation you're in.

If there is enough food in the world to go around, don't you think it's a travesty that some should starve and some should throw food away, regardless of whether they worked and paid for it or not?
&gt;The Poor Eat Mud

There is a guy named Jeffrey_Sachs 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Sachs

who runs this thing called the earth institute that analyzes the economic ebb and flow, who is getting what and why, anyways, i hope our political leaders listen to him
Don't...em...feed the troll.
Yes, let's distribute some abstinence only pamphlets over there, that'll help...
I know you arent calling me a troll Mr. Robin.
I would move.

And no, i think its a product of social darwinism, societies that cant manage themselves enough to provide food for their people do not need handouts, they need to be allowed to die off.  The reason africa is such a mess is that its been mismanaged into an unmanageable disaster.  There is never going to be a fix for it because the leaders dont want a fix and the people are too submissive to force their hand.
Try condoms.
And I suppose the suggested approach is to let a few billion starve?
God Damnit.  How can people vote for these Neo-Con assholes who vote for war when people are starving.  This corrupt system has to end.
There's a difference when you *are* the government.
So I hope no one votes for leaders who oppose birth control or wants to outlaw abortions.
It's inevitable if nations don't invest in local sustainable agriculture. We all know the oil is drying up. How are nations who can't feed themselves going to survive when they can't rely on NA exports?

I could be wrong, though. Maybe someone will invent an electric motor + power source to move cargo ships across oceans, or hell maybe we can even revert to sail ships.
You're being sarcastic right? Monsanto is probably one of the *worst* companies in the world, on a variety of levels. They could help by allowing farmers to replant seeds they bought instead of inefficiently forcing them to use seeds only once!
This food crisis has hit within the last 6 months to a year. Most of the kids that are starving were born when there was enough food to feed them.

Unless you believe in postpartum abortions sex education isn't going to help.

This isn't a case of people popping out babies at a suddenly faster rate, it's a case of the food disappearing because prices are skyrocketing
*Technological advances are irrelevant*

Actually, technological advances are absolutely pertinent to both economic growth and the global food supply. Robert Solow won a Nobel prize for his work on a growth model that shows that technological change is the only reason we experience growth in the economy. Thomas Malthus thought technological change was irrelevant as well. His logic was, since population grows exponentially but resources  only grow geometrically the needs of the population would outstrip our global resources and leave the Earth ridden with famine, wars and diseases to control the population.
All I know is that there are people at this very minute literally eating dirt. Metaphysics mean nothing in the face of starvation. All I want to do is keep a kid from starving to death, today if possible.
Not quite, but that message was a bit troll-y to be honest, more incendiary than constructive.
It did, however, start 2 or 3 good conversations, which was the intent, afterall.
True. Plus, a true troll would not hang about to participate. Trolls are the folks that fart in a room just before they leave.
The reason that Africa is a mess is because of the legacy of colonialism.

And social darwinism is a widely discredited theory. Give 'Guns, Germs and Steal' a look. Even a simple history book will  suffice.
Seems to be working quite effectively in africa, actually.  Worked great in the soviet union as well.
You know wrong
Ah. Finally. A social darwinist
as he agreed i suspect that i am accurate.
[deleted]
I'm hoping someone can explain: In places where hunger is a problem, why don't most people become farmers?
You should have left them alone starting 200 years back. Unfortunately your "wisdom" didn't meld well with colonial expansionism.
http://www.dfid.gov.uk/news/files/state-world-children-facts.asp

I don't recall where I found it, but I remember reading that a good deal of those 26,000 (daily) deaths are caused by starvation.  This isn't a recent problem by any means.

The proper used of condoms and contraceptives would allow people to not be burdened with the weight of giving birth to children that they can not bear.  It is not their only problem, but why ignore it ?

Maybe if we could just get the retarded Catholic priests in Africa to stop telling people that condoms come pre-infected with HIV or that they're designed to kill black people, there'd be a bit more progress.  Fucking assholes-I thought lying was a sin?
Im sorry, do you mean when their people were selling slaves to the western hemisphere?  or when they were still primitives running around with spears?
What I'm not quite clear on is why, in places like Haiti, more people don't just start growing food. I'll be the first to admit that I'm totally clueless about global commodities, so maybe someone can explain it, but it seems simple to me. Can afford to buy food internationally? Grow it. Right?  

Or does Haiti just not have enough land to supply its population with food? If so, that would seem to be the most basic problem.
When I see people who can't even support and feed themselves decide it's ok to have 5 freaking children, I get sick.
No one ever wants to solve the rest of the problem...
And when a developing nation finds itself impoverished because of Western colonialism, exploitation and debt, WHO is it that needs to die off?

The idea that the problem with developing nations is merely managerial is insane.
We've had a lot of capital for investing in humans but that capital is drying up, so the invisible hand of the market will cut back on the production of humans to compensate. Capitalism ftw.
[deleted]
So in keeping with the theory of social darwinism, do you agree with the proposed bailout of the mortgage crisis?  Should social darwinism also apply in this case and these people should be allowed to "die off"?  Would you apply this theory to any scenario of "misfortune"?

(I know we're talking about food and hunger so sorry to ask an off-topic question.)
developing nation?  You realize that africa is the cradle of civilization, right?  They had a bit more time than most to develope their culture.  Their culture just turned out to be self destructive and anti-progression.  Which is why they werent able to compete with newer cultures.  And those newer cultures were able to exploit them.  Again, social darwinism.
You are the only logical person in this thread making any sense and I don't understand why people are modding you down.
I agree with everything you said.
&gt;"The reason that Africa is a mess is because of the legacy of colonialism."

Don't mention colonialism here on reddit. Redditors concept of history only goes back to 2000 when god created George Bush, Americans, and Scientology to ruin the once utopian existence that Europe brought about.
I say without sarcasm that your desire to help is truly admirable. But if you want to make a true contribution that's more than just a temporary hand out, you have to look at the larger picture. The only solution to a food shortage is local, sustainable agricultural infrastructure.
My limited understanding is that many places such as Africa are drying up due to climate change. But even in places that aren't drying up, people have been encouraged to move to industry to supply goods for the West. In the process, they've effectivly "forgotten" how to be self sufficient with regards to the most basic needs such as food. They depend on imports. So when the market prices for food goes up dramatically, they can't eat.
I dont agree with the bailout at all, all this crap about how banks will go under is jsut a scare tactic.  Banks, traditionally, do not go out of business, they just get bought up by larger banks.

These people that got these subprime loans got them because they knew their credit was bad, they went in knowing that they already had issues making payments beforehand.  So, if they end up not beign able to make payments, they need to suffer the consequences.
The analogy may have been exaggerated, but I think it stands.
I think there is a misconception that the Dark Ages means a "time of despare and misery." When, really, it just refers to a time where our historians have a hard time putting things together. THought it may very well have been miserable at times....
Agreed.  But it's not quite so simple as that in many poor societies.  In poor agrarian societies for example, it is believed that the more children you have, the more hands you have to work the land.  Not saying it works out, but that is a commonly held belief.

Additionally, many people in poor, underdeveloped societies don't have access to birth control practices, and in strongly patriarchial societies, many women don't have a choice when it comes to having children - husband comes home and says "spread 'em".

I absolutely agree with you that overpopulation is an issue and it's easy to say "well, it's your bloody fault that you're hungry" but it's just not so cut and dry.  Many countries like India are making a concerted effort to provide sex education and birth control to poorer people and to start a campaign of awareness and education to reverse these age-old ways of thinking, but it takes time to change the world.  :-)
The middle and the pacific southeast are the locations of the origins of agriculture, primarily because of the types of plants and animals that were native there. By contrast, there are few domesticate-able plants and animals in africa. Hence their late start. The areas that were hospitable to these domesticates grew in population size, and thus complexity. THIS is why africa was unable to compete. Geography. 

Again, social darwinism is a myth, veiled racism.
Sadly, the culture generally praises those who have many children, men are often unwilling to use condoms, and women don't have enough say-so or resources to obtain or insist on using birth control.
This is an interesting article: http://www.usnews.com/articles/news/2008/04/10/why-the-pope-is-wrong-about-condoms.html
...  Wow.
You are referring to the collapse of government. SD refers to the theory that the success of certain groups can be explained by the genetic disposition of that group to certain behaviors.
As they say, teach a man to fish.
Your right. Your a-historical argument that the problems in Africa stem from some inferiority of the African people is far more compelling.
I don't exactly see what you're talking about.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_Darwinism

Youre definition is one thats used as a criticism, however one sentence doesnt describe it fully.  Have a read.
Teaching a man to fish will feed him for a lifetime only if the man has fishing equipment and access to a body of water with a sustainable fish population.
"teach a man to fish...and he has to get a fishing license. Then if he wants to cook the fish he has to get an open flame permit!!"
It's not mere desire. The cash donation was quite tangible. And while the larger picture is important, let's not allow our ability to see it prevent us from taking small steps. We can do both.
I've read the wikipedia entry before, and it does a piss poor job of summarizing the history of SD thought. Help yourself to any other resource. My definition stands.
Inferior?  Nope, never said that, nice try though.

I said that so far africa has been unable to harbor or establish a society/culture that is able to compete with others.

Do you see americans stabbing eachother in front of wonderbread trucks?
I have 7 or 8 books on it on my bookshelf at home.  Your definition is about as accurate as sayign the sky is blue because water is blue.
Well, whaddyaknow old chap?  We agree on something!

But for some reason I have trouble applying this theory to the issue of food and hunger (yes, I realize I'm contradicting myself!).

I have seen some brutal, miserable grinding poverty.  And IF there's enough food to go around in the world, I have a really really hard time believing that some of us should be deprived and some of us should be wasteful.

To play the game of life, we must be fed.  Clothing and shelter are secondary needs in my opinion.  But without food none of us can function.  If some of us have some left over, why not share with those less fortunate?

Oh well, perhaps we agree to disagree?

Anyway, thanks for the interesting discussion.  I got no work done at all today!
Unless charity removes need and desire to reach sustainability.
Farming requires land.  Those who are wealthy, have land, therefore the poor go hungry.

Take Zimbabwe for example.  Land was seized from producers(the wealthy), on the pretense of restoring equality.  Unfortunately, once it was acquired, it was not used effectively and so inflation and starvation runs out of control.

Leverage and forced interdependency(globalization) are double edged swords.  It is great during periods of growth, but when markets retract, it is the ones who hold the real goods that survive.

In essence, the poor have outsourced their food production to the land owners.  Once they run out of money (inflation), it is no longer profitable for the land owners to continue to sell in their goods locally.  So the land owners export to the highest bidder, while their neighbors and countrymen starve.
Run for president!
[citation needed]
aahhhh......
Actually, water looks blue because the sky is blue. Or so I've been told.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functionalism_(sociology)

From the wikipedia entry.

"Thus the weak members of civilised societies propagate their kind. No one who has attended to the breeding of domestic animals will doubt that this must be highly injurious to the race of man. It is surprising how soon a want of care, or care wrongly directed, leads to the degeneration of a domestic race; but excepting in the case of man himself, hardly any one is so ignorant as to allow his worst animals to breed."

My characterization of the history of SD thought is accurate, but I'm sure I don't have to tell that to someone with as many books as you. You should think about trading some of those in for a couple of history books. Maybe a volume or two on cultural anthropology.

And I have to wonder: Why would someone who does NOT believe in the biological genesis for behavior advocate allowing millions to starve to death instead of, say, education and reform?
Because im tired of my taxes going to other countries.  My government should worry about my well being and my country, not zimbabwe.
"I said that so far africa has been unable to harbor or establish a society/culture that is able to compete with others."

And you haven't thought to consider factors outside of their immediate group? For the most put-upon people in modern history? To what, then, do you attribute their failure?
The fact that most everyone else had rifles and boats capable of reaching across the atlantic and they still had canoes and spears.
That objective must mean so much to someone about to die of starvation.
Some people just weren't meant to survive.
Unfortunately I can not up mod you more, but allow me to shed some more light into this matter.

There is wisdom in maintaining the current status-quo of food subsidy. Any nation not able to feed its population is at the mercy of the food suppliers. The US is just promoting other nations to rely on it to get their food. If US cuts the supply, then hell sets loose on the consuming side. I think, when the subsidy was initially established, this was the real reason behind the grant. This is probably the fastest way to win a war without firing a single bullet.

Ex-Yugoslavia was and very much still is a heavy food exporter to the rest of Europe and the world. I recall visiting ex-Yugoslavia while the NATO embargo was in place. The embargo could have been indefinetly carried on, and there would be no popular uprisings. Food was cheap and plentiful. The autonomy of the country was secured.

When Bush &amp; Co. decided to mass produce bio-fuels, the reason behind the subsidies started to come to light on the rest of the world. Hopefully this will be a wake up call to all countries who decided to leave the food issue on the clutches of the free market.
Africa was also host to the earliest advanced civilizations in history. From the Summerians and Babylonians to the Egyptians.

Firearm technology, which has its roots in China, spread West to Europe easily across the relatively passable steppes, where as the technology took far longer to spread to cultures south of the Sahara desert.

Europe did not invent gunpowder. Europe inherited it. So it appears that your metric for why a nation should 'die off' is simple chance of geography.
We all need the internet to sustain!
And yet they couldnt stave off other cultures.  They did not branch out as the chinese and Europeans did, they sat stagnant for hundreds of years fighting with eachother over barren land with sticks and stone.
I didn't see what the Invisible Hand did there.
The math is getting difficult. You should ideally eat five to seven smaller meals a day, which really jacks the revolution equation.
Re-distributing solves the problem though.  There is already more than enough food for all 6 billion people.  We just do stupid shit like feed it to cows, turn it into fuel, and just plain throw it in the garbage.
They inherited gunpowder. Until that point, they were routinely occupied by invaders from the middle and far east. The easterns' superior cavalries ran clean over europe, as far as they could into europe's dense forests. As far as france.
Everybody needs to eat. Breaking the chain of life and patenting the pieces is *really* profitable.
If only it were that easy.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haiti#Ecology

One of the great paradoxes of rainforest ecology is soil quality.  We humans see the rainforest and say, "Hey, this is awesome, look at how lush everything is.  I'll bet if we cut this down and grow crops they would do great!"  Unfortunately, the opposite is almost always true.  All of the nutrients in rainforests are held in the organisms, rather than the soil.  This is no several feet of topsoil like we may be used to in the Midwest.  As soon as something dies, the nutrients is almost instantly reabsorbed by some other organism, leaving very little for the soil.  So when these areas are deforested, you're left with a very poor soil that can be used for a season, maybe, before becoming exhausted.  And then, as it mentions in the wiki article, without the plant cover, erosion and flooding goes out of control.  Further degrading the ability of the soil to grow anything worthwhile.
So, to answer your question, Haiti has definitely passed a tipping point where sustainable agriculture is possible for the population, what with 98% of the country deforested.
And yet Europe is far more advanced that the majority of africa.
We have been sharing, by dumping piles of food on these countries with no thought to the consequences.  

Because of food handouts less starving people have died.  They have instead given birth to millions of other people that will live in poverty only surviving because the world like to feed the hungry dirt dwellers.  

These people that never would have existed also breed and the problem compounds over and over.  Do you not see that at some point we won't be able to feed these people that cannot feed themselves?  

We need a better solution.  I have no problem feeding these people for a short while as other solutions are established but this has been going on for decades with no noticeable progress.  

What these people need is some damn computers.  75% of the population makes $2 per hour?  I could get funding to hire ALL OF THEM to bang out some cheap websites and do other manual labor on the internet.  Do they not have one person there that cares enough to do something like this?

I hate people.
Wow!  That was some great information about the arability of rainforests.  I had no idea!  Thanks for that.

Edit: In case that sounds sarcastic, it wasn't.  :-)
Domesticated crops, inherited from the middle east.

The majority of africa (in terms of population) has been agrarian for some time now. About as long as, say, the tribes of Ireland and Scotland. And roughly as advanced, if not more so.
Again, african's are killing eachother in front of bread trucks, europeans arent.
Not anymore. But that wasn't the case a mere two hundred years ago. Or in the case of Ireland, a mere ONE hundred years. Not to mention that it was the Europeans who nearly annihilated themselves in the two largest wars in history.
Here's where it gets philosophical. I don't think it's a coincidence that the greatest technological and philosophical advancements throughout mankinds history happened when people lived happy, productive lives. If we're to continue to do so (Which is essential to our long term survival) then we must maintain a high level of comfort.

I could also make the argument that no one is obligated beyond their own conscious to sacrifice what they work for, within their own society, to help fix the societal problems of another country. Especially considering the costs of actually moving the food from point A to point B, taking into account the rising cost of fuel, and the insustainability of such mass exports in the long term due to the fact that oil is a finite resource.
Ah, of course. What is the death of several million against your ill-founded sense of victimization?

You would do well to consider that our economy, from which you earn your keep, owes a good deal to the exploitation of these people.
Cry me a river?  Ive probably spent more time in that part of the woods this year than you will your entire life.

edit: and my money mostly comes from other countries, thanks.
I feel the same frustration. Reading stories like this makes me want the postal address of starving people. I'd go to the post office this afternoon and mail them boxes of food. Dried fruit, pinto beans and brown rice.

You can't teach a man to fish if he's passed out from hunger.
There's enough blame to go around without making up stupid reasons.
Points well taken.  So let me ask you this: if you disagree with food handouts, do you also disagree with the food stamps program?
And my point still stands, did ireland get financial aid and food packages from england?  No, it got invaded repeatedly.  If the society cant survive on its own then it should be allowed to die, ireland managed without the UN giving them food.
We who live in first-world democracies are responsible as well if we do not stand up to our leaders who either create or are complicit to the economic, political, and environmental conditions that promote extreme poverty.
Part of the reason why the Irish could not feed themselves is because of English ownership of land. Irish people died in droves, which apparently is a sign that they their society is unfit and they are thus deserving of death. And yet today, thanks to improvements in education from a representative government, they have one of the strongest economies in Europe. Makes you wonder if all those people had to die in the first place.

You logic is circular and based on a baffling set of assumptions. Regardless of how a people have been oppressed, they deserve whatever horror they find themselves in. What possible world view considers an individual responsible for the poverty he is born into? Perhaps you would benefit from regarding these people as humans, unfortunately born into their lot, and not a mass of intentional parasites.

Also, the Irish certainly did receive aid, in the form of relatively open access to migrate to America (compared to much of the world at the time). And as you may have noticed, they've done quite well here.
And he'll clean out the oceans completely!
[deleted]
So.. they managed to not end up a nation of beggars killing eachother over bread, thanks for validating my point.
That implies a "Planner".  I don't believe there is such a person or entity who has a big list with "Lives" and "Dies" at the top.  It would be nice to be able to shift responsibility onto someone else's plate, but then nothing will ever change.
People in the world are starving, and yet we're using our corn to make ethanol.
Subsistence farming cannot support large populations.
How is it that the assertion of a fallen civilization is an argument for an inherent inferiority of its people?  
Look at how advanced the Egyptians once were; and yet they suffered this same geological disadvantage you're indicating.  
If I argued that the Roman empire fell and set European civilization back hundreds of years, would you attack me for suggesting that Italians are inferior? Probably not.  
African civilization suffered the same fate, but did so with unlucky timing.  
Of course geography *is* a factor, but it's only one of many.

You're mistaking the explanation of *social* darwinism for the assertion that the differences lie in *biological* evolution. They are not at all related.

Really though, this is just an argument over the accuracy of the PC term "developing nation". What I think Whiskey was thinking is that it makes it sounds as if people are saying Africa is somehow new, and that's the only reason it is how it is.   
In reality; it's not that the culture is immature, it's that the culture is an adult, but is crippled/has a serious birth defect. Note that I am saying "the culture" and not "the people". There *is* a difference.
Except us rich countries got this way by exploiting the poor countries.  We're not self sufficient, we're just screwing everyone else.  I don't think its unreasonable that we give up some of our luxuries and quit screwing over the poorest people in the world.
A better word:  Statism.
It's crazy. Meanwhile have you seen how much they charge for rucola at Whole Foods? It's daylight robbery!
Why? Earth is overpopulated.
That won't help, but neither will more food aid that will just allow them to survive and procreate more, perpetuating and amplifying the problem.
You're needlessly conflating "society" "civilization" and "culture" as completely inseparable from "people".   
The latter are individuals, the former are intangible ideas and traditions espoused by a large group of individuals.   
It is the former that needs to die; and though some of the latter will undoubtedly die as a consequence, ultimately, future generations would be *so* much better off because of it.
Son, please buy a history book. If Ireland had anywhere near the natural resources that Africa has, the Irish would be as repressed and poor as ever (and indeed,as they were for centuries).
LOL, so which is it?  They are barren or they have tons of natural resources?

Make up your mind, son.
Allow me to explain what's really going on.  The US is watering down it's money to pay for a big war and a welfare sate ... so all the other countries are watering down their money to keep whatever economies they have 'competitive'.  The people at the top of these countries get a shit load of new printed up money while everyone else gets high prices.  

While it's true that some price increases are because of genuine supply shortages (eg the ethanol push in corn)  The vast majority of it is governments watering down their money.  In 90% of cases, constantly rising prices don't just magically happen, they happen because governments fuck with peoples money.  
Never forget that: **most prices increases happen because of watered down money**
To which group are you referring? Ireland is relatively fertile, but has few natural resources that developing nations desire. Agriculture in Africa has long been problematic, but it possesses immense quantitates of natural resources (oil, cobalt, etc) that the developed world desires.
This is a pretty harsh point of view. I am having a hard time believing you feel as extreme as what can be inferred from your statements. By whiskeytango's logic, I could see a nation that feels it is superior to other nations invading and simply saying, "oh well... they weren't good enough to fight us off so they deserved that." To prove that Godwin's law is always correct, I'll state that that's what the nazi's did.
bzztwrong, I agree with you that culture is distinguishable from a people. This is my very point. You made the earlier assertion that the theory of SD is separate from evolution. Here, I believe that it is you who is conflating ideas (though I do appreciate your sober words). The history of SD thought is inseparable from the belief that the behaviors which determine the fortitude of a culture are intrinsic to race, ethnicity, etc. Furthermore, I believe it incorrect to assume that 'behavior' is a driving force of a groups success. Westerners may not have invented the canon, but they sure learned how to exploit it. Not many groups have ever long rejected technological innovations which can improve their ability to compete. (Contraception perhaps withstanding.)

"It is the former that needs to die; and though some of the latter will undoubtedly die as a consequence, ultimately, future generations would be so much better off because of it."

I question that people must surely die. If the behavior of a people is not genetically predisposed, and I agree that it is not, then there can exist initiatives to alter said behavior. Further, your assumption here is that the principal cause of said people's suffering is their culture. Depending on the people, this can be an incorrect assumption. Colonialism devastated Africa, and modern corporate control of Africa's resources continues to threaten it's development. The people's culture has little to do with this. The African people, for instance, would be more than happy to exploit oil to their advantage.

Your thoughts are appreciated.
I think I agree. Ways of life need to be agile as things evolve. I see this idea as similar to the RIAA pushing an obsolete business model isntead of adapting to what consumers want.
Could you restate your point in light of bzztwrong's clarification of "society" "civilization" and "culture"? I suspect yo're arguing for way of life dying instead of people.
No no, its much more fun watching JW bury himself by calling me a nazi.
[deleted]
Arguably the world is overpopulated, true.  

Let us assume that every human life has some value, though.  

Are you sure you cannot bring yourself to make even a few mouse clicks to save one of those lives?

http://www.wfp.org/english/
Seriously, fuck them.
FYI: That comment just put me over the edge so i went and donated 50 bucks.
"How is it that the assertion of a fallen civilization is an argument for an inherent inferiority of its people?"

Perhaps I did not clearly explain my reasoning. I use these deceased civilizations as examples of the early accomplishments of the people of northern africa. I use it to preemptively attack what I've found an unfortunate assumption of SD though, which, in short, is that 'something must be wrong with them africans.' 

I am not mistaking the explanation of social darwinism. I am accurately describing the historical outlook of that school of thought. Though some today would like to repurpose the term 'social darwinism' to fit their less racist, more reasonable theory of group selection based on acquired behavior, that philosophy is unambiguously linked with the belief in the genetic-basis of behavior. I suggest those that wish to argue that the success of groups is based on chose a different term. That one is taken. And I agree with you. There is certainly a difference between a culture and a people.

You assert here that the problem with africa is its culture. Again, I suggest you consider the history of colonialism in that part of the world and other significant factors, such as their continued exploitation by western nations.
j2d2, though I would agree that 'ways of life must be agile', it does not follow that we must sloosh off millions on the margins of society for change to occur.
I honestly don't believe I would be helping humanity. I don't believe in the value of individual human life, only in the value of humanity as a whole. Any kind of aid will only prolong the agony. The current overpopulation of the globe is the result of mechanized agriculture and use of fertilizers and pesticides - all of these will slowly become more expensive as we run out of oil and soon we'll be back to our old organic diets - except we can't really feed the current Earth population without cheap oil. We might develop alternatives but I don't think it will be enough to sustain our current fossil fueled overpopulation.
I would absolutely agree that for Africa to rebuild itself, it must also be free of foreign corporate interference.

But my position is not that people *should* die, but that they inevitably will, given the current structure, or lack thereof, in modern-day Africa.

I think it's a combination of many factors; the initial culture and it's ravaging by colonialism, but then also the poisoned culture that has grown up around that modern corporate control, wherein those most willing to sell out their own people to those corporate interests unfortunately become the most powerful.

If the corporate control were to dissipate, civil war would ensue against current tyrants and gangsters, and some people would die. That was my point there.
Let me guess: diamond trade?
http://www.lifeanddebt.org/
This is also why.  This documentary focuses mostly on Jamaica, but Haiti is like that, only worse.
I actually do private security.
10 hours per month to help poor kids in my own community, and I donate monthly to Unicef, and Kiva.org as well.

So, yes, I am being judgmental, and I'm not going to be apologetic for it. I am sickened by his comment that because he 'pays' for his food, wasting it is his own prerogative. My point is that I have just as much a right to be judgmental as he has to be wasteful.
You know nothing about me, nor the work I do. But, I'm doing a hell of a lot more than a right wing troll who thinks they are superior just because they are fortunate enough to be born in a place of plenty.

If everyone in the world had your attitude, we'd still be in caves.
Well said.
What would Monsanto really hate, but not be able to do anything about?
Nature.
For diamond mines?
Shouldn't your nick be "Calvin" or "Heidegger"? Locke was a sweetheart.
Why is it wrong for me to be sickened by someone wasting food and gloating about it? To answer your question, no, I eat more than 2 pieces of bread a day. Do I waste food? No! I make a whole chicken last a week for a family of three. 

A big part of my feeling comes from the fact I grew up poor, and sometimes went without. So, yes, seeing someone casually waste food, just because they can, pisses me off. I think I have a right to feel that way.
Right wing?  You know where i was born?  Man thats awesome, want to meet there later, you will probably need a passport, also, you will have to fly to the EU first, because there are no flights there from the US, oh and be sure to contact your government and tell them its not to blow somethign up, becuse going there without a business reason usually ends with people on a list somewhere.
I'm not American.
Great, still, work on that passport.
For whomever my contract is with at the time, i try to stay away from diamonds because i dont like the idea of armless children.
Thanks :)
Something we can agree on.
I don't think that's what bzztwrong is suggesting. He's making the distinction between ways of life and actual lives and saying ways of life need to be able to die and hopefully not individuals, though they might get caught in the crossfire.
Would you protect someone like Mugabe?
What if your government makes money off the resources of Zimbabwe? I don't think it's as black and white as "my government should worry about my well being and my country" since the economies overlap in many cases.
How am I supposed to eat five to seven small children a day?
The perfect water carrier.  Why would they use them for their intended purpose?
Its security for businesses, not people.  Like say haliburton(who contracts with KBR almost exclusively) needed guys to escort a convoy from point a to point b.  Its never long term, but sometimes you can jump from one job to another pretty seamlessly, i dont like working for the big security cmopanies so i dont get the year long gigs, that would suck anyways.
the government makes money off tariffs from companies importing from zimbabwe.  Those companies should be donating money, not the government.
lol. Sorry, picked this name when I was just a wee lad reading Ender's Game.
I'm not sure I see the motivation for a company to donate... I see the libertarian vibe and I generally agree with it. I don't think free markets help the greater good in a few cases though. That's essentially what I was zeroing in on...

Take scientific research for example. The battery that powers most ipods was developed with no use in mind. Then ipods came around and they made use of it. We wouldn't have ipods without the battery and we'd be behind where we are now as the research is done. Efficiency arose from government funding towards a particular field.
I remember that book! Feet-first spacesuit combat ... the Ansible ... great stuff. Is Weta Digital still making movies?
Another point... the slooshing wouldn't occur if the people on the bum-end of the stick were agile and could organize. It's not just the gainers in some equation that have the opportunity to be efficient and defend their beliefs.
um we would have ipods without the battery, they would have just used a different battery.
Get the 7th one to mash up the other 6, and then refridgerate.
That's a joke, right? Locke was a myopic misanthropist.
&gt; Let us assume that every human life has some value, though.

...and that's where you would be mistaken.

There is value in letting nature take its course.  If humans think they're somehow exempt from the survival of the fittest equation, it is the height of their hubris.
The nice thing about a man passed out from hunger is that it is unnecessary to teach him to fish.
Yes... yes, I imagine it does in the absolutely least abstract, most in-your-face way.
If you look at the human race as a whole (and even at the individual level), "the rest of the problem" isn't worth solving.

Looking back through history, you find  consistent, regular intervals where millions upon millions of people are killed via various things like plague, wars, starvation, genocide, etc.  

We've been overdue for a good purge going on 40 or 50 years now.  The fact that we haven't been planning for it just show that we're nothing more than hairless apes incapable of seeing our own, completely obvious, history proven destiny.
If you're going to balk at that...

...you will definitely like my idea of using nuclear weapons for national level mercy killing.
...and to think Locke was right: property is created by the application of labor.  Unfortunately, you can only rent food and can never truly own it regardless of how hard you work in life.
Hey, some of us have an unsustainable "big picture" job 50 miles from where we "live" that we  have to get to!
&gt; (poor taste. sorry.)

I understand Irish children taste better.

...but seriously, if you've knocked out 5 children by the time you're 29, you (and your kids) deserve a little starving.
obvious troll is obvious.

Locke was wrong, systemically wrong.
Hey, all Monsanto is doing is keeping those lazy fsckers honest.
&gt; investment is the key

So... someone needs to give them money in order for them to figure out how to feed themselves?  On a tropical Caribbean island?

...Please, just stop.
if only murder was legal eh?
&gt; That implies a "Planner".

No... no it doesn't.

It just implies that humans are subject to the same survival of the fittest laws that every other living creature on this planet must deal with.

Just because humans can communicate a little more effectively than 99.999% of the earth's specifies doesn't some how exempt us from great fitness function in the sky.
ever wonder why they put "in god we trust" on US currency?

...because, as with all currencies, at the end of the day, that's all you can do:  hope that your little scraps of paper actually hold the trust of the majority of the population.

When I was a kid, I remember seeing a picture in National Geographic showing some dirt poor villager walking down a country road with a sack made out of a bulk sheet of their local hyperinflated currency.  The message was obvious:  they had reached the point at which the sheet of paper used to print the money was worth more than the idea printed on the paper.

The US is headed down that path with the rest of the undeveloped world acting as the canary in the coal mine.
Food Fight!
EXCEPT when it's a food fight of course.
Just because you point out the obvious does not make you a misanthrope, let alone wrong.

...and it's "anonymous", not "obvious"... a subtle, but important difference for anyone with a username containing the word "troll".
I love that this comment gets downmodded.

*He's saying a lot of intelligent things that make me question my beliefs! DOWNMOD*
I agree with the statement that some people DON'T survive - but to say that they weren't MEANT to survive implies that there was a plan or a map for their lives before they started living it.  I just don't buy that.
...then you completely misunderstand how nature works.  Nature will *always* produce more than were *meant* to survive.  Only through properties of large numbers can evolutionary adaptations be exposed to the fitness function of "life".  

Quite simply put:  death before reproduction is a *requirement* for successful evolution.  In that regard, some living things *are* MEANT to die (I'm going to add "prematurely" here, because if you bother to think about it for more than 3 seconds, death, in general, is probably the most critical part of evolution; things would not evolve if 1 - they do not reproduce and 2 - if they did not die.  In that respect *everything* is meant to die).

If that's a little too "predetermination" for you... oh well.
:D

except it's obvious that both you and Locke are trolls.

Locke's myopia mangled the 'state of human nature' to only be populated by people with his violent and pathological capitalism, and is **directly refuted** by what we witness with empirical evidence.
&gt; directly refuted

[citation needed]
Fucking idiot and hypocrite.  The children of these starving people have no blame.  We're lucky to have been born in an industrialized nation, those children had no choice either.
This realization should not come on the backs of blameless hungry kids.
oh c'mon. you've been on reddit long enough now.

&gt;*IF man in the state of nature be so free, as has been said; if he be absolute lord of his own person and possessions, equal to the greatest, and subject to no body, why will he part with his freedom? Why will he give up this empire, and subject himself to the dominion and control of any other power? To which it is obvious to answer, that though in the state of nature he hath such a right, yet the enjoyment of it is very uncertain, and constantly exposed to the invasion of others: for all being kings as much as he, every man his equal, and the greater part no strict observers of equity and justice, the enjoyment of the property he has in this state is very unsafe, very unsecure. This makes him willing to quit a condition, which, however free, is full of fears and continual dangers: and it is not without reason, that he seeks out, and is willing to join in society with others, who are already united, or have a mind to unite, for the mutual preservation of their lives, liberties and estates, which I call by the general name, property*

**direct refutations**

* hunter-gatherer societies
* tribal nomads
* self-forming communes
* anarch syndicates


**None of which** require property.

**None of which** require control.

The only subset of humanity his works apply to is other *agrarian/propertarian/libertarian/free-marketists*.  When theories of human nature only apply to a subset, **it is not human nature, it is a failure of that subset**.

As a bonus, every example listed has greater efficiency and psychological well-being without the rampant violent crime and pathologies of agrarian/free-marketists.

*edit: quote for context*
If it were only that simple.  It's like asking, in places that lack manufacturing sectors (the US) why don't the people start making manufactured goods?
Amen.
There is no "blame" or "fault" or, to a large degree, "choice".

There is either do or do not.
Do we need to limit world population?  Yes.  Should  the solution to the immediate hunger these people be impeded by that?  No.  I'm getting sick of you callous motherfuckers spouting social darwinism and free market bullshit when none of you are free from government aid, and many have gotten a leg up because of it.
http://reddit.com/info/6g97c/comments/c03re54
Except that, to make/manufacture/grow food, all you need is:

* dirt
* seeds
* sunlight
* water
[deleted]
In all of these the notion of "property" shifts to mind share and group membership.  Each of those systems can be just as brutal, if not more so, than other forms of societal organization (tribal warfare over natural resources is commonplace).

...and don't believe for one second that there isn't trade happening in each and every one of those systems.

...but, hey, if you think "Survivor" is the way forward, good for you!
What? Why not?
oo, **can**.

There's a strong and compelling argument for a universal doctrine of human nature.

Since you acknowledge the evidence indicates they usually do not, let's see if we can stretch our cognitive faculties and deduce a reason why they **can** *behave more like a a coercive and hierarchial agrarian society*.

Hmm, could it be because they do so when **populated by** *coercive and hierarchial agrarians*?

Since we know the pathologies of a society trump any political institution, then yes, we found the obvious formula.

*edit: you're a pretty good troll to edit your post after I reply.*
I am probably the most "free" of any of you motherfsckers:

i pay no taxes

i have no job

i have no health insurance

i have no car

i have no debt

i do not reside in the country of my "citizenship"

i have no elected representation 

if i let myself starve to death, nobody will care or even give it a second though

If you thought about your situation vs mine for more than a few minutes, you would probably realize that our situations are far more similar that you would like to believe.  The difference is that I am in a situation where my reality is obvious...  yours less so.
So, sashimi then?
wow this place must be on the other side of the world or something.....
Are they American?  I don't care if they're not American.

American lives are more important than other people's lives you know.
I get sick when people are so ignorant about the reality of what causes famines in the first place. The 'overpopulation' myth actually draws on deep undercurrents of parochialism, racism, elitism, and sexism, but why don't you actually read about this shit and then get back to me?

Suggested articles:
The Malthusian Orthodoxy- Betsey Hartmann
America's Egypt: Discourse of the Development Industry- Timothy Mitchell
Poverty Breeds Overpopulation- Barry Commoner
Myths of Overpopulation- Julian Simon
A woman in the video had 18 kids. I don't think a person living in America or Europe could feed 18 kids, so why the hell should I feel sorry for her? We need to start teaching these people to stop having so many kids instead of supporting their growing population with our donations. 

I'm sure everyone here will argue that if we all just donated a bit they would be much better off, but they would just grow into those donations and then we'll have twice as many people asking for more.
7th-inning stretch:  
  
&gt; Can it be that hunter-gatherer societies, tribal nomads, self-forming communes, and/or anarcho-syndicalist self-organizations -- which nominally *and* normally operate at greater efficiency and psychological well-being without the rampant violent crime and pathologies of agrarian/free-marketists --
**can** behave more like those same coercive hierarchial societies sometimes?  
   
Could it be because they do so when *populated by* or *controlled* or *"inspired"*[sic] by coercive and hierarchial agrarians? Yes, emphatically **yes**. One should *expect* outlying corruptions in the above or any sociodynamical proposition. Was the hierarchy, or the agrarian economy, the root of evil? No. Every form casts a shadow. Do we seek to eliminate evil? build better societies? what would be better, in the first place?    
   
I still say Locke was a sweetheart.  
  
&gt; *All men are liable to error; and most men are, in many points, under temptation to it.*
who cares if it's different when the point was performance...
You don't understand man... he quoted Wikipedia!
You're in idiot.
I must commend you on choosing your name aptly
Will they blend?
Lol, a little late eh?
Aye, I've been playing video games for a while.

Summary:
And I agree with you.
I just don't buy that.
We don't NEED to eat so much food!
The people's culture has little to do with this.
I could be wrong, though.
And I suppose that we have a lot more people starving now because we have a lot more people.
That was my point there.
You know nothing about me, nor the work I do.
I question that people must surely die.
You did, I understand your point.
What did people think was going to happen?
When I see people wasting food, it really makes me sick.
I don't think that's what bzztwrong is suggesting.
The children of these starving people have no blame.
Note that I am saying "the culture" and not "the people".
This is my very point.
I think I have a right to feel that way.
Makes you wonder if all those people had to die in the first place.
I don't believe in depriving ourselves of what we need but I also don't believe in being greedy and wasteful.
I don't think free markets help the greater good in a few cases though.
Interesting point, I didn't think of it that way.
You assert here that the problem with africa is its culture.
There is certainly a difference between a culture and a people.
what would be better, in the first place?
Right now, the rising price of food is killing people.
I agree with everything you said.
There's a difference when you *are* the government.
Do we need to limit world population?
My point is that I have just as much a right to be judgmental as he has to be wasteful.
What I'm not quite clear on is why, in places like Haiti, more people don't just start growing food.
We need a better solution.
Because of food handouts less starving people have died.
I don't care if they're not American.
People in the world are starving, and yet we're using our corn to make ethanol.
The US is just promoting other nations to rely on it to get their food.
bzztwrong, I agree with you that culture is distinguishable from a people.
Its security for businesses, not people.
I don't believe in the value of individual human life, only in the value of humanity as a whole.
The majority of africa (in terms of population) has been agrarian for some time now.
Help yourself to any other resource.
What is happening to our world?
There is already more than enough food for all 6 billion people.
Something we can agree on.
So, let me ask you this: do you think you could work if you were never able to get enough food to fill your stomach?
What if your government makes money off the resources of Zimbabwe?
Or how much time did you put in working to feed them?
Or does Haiti just not have enough land to supply its population with food?
I still say Locke was a sweetheart.
We need to start teaching these people to stop having so many kids instead of supporting their growing population with our donations.
The difference is that I am in a situation where my reality is obvious...  yours less so.
You know where i was born?
American lives are more important than other people's lives you know.
Allow me to explain what's really going on.
If so, that would seem to be the most basic problem.
But it's not quite so simple as that in many poor societies.
Should social darwinism also apply in this case and these people should be allowed to "die off"?
If the society cant survive on its own then it should be allowed to die, ireland managed without the UN giving them food.
I'm hoping someone can explain: In places where hunger is a problem, why don't most people become farmers?
Do they not have one person there that cares enough to do something like this?
They had a bit more time than most to develope their culture.
But without food none of us can function.
I don't exactly see what you're talking about.
If it were only that simple.
In poor agrarian societies for example, it is believed that the more children you have, the more hands you have to work the land.
There's enough blame to go around without making up stupid reasons.
Let us assume that every human life has some value, though.
It's still plenty, even for someone who eats a whole lot like me.
When theories of human nature only apply to a subset, **it is not human nature, it is a failure of that subset**.
We all need the internet to sustain!
There is value in letting nature take its course.
I honestly don't believe I would be helping humanity.
No one ever wants to solve the rest of the problem...
I got no work done at all today!

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.83
