Original Response:
Won't help you. You can't get them back through customs.
[deleted]
&gt; who has this girl with Down Syndrome
  
Aw man, I knew there was a catch, $50 was way too cheap.
It's very hard for me to understand how someone can see this going on and do nothing to help. A little girl with Down syndrome! Come on! How can you leave her in this situation if you had the chance to "free" her?! I understand why he did it, but I cannot understand how he was able to just walk away.

Humanity sucks.
You'd think NPR would know the difference between a [principal](http://www.answers.com/principal) and a [principle](http://www.answers.com/principle)...
Why would you want one.
[deleted]
Because by buying a slave to set them free, he would be making the problem worse. The slave traders would be making a profit, which would do more harm than good in the long run. The only way to stop the slave trade is to make sure it is not a profitable business.
[deleted]
"It's one thing when you are planning an effort like this, this is a work of journalism — I'm not going to interfere with my subjects. It's another thing when you are in an underground brothel in Bucharest, who has this girl with Down Syndrome, who you know is undergoing rape several times a day. When this girl is offered to me in trade for a used car ... I walk away ... it's not an easy thing to do," he says.

Read it properly before you comment.
Slaves are still "those that are forced to work under threat of violence for no pay beyond sustenance."

Aren't we all slaves to some extent?
Sure, when violence is a stern talking to and sustenance is a nice juicy steak and a beer at a bar &amp; grill.
We have to remember that no matter how stupid  OUR world seems to be, and how horrible we act, there are other countries that are dealing with much worse. We are used to having great things around us, and countries such as Haiti are not. It wouldn't be surprising to find that some of the people being sold into slavery to come to the places we live would be better off than if they stayed where they were. It's sad to say, but the world is much more fucked up than most are prepared to admit to themselves.
That far downplays the situation slaves are put in. We aren't slaves. We work to live in an economy based (and yes, it is still based...) on trade. If you can make a farm and plant your own food, more power to you.
Some would argue that most of us are [wage slaves](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wage_slavery). But that's entirely different from being actual slaves.
Now that you know this is happening, you too could do something about it. You could sell your house, sell your car, cash in any shares you own, and head for Haiti with a great big wad of cash. How many slaves could you buy and set free with that money?

But you won't, will you? Yet you think the reporter should do it just because it's in front of him rather than 5 hours away.
Awesome!
seriously, they should be paying YOU 50 to take her off their hands
just traded my Ipod for 10 slaves.
I ran the previous comment through an XML validator and I had a missing &lt;/sarcasm&gt; tag, so here it is:  
&lt;/sarcasm&gt;
Ahaha idiot.
What would you have done, buy her?  Is that good enough?  The slaver isn't going to stop.  How many more children would he abuse in the future?  The only honourable action he could take was to kill the slaver.
She hot?
[deleted]
Well I hope you realize that this isn't just a problem in other countries. We have slavery right here in America and Europe as well. People are kidnapped all the time and forced to perform sexual services.
Can those be patched without a lot of hassle?
Mr. Schindler faced a similar dilemma.
Awesome, now you can train them into an a capella choir and they can sing all your songs to you!
Skinner explains. Slaves are still "those that are forced to work under threat of violence for no pay beyond sustenance."

In this grand ol' country thats called minimum wage. 

OUR world? or the bubble that you define as yours?
It took 15 slaves to make that Ipod. looks like you got the short end of the stick.
I think you got ripped off.
You buy her...what then?  That girl that he did free could go to school and hope to live a productive life someday.  I've known a few people with Downs syndrome, autism, and other severe forms of disability over the years.  It's not that they can't be happy and have good lives but it takes a lot of work by others to keep up a standard of living for someone like that.  It's a lot of work as I'm sure any parent with a child like this will tell you.  "Freeing" her may just put her on the street to die - not much better off then, is she?
To even say that is a slap in the face to actual slaves.
1. He would be paying the slave traders, and just prolonging the problem.

2. How many can he save? He can't buy all the children on the island, and if he could, what would he do with them? He couldn't take them home with him; aside from the legal problems, how would he house and feed them?

Writing a book and making this known will ultimately help more people, I hope.
Here's a great expanded article by the same author on the subject. It's firewalled, but worth a read:

http://foreignpolicy.com/story/cms.php?story_id=4173
Great idea,  however:  here you are,  in haiti,  having spent all your dough,  proud owner of,  say,  a hundred slaves or two.  What is it that you do next then?  oh yes,  I know,  you *free* them.  Good for you.  Then what?  how long do you reckon they'll remain 'free' (as in, still poor beyond anything you can imagine) before being back to square one?  one day? two?
[deleted]
Revolting.  This is a huge issue and should be addressed by all decent people.  They are taking innocent young girls out of eastern Euro countries ,too, and selling them- though the price is $8,000-$10,000, not $50.  Price racism!  Shows you racist values of human beings, even! VIDEO
http://podblanc.com/index.php?q=node/13331
Good point.  But the line "At one point, he did violate his principal" is pretty amusing.  That would probably get a student expelled!
I couldn't really get off on it. I don't have a fetish for, uh, human suffering.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sex?
Negroes don't have a good work ethic. They're not healthy either. Bad investment.
If you consider minimum wage to be slavery, be glad you're as sheltered as you are.
This has been going on for all of human history.
Very true... it's mainly the widespread and open nature of it, as described in the article that I'm referring to of course, but it is always going to be possible in a world ruled by human nature (which inherently includes greed) for slavery to thrive --- no matter where you are.
&gt; Your slave will come in any color you like, as Henry Ford said, as long as it's black.

Here's a classy writer
I was unaware that Bush invented slavery.
What the shit is that crap you're linking to?
what if two wants a slave?
Of course it wouldn't validate...&lt;sarcasm&gt; is only a part of OOXML. It wraps around the spec description.
Read the article - the reporter did just this on one occasion. You don't need to take full responsibility for these children all their lives - support structures do exist through NGOs, as do parents, once that first hurdle has been breeched.

"At one point, he did violate his principal — helping a mother free her daughter from slavery. He says he does not regret his decision, however, and continues to track her progress through a local NGO in Haiti. She's now in school, he says, and wrote him a letter over Christmas."

All it takes is time, effort, and of course money, on the part of the person making that initial endeavor. Enough of the "It won't work because crap"...
...by taxing it?

Don't get me wrong, you make a good point, I'm just not sure where you're going with the "making sure it's not profitable" thing.

How exactly do you do that? Capitalist price wars? Do we put Wal*Mart in that business, then watch the entire industry slowly fade away because the "little guys" can't compete?
On the flip side, all it takes is $50 and a plane ticket to Haiti to free a child from the threat of slavery.

Volunteers?
can she code?
a link to a nazi white power site gets upmodded. how telling
some nazi white power crap about how
gays, black and israel destroy the decent white folk
It was mostly a rhetorical question. A more proper question would be what on earth it's doing on Reddit?
By reducing demand any way possible. That means educating people and forcing the governments of these countries to prosecute everyone involved. I don't think it's possible to wipe it out completely anytime soon though.

But my main point is that it might be tempting to try and buy all the slaves you can, but that only exacerbates the situation.
Author looks like a male model.
I'm going to hell for laughing at that joke.  But it was worth it.
If he stops and try to free every slave he ever meets, that's all he will be doing.  I doubt he will have much time or resources left to finish his book.

In a way, writing this book is more important than freeing any one individual slave.  This book will bring more world attention to the problem, which may bring about a systemic solution.
Yeah no kidding. $50 to free a child from slavery.... where are the charities on this one?
Sex nuthin’ your dick would drop off, check the report that sixty percent of African girls in the US are poxed up to the eyeballs.

With white girls it's around twenty five percent.

In 2000 the BBC Horizon team produced a docco re the slaves in the chocolate plantations in West Africa.

They are recruited in neighboring countries, they showed a Catalyst Recruitment storefront in the nation of Togo, there young men are asked to sign up to work for wages in other West African states. When they got to the place of work, they had a job, but were not paid, recalcitrance was rewarded with floggings, one showed marks of repeated abuse, new flog marks over old ones.

The boss slave demonstrated his flogging technique for the cameras, he removed his belt and went to work on the body of the other. When recalcitrance persisted and became truculence, so too did the floggings increase, and when truculence hardened to intractability one slave had been led into the jungle never to be seen again. One wondered if he was sold to cannibals.

The slave holder a native of the Ivory Coast, was quite candid and told the reporter he paid thirty dollars each for them.

They were mostly young, none more than about sixteen, when the docco team went with them to see what work they did, they were goofing off and wantonly destroyed a number of chocolate fruits, between three of them they harvested about half a bag of chocolates in the time a paid employee at union rates would have filled a bin.

They were housed in a barracoon, that had slats across the floor for defecation and pissing, their demeanor suggested that there was plenty of pesterin’ and pleasurin’ among the boys, as well.

It appears they were only in the plantations for a short time, to separate the true slave mentality from those who were likely to rebel, thereafter they were sold to various warlords to be soldiers, on behalf of the diamond wars for instance.

Thats the African way, so it is no surprise the Haitians have a slave market, pretty soon they would open one up in Oklahoma if they got the chance.

Thank God for the white man, oh what a terrible example of ingratitude, the African American slave mentality that was the result of their ancestors being taken in as refugees from a similar fate. 

Don’t let anyone tell ya the Africans were bought as slaves, all a ship had to do was anchor anywhere in the Congo delta and they would swarm aboard, a situation that continues to this day. Similarly check the testimony from the King of Dahomey, he told Henry Morton Stanley in 1870, that every person in the entire Congo basin over the age of four years regularly ate human flesh.

The victims, convicted of crimes that ranged from hooliganism to casting their eyes upon the King, were auctioned in the marketplaces a piece at a time, customers buying a leg, or the liver, or the head then receiving a token, when the entire body was sold the victim was dispatched and the tokens exchanged for his body parts.

When a fancy was to hit the block, foreigners were allowed to bid, as long as the felon they bought was going to leave the country. That’s how the Afros got to America.
A+++ WOULD READ AGAIN
&gt;he did violate his principal

Maybe he ass-raped the slave trader.
&gt; [CarlH](http://reddit.com/user/CarlH/) 1 point 23 minutes ago [-]

&gt; Yeah no kidding. $50 to free a child from slavery.... where are the charities on this one?

Most charities (as well as intelligent people) likely have an aversion to encouraging slave trade by boosting demand.
For free? You would think white people cost more.
The "slaves" are forced into "slavery" because they cannot support themselves with skill -- their only commodity is their labour. Once that money dries up, they'll go back to their honest work. This is why welfare never works.
buy a slave and impregnate it
Richest *French colony*.
So buy a slave on the street for $50 and then what? I don't understand. Are you supposed to pack that person into your suitcase and take her/him back to your country?
[deleted]
This is the Reddit/Haiti dilemma.  Those who want sex can't get it and those who want to be lazy white programmers who spend all their time on the internet are forced into non-stop sexual servitude.
I am all for "boosting the demand" when the "target market" are those who are paying to free the kids, not to enslave them. 

In such a scenario, there is no boost in demand for child slaves, as you seem to suggest.

I really, really hate to speak of this in terms of marketing, product, demand, etc -- but that said... 

If a store sells a particular type of merchandise, it does not care what you do with it once you buy it. To the monsters selling these kids into slavery, it makes them no difference if you buy a kid to save them from slavery. 

Further, if they know that a particular type of "customer" buys from them the most (Yeah I hate the way this sounds), they will adjust their "marketing" etc to reach those people (in this case, those to free the kids -- and yes I am aware of how this sounds, but I am trying my best here). 

Consequently, "marketing" to the other group "those buying to enslave the kids" goes down since most of the money is being made in the first group, and since the children being saved are being removed from the slave trade altogether.

Simply put, if there were enough people trying to buy the kids OUT of slavery -- then there would be less "opportunity" for those monsters who would buy them enslave them.
You free her, you are supporting the market. Not only are you making the slavers richer,  they will just capture and sell some more (if 20 people want slaves, and they have 20 in stock, then when you free one, they will just one more so they are back up to 20).
"No officer, the mother ran off when she was pregnant and it took me nine years to find my daughter!"
&gt; Negroes don't have a good work ethic.

Treat them like shit and they're not going to be very inclined to work hard. I know *I* wouldn't, if I was a slave. I would do the bare minimum necessary while plotting my escape.


&gt; They're not healthy either.

That's why you have to feed them.

&gt; Bad investment.

Slavery? It's not a bad investment, it's a *bad idea*.
No, the slave goes to the luggage compartment and is paid by the pound. You can also mail him/her.
If you treat them like royalty, they'll get fat and lazy. If we just free them, they will be lounging around in the ghetto collecting welfare checks and breeding. If you can't get labour out of them, they've little worth except for organ collection.
Wha?... Oh! You're a *troll*! That'll larn me to not read usernames when responding...
Everything I said is true, especially of developed countries where everyone is "free".
No, I am against slavery. I will tag them and release them into the wild.
All I am saying is that I would have a really hard time being in his shoes and being able to walk away. As I said, I do understand the WHY he did everything, but I could not just walk away. I guess that is why I am not a journalist!
Is your IQ above 50?

Or did you perhaps dictate but not read your above post?
Yeah, I'd have trouble doing that too...
That's not necessarily true. A multi-pronged approach to controlling slavery might include boosting demand. If supply can be kept stable (which is not an unreasonable thing to assume here) an increase in demand would be appropriate. It would price many out of the market, which is a good thing. It would also make slave ownership more expensive, which might make life easier for those slaves purchased (I might be wrong, but overall, I'd bet that a $5000 slave is treated much better than a "more disposible" $50 slave.)

There was a [splendid article in the Economist](http://www.economist.com/science/displaystory.cfm?story_id=10807694) a week or two ago about the trade of exotic animals. It's not entirely parallel, but one of the main points is that conservation groups are coming around to the fact that conservation efforts are often more successful if they just deal with controlled demand. 

Having charities rescue people from slavery by purchasing them would be an excellent version of controlled demand.
Why would you assume that supply would not increase if price increased? If slaves become more valuable it becomes more profitable to acquire children for trade or to sell an unwanted child.
I am trying to respond to a post saying that buying kids out of slavery has the effect of: ".. encouraging slave trade by boosting demand"

Do you have any idea how difficult it is to form any type of coherent response to such a thing? We are speaking of human beings here, and using terms like "demand" when speaking of human beings being treated like property is tough to say the least. Consequently, any chance of forming a response that sounds half way sane is gone.

I am trying, in the best way I can, to express that there is perhaps a way to save these kids from slavery by buying them out of slavery. I am also stating that doing so does not in any way provide some sort of "boost in demand" that would encourage more slave trade, since the kids saved are being removed altogether from the "slave trade industry".
If they're free, why do I have to pay $50 for one?

(See? I too can play this game!)
Unlike drugs, I think there are natural reasons for why it would be extremely difficult to increase the supply of humans. A coca tree is one thing, but a human is easy to track.
yeah let's get rid of welfare and just enslave the poor!  Excellent idea!
Naw, i'm all for slavery.  But I'd want some nice juicy white slaves.
How come no one ever wants Japanese slaves?
hmm.  I'd give em a try.  I'm not that fussy.
What if mothers start having children for the sole purpose of selling them into slavery, if demand is high enough?
I think that would be, overall, rare. I also think that a mother capable of selling her own child for a high price could do it for a rather low price. And finally, while it is possible to hide that sorta thing, I imagine it's enormously difficult.
[deleted]
Allowing is not the same as inventing.
[deleted]
Yes, but you implied that Bush had somehow created or otherwise helped to create slavery in Haiti.  Small hint:  He didn't.
[deleted]
For the second time, your reply is utterly incoherent and fails, even upon the most cursory examination, to be internally consistent.

A willing buyer to a slave, to the slaver, is indicative of demand.  By purchasing a child, you are raising demand for child slaves.

If you think the slaver gives a shit whether you will set the child free in your local zoo, or exploit him/her for the rest of your life... you are probably under 12 years of age.

YOU

CANNOT

BUY

A

SLAVE

WITHOUT

RAISING

THE

PERCEIVED

DEMAND

FOR

SLAVES

THEREBY

ENCOURAGING

MORE

SLAVING

!!!
&gt; If you think the slaver gives a shit whether you will set the child free in your local zoo, or exploit him/her for the rest of your life... 

No where did I imply this. I know that.

But let me ask you a question, if one buys the freedom of slave, its one life saved -- why not then do it? Why not have a charity spend $10,000 to buy --- well, a ton of slaves, saving those lives? 

If your argument is that doing so would cause there to be more slaves, I would say that those people were likely to become slaves anyways. 

Oh and by the way --- show some respect. I have been polite and respectful to you in this conversation, and you don't need to insult my intelligent by saying I must be under 12 years old. I am trying to have an intelligent conversation with you about some ways that this problem can be addressed.

If my idea is fundamentally flawed, then so be it --- but at least I am trying to think of ways to help.
&gt; If my idea is fundamentally flawed, then so be it --- but at least I am trying to think of ways to help.

Yes, your idea is fundamentally flawed.  And so is your fanciful concept that your flawed idea is somehow redeemed by your good intentions.

Encouraging slavery is wrong, and doing it with good intentions is idiotic.

Summary:
No, I am against slavery.
$50 to free a child from slavery.... where are the charities on this one?
If they're free, why do I have to pay $50 for one?
I know *I* wouldn't, if I was a slave.
Why would you want one.
oh yes,  I know,  you *free* them.
what if two wants a slave?
It would price many out of the market, which is a good thing.
How many slaves could you buy and set free with that money?
buy a slave and impregnate it.
If my idea is fundamentally flawed, then so be it --- but at least I am trying to think of ways to help.
&gt; If my idea is fundamentally flawed, then so be it --- but at least I am trying to think of ways to help.
Because by buying a slave to set them free, he would be making the problem worse.
You free her, you are supporting the market.
You would think white people cost more.
I am all for "boosting the demand" when the "target market" are those who are paying to free the kids, not to enslave them.
I walk away ... it's not an easy thing to do," he says.
I think that would be, overall, rare.
The only way to stop the slave trade is to make sure it is not a profitable business.
I am trying, in the best way I can, to express that there is perhaps a way to save these kids from slavery by buying them out of slavery.
He can't buy all the children on the island, and if he could, what would he do with them?
But that's entirely different from being actual slaves.
He would be paying the slave traders, and just prolonging the problem.
I think you got ripped off.
So buy a slave on the street for $50 and then what?
I couldn't really get off on it.
What would you have done, buy her?
It's a lot of work as I'm sure any parent with a child like this will tell you.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.20
