Original Response:
This is not world news. Why do people keep doing this?

This is a very real situation in California and I am happy to read an article about it, but put it in a proper subreddit.
Noone of course cares about working class homelessness..
It's a sign of the terminal decline of America.
&gt; She said that three-quarters of her income went to paying rent in Santa Barbara

You're doing it wrong
Aaaaaand... she's in a fucking SUV...
very sad story.

we are witnessing the results of poor education, a declining economy, and no common sense.  

If you cannot afford to live in Santa Barbara, move somewhere cheaper.  How hard is that?  If she drives north for 10 hours she can probably find a place that costs 1/4 what she is paying now.
Don't they have YMCA's in Santa Barbra?

Also, if you live in an area that is beyond your socio-economic range. you might want to consider moving to a cheaper area...Or perhaps take Econ 101...
I would hardly call a Honda CRV a SUV, it's based on a car(Civic) chassis and gets decent mileage.

But back to the topic, the big issue I have with these sob articles is the lack of background information. I'm sure she made very good money pushing toxic loans during the housing boom. Where did all that money go, did she not save a dime of it? Did she take out a toxic loan herself to buy that condo and when it readjusted she couldn't afford the payments anymore?

I bet you this lady was easily making over $100,000 a year suckering illegal immigrants into taking out half a million dollar mortgages. Of course she didn't save a dime of it, and when times got lean she was SOL. 

This lady is 67 for crying out loud, you would think she would have some sort of nest egg for retirement.
Why is someone who can't afford proper shelter considered a member of the economic middle-class?
Is this how [Hoovervilles](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hooverville) get started?
Yeah, seriously. When you dedicate 3/4 of your income to ANYTHING, you're doing it wrong.

I feel for her.....but she was walking on thin-ice already.
Apartment rental agencies are generally looking for a ton of independent contracting work right now.  Cleaning, painting, minor repair jobs...  It's a way to make some money and, if desperate, you can work all night in the vacant apartments where the water and electricity are on, if you know what I'm sayin'.  If you show that you can work, those folks are sometimes more than willing to barter for an apartment.  You clean the commons and any vacancies, get almost free apartment.
yup
that's what the ghettoes are for
Glad to see her grown up kids care so much about her. I mean seriously, she got herself in this mess, but it takes some cold hearted kids to leave their mother sleeping in a car.
Having a dog or a cat is fine but living in a car with two large dogs can be a sign that you don't have all your ducks in a row.
Because she's living in her Honda Pilot and not on a park bench.
This is retarded.

First off, I'm not going to cry for you because you can't afford to live someplace where the median home price is $1 million. If the rent in an area is too expensive, go somewhere else.

Secondly.  Where the fuck are her kids?  Seriously, she's 67 years old and she's got three grown kids and none of them have so much as a spare couch for her?  You're sleeping in your car.  It's time to swallow your pride and ask for help.

Anyway, this article is bullshit.  She's not "forced to live in her car."  She made bad decision after bad decision and is continuing to make bad decisions.

FTA:
"Her other children live overseas, and she didn't want to tell them about her living status."  

Again:  YOU'RE SLEEPING IN YOUR CAR.  Stop being a stubborn old bitch and ask for help.
[deleted]
&gt;"Don't they have YMCA's in Santa Barbra?"

you haven't lived in Santa Barbra very long have you? The people that live there make sure there are no cheaper alternative housing.
No, this is how dumbassvilles get started.
Yes. And it will get a lot worse.
I thought the U.S. was in the world. Is it not?
It's not f'n middle class if they can't afford a place to live.  That's called poverty.
Because the demographic so-named has maintained a nominally similar salary range over the years.  That it is worth drastically less in the present is beside the point, I think we're supposed to accept.
Same thing. It'd be like if we called Iraqi refugee camps "Dubyaville".
How is someone who makes 8 bucks an hour consider affluent?
[deleted]
[deleted]
She makes $8 an hour, which is California's minimum wage. If you are making minimum wage, you are not middle class. She's poor, but she hasn't come to terms with it yet.
unless that 75% is spent on wine, women, and song.

Then the rest is just wasted.
no shit

for over 20 years Americans have been relying on "credit" (a nice word that means "debt") to provide for their keeping-up-with-the-jones' lifestyle.

so what do you think is gonna happen when the magical credit ATM stops spitting out money?
College (UCSB) students manage to live in apartments just ten miles northwest of where she is, in Isla Vista and Goleta. There _is_ cheap housing in/around Santa Barbara.
[deleted]
If they're living on the streets they can't be be called middle class can they?
I've never heard of this expression "ducks in a row". Did you just make that up?
And she was a _loan officer_.  Jeez, you'd think she'd have some concept of handling money.
When I was sixteen, I booked myself in at the YWCA. I liked it and wanted to stay, but they didn't have vacancies for back scrubbers at all.
no one is forcing this woman to do anything.  she's living the result of many self-made poor decisions.
Just because you haven't heard of it doesn't mean it didn't [already exist.](http://grahams-random-ramblings.blogspot.com/2007/10/ducks-in-row-origin-and-meaning.html)
&gt;It is illegal for people in California to sleep in their cars on streets.

WTF?
You mean to tell me rent in Santa Barbara is expensive?  No fucking way.
Santa Barbara is the wrong place to live if you don't have a lot of money. OTOH, I have a friend who does this but earns a lot of money as and engineer and lives in a truck. They also have two large dogs.
&gt;Her other children live overseas, and she didn't want to tell them about her living status.  

So basically, she didn't ask them for help.
I'm sorry; I know how people feel about their pets, and I know what happens to animals sent to a shelter, but keeping 2 large dogs, or 4 cats, in a car all day is inhumane, especially in hot weather.  The ASPCA should take away these people's pets if they're living in a car; a person needs to get their own life in order before they should take on any pets.
I have a message for this woman: You are not middle class you are poor.

The living in your car should have clued you in to your newfound poverty, as should the part time near minimum wage job.

The fact that you used to be middle class does not change the fact that you are now poor.
It's hard hard work maintaining a large middle class.  Sometimes you have to fudge a bit.
I believe it is illegal in most places in the US.

However it is often not very strongly enforced.
Smells like bullshit.
I would disagree.  Try sleeping in your car in any town in the US and I'll bet you get rousted by cops pretty quickly.
So she burned her bridges with her kids?  What's so unusual about that?
The credit fairy bails you out?
Why on earth would you stay in that area?  Swallow your Santa Barbara pride and move somewhere else.  When I was in college, I paid $275 a month for an apartment.  It's out there.
Valid point, my friend.
What pisses me off the fucking most is that while these people sleep in cars, HOUSES ARE SITTING EMPTY. Do you think anyone is moving in to all these foreclosures? People are in the streets while perfectly fine houses ROT.

FUCK MONEY.
1/4 of nothing is still nothing.
Also, it's really really easy for all you high school and college kids still sucking on mama's tit to make brash judgments about how much of a fuckup this woman is. Many of you are horribly judgmental about something you know nothing about.
No no no, what you gotta do is stop using that common sense of yours, only terrorist use that...
...unless its a savings or retirement account
I actually did so for six weeks or so years ago one block from a police station and was never bothered by anyone, though I did avoid attention. 

I did not, however, do it long enough to know how lucky I was.  I also did it in a city rather than in the suburbs.  Generally suburbs enforce such laws more strongly.  

I also know that five or so blocks from where I was sleeping there were a couple people obviously living in vans who apparently were not being constantly rousted (they were there for months on end).


PS: 
I had an apartment lined up, but it wasn't available quite yet, and it was summer, so I figured to get an interesting life experience.  Result: as a single male for a month or two during nice weather with easy access to a shower, partial kitchen at work, no rent=lots of spending money, and the knowledge I could crash with friends or family if I really wanted to it isn't bad at all.
both the lady in this article and your friend that lives in a truck...  I have the utmost of respect for them, due to them maintaining their responsibility of their dogs.

I read a story the other day about a family who lost their home, dropped their dogs at the pound, got a new apartment and then went and got two new dogs.

These are the people who deserve the very worst that life can hand them.  The ones who keep their commitment to their animals - I would be glad to do something to help.
but these aren't people taking on new pets - they are merely maintaining their already existing obligation to their existing pets.

With mindsets of those who advocate dumping their pets, I wonder how many would dump kids in the same situation...  if they thought they could get away with it.
In the same situation, I have no doubt that Health and Human Services (or some other similar government entity) would come take their children.
she has shitty kids who won't help their mother
Why do white people like animals so much?
I bet someone could make a mint buying a plot of land and then buying up old rv's and travel trailers, sticking them on pads and renting them out cheap. Poor man's trailer park. I actually saw something like this the other day.
It's really not that hard. Dogs sleep most of the time anyway and she just goes out at lunch and takes them for a walk.
How long ago were you in college?  I live in Utah and I wouldn't be able to afford an apartment for that much unless I had roomates.
you have poor reading comprehension skills.
Oh I could totally see that happening. How valuable is a 10mpg SUV when gas is $10+ a gallon? Hummer shanty towns.
Oh this must be the place for down on luck homosapien bashing
FTFA

&gt; "My daughter especially is very unhappy. Sometimes she'll cry, and she'll call and say, 'Mom, I just can't stand it that you are living in a car,' " Harvey said. "I'll say, 'You know what? This is OK for right now, because I'm safe, I'm healthy, the dogs are doing OK, and I have a job, and things will get better.' " 

Now that's some callous children she done raised there. Getting all sniffly and sad and wanting to change it...

What were you saying? Which kids were cold hearted? The ones crying or the ones who don't know?
sad that there's probably many more like her
&gt; Where the fuck are her kids? Seriously, she's 67 years old and she's got three grown kids and none of them have so much as a spare couch for her? You're sleeping in your car. It's time to swallow your pride and ask for help.

One of her kids is 19 and had to move in with friends to avoid homelessness. The other two, as you mentioned, live oversees and don't know. The 19 year old is clearly upset and wants to help, but she's 19 and doesn't have a place of her own and her mother refuses help in any case.
I did this for a week or so, too, many year's ago. Managed to arrange everything inside the car so I could lay my camping mattress out fully - so it was quite comfy. Found a hidden lay-by on a nice little river about twenty miles out of town. Really enjoyed it. Bathing in recent ice-melt every morning really adds some zest to your day! Was almost a little disappointed when I found accommodation.

After that experience I made a folding platform that rested on dash and back seat, supported by reclined passenger seat and a few supports to the floor of car. It worked great! Could stretch out fully. On any road trip could turn my little Geo Metro into a mini rv!
This lady is a total idiot. She works, making 8 dollars and hour, and gets social security. It's not the lap of luxury, but her living conditions are a direct result of her own stubbornness. 

Where I live right now, student apartments can be easily be had for 300/month per person. It's not necessarily luxurious, but it is a decent place to live and a roof over your head. 

She's not making great money, she could make the same amount at any crap retail/wal-mart type job. Social security is independent of location. Her kids are overseas, she really has no reason to remain where she is.

It's really that simple. The market you lived in became to expensive. It sucks, but it's life. Sure there are downsides to leaving friends behind and adjusting to a new place, but be realistic, she's sleeping in a damn car. She has no one to blame but herself.
http://stuffwhitepeoplelike.wordpress.com/2008/02/04/53-dogs/
[deleted]
I live in Santa Barbara, and if she was paying 3/4 of her income as rent for a condo, then she didn't make that much and/or was living *way* beyond her means.

While the cheapest houses really do sell for $500K, the rents are, like everywhere else in housing-bubble centers, way less than a mortgage would be. You can rent an $800K house for $2000 a month.

You can totally get a small apartment for &lt; $1000, or shared housing for even less.

It might be tough with two large dogs, but I know someone who has a dog and three cats who rents a small place downtown for a reasonable amount.
White people like to "OWN" people, place and things.......
I get what you're saying and I agree, but that doesn't change the fact that a person living alone is not likely to find housing for $275/mo unless it's in some really rural area or something.  

I live in student housing as well, and really feel like I've lucked out because it's cheaper than other apartments in the area and includes utilities and the like, but if I was unmarried I'd only pay slightly less and would be required to shell out thousands of dollars on a meal plan for food that isn't very good, from what I hear.
It's called "The New American Middle Class".
Bingo.  Everyone wants to be considered "middle class."  That's why we invent things like "lower middle class," which is a euphemism for poor, and "upper middle class" which similarly means rich.  I don't care who you are, if you make $100K/year, you're rich, not middle class.
Could one get a hummer at such mentioned shanty towns?
&gt;This lady is 67 for crying out loud, you would think she would have some sort of nest egg for retirement.

The same could be said about many baby boomers.  Just imagine what happens when they start "retiring" en masse.  Not to mention boomers trying to liquidate their assets at once...
There's rumors where I work that someone secretly lived there for a few months.

It would actually be pretty easy, considering we have showers.  All you would really need to do is get an air mattress or a cot for sleeping (supposedly the guy slept on a couch).
The free market is the answer to everything!
100k is definately not rich. At least not if you live anywhere near a metropolitan area.
[deleted]
[deleted]
i can't believe you approve of either of those cruel measures....
Rather than a child or pet roasting away in a car for 8 hours?  Yes, yes I do approve of government services taking them away from their parents or owners.

Summary:
You're sleeping in your car.
She's not "forced to live in her car."
It's really not that hard.
It's not f'n middle class if they can't afford a place to live.
Santa Barbara is the wrong place to live if you don't have a lot of money.
It's called "The New American Middle Class".
The people that live there make sure there are no cheaper alternative housing.
Where the fuck are her kids?
If they're living on the streets they can't be be called middle class can they?
If you are making minimum wage, you are not middle class.
I have a message for this woman: You are not middle class you are poor.
I don't care who you are, if you make $100K/year, you're rich, not middle class.
I did this for a week or so, too, many year's ago.
The other two, as you mentioned, live oversees and don't know.
The ones crying or the ones who don't know?
both the lady in this article and your friend that lives in a truck...
She made bad decision after bad decision and is continuing to make bad decisions.
I believe it is illegal in most places in the US.
She works, making 8 dollars and hour, and gets social security.
You mean to tell me rent in Santa Barbara is expensive?
&gt; Where the fuck are her kids?
you haven't lived in Santa Barbra very long have you?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.14
