Original Response:
I lol'd
How are they going to give it up? They've thoroughly settled the area.
Does not compute.
The number of settlers in the GH is not huge.
[deleted]
idiots with their fucking biblical prophecies
The Ha'aretz article says that Carter says the big barrier to negotiations is that Olmert wants their existence to be secret, and Assad wants them to be publicized. Is Olmert afraid of internal political fallout?

Likud was quoted as disagreeing vehemently with Olmert. They cited the need to keep water resources, and the Golan's strategic importance.

Source: http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/977332.html
Wait! I boycotted ABC, didn't I?  I can't read that article, dammit!
How about they GTFO of Palistine while their at it?
seems like a bad deal for israel if you ask me. The Golan is key to protecting water resources, just look at any map.
That would be the dumbest thing israel could do, and they would never do it. Golan Heights is to important militarily to give up. Besides every time israel gives back land, israel benefits nothing. They gave back gaza and continued to get rocket attacks, they gave back land to lebanon and hezbollah starts a war by kidnapping soldiers on israeli soil. Looking back historically, the only time giving back land worked was with egypt, even still...there peace was bought with lots of US dollaz. If you were in Israel's position, would you give back an important military location to a neighbour that has a history of attacking you and providing aid to hezbollah to attack you? well, YOU probably would because you are a holier than thou redditor...but for those that value their lives - that's a no.
It depends on what 'protecting water resources' means. 

If it means "taking the Syrians' water" you're right. If it means "ensuring Israel's share of runoff per international law" then something could be worked out, as with Jordan.

The ostensible reason for the seizure of the Golan is self defense. Once one starts talking about water, one begins to sound like the Israelis simply want the Arabs' booty.
GTFO of what?
Yes, Olmert rules solely by his majority coalition, which includes the religious fanatic extremist Shas party.  Olmert cannot sit down with Hamas, despite the majority of Israelis wanting him to, because Shas would bolt and bring down Olmert's government.

Basically, we're witnessing a policy of appeasement of the tiny minority fanatic elements in the Isreali government, which has to proceed slowly and behind the scenes.

This may be why a bunch of Israeli spies in the US have just been outed, to weaken the minority Likudnik extremists who have been the tail wagging the dog of both our countries.
Israel is doing the same thing in Gaza, by extending the fingers of "settlements"/colonies through Gaza, Israel gets access to Gazan water resources.

And by "gets access" I mean steals.
Said by a true Likudnik.  You should be aware your thinking is not shared by the vast majority of Israelis, so by definition you are anti-Israel.
I assume you mean 'West Bank' instead of Gaza.

Yes, the locations of the settlements is correlated with accessible aquifers. 

Most West Bank water goes to the Israelis: http://www.mideastweb.org/westbankwater.htm
Oh right, I was confusing West Bank water resources with the Gazan offshore natural gas reserves, both natural resources Israel wants to steal or is stealing.
The Golan is a very valuable piece of land for Israel's self defense. There are military posts built up there that have a 100 mile view 360 degrees.
Palistine...
Sure. But most putative deals involve demilitarization of the Golan. And Syria is vastly outgunned by Israel.

[According to Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Dayan, Israel seized the Golan mainly because it wanted the quality farmland](http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9B06E4D91239F932A25756C0A961958260).
The only reason their being attacked is BECAUSE they have anexed that land...

The violence they recieve is totaly justified.
Give *up*? isn't that Give *Back*?
Your is to Their as You're is to They're.

You want "they're" there.

And it's Palestine, not Palistine.
If that were the case then they wouldn't have been attacked before that land was annexed.  Since they were frequently attacked from the Golan Heights before they captured it in the 1967 war, I find your logic to be flawed.
&gt; seems like a bad deal for israel if you ask me. The Golan is key to protecting water resources, just look at any map.

Your point being?
You seem to be missing the bigger picture. Israel can give up the Golan Heights if it means long-term peace with Syria; the main point of the occupation of that area has been to force Syria to the negotiating table on Israel's terms - which is an understanding between the two countries of their mutual right to existence. Syria is a signatory to the Arab Peace Plan, which includes a recognition of Israel, and in the current climate Syria would never consider war against Israel.

If this happens, this is a good move for Israel, as it removes another of their neighbours from the list of avowed opposition. I hope it goes forward, but I imagine that Israel will simply want to take the acceptance of their right to exist from Syria then engage in negotiation to determine the final status rights of the area. As is their right. They are moving from a position of strength after all.

Israel should do this; Syria are well beaten right now, and they know it. I only hope that Israel agrees to definite concessions to secure the peace. It is just divide and conquer writ large.
Wanna tell us about it? Like, what kinda place it is?
1967 was 40 years ago. Israel and Syria and poles apart in terms of their abilities to make war now. Better for Israel to secure peace with another neighbor (like Egypt before them) than to keep fighting an old war against an enemy whom they can vanquish easily, and who can't contemplate war against Israel.
I'm not saying they shouldn't give it back to secure peace.  If they think they can achieve a lasting peace with Syria by returning the Golan Heights and they think it's worth it, then absolutely.  I was taking issue with Mekongcola's assertion that the reason Syria attacks Israel is because they annexed the Golan Heights.  That's complete bullshit.  Anyone who takes even the most cursory glance at history realizes this.
Just so you know, the Palestinians haven't signed the Arab peace plan, which makes this a semi moot point. If the Palestinians would get their "country" in order and quit bombing stuff, and build schools instead, this peace process could be accelerated. It is always the Israeli's at the peace table, everyone just brings axes to chop it up.
I agree.
He shoots, HE SCORES !!
nice...give up land they stole....way to extend that rotten olive branch
For the hundred millionth time, [former Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Dayan said that Israel seized the Golan Heights because they wanted the farmland](http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9B06E4D91239F932A25756C0A961958260)

&gt; General Dayan interrupted: ''Never mind that. After all, I know how at least 80 percent of the clashes there started. In my opinion, more than 80 percent, but let's talk about 80 percent. It went this way: We would send a tractor to plow some area where it wasn't possible to do anything, in the demilitarized area, and knew in advance that the Syrians would start to shoot. If they didn't shoot, we would tell the tractor to advance farther, until in the end the Syrians would get annoyed and shoot. And then we would use artillery and later the air force also, and that's how it was.''

&gt; General Dayan said in his conversations with Mr. Tal that the kibbutz leaders who had urgently demanded that Israel take the Golan Heights had done so largely for the land.

&gt; ''The kibbutzim there saw land that was good for agriculture,'' he said. ''And you must remember, this was a time in which agricultural land was considered the most important and valuable thing.''

When will you idiots get this?
[deleted]
Why is state ownership of territory taken from a defeated foe in a war only bad when Israel does it?

[I mean, not many people advocate giving the southwest of the United States back to Mexico.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexican_american_war)

Go ahead, explain how it's totally not the same thing while feverishly pounding away at the little down-arrow.
Oh please, what a load of bs. What do you call Oslo? camp david? Taba? The palestinians have always been ready for negotiations while Israelis manufacture excuses constantly to derail it. The only time when they were infact serious about it was in Taba (2000-01) where barak ended up withdrawing from the negotiations, and not Arafat, who seems to get all the blame for the failure of peace in the media.

The PLO has already recognized Israel for over a decade. The arab peace plan calls for the withdrawl to 1967 borders, yet palestinian negotiators were willing to make concessions regarding large settlement blocks in the west bank. Mean while right-wingers in israel and the likud continues to pursue pro-settler agenda, and does not make any effort in making peace.
That's right, there never was a Palestine, there are no such things as Palestinians, we're the Chosen people, they're not even human... spew, vomit, belch, etc.
wrong: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/10/29/AR2006102900926.html

From the article:

"Now, for the first time, the number of Jewish settlers in Golan may soon exceed the nearly 20,000 Arab residents whose families remained here after the war. The milestone may have already been passed, Arab leaders concede, with 400 Jewish families moving into Golan each year."

"Their goal is to double the Jewish population in Golan to 40,000 within a decade"
Israel gave back the Sinai peninsula after negotiations with President Carter and (Mubarak?) They've gotten along fine all these years.
Syria was shooting at unarmed Israeli farmers on tractors?

In a *demilitarized zone?*

Fuck 'em, they chose violence and lost. Boo hoo.
Its teh lan ov mlik and hunny.
Land taken in a war for which they have no peace treaty. The nerve of Israel asking Syria to sign a peace treaty before giving back the land.
I agree with both you and dwilljo. (It is a sign of some kind of mind to be able to hold two contradictory thoughts at once without going insane.) But a bit more seriously, I think that Israel is probably worse off giving back the Golan, but if they agree to it then I would support them. I would hope that they could get some kind of de-militarized agreement though.
So Israel was attacked by Syria (and Egypt and Jordan and Saudi and Iraq) in 1948 because Israel annexed something. And Israel was attacked in 1967 because it was going to annex the Golan. And even though Israel not actually annexed the Golan it is attacked for doing so.
Sorry, but there is almost nothing factual in your post.
Huh? So if a non-American were to agree with Ron Paul they are anti-American?
What are the borders of this "Palistine"? Does it include Tel Aviv as Hamas claims?
A bunch of spies? Do you normally support this administrations claims by exaggerating them?
Most Americans do agree with a lot of what Ron Paul talks about, they just don't want him as President.  Nice try.
If you haven't noticed, Mexicans now pretty much run the southwest of the US. Next time you're out, look at who's building your roads and using your health care for free.
http://digg.com/world_news/Israeli_Spy_Case_Will_Name_More_Spies_by_CIA_Ofiicer_Giraldi

And it's well known that the US is spied on the most by Israel, with a long history of convicted spies, and current spies from AIPAC on trial.  

That's not just a bunch, thats the goddamned motherload!  So yeah, I exaggerated too small, thanks, Likud scum!

Shouldn't you go back to planning Olmert's assassination like your troup did with Rabin?
Wait until the US army collapse and you'll see if the Mexican won't take it back.
I agree with dwilljo about not getting shit in return after land give up.
Well you need to read more objective sources for your information.
Israel talks peace loves war.

http://www.israelnationalnews.com/News/Flash.aspx/145372
Whatever, it all depends which side you are own.
Sadly, peace with syria is the worst thing that israel could have. Hear me out - this is based on past behaviour of arab countries towards israel and fanatical islamic attitudes towards jews/israel. My opinion, is that this peace would be a front for the syrians - so they can keep the israelis off their back and continue to fight israel by providing aid to hezbollah. It's not secret that syria has its hands in the mix in lebanon. I agree with your point that it would be best to have more friends than enemies, and I dont necessarily agree that the occupation of the area is to put syria on the bargaining table. The point of the occupation was to maintain an important strategic military point to protect the country from attacks from its neighbours. While people contend jews have no right to be in israel...keep in mind it's a historical trend to attack jews (too rich or too poor, too clean or too dirty), so history is repeating itself. 
(side point:how long do people have to be in a place for it to not be considered occupied? "america" has been on native soil for over 200 years...are they occupiers?)  
With history in mind, do you really think that peace is possible?
No, that is wrong.  That is what the MSM makes it seem like, but it's a deliberate mischaracterization.

I am on nobody's "side."  I am a humanitarian and believe in Freedom.  I act on ethical and moral principles, not a primitive us-them team-based lizard-brain mentality.

Therefore, if I had to choose a side, I'd choose both, every time, because it's not about the side, it's about the people.
Whatever, at the end of the day, the land that was fought for, taken with hard work, is going to be given away just like that.  Security positions lost, people kicked out because of self-destructing ideals of a few.  Because the majority of population does not want to give up land unlike you think.

Think about it, land that was won, why give it back, without a fight?  THAT is what strikes me weak, and I think arabs see it like a clear day.  You give up a little of land, they are all over you even harder, history shows this is true.
digg?  no thx, some of you may know me as a raging anti-semite, but I'd click over to faux noise before I went digg, kevin rose is a little shitsucker
&gt; Syria was shooting at unarmed Israeli farmers on tractors?

In a *no-man's* zone that was to be kept evacuated under the 1948 armistice. Syria pulled out in return for Israel not pulling in, tractors or otherwise.

And the plan, before the shooting began, was to  grab the Golan from Syria. Not the DMZ, but fully Syrian land. 

That's what the Israeli Defense Minister says, at any rate.

I'm sure the right-wing freak crowd will find a way to blame this on the Syrians, though.
Farming is not a crime.
&gt; Farming is not a crime.

It wasn't farming. It was sending in a tractor to an off-limits zone. It was a mutual no-go zone. If the Syrians had gone there, you could bet the Israelis would have fired at them.

Now stealing the Golan *just to steal farmland*, that's a crime.  And that's what Dayan said the Israelis did.

&gt;General Dayan said in his conversations with Mr. Tal that *the kibbutz leaders who had urgently demanded that Israel take the Golan Heights had done so largely for the land.*

If the Syrians had tried to pull something like this off, the usual crazy-nationalist would be shitting their pants in self-righteous rage at the illegal warmongering provocation.
Spoken like a Likudnik settler.
Just because he won't return your calls after that one night he bent you over his laptop...
ON NOES! TEH SYRIANz R TRACTORING! SHOOT!

Nah. I don't see it.

Demilitarized means no SWORDS, not no PLOWSHARES.
Spoken like &lt;input here&gt;.  You know what, I speak how I think, no matter if it has to do with Israel or any country.  No country in the world would give up land to their foe unless they had no choice.
It's not their land, according to the UN.  Only in the mind of the Israeli Government.  Look into the history of this thing.
&gt; Demilitarized means no SWORDS, not no PLOWSHARES.

It wasn't merely demilitarized.  The armistice agreement left the border unsettled, so it was effectively a mon-man's land. Farming it was a unilateral declaration of ownership.

But, as Dayan said, the purpose of the incursions was not farming this sliver of land. It was to provoke a little bit of shooting to justify illegally seizing the much larger prize of the Golan.  The plan was to steal the Golan, which was clearly illegal, and not a matter of differing readings of the Armistice.

Once again, the Israelis took the Golan *because they wanted it's farmland*.
I read up on the matter. All Syria's fault, and it doesn't matter if the kibbutzers wanted the land or not. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golan_heights#Between_World_War_I_and_the_Six-Day_War
Given the choice between believing Moshe Dayan, and a 12 yo right wing inetnet spaz named after a small-brained wildcat, I'll take Dayan. I hope you don't mind.
[deleted]
Which really missed the point.
Your point was invalid, as was your example.
Read the wikipedia yourself, Syria claims that this small piece of land fell under their govt back in the day, but now Israel won it, and defended it.  It's easy to speak words, it's hard to fight for land. Think about that.
The "winning" was illegal under international law.  The entire world condemned it.

Saddam Hussein "won" Kuwait, but the UN disagreed with him too, issuing many resolutions with the results we're all aware of.

If your entire point is "might makes right" then just stop replying and go do your homework.
Not might.  How do you summarize a phrase "sticking with it".  If you stick with something for a long time your truth becomes somebody else's truth.  If you don't believe that's how the world is, then you are under illusion.
Yes, that's true, which is why nobody including myself questions if Israel should be allowed to be where it is.

But that hasn't worked in the case of the International community and the UN regarding the Golan Heights.

Also, part of negotiating peace involves treating your opponent like an ally as opposed to an enemy.  A cease-fire is what you're thinking of.
Dayan is in that link. Punk.

YOU DO NOT SHOOT AT UNARMED FARMERS.
yeah and I'm the king of Egypt...
So your view is that supporting the position of a minority party is Israel is anti-Israel, but supporting the view of a minority party in the U.S. is not anti-U.S. Whatever. I happen to oppose Likud, favor Israeli negotiation with Hamas, and would support abandoning most of the settlements and going back to something close to the '67 border. Not unilaterally and not in the absence of some real guarantees.
&gt; Dayan is in that link. Punk. 

No shit, incompletely quoted. They left out the bit about provoking war to get the Golan.

&gt; YOU DO NOT SHOOT AT UNARMED FARMERS.

Unarmed farmers?  They were provocateurs, not even settlers necessarily:

&gt; Dayan: If they didn't shoot, we would tell the tractor to advance farther, until in the end the Syrians would get annoyed and shoot. And then we would use artillery and later the air force also, and that's how it was.''

and

&gt; 'But I can tell you with absolute confidence, the delegation that came to persuade Eshkol to take the heights was not thinking of these things. They were thinking about the heights' land. Listen, I'm a farmer, too. After all, I'm from Nahalal, not from Tel Aviv, and I know about it. I saw them, and I spoke to them. They didn't even try to hide their greed for that land.''

Innocent farmers, my ass.
I never said that.  Your example was invalid, retard.

&gt;I happen to oppose Likud, favor Israeli negotiation with Hamas, and would support abandoning most of the settlements and going back to something close to the '67 border. Not unilaterally and not in the absence of some real guarantees.

THEN STOP TROLLING LIKE AN ULTRA ZIONIST AND HELP US OUT!  You say you're for X but you do Y.  I don't care if you SAY you're a nazi, as long as what you DO is pro-peace. 

Why the hell are we in this conversation then?  WTF???  What the hell is wrong with you?
[deleted]
YOU DO NOT SHOOT AT UNARMED FARMERS.
Wow, your use of ALL CAPS shows your intellectual rigor and nuanced rhetoric to the fullest.  

And, yes, you do shoot at unarmed farmers, if they are deliberately encroaching on land in a military-backed provocation.  You don't shoot at *innocent* farmers. 

But you're doing a pretty good job with the ALL-CAPS. I'm not completely persuaded, but maybe if you were to you-tube yourself screaming "YOU DO NOT SHOOT AT UNARMED FARMERS" whilst wetting your trousers and stomping your feet, I might begin to see your point of view. Remember, it isn't what you say, it's how loud you say it.
As usual, you're putting words in my mouth
You wrote: "You should be aware your thinking is not shared by the vast majority of Israelis, so by definition you are anti-Israel."

That is nonsense. I could (and often do) share a view not supported by the majority of Americans, that does not make me anti-American. 


What is "wrong" with me is that I think that it is wrong (factually, morally, legally) to accused Israel of genocide. I think it is wrong to say that Hamas is right and justified in targeting Israeli civilians. I think it is wrong to say that the war is only Israel's fault or that the Jews control the media. I spend so much effort fighting those issues that there is no opportunity to discuss any reasonable issues.
It should include all of the Land of Palestine prior to the 1917 Balfour Decloration.
Your views regarding Israel are anti-American, and un-American.

Your work for Darfur is worthless because of your double-standard.  

That you feel it is "immoral" to even suggest Israel is committing genocide describes the beginning and the end of your pathology, a pathology shared by the Likudniks you don't support in name, but do in policy.

"Jews" don't control the media, but as Philip Weiss and other academics have noticed, Zionist-inclined people are extremely over-represented in the MSM, which is entirely evident in the skewed coverage given the Likudnik view of Israel and Palestine.  That's a problem.

Hamas isn't right or justified in their war, and neither is Israel.  Both target civilians.  Israel also commits a laundry list of other atrocities, for instance kidnapping and then torturing ~50 men and young boys a day during daily raids.  The IOF is also are currently closing an orphanage that serves 5000 children, for NO REASON, and will be successful if the courts don't stop them.

You just demonstrate an absurd lack of historical knowledge when you try an portray the "conflict" as evenly matched.  It's not.  Millions of people live in the world's largest concentration camp ever on one side, in luxury on the other.

I don't know why I respond at length to you.  You have an awful habit of quoting everything I say interspersed with meaningless sentences you think somehow counter what I say just by their existence.
Typical Isaeli negotiation tactics...
I hope they don't and they get bombed for it. They deserve the violence they recieve...
Allow me to restate:

You do not shoot at unarmed farmers, if you don't want people to deduce you are a voilent cretin.

Better? Want to shoot at me yet?
Don't put words in my mouth. I said Israel annexed that land, and because of this, they perpetuate this war. They are the aggressors here. If they would simply give the land back there would be no need for killing them wholesale.
Fine but then they souldn't complain when their children get bombed.
How do you feel about Israel when they target civilians? You realize that Israel have far more civilian murders than the Palestinians right?
Aw, the ALL-CAPS are gone. You're no longer being as persuasive.

Besides, the farmers weren't 'farming' - they were making incursions. And settlers are  *armed*, particularly in that era.  

If it was a soldier on a tractor, would it be OK? Because it very likely was, given that the incursions were part of a military program.

But try the ALL-CAPS again, bobkitty; they're your great rhetorical strength.

But really, your farmers line is childishly naive. It's not what Moshe Dayan lays the blame. And why should I believe an ALL-CAPS screaming 12yo rather than the Israeli defense minister?
&gt;How do you feel about Israel when they target civilians? 

It is wrong for anyone to target civilians. It is hard, however, to distinguish when one side does not wear uniforms, sets up in civilian areas, pretends to be red cross/red crescent/UN, and otherwise deliberately uses civilians as shields.

&gt;You realize that Israel have far more civilian murders than the Palestinians right?

No, I am not. I am aware that the IDF has killed more people than has the various Palestinian factions have killed Israelis (though I am pretty sure that Palestinian militants have killed more Palestinians than the IDF has). But it is not appropriate to assert that all Palestinian deaths were "murders". It is quite right and appropriate for Israel to kill terrorists/militants. And if those militants are hiding behind civilians the responsibility lies with the militants. They have duty to avoid that. Israel has a duty to try to avoid civilian deaths, not to eliminate them entirely.

Yes, Israel has done bad things. Israel is a real country made up of real people. Guerrilla wars are nasty. 60,000 people have dies in Sri Lanka, something between 350,000 and 1.5 million died in the French Algerian war, etc. etc. All I ask is that people judge Israel by the same standards they judge others. I don't ask for leniency and I will call people on using more stringent standards. If you call this genocide, then recognize that there are dozens of other examples of current genocide.
&gt;I said Israel annexed that land

And I asked you to say what land they annexed. 

&gt;If they would simply give the land back 

Which land? You need to be clear so I don't have to put words in your mouth. If your claim is that Israel annexed Gaza and the West Bank then the claim is false. You really need to use words properly: annex has a real meaning and does not apply here. So, what land? Hamas wants all of Israel returned to Muslim control. If they get everything taken in the '67 War they will give a 10 year cease fire. 

&gt;there would be no need for killing them wholesale.

That statement is ambiguous, I will assume that you are accusing Israel of wholesale killing, not asserting a need to kill Israelis wholesale. But even so, the claim is false. 2,500 dead in Gaza in 7 years is not wholesale killing, it is small number in a low key war. 60,000 have died in the Sri Lankan war, 400,000-500,000 in Darfur. Half a million dead is wholesale killing.
&gt;Your views regarding Israel are anti-American, and un-American.

And, again, you fail to provide any support for this other than you disagree.

&gt;Your work for Darfur is worthless because of your double-standard.

The people who lives get saved might disagree with you.
So you do think that Israel should not exist. So where should the Jews go if they have to leave "Palestine"?
Who cares where they go? They can go where ever they want, just give back the land they stole...
So don't pretend that you care about lives.
As I stated in a previous post, they need to give back the land prior to the 1917 Balfour Declaration.

It IS wholesale killing when the Israelis continue to target and murder innocent civilians as well as freedom fighters. They have a HUGE body count compared to the Palestinians...
"You realize that Israel have far more civilian murders than the Palestinians right?"

"No, I am not."

Well get your facts strait prior to making your retort. Israel forces continue to to murder Palestinians regardless of military classification. They are in fact perpetrating the genocid of the Palestinian people.
I care aout lives, just not where they live...Stop trying to put words in my mouth.
I already explained why your views are anti-American and un-American, in the original post.  Yes, you disagree, of course, your troupe always does.  That's a critical part of the pathology.  Without that fundamental disconnect from reality and morality, this entire situation would never have evolved.

Saving one life to justify taking another leaves you just as much a murderer, and an antisemitic hypocrite to boot.
What do you think that genocide means? And how many instances of genocide are occurring in the world today?
You just said you don't care where they go. If Hamas wins the Med Sea is likely the only available option.
Stop being such a drama queen...
Umm, you need to read up on history more. That is all.
I'M NOT TOUCHING YOU!!!!

Go ahead, shoot. People like you think that's an appropriate response to non-violence.
What happened with dissent... patriotism, you totalitarian you.
I'm glad you brought this up.

When it's done honestly for altruistic goals, it's dissent.

When it's done deceitfully in other people's name against their wishes and counter to their interests, it's undemocratic and anti-X.
&gt; When it's done honestly for altruistic goals, it's dissent.

Translation: _when I agree, it's dissent_.
You're a shitty translator.  You didn't do well in languages, I take it.
&gt; You're a shitty translator.

Yeah, I left out the part where _those who disagree with me are dishonest, selfish, evil and anti-democratic_.
You've hit upon the underlying message however, about the nature of anti-X or pro-X.  Do you know what it is?  

I task you to complete your reasoning and arrive at a new insight.  This requires transcending your dogma, so it may be distasteful, but I believe you are capable.
So you're saying Hamas should annex Jordan?

Summary:
They were thinking about the heights' land.
And that's what Dayan said the Israelis did.
And Israel was attacked in 1967 because it was going to annex the Golan.
So you do think that Israel should not exist.
I said Israel annexed that land, and because of this, they perpetuate this war.
Syria was shooting at unarmed Israeli farmers on tractors?
&gt; Syria was shooting at unarmed Israeli farmers on tractors?
You just said you don't care where they go.
If it means "taking the Syrians' water" you're right.
I hope you don't mind.
Think about it, land that was won, why give it back, without a fight?
I think it is wrong to say that Hamas is right and justified in targeting Israeli civilians.
You don't shoot at *innocent* farmers.
&gt;I said Israel annexed that land

And I asked you to say what land they annexed.
I hope they don't and they get bombed for it.
And by "gets access" I mean steals.
You realize that Israel have far more civilian murders than the Palestinians right?
"You realize that Israel have far more civilian murders than the Palestinians right?"
&gt; YOU DO NOT SHOOT AT UNARMED FARMERS.
I read up on the matter.
How are they going to give it up?
The nerve of Israel asking Syria to sign a peace treaty before giving back the land.
I agree with dwilljo about not getting shit in return after land give up.
YOU DO NOT SHOOT AT UNARMED FARMERS.
And even though Israel not actually annexed the Golan it is attacked for doing so.
I was taking issue with Mekongcola's assertion that the reason Syria attacks Israel is because they annexed the Golan Heights.
Land taken in a war for which they have no peace treaty.
What do you think that genocide means?
Israel should do this; Syria are well beaten right now, and they know it.
They can go where ever they want, just give back the land they stole...
I agree with both you and dwilljo.
Yes, Israel has done bad things.
I only hope that Israel agrees to definite concessions to secure the peace.
I think it is wrong to say that the war is only Israel's fault or that the Jews control the media.
You need to be clear so I don't have to put words in your mouth.
I'm not saying they shouldn't give it back to secure peace.
Israel talks peace loves war.
The Golan is a very valuable piece of land for Israel's self defense.
&gt; seems like a bad deal for israel if you ask me.
So you're saying Hamas should annex Jordan?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.32
