Original Response:
That has got to be one of the saddest news items I've read in awhile- I hope the sniper gets to read it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I found my self wondering through out reading this... why was she shot? the fact that this article doesn't include that makes it sensationalist bullshit rather than news.
[deleted]
Anybody who voted the puppy post up needs to vote this post up too.
[deleted]
This article talks about the same girl, as well as several other people like her...

http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/mar/03/israelandthepalestinians.usa1

In the event that you wanted to be any more sad...
[deleted]
I bet he'll be awarded for his service too. Being a third party and not having personal qualms, I can say you lot are fucking sick.
I've reached my sad quota for the evening, but thanks for the link!
*dont downvote this, i'm being sarcastic here*

because she was a terrorist, stupid.
[deleted]
[corroborating](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2008/03/03/wgaza203.xml) [news](http://www.just-international.org/article.cfm?newsid=20002668) [articles](http://electronicintifada.net/v2/article9378.shtml)

That is some depressing shit (´；ω；｀)
... even as sarcasm your comment is stupid.
Frankly a lot of civilian deaths in gaza are a result of terrorist using civilians as shield. Are a lot also not a result of that? Of course but if that was the case here while I would still blame the snipper the terrorist using her as a shield would be at fault too
[deleted]
You became poisonous?
But remember, God said that Israelis are the chosen people and he gave that land to them so as good Christians, the leaders of America must do nothing less than show full support for anything that they might do to rid themselves of the evil brown people

/sarcasm
Palestinian children intentionaly killed by the IDF ae just numbers, mainstream media is fascinated with alleged Israeli emotional stories of sufferings.
Sounded like something out of Grand Theft Auto. I was half expecting to read that he then burned it and killed the firemen that came to put it out. This is really, just, so fucked up.
This assumption that the palestinians want their children to die makes me sick.

Are you seriously legitimizing the murder of an innocent child?

Fuck you
yeah really. They started shooting at the ambulance trying to help the little girl.
This "article" is misleading. 
1. It supposedly provides the text that is written on the missiles. Any actual sources for this?
2. This was during the war with Lebanon and had nothing to do with Palestinians. IIRC, the missiles were addressed to Hezbollah, and as it appears on the pictures, Nasrala. They were not addressed for regular civilians.

Contrast this with pictures of Palestinians and Palestinian children celebrating in the streets (most recently too, when 8 Israeli civilians were killed) after their terrorist brothers manage to kill innocent Israeli civilians. 

You want to display how inhumane children can be, why don't you show us some pictures of Palestinian children dressed as suicide bombers with real AK47 in their hands. Why don't you show us pictures of Palestinian children celebrating around the dead bodies of other Palestinians accused of collaborating with Israel.
&gt;Sami Abu Salem lives in Jabaliya Refugee Camp and works as an English news and features writer at the Palestine News Agency (WAFA). He has also worked at the International Press Center of the Palestinian Authority State Information Service, and works as a freelance writer for local newspapers, focusing on literature and arts. This article was originally published by Ramattan News Agency and is republished with the author's permission.

The writer is Muslim partisan.  Don't buy the hype.
And of course he didn't do this, so reporting Muslim propaganda won't faze him.

&gt;Sami Abu Salem lives in Jabaliya Refugee Camp and works as an English news and features writer at the Palestine News Agency (WAFA). He has also worked at the International Press Center of the Palestinian Authority State Information Service, and works as a freelance writer for local newspapers, focusing on literature and arts. This article was originally published by Ramattan News Agency and is republished with the author's permission.
Counter-terrorists win.
are u kidding me? u didn't know this. they do this all the time. often, the DO go for the GTA move, shoot up the vehicle and kill the medics. nothing new.
remember, arabs are not human. they're not even puppies.

EDIT: that's sarcasm, for those who haven't upgraded their sarcasm-scanner, yet.
&gt;The majority of the Israeli population wants to live in peace with the Palestinian people.

that's one of the biggest tragedies in this whole mess, in my opinion. the populace on both sides is sick of it all, but their respective governments are far too blood-lusty to listen.
I love the well known sources that put out these stories.  You can tell how balanced they are by the other Israeli headlines.
Exactly.  There is NOTHING in this article that shows ANY evidence that this was done by an "israeli sniper."
well, war kind of sucks. that shit is pretty fucked.
I would like to remind everyone that neither side here as a moral high ground, and I think the reason things like this happen is because neither side cares about having the moral high ground anymore. The Israelis aren't fighting the Palestinians for the same reason we fight in Iraq (on the surface, at least). They're fighting to win.
[:D](http://happy.reddit.com)
children stand back!
Do you dispute the facts of the story?
yet, Palestinians are just the same with the Jews biologically http://reddit.com/info/6becd/comments/
Yes, insofar as this doesn't seem like credible journalism.  It's a Palestinian claiming that an Israeli sniper targeted a 12 year old girl.  Truth is the girl may or may not have been shot and that presuming a girl was shot we don't know by whom or with what intention.  Snipers don't normally target 12 year old girl's in the sides of their chests.
I do.
Yeah, I mean, that had to be a fuckup. Generally they'll go for a good center of mass shot, especially on a 12 year old, they're a tough target.
Or they go for wounding shots on combatants, but whatever the anti-Semites on Reddit will buy uncritically.  Seriously, examine the source people.
I completely agree.  It seems much more likely that it was not an israeli sniper, there are many much more plausible scenarios.  And palestinians, perhaps understandably, have a strong bias to believe and / or want to claim that any violence that occurs was caused by israelis.
And the reason why Israeli soldiers are so inhumane towards Palestinians?
Because they know they can get away with murder!
You wont hear about the suffering of Palestinians much in the MSM without a comment that Israel has a right to defend itself carp.

The media was abuzz about the 8 students the other day but many more children died in GAZA and that received little attention in the MSM.

Many orthodox Jews sympathize with the Palestinians but they are totally ignored by the MSM as well...

http://www.nkusa.org/AboutUs/Zionism/judaism_isnot_zionism.cfm
&gt;Neturei Karta stresses those portions in rabbinic literature[citation needed] which state that because of their sins, the Jewish people went into exile from the Land of Israel. Additionally, they maintain the view - basing it on the Babylonian Talmud [5] - that any form of forceful recapture of the Land of Israel is a violation of divine will. They believe that the restoration of the Land of Israel to the Jews should only happen with the coming of the Messiah.
&gt;Neturei Karta believes that the exile of the Jews can end only with the arrival of the Messiah, and that human attempts to establish Jewish sovereignty over the Land of Israel are sinful. In Neturei Karta's view, Zionism is a presumptuous affront against God. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neturei_Karta
The fact that the author is Muslim has no relationship to whether the story is true or not.
white men and black men look about the same biologically, yet, we make a big deal about the color.
So the [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/news/world/tell-them-i-only-want-peace-begs-grieving-dad/2008/03/03/1204402365549.html) and the [Age](http://www.theage.com.au/news/world/mourning-tents-spread-on-gaza-strip/2008/03/03/1204402361718.html) are also lying?

*Safa was standing by the window at the end of the building where there were Israeli snipers,* said her father, Raad, 40.

*The Israelis dropped a bomb near the area and it blew open the window and the sniper saw her and he shot her immediately.*
Maybe.  Maybe not.  Are you saying that no Muslim can be biased?  Are you saying that no Muslim can be a liar?  It's true that bias and liar status transcend Islam, but if you're Muslim and think of Israel as a state needing to be cleansed by the blood of martyr murderers in jihad then a lie about an Israeli is fair game in a war to the death.
Where's the part about how Hamas have embedded themselves in civilian territory so they can use their people as human shields?
Yes, he sounds like a hater of Jews...

"Mr Seif had a remote stare, and seemed to be struggling to cope.

But as the visiting journalists walked back to their car he suddenly appeared at their side, switching into agitated English."

*Tell them this: I only want peace. I only want peace,* he said. *I am an ordinary man. I never hurt anybody. Please, my English is not good. I would prefer to speak Hebrew.*

*I worked in Israel for many years. I have many Jewish friends and I do not hate the Jews. I have told them this. I only want peace.*
may i say: fuck you, go die you excuse for a human being.
He'll cut it out and pin it on the wall beside his medal. The Israeli army are no better than Nazis.
I'm not denying she was killed, just that she was killed by a sniper. Israeli snipers, on the whole, are rather good at what they do and are very rarely - as in, never - ordered to shoot kids.

Stray bullet? maybe.
Sniper fire? Uh uh, not so much.

Secondly, they couldn't even bother to post a real picture of an Israeli soldier? That pic is as fake as they come. Israeli troops don't wear their paratrooping insignias (kanfa"tz) on their sleeves, they wear them on their breasts above their left hand shirt pockets, nor do they actually wear _any_ insignia on their BDUs.

Plus a lot of other nonsensical bits and pieces. Doesn't come off as very reliable.
I'm just making cynical sniper jokes.

Why don't you shoot at children?

Smaller target.
I would like another source for those news if possible. While I do realise that it can be hard to find one and that these things can happen (abuse of palestinians is well documented), I also realise that just because someone writes something it does not have to be the truth or the complete truth in this instance.  
The National Expositor is not a source I would go to for my information, for example they are spreading the vaccination - autism myth as a fact. http://www.nationalexpositor.com/News/998.html  

They also seem very positive to Alex Jones different conspiracy movies. So please reddit, there is so much information on this subject. Please choose a better source.
This article reeks of false propaganda. I'm sorry to burst your bubble, redditors, but many of the non MSM news sources are just as full of lies if not more.
I am not saying it is impossible for a Muslim to be biased.  I understand your original comment to mean that the story should be rejected for the sole reason of the author's religion.  That is the position that I reject.  I believe the truth or falsehood of any claim should be evaluated on its own merits.
[The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/mar/03/israelandthepalestinians.usa1)

-----

Edit: the writer's credentials look pretty good to me. Yes, he is a Muslim journalist. Does that disqualify him? I see no hype, only cruel tragedy.
Very good.  I've been saying for a long time that would should be disregarding the media coverage of the Middle East when the reporter/writer/producer is of an ethnicity that casts doubt on his impartiality.

Which pretty much leaves out the entire U.S. news media, because it seems there isn't a reporter out there covering this story who, if not Jewish himself, doesn't answer to someone who is Jewish.

The bias we get in the coverage we receive about the Middle East is unmistakable.  And it is a very big reason why the violence there continues to this day.
You mean Sephardic Jews and Palestinians.

Ashkenazis are different. to the extent that any two races can be different.
I agree that Jews have a bias too, but I don't buy this nonsense that Muslims would stop killing Jews if the U.S. media were more sympathetic to Muslim decapitations of Jews (remember Daniel Pearl?).
Are you saying that the very Jewish media in America isn't biased when reporting on this "conflict"?
It was the style of the piece that made me check out who wrote the piece.  Could be true, but unlikely.  A girl getting shot shouldn't be automatically ruled the victim of an Israeli sniper.  Muslims love to shoot weapons off for all sorts of reasons, to celebrate murders for one.
You mean, you would like a source from within the very Jewish news media in America?

Because we know how objective and impartial they are when reporting events from the Middle East?

Like how they give equal coverage to Palestinians murdered by Israelis as they do Israelis killed by Palestinians, is that the kind of even-handedness you're looking for?
Jews invaded Muslim land to create the state of Israel, the former using terrorist tactics to drive the latter away.

The moral high ground here is very clearly demarcated.  It is only the fact that the news coverage you've received over all of these many years is so biased towards the Jewish point-of-view that causes you to be uncertain.
You've mangled the equation, perhaps deliberately.

If the U.S. media were more sympathetic to the Muslim side of this, more pressure would be brought to bear on Israel to give up the settlements and return to the '67 borders.

If Israel could keep to its side of the border, the hatred between these two groups of people would start to fade.

Imagine if this was done in 1967.  Forty years might have passed without significant levels of violence being committed by one side or the other.

Forty years is a lot of time.  Time enough to heal the deepest of wounds.  Look at some of the other reconciliations that have taken place around the world in that period of time.

Jews in America think they are doing Israel a favor by so skewing the coverage, but in reality, all they are doing is encouraging the Israelis to continue a course of action that invariably leads them to their doom.
I did not comment on the general news coverage in the US or the history of the conflict. I live in Sweden where the media has been historically pro-palestine and a lot of european media is more pro-palestine than the US media anyway. While a "boring" headline might look like "118 civilians killed in Gaza" it is better than one article that might be fictious and designed to play on the readers emotions with facts that cannot be verified in a paper that is constantly lying (if you look at past articles).  
If you are truly interested in the conflict there is a lot of information on different UN homepages and in the archives of the big papers.
&gt;Israeli snipers, on the whole, are rather good at what they do and are very rarely - as in, never - ordered to shoot kids.

Oh yeah. Plus, Israeli soldiers write letters home to their families every day - and tell them how tears stream from their faces every time they are forced to shed the blood of a Palestinian.  They are American brethren, all they really long for is to do good, and maybe have a bit of aside time to play some friendly games of football or baseball and the like.

Rarely do they have time for such frivolous pursuits, as most are often engaged in humanitarian endeavours during their free time.  Building houses for the poor, cleaning up low income neighbourhoods, and administering bake sales.

No, NEVER, would an Israeli soldier hurt a child.... ever. They're not like the Palestinian monsters - they're [just like us.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbtemEFmo84)
A news story reported to the press by a Palestinian without even stating Israel's comment to the case. You'd believe anything ah?

we hear only the version of the family who didn't even see the girl being hit,probably decided it was a sniper based on the bullet caliber ah?

-news flash even a 5.56 penetrate a human's body and continue to travel yet it also could have been a 7.62 MAG that was used for covering fire for example.The use of the term "sniper" is favored by the palestinians since it implies the shooter recognized his target and still chose to the take her out. another point is that although the girl was hit in her left side of the chest inside her house  a mother carrying a wounded girl was missed while walking in the god damned street.      

-there is no refrence of any major side in this story exept that of the palestinian family. not the IDF,not even the red cross,nothing.

Although I'm not stating this story is pure fiction,it is very likely that atleast a large part of it was alterd to serve a political agenda.
&gt;I'm not denying she was killed, just that she was killed by a sniper. Israeli snipers, on the whole, are rather good at what they do and are very rarely - as in, never - ordered to shoot kids.

How do you know this?  Are you an Israeli sniper?  If not, then your sources are suspect, too.
&gt; ...but they are totally ignored by the MSM as well...

Did you mean "American MSM"?

* [SMH](http://www.smh.com.au/news/world/tell-them-i-only-want-peace-begs-grieving-dad/2008/03/03/1204402365549.html)
* [The Age](http://www.theage.com.au/news/world/mourning-tents-spread-on-gaza-strip/2008/03/03/1204402361718.html)
* [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/mar/03/israelandthepalestinians.usa1)
or we make a big deal about religion.
*Israeli snipers, on the whole, are rather good at what they do and are very rarely - as in, never - ordered to shoot kids.*

So their [previous](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2005/jun/28/comment.israelandthepalestinians)
[history](http://www.fromoccupiedpalestine.org/node/1430) of doing [exactly](http://www.fromoccupiedpalestine.org/node/1432)  [that](http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9A0DE3D7143BF931A25757C0A9659C8B63) is also a lie?
2.3 Billion of US tax dollars goes to Isreal every year.

Keep it up America
[Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/962399.html)
Wow. And I thought I was an asshole. What the fuck! What the fuck compels a person to do that?!
"Israeli snipers, on the whole, are rather good at what they do and are very rarely - as in, never - ordered to shoot kids."

&gt;Rank: First Sergeant
Unit: Nachal infantry brigade, battalion 932
Place of incident: Refugee camp near Ramallah
Description: T - Okay, so our "house" swooped onto the refugee camp. That is why we were there. There was a snipers post there. This is regarding the orders to commence fire. There were some people that had a firebomb in their hand. We knew that they were planning to throw the firebomb. We saw them with the bottle. We kept them under surveillance. There was a firebomb in their hands, but they did not ever throw it, they never lit it. So that they would do it, we did something that was the idea of one of the platoon commanders. We told the sniper to "be ready" when we just arrived from the Ofer camp. We brought supplies or something. We said, okay, we will pass through, and we will let them throw the bottle, and then the sniper can shoot him. We intentionally drew their attention and we pass through there with our half-tracks, on purpose, on a road that we do not usually pass. We went on that road on purpose. Then he threw the firebomb, and the sniper hit him. He was a 10-year-old boy.

&gt;S - A boy?

&gt;T - A 10-year-old boy. He did not kill him. I think he wounded him seriously or moderately, a ten-year-old boy. That is what he did there. You know, it was the intent, for the purpose of shooting someone. For doing… I just don't know what. This is not a special story. There are a few more like that in the “cartridge”.
http://www.shovrimshtika.org/testimonies_e.asp?cat=14&amp;page=2
I think the majority of people, on both sides, have compassion and wish for the fighting to end. But you have a power struggle between two self-righteous groups who only care about themselves and their power, not the people.
very people sick as low as using the ambulance to transfer suicide bombers and weapons
where's the part about how that's a load of hogwash?
When I said "totally ignored" I was speaking of  the Neturei Karta specifically.

But yes I am talking about American MSM, in general they have the greatest influence in the world anyway with CNN accessible on every continent. I had to watch 2 hours of the NY governor on AC 360 and I'm not even American!
according to who
Thank you for posting this. I'm so glad our country had the shred of decency to report this. I really didn't think they would.
Of course, an American soldier would never kill or rape a 12 year old girl. [We wait until they are 14](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6384781.stm). Just shows that we are better again. Fuck yeah!
&gt;that shit is pretty fucked

you watched Idiocracy, didn't you?
according green aliens probably... according to videos taken by Israeli spy drones. But it is probably not a good source for you. Paliwood is much better.
[deleted]
apparently, The Guardian is regarded as an anti-Semetic publication by many people in Israel.
I've not found any people in the UK, where it's published, that believes this is the case, but that won't stop anything it publishes being disregarded as being pro-Palestinian.
sounds like you are a jew living in sweden. Anyone who says mainstream news is pro-palestinian is an idiot or liar. I don't care what european or western country you come from, it's always pro-israeli.
My sources are intimate.
Nope, not jewish. Maybe you should read up about the historical dominance by the left in Swedish media. This still lingers and there have been critizism for the state owned channels to take sides (for example against Bush or against Israel). A correspondant have been quoted saying this for example: "in order to be able to describe the conflict honestly you have to side with the weaker part [i.e. the Palestinians]", http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_in_Sweden . You can also read that the journalists in Sweden generally lean more towards the left than the general population.
&gt; Israeli snipers, on the whole, are rather good at what they do and are very rarely - as in, never - ordered to shoot kids.

*They do it all the fucking time.* What breed of moron believes a word of the IDF propaganda?  There are plenty of instances over the years about these snipers. You must be a hardcore apologist/denialist.
Ok, if you put it that way, the I guess she deserved to die at 12. Riight?
Those bastard 12 year old Hamas girls are very  dangerous to Israel.
That's meaningless. The "left" and "right" as you say shift all the time. The middle of the two is almost never accurate, because of this. 

What is correct is what is bs and what is not. This is some of what is NOT bullshit:

- Israel illegally occupying Palestinian land.

- Israel have destroyed Palestinian orchids, properties, homes, businesses, and infrastructure.

- Israel collective punishment

- Israel use of criminal weapons. Cluster, flechette etc.

- Israeli war crimes against Palestinians: Regular acts of brutality, assassination, murder, torture, imprisonment. 

- Israeli theft of Palestinian property and land

Europeans are spineless, or simply racists.
They are suspect.
If you are from the US you would probably regard the Swedish right as extreme left ;-). And I'm not disagreeing with the notion of systematic Israeli abuse of Palestinians. I'm just saying that there are tons of good sources describing it so don't choose one that is so dubious. Much like that even if I think the politics Bush has run is extremely retarded I don't agree with every conspiracy site that exist on the subject.
Nowhere - because they do it!
Stop using cc81's information as an excuse to go off on a tangent about how shitty Israel is.

All he asked for was a decent source to cross-check this story, as the site listed is less than reputable. 

It's a fair point.
What the hell is even the motivation for this kind of crap?  Usually I can twist my mind around to figure out the fucked-up reasoning/emotional reaction that leads to war crimes, but to shoot a twelve-year-old in her house from a safe distance, then shoot at the ambulance?  What the hell?
Jewish =/= pro-Israel or even pro-Zionist, you prejudiced asshole.
Give that man a Badge.http://www.diggerhistory.info/images/medals-german/ss-proficiency.jpg
Where are either of your sources?
Is anyone else miffed about how all these journalists write as if they were there about something that happened in a war zone mere hours or days ago?  Do they verify any of the claims they report?
[deleted]
&gt; sounds like you are a jew 

sounds like you are a racist
The motivation usually includes the term "militant".
I don't have any sources I admit, I made that comment out of frustration.

The Israeli terrorists continuously reports successful attacks against the Palestinian terrorists yet if anything the palestinian terrorists have gotten stronger over the years.

The palestinian terrorists probably aren't hiding in hospitals and schools, logically speaking it makes no sense that parents would allow their kids to go to such schools or that patients would even dare allow themselves to be treated at such hospitals. The collateral damage is extremely high and it isn't because the palestinian terrorists are hiding in civilian areas, until the Israeli terrorists can prove otherwise and not just with words I'm going to go ahead and question their credibility at every turn.
What's with all this Israel hating? The Palestinians aren't much better. Not saying either side is right, just saying that Reddit is extremely biased and anti-Israel.
Jerusalem and tombs of jewish forefathers are muslim lands now?

No.
And you get downmodded because reddit doesn't wanna hear about any of that.
Israel is supposed to be a well developed Western country. We expect better from their government, their people, and their military. Palestine is a shithole under foreign occupation and weak government institutions. One's crimes are committed by a modern and well funded military, the other's by a ragtag militia.

Both sides have their monsters, but Israel's are bigger, strike more often, and inflict more damage/human suffering.
I think you will find only a tiny proportion of Jews willing to consider that Israel is a terrorist state. I think it's hard to find Jews who accept even the slightest criticism of the Zionist project. 
If I ever express even the slightest doubts to any Jew about the legitimacy of Israel or its actions, I am rebuffed with - fuck off you Nazi cunt, or similar.
OOPS! YOU ARE LYING!

This is from the same news agency that the author works for:

http://english.ramattan.com/newsdetails.aspx?news_id=37734

Quotes:

&gt; During the series of air strikes on Jabalia, the Israeli *missiles* also killed an eleven-year-old, Safa Abu Saif, in the neighborhood of Abed RAbbu, in Jabalia.

&gt; The father switched a fan on to keep the body cold inside the house while waiting for paramedics.

&gt; By: Sami Abu Salem Gaza, March 2, 2008, (RNA)

And then in the reddit version (which is another press release of the same agency that completely contradicts the first one):

&gt; The unemployed Ra'd said that his little daughter went to bring some clothes of her children from the second floor, "she has just reached the door of the room, the Israeli sniper on a nearby building shot her on her chest".

So first it was missiles, and then it was a sniper who went INTO Gaza, got on top of a building in the middle of "palestinian" neighbourhood, *during an airstrike*,  and shot a girl.

Pallywood ftl.
when you attack somone who's weaker, you gotta count on being kicked in the balls
I guess, the Israeli newspaper Haaretz is also antisemitic? 
This was posted by **Criminoboy** 
http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/962399.html

Try and explain that away.
[deleted]
Seek help, you are so warped that reality itself seems alien to you.
But you have to stand in awe of the americans when it comes to soldiers going on a rampage:

[My Lai massacre](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/My_Lai) - 1968

[Haditha](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haditha_killings) and  [Ishaqi](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ishaqi_incident) massacres - 2006

Considering how much shit comes out of Iraq, I'm surprised at how few horrible stories like this we here from Palestine. Anyway, when one side is completely defenseless, it will always happen.
It isn't who is under the ground that counts, it's who's living on top.
Unfortunately though, I notice very little reporting on tv i.e Seven, Nine and Ten. It's normally a blanket statement that covers the entire issue, e.g: "10 Israeli's have died today in an orchestrated bombing by Palestinian terrorists outside the Gaza Strip". And I notice very little reporting on Palestinian casualties.
No, but it is certainly more forgiving of Israel and the Zionist agenda, you racist piece of shit.
This was posted by **Criminoboy** http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/962399.html
It is the Israeli newspaper Haaretz.

The young girls story is there with several others
&gt; If you are from the US you would probably regard the Swedish right as extreme left ;-).

As somebody who is concerned about drug policy above and beyond all else, I strongly dispute this characterization.

Sweden is the most rabidly pro-drug war state in the EU, approaching the level of hostility seen in the US even.
Sounds like you are too.
This was posted by **Criminoboy** http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/962399.html It is the Israeli newspaper Haaretz.

The young girls story is there with several others. Try denying this one also.
one question, why was this little girl in a war zone?!?! Nevermind a redditor below just busted this reporter lying
True. But I don't see how that affects the fact that it is left. The left traditionally wants a strong large government that "takes care" of the people. So a war on drugs can very much be consistant with the lefts ideals.
I'm not sure the National Expositor is the most accurate source of anti-Zionist radical Islamic propaganda, I mean news.
oh please, as if one violent act is any better than another violent act. That's more digusting to me than anything.
Thank you. This should be submitted instead.  
EDIT: For those interested, that is written by a Swedish journalist.
I know a couple palestenian assholes too. But thanks sharing
no but lying about it is just as bad
sounds like you are a dumbass. of course the difference between your statement and mine is that i'm correct, and you are not.
Point taken.
&gt; sounds like you are a jew living in sweden.

oh!  Reddit, look, we've got a specimen here!

cc81 has got a dissenting opinion so he can only be a jew.  Fair enough, so let's just ignore the fact that you've never read any European newspaper, right?

Keep it up.
You're correct, I would have chosen a different source as well.
Sounds to me like propaganda.  Saying a sniper from another country shot you is hard to substantiate considering its a sniper.
So are you going to deny uninterrupted jewish presence in Jerusalem, then?
No one is denying that the little girl died. However, what we have here is "palestinian" propaganda trying to depict it as a deliberate, personal and vile act of killing a child as opposed to retaliatory airstrike after a wave of rocket attacks, aka Pallywood.
shockwheat - your argument holds up for white americans too.

When was the last time you saw whites, hispanics, and blacks running together holding hands?

Never.

People of opposing race and creed hate each other.  Surprise surprise!!
Oh so we should always support the lesser of two evils.  Palestine is super fucked up, militant, and full of religious radicals and has been for 50+ years.  I suppose terrorist bombings and launching missiles into other peoples countries makes you 'less evil' but whatever.  We'll look past 'all that'.
it is deeply antisemitic to post such stories on reddit.
This story comes after Israeli troops looted food, clothes, furniture, equipment from orphanage - yet we are to believe that Israel is the victim here, that they are the ones pushing for peace, that they are the ones defending themselves, that their army holds the highest moral rank in the world, and that they are the only civilized people in the region. And to hold them accountable for their actions is racist.

What's more deplorable about this incident is that more likely than not, if this shooting passes the radar of the MSM and mainstream attention (as most incidents of this nature mostly do), the soldier will not even be disciplined for his actions, much less be held legally accountable.
'Sniper' is a great biased word to use to show intent.  I doubt she was killed by a 'Sniper' but rather a stray bullet.
What are you, ten years old?  Did you call dibs on Jerusalem?  Are you going to deny uninterrupted Muslim presence in Palestine?

You know, there was the possibility of seeing Jews continue in Jerusalem but not exclusively and certainly not as a prize won of a contest to see which side could be the most brutal to the other.

You had your chance, and the way I see it now, you blew it.

Sometimes, just wanting something so much isn't enough.  There are some things you just don't get to have in this world.

You know, I'd like to get into Natalie Portman's pants.  Oooh, I'd really, really like that!  But I just have to accept it isn't going to happen.  Especially if I go off and do something boneheaded and abduct her or some such shit.  Oh sure, maybe I meant well, maybe it's an act of affection, maybe God told me to do it, but in the final analysis (when the police come to take me away) none of that matter.  Sometimes it is our own actions that deny us that which we covet most, and nothing in this world can ever undo that.

Understanding and accepting that is part of growing up.

Fucking grow up already!
Hey, one less arab we have to worry about strapping ballbearings and C4 to herself and killing real people.
Whenever there is a charge of Jews killing children, my antisemitism radar goes on.  Antisemitites have been charging that Jews have been killing babies as a blood libel for ages.  I find it hard to believe that any Israeli soldier, especially a sniper, would shoot a child in cold blood...and if its the case, the soldier should be prosecuted.  However, Occams razor suggests that it was probably a stray bullet.  Like that video footage of the kid being shot in the alley, this sounds like propaganda.
You cannot seriously expect any sensible international affairs coverage from any of the commercial broadcast networks.
It's a two way street. So an ambulance is more important than a girl by your assertion?
If we trimmed the bullshit out of our budget we could collect probably 10% of what we currently 'need'.
So that's roughly the same as the US Army? Oh wait, they've never cluster bombed a wedding party or anything.
From The Guardian:

&gt;*There is no doubt that many of the Palestinian dead were indeed militants, some involved in launching rockets towards Israeli towns. Several Hamas fighters were visible in Jabalia in their black fatigues, some armed, one carrying what appeared to be a detonator.*
&gt;
&gt;*But the number of civilians, including children , among the dead and injured was inescapable.*

So a question for you all. What should Israel do about the missiles launched by Hamas; and is retaliation never permissable if there's a chance of civilian casualty.

Oh, and I hope you were all similarly outraged by the shooting in the school in Jerusalem the other day. The UN wasn't able to express it's outrage baecause, according to the BBC:

&gt;*However, the 15-strong UN Security Council failed to agree on a resolution condemning the attack because of reservations from temporary member Libya*

Everyone lining up with Libya?
Exactly. People are assholes, no matter the nationality. So long as you make your 'enemy' non-human, you can do what you want.


So by extension we're no better than these assholes since we allow, and voted overwhelmingly both via proxy &amp; popular opinion at the time, for war in Iraq.


Something about stones &amp; glass houses seems appropriate here.
Now think of what her father, her brothers, her sisters or her, oh yeah, mother would feel after that, if they are still alive.
And you evidence for this looting is what? BTW, speaking of looting, do you care that Arafat has more that billion dollars in his personal bank accounts when he died? That seems like a rather more significant looting of Palestinians resources.
And he's been arrested, court martialed and will be sentenced. And he's not typical.
And they certainly made no attempt to get information from the other side. Or see if any Palestinians were shooting at the same time.
Unfortunately this isn't the first sniper shooting of Palestinian children by the IDF.  A year or two back 2 children were sniped in their homes as well as one child playing soccer with his friends.  I know [citation needed], but as soon as I have found them I will edit.
They love the hype here. 

Anything anti israel or america makes them wet in the panties.
&gt;very Jewish news media in America

Sorry?
Okay. The Second Temple stood in Jerusalem, off the top of my head, from 500 BC to 70 something AD. That is, a thousand years *before* Islam was born. Jews remained there ever since. 

The difference is, muslims came and went, but jews remained the very same jews. This can't be said, at all, about "palestinians", who have tried for years to establish connection of their own ancestry to the biblic philistinians, which has been debunked thoroughly as a complete falsehood since the *phlishtim* were exterminated around fifteen centuries before the Second Temple. The truth is that modern "palestinians" are entirely different from whoever inhabited the land even hundreds of years ago, that they are descendants of various conquerors who visited this land at different periods of history, mainly Jordanese, Lebanese and Syrians, and that their national identity, and subsequent "cause" for the land is an artificial construct that is designed to provoke hatred against jews and western presence in what you yourself call an islamic land. 

And you are willingly repeating these lies, defending a culture that is completely alien to you and hostile to your own values, and even try to build rational arguments on top of that.
It is a good thing you are so objective that you take any anti-Israel article at face value and accept the accusation. Even the lie in the article above.
Well then, I guess that voids this story.

&gt;Sami Abu Salem lives in Jabaliya Refugee Camp and works as an English news and features writer at the Palestine News Agency (WAFA). He has also worked at the International Press Center of the Palestinian Authority State Information Service, and works as a freelance writer for local newspapers, focusing on literature and arts. This article was originally published by Ramattan News Agency and is republished with the author's permission.
&gt;oh please, as if one violent act is any better than another violent act.

Some violent acts are better than other ones. Hitting you in the head to try to rape you is different from hitting you in the head to stop you from raping someone else.
Do you ask about the motivation of the author? That is, did you even bother to wonder if the story was true?
Huh?
Try reading it a bit more carefully: there is no evidence that she was killed by Israel, no evidence she was targeted. That does not means she deserved to die, but perhaps those blamed for it do not deserve the blame.
Why should they return the '67 borders? They took it when a bunch of animals tried to kill them, now you're singing a sad tune? Fuck that, the jews should take more land, don't give an inch to these fucking scum. Let 'em all rot.
You got down voted because you are not allowed to even think that Israel is not all-evil.
And our public school system is woefully underfunded.
I do. 

The story is by a muslim and I dont trust muslims, especially on muslim/jewish issues.
No, just self hating jews.

EDIT: Self hating jews that know antisemitic stuff sells. Especially online to leftist hangouts like reddit.
Sounds like you don't read the Guardian or most of the European press.
Those who use 12 year old girls as shields are dangerous.
Occam's razor can't suggest shit here, because according to the same agency's earlier report, the little girl was killed in the airstrike.
No, the majority of us just dont like muslims.
And Suha Arafat still has the money. Enjoying her life in France.
[deleted]
When you dont trust muslims to tell the truth, then yes it does effect the story.
I'm saying all muslims are biased and all muslims are liars.
How did you get on my friends list?
&gt;And you evidence for this looting is what?

http://www.palestine-info.co.uk/en/default.aspx?xyz=U6Qq7k%2bcOd87MDI46m9rUxJEpMO%2bi1s77TvQtG4%2f1yqs1ks%2ba%2b2e7SbQ5akE8SVz0akZWi5L8n%2fvwRRWW1HFLXVUl7fmvbR01uz5ELbmr6KJWSWAfmo9EaRxexbOsmwc1TEuC%2bJ08PM%3d

&gt; BTW, speaking of looting, do you care that Arafat has more that billion dollars in his personal bank accounts when he died? That seems like a rather more significant looting of Palestinians resources.

Yes, I care. That was a heinous and criminal act, so is this, and so is Israel's exploitation and occupation of Palestinian resources. The question is, why do you bring this up in concern with Israeli crime? You're just another apologist trying to lessen Israel's accountability by blaming the other side.
Name a country where that doesn't happen. Shit, the US is being run by Harliburton and KBR right now for their own benefit.
They are thinking "how can I kill as many enemies as possible", as I would if I were in the same situation.
Sorry, but the story does not sound even slightly reasonable. If it actually happened it would be easy to get real journalists to cover it.
If you are honest with yourself, there is no difference between a bomb dropped from a fighter jet or one strapped on as a vest. It's just a matter of resources.
[deleted]
&gt; Sorry, but the story does not sound even slightly reasonable.

Why, because the IDF is "the most moral army in the world," or because Israel has never committed criminal acts on unarmed civilians before?

&gt; If it actually happened it would be easy to get real journalists to cover it.

And I suppose your definition of a real journalist is someone who constantly asserts that Israel was defending itself in the process of committing the crime.

I like how you completely dismiss the news story with nothing but cheap shots at the author and the authenticity of the story, really solid evidence for disproving it there...
You are a very shitty human being, and the species as a whole is worse for having you as a member.
Great attitude. I'm sure that considering your neighbors to be animals and scum will help bring about mutual respect and peace...
Ohhh boo hoo
Respect? Muslims don't respect anyone but their own kind. And peace? What peace? Islam and peace do not go together...EVER.

I got your peace right here:
http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/
&gt; Okay. The Second Temple stood in Jerusalem, off the top of my head, from 500 BC to 70 something AD. That is, a thousand years before Islam was born. Jews remained there ever since.

A thousand years before Islam -- or so says your history book -- but not a thousand years before the forebears of today's Muslims lived there.  I don't see why preexisting religious affiliation entitles you to any greater claim than the fact of residency.

&gt; This can't be said, at all, about "palestinians"...

Right, yeah I've read this before, Palestinians aren't really Palestinians is what your words are saying but Palestinians aren't really people is what you mean.  The history of Israel is riddled with this kind of racist rhetoric.

The word games don't impress me.  The people do.  I don't care what they're called today or what they were called back then.  It is very clear that _many_ peoples have lived in this region across the millenia, and so then that there are many claims to the land that can be made if we use the standard Jews are using today in justification of the Jewish state.  The fact of your religion gives you no greater claim to the land in my eyes.

Did you have some kind of claim to live there?  I think yes.  But you had absolutely no right to establish a state for Jews only and drive everybody else out.  Chomsky and Einstein have this right:  a Jewish homeland with Jerusalem as its capital would've been a marvelous thing, but not a Jewish state, not occupation by force, not still another opportunity for violence in the name of God.

&gt; The truth is that modern "palestinians" are entirely different from whoever inhabited the land even hundreds of years ago...

My goodness, hardly an observation that can be applied to Palestinians alone.

&gt; ...that they are descendants of various conquerors who visited this land at different periods of history...

Don't look now, but you're a descendent of various conquerors who've visited here and there, we all have this kind of paternity.

&gt; ...and subsequent "cause" for the land is an artificial construct that is designed to provoke hatred against jews...

No, I think it's pretty clear what is provoking hatred against Jews in this specific case:  people were living in a place that Jews decided they wanted for themselves and so they took it by force.  Doesn't matter who was living there, or for how long; whatever claim you thought you had to that land was forfeited the minute the resort to violence was made.

&gt; And you are willingly repeating these lies...

You have your version of history, they have theirs.  Simply because Jews dominate so in the publishing industry does not make their sanctioned version of events the correct one.   And in any case, there is enough information that is not in dispute to allow impartial observers to make the call here as to who is right and who is wrong.

...defending a culture that is completely alien to you and hostile to your own values...

Alien, yes.  Hostile to my values, yes.  But not hostile to my existence.  And certainly not as hostile as America or Israel have been to theirs.

Stay pissed off.  But be pissed on your side of the green line.  And see if you can't bring yourself to understanding [the logic presented here](http://war-on-war.com/2006/07/dying-for-war.html).
You're claiming the news media in America is *very Jewish* and by insinuation, not to be trusted.

Plain antisemitism.
Killing civilians and firing on medical teams? Those are classified as war crimes...

Why doesn’t the UN sanction the Israelis for their atrocities? Where is the public outcry for the victims?
Can you blaim them? I would do everything in my power to kill them had that been my daughter...
How about just killing the combatants and not the civilians? How about checking your fire before you shoot?

It's not hard to tell the diffrence between a small chiled and a hamas soldure with an mpg...
Both sides have killed so many children, who can possible follow the thread of blame in any of this madness.
It's not unsusual for Israeli solders to shoot anyone including civilian woman and children. This has been documented a number of times...
So anything critical of the IDF written by a Muslim is an outright lie. Anything written that is critical of the IDF written by a Jew is unfounded self loathing. I suppose an article being critical of the IDF written by a neutral observer or even IDF soldier would simply be anti-Semitic propaganda? Why don't you just take some time to think about why you feel that Israel and the IDF are absolutely perfect and why so many people disagree with that.
It seems to me that, with Hamas launching from amongst the general civilian population, any military action against them will probably involve the killing of non-combatants, and children like this will die.

My question was, is that ever acceptable? If not, what should Israel do about the rockets? If yes, how should Israel mitigate the effects?
It's very common for Palestinian suicide bombers to kill civilians. And of course, Hamas launches rockets without a good idea where they'll land.

Think you forgot to mention that. Just helping you there.
The ends never justify the means when you kill innocent people...
would you have previously voted for Hamas? Would you have stood by while they launched rockets from your back garden?
Not to be trusted in matters relating to the Jewish state, certainly.

Or do you believe that the coverage we receive about the Middle East would be the same if instead of so many Jews we saw Muslims giving us our news instead?

And your use of the term _antisemitism_ is racist in its own right.  We do not get to engage in the kind of slaughter we've now seen in Iraq which has seen over a million Semites capriciously slaughtered without any kind of justification and still continue to use this word only to describe speech that racist Jews don't care for.

It really shocks the conscience to see this.

Edit: oh yeah, you mispelled it too, there's a hyphen and the S should be capitalized.
How does that have anything to doe with Isrealis killing innocent children? Why are you changing the subject?
Never?

So that's the 2nd World War done away with, then? And any bombing or rocket launching by Hamas?

I'll take it you'll be spending time on reddit mouthing off about how terrible it is that Hamas kills innocent people too?
It seems that [Haaretz independently confirmed](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/962399.html)  that there was an Israeli military operation in the street:
&gt;...when the Israeli soldiers came to their street, took over houses and put the whole neighborhood under siege. 

This appears to be a surprise assault to capture or kill specific targets, not a pitched gun battle. Are you claiming that some Palestinians, returning fire (of which there is no evidence in the Haaretz article), suddenly saw one of their own, a 12-year-old girl, and decided to take her out as a propaganda target of opportunity, just to blame it on Israelis?
Has anyone noticed how there are hundreds of Pallywood sites appear everyday?  Thanks to reddit I see this trend, it's got to be a handful of agencies who spread this propaganda.
I'm not changing the subject. I'm talking about people killing innocent people. In the Israeli case, as a calculation and a by-product of their stratgey. In the case of Hamas, as a deliberate strategy in itself.
They will now though. And that's the key point, something that Israel must be aware of and is embracing IMHO. Peace is not in their expansionist interests as conflict is their crutch.
Wow a total sob story with substantial information. How do we know it wasn't a stray bullet from a terrorist?
WOW - a nutjob news site. I'm shocked. Hey - check out their other stories. Americans are bad, JOOS hold the world to hostage and run everything despite making up a tiny percentage of the global population, yet somehow they oppress everyone. Those sneaky joos.
Dumbasses.
&gt;*And your use of the term antisemitism is racist in its own right. We do not get to engage in the kind of slaughter we've now seen in Iraq which has seen over a million Semites capriciously slaughtered without any kind of justification and still continue to use this word only to describe speech that racist Jews don't care for*

What a silly 'point':

http://reddit.com/info/6aj2w/comments/c03bt3k
I disagree. Israel has tried to offer a number of peaceful solutions. Gaza responded by voting for Hamas, a theocratic,fascistic bunch of Islamists derived from the Mulsim Brotherhood, whose own Charter commits them to violence against the Jews.
What the fuck are you going on about?

I've met Jews who COMPLETELY object to the very idea of Israel.

I've met Jews who are in favour of the state, but reject Israel's treatment of Palestinians and artificially maintained ethnic majorities.

You have NO idea what you're talking about asshole.
A minority of Jews object to the idea of Israel, sure.

But a substantial number are either apathetic or too afraid to call attention to themselves so they just go with the flow.

That's actually as pretty of a face as we can put on this at this point.
[citation]?

How can you say such absolute statements? 
How do you know it's a minority? 

Have you ever visited a Jewish Community?

Afraid to call attention to themselves? Where the fuck do you get that? Some of the most anti-Israel statements I've heard were at SHABBAT DINNERS....with Rabbis and such.

Man fuck you.
[If anyone can, it's the people doing the body counting.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al-Aqsa_Intifada#Children.2C_age_17_and_under)
Absolute statements are possible if confined to specific portions of the Jewish community.

You cite again another example of anti-Israeli Jews, but what does it matter, when a far larger number of Jews just don't give a shit?

The only thing we can say with any certainly about all Jews is that, they're all Jews.

No wait, with Jews, we can't even say that. :/
SHUTTUP MATT
[deleted]
Uhh...you can say that...it makes logical sense.

Assuming all Jews support Israel doesn't make sense.

And why should Jews have to give a shit about Israel? I mean I care...but why should someone else in the Jewish community HAVE to care about a nation-state.

It's their right to be apathetic about such things.
While that is true, the targets of the attack have a tremendous bearing on its 'moral acceptance'. Which means, the two are only comparable when targeting the same people. The airplane bomb targeting militants and killing civilians differs from the suicide bomb targeting civilians and killing soldiers. 

At the end of the day, both sides incur the loss of human life- some military some civilian. But the intention of the strike does matter.
It's looks like a fully fabricated story,  and in bad taste - in other words - clear and not smart propaganda. 

Listen to this: 
"*While Safa laid dying, the family waited as explosions, gunshots, drones and helicopters sounded all around them. Israeli forces cut the electricity and shot the water tanks on the roof. The radio and mobile phone batteries lost their power*."

What next?! Right - Titanic!!!
&gt;But you have to stand in awe of the americans when it comes to soldiers going on a rampage:
My Lai massacre - 1968

*Some of the company soldiers, including platoon leaders, later testified that the orders as they understood them were to kill all guerilla and North Vietnamese combatants and "suspects" (including women and children, as well as all animals), to burn the village, and pollute the wells.*

That was no rampage, it was planed and executed. That's what occupying powers do, they terrorize the population into consent.
&gt;Why, because the IDF is "the most moral army in the world," or because Israel has never committed criminal acts on unarmed civilians before?

Because they are not known for massive looting. I know that you have the view that since Israel and Jews are not perfect they are evil incarnate, but I don't share those false dichotomies. 

&gt;And I suppose your definition of a real journalist is someone who constantly asserts that Israel was defending itself in the process of committing the crime.

My definition of a real journalist is someone interested in reporting what happens rather than someone who looks for ways to attack a particular target.

&gt;I like how you completely dismiss the news story with nothing but cheap shots at the author and the authenticity of the story, really solid evidence for disproving it there...

Yes, somehow I did not prove the negative, that it did not happen. 

BTW, did you notice that the article actually seems to be supporting Hamas against Fatah. Which makes me wonder if Fatah did the looting.
Their vote, their choice. It's a very American attitude to embrace democracy until it annoys you, at which point you install a dictator.

IIRC Israel started attacking the moment they won the election. This would be analogous to the UK assassinating Gerry Adams after Sinn Fein got representation in Northern Ireland.

The Northern Ireland conflict is over (for now). How are Israel's peace "efforts" coming? I haven't glanced at the news for the last few decades. 

Attacking the ruling party of any country is not the action of a country that desires peace, regardless of the party in question.
&gt; The ends never justify the means when you kill innocent people...

This coming from someone who previously stated

&gt; I couldn't blame the Palestinians if they nuked Israel. The Israelis are asking for it

http://reddit.com/info/6av9q/comments/c03d0vy
Agreed. No one is arguing that the rocket attacks aren't terrorist in nature. But if Israel truly wants peace then they should stop killing "collateral damage", which only produces the next generation of terrorists. 

Israel does not want peace. It is their aim to conquer the whole country and they cannot build walls and new settlements without the conflict as justification.
Just a few days ago 8 students were killed in Israel by a Palestinian gunman and hamas took responsibility. I dont remember seeing anything about that here on reddit. However, every week there is a new story on here that is anti-Israel.

I really want like to community here at reddit, but its annoying to see this antisemitism on this site, and dont try to mask it otherwise.

No, I dont have an agenda, no im not jewish or muslim, and no I dont care enough to pick sides in any middle east conflict. Its just that I know that people that keep submitting these stories are just racists at heart, and thats enough to really bother me.

link to story - http://www.canada.com/ottawacitizen/news/story.html?id=e4c46a35-fbaa-4f55-a8dc-c4131e1ce325
Whenever someone mentions antisemitism when discussing Israeli politics, my right wing radar starts to whistle.


Here's the [2007 list of Child victims ](http://www.rememberthesechildren.org/remember2007.html), it goes back to 2000, with a small description of circumstances.
Even if it is true(which it is possible that it's not)

http://youtube.com/watch?v=sRmYYSp0-B8

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lq0gA7BQzzw
&gt;IIRC Israel started attacking the moment they won the election.

Really? Didn't know that. I have a record of a Qassam rocket attack that was fired from Gaza and landed near a nursery school, killing a 49 year-old and a 4 year-old.

In 2004.

So tell me. When did Hamas win the election?

&gt;Attacking the ruling party of any country is not the action of a country that desires peace

You read the Hamas charter have you?
[deleted]
Can someone explain this to me? Seriously, the jewish people know better then most the sting of cruelty and murder. And yet they are inflicting the same shit they once experienced 60 years ago.

So please can someone explain WTF is going on their heads?
thanks for a very credible article! bonus points for "other news" on the right: bush protected by robots!
That's because Hamas started attacking the moment it won the election.
I wouldn't claim MSM in America to *be Jewish*, but from a neutral European standpoint, CNN is clearly partial, fabricating a public opinion that favors Israel especially.
&gt; Assuming all Jews support Israel doesn't make sense.

That assumption was never made by me.

&gt; It's their right to be apathetic about such things.

Well that is a much more difficult question, but one I do not have time to answer now.
They are monsters.
So the only measurement for who is right, is the number of casualties?

So if we compare Japan to US in WW2 - Japan was right, US was evil.
You really believe that it's true?
Pathetic! Palestinian terrorists launch KASSAM from back yard with women and children standing on the roof and after somebody of them got injured or killed from Israeli response, starting crying and blame Israel.
The solution is very simple - stop shooting KASSAMS!!!
&gt; So please can someone explain WTF is going on their heads?

Go to Wikipedia and read about the conflict. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab_israeli_conflict

It is not nearly as simple as you believe.

If you are getting your news from reddit, you should know that just because it's not MSM, doesn't make it true. This article is a very clear fabrication. Meanwhile news of the new set of palestinian terror attacks gets downvoted.
&gt; But you have to stand in awe of the americans when it comes to soldiers going on a rampage:

Damn, you lead a sheltered life to be in awe of a few dozen people being killed. Here's two by Muslim Army's/Militias.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Algerian_massacres_of_the_1990s
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1971_Bangladesh_atrocities

Edit: And don't think I'm singling out the Muslims because the Serbs and the Russians(in Chechnya) will be offended.

And let's not even begin to discuss sub-Saharan Africa.
Really? Was it fired by the ruling party, or just some random terrorist? 

When Sinn Fein got representation there were still occasional attacks. Again, we wanted peace so we did not escalate, taking the lessons learned in decades of conflict and realising what causes terrorism in the first place.
They were attacking before they won the election as well.
Yes, but no radical US citizens are using their lack of money for food and infrastructure as an excuse for killing innocent civilians. Arafat preached that he wanted a better life for all palestinians ... this does not mesh well with his fortune. 

As for the US: Cheney should be in Jail for the KBR bullshit.
What the fuck is wrong with you guys.
[deleted]
Got me there, such a cogent argument.
&gt;but no radical US citizens are using their lack of money for food and infrastructure as an excuse for killing innocent civilians.

Not radicalism, but the poverty is. Looked at your prison populations lately? 

&gt; Arafat preached that he wanted a better life for all palestinians ... this does not mesh well with his fortune.

All political leaders are rich. It is necessary in the "democracy" we use. They need money and power to get public opinion which leads to votes. 

When was the last time there was a US president that wasn't a millionaire?
I'd you'd know that ... *how*?
And here's a [list of terrorist attacks on Israel](http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/terrorism/terrisrael-10.html),  you're welcome.
&gt;Really? 

What, you didn't ***know*** before you claimed Israel started attacking?

&gt;Was it fired by the ruling party, or just some random terrorist?

It was fired by Hamas.

&gt;When Sinn Fein got representation there were still occasional attacks.

By the 'Real IRA'. And that was *after*, not *before*. did you miss my point there that your timing was off, or something?
&gt;*from a neutral European standpoint*

??? i'm in the UK and I have no idea what you think you're saying there.

&gt;fabricating a public opinion

Eh?

&gt;that favors Israel especially

that realises Hamas is bunch of theocrats explicitly dedicated to the destruction of Israel in their Charter.
&gt; What, you didn't know before you claimed Israel started attacking?

No, it was sarcasm.

&gt; It was fired by Hamas.

[citation needed]. Was it a uniform that gave him away? A flag? 

&gt; By the 'Real IRA'. 

Sounds much the same then. Unofficial asshats who were in it for the violence. I deliberately set you up on that one, thanks for walking into it. 

&gt;  And that was after, not before.

The real IRA conducted attacks both before and after Sinn Fein got into power. 

Funded by American money, by the way. Thank you New York, those green buckets of change on St Patricks day went a long way into blowing up pushchairs at shopping malls. Just think, your dollar might have bought some nails or ballbearings.
She wasn't using it...
&gt; All political leaders are rich. It is necessary in the "democracy" we use. They need money and power to get public opinion which leads to votes.

Arafat didn't need money to get re-elected. His people were starving and lacked clean water and he hoarded money. Where did his money come from? 

CBS found that it came from public funds (as quoted by wikipedia):

&gt; The head of the investigation stated that "although the money for the portfolio came from public funds like Palestinian taxes, virtually none of it was used for the Palestinian people; it was all controlled by Arafat. And none of these dealings were made public

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yasser_Arafat

I agree that the US has issues with this, but amount of money a US has would not significantly help the American people like Arafats billions (which came from taxes) would have helped the palestinians.

To be very clear. I do not have a problem with rich politicians. I have a problem with corrupt politicians and I have a problem with people who get wealthy as their people suffer.
&gt;I find it hard to believe that any Israeli soldier, especially a sniper, would shoot a child in cold blood...and if its the case, the soldier should be prosecuted.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iman_al-Hams
[deleted]
I grow weary of sarcasm.  Write something effective without using sarcasm, would you?
The only place you are a majority is where you have concentrated yourselves using segregation, apartheid, military force and walls.
You say they don't usually get caught. how do you know that?
Every comment you offer reinforces what bastard_filling has to say about you.
That's your own form of denial, MikeSeth.
&gt;Unofficial asshats who were in it for the violence. I deliberately set you up on that one, thanks for walking into it.

no, it was a Hamas attack.

Here's a list of their Qassam attacks

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Qassam_rocket_attacks

Here's a list of their suicide attacks

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Hamas_suicide_attacks


&gt;I deliberately set you up on that one, thanks for walking into it.

Grow up, fatso
A lot of people are playing into that trap.
Wow you seem like an unbiased source!
[deleted]
He needed money to get there in the first place. The problem with politics is that those with the drive and the means to do it tend to be the last ones you'd want up there. 

I have to agree with all that you are saying, but IMHO I'd rather have a corrupt leader with a desire for peace than a war-loving "honest" guy. We have strange rules for these people; lying to initiate wars is OK but paying for sex isn't? You shouldn't steal money, but giving unneeded missile defence contracts to your friends is encouraged?
&gt;A lot of US soldier torture is not known about either, 

So how do you know about it?
We, as usual, agree on the core values but have different perspective on the specifics. 

&gt; have strange rules for these people; lying to initiate wars is OK but paying for sex isn't?

This occurred to me immediately when Spitzer got caught. I really don't have a problem with him seeing a prostitute (besides the hypocrisy concerning the stance he took with people on wall street). 

&gt; You shouldn't steal money, but giving unneeded missile defence contracts to your friends is encouraged?

Man, do people need to go to jail for that one
[deleted]
I'm against any action from any government that kills civilians, regardless...
Would you rather be outraged at a real problem or a fictional one derived from a real one, then?
&gt; It's looks like a fully fabricated story, and in bad taste - in other words - *clear* and not smart propaganda.

Yeah, that's what I thought as well, when I read it. Until I saw the comments here. Apparently it's very smart propaganda, or at least smart enough to convince most redditors.
What? Of course there have been worse atrocities. I was comparing IDF to the American military. My impression is that the Israeli soldiers show a bit more discipline and restraint than the Americans. But I don't know, please enlighten if I'm wrong on this.

Note that I'm talking about individual platoons or groups of soldiers that get out of control and go on rage rampages. Not ordered and planned massacres. That's a different sport, in which the Germans would trump all the Muslim amateurs.
&gt; What should Israel do about the missiles launched by Hamas

Hamas has offered ceasefire many times. Each time, it was Israel that broke it. Google for 'Hamas ceasefire' and see for yourself.

Besides, all the Arab countries have endorsed the Saudi peace initiative where Israel will enjoy a full comprehensive peace with all its neighbours in return for the going back to 1967 borders.

http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/843076.html

Even Hamas seemed interested:

http://www.ynet.co.il/english/articles/0,7340,L-3207845,00.html

Israel is the one who's not interested, and has never been interested in peace. The only time when it really was (early 90s with the signing of the Oslo accords), an Israeli shot and killed his peace-seeking Prime Minister. This was followed by the election of a right-wing nut who cancelled the peace treaty and tripled the sizes of the Israeli settlements on Palestinian land.

The fact is that Israel is in no hurry to achieve peace. They are in a position of power at the moment. They want to keep on expanding their borders while they can. What's happening in Gaza is just a distraction for what's happening in the West Bank. I wouldn't be surprised that once they secure all of the West Bank, they will invade Gaza again to "drive off bad Hamas."
This story isn't real, but very familiar in a terms of senses to the people, good fabricated one and its very easy to believe in to. That's why you buy it. And also because nobody brave enough to say aloud:"Yes, it is true, palestinian terrorists and HAMAS are the issue that need the REAL solution", and anyone are afraid enough to blame israelis and not to support Israel. OK, let it go, but be shure - it will be in front of YOUR house or in front of YOUR children's house and it's not too far away, terrorism is coming and you have to stop it. What do you think, those palestinian people have any money from the authorities? Nothing. Try to talk about it with real arabs from Gaza Strip, you will see what really happens in there. Grow up, it's mafia, drugs and weapons business and human trading - a lot of money, this is not MATRIX - it's real, man.
Fuck Israel?

How about fuck the suicide bombers that have killed hundreds of people, including lots and lots of children. Oh, and by the way, none of those people were harboring terrorists.

Maybe ambulances wouldn't get shot up if Palestinian terrorists didn't use any means necessary to kill Israelis, then maybe they'd get through.

Maybe if Palestinians didn't harbor and shield terrorists they wouldn't be in the crossfire. Oh yeah, maybe they'd see some international aid actually reach them rather than have it get siphoned off to guns or Arafat's hidden accounts.

Who elected a terrorist group to be your leaders? Are you fucking kidding me?

Anyone remember Arafat turning down an offer of a Palestinian state and substantial concessions? Why? Because it would have led to peace and a waning of his power (and ability to siphon off all the aid to his personal accounts). 

FUCK THE PALESTINIANS.
&gt; every week there is a new story on here that is anti-Israel ... annoying to see this antisemitism

Repeat after me: "Anti-Israel is NOT anti-Semitism."

Get it?

Besides, what's your point really? the last two days February witnessed the death of over 60 Palestinians, most innocent civilians. It's easy to go the "he said/she said" way, but that will not get us anywhere.
&gt; no, it was a Hamas attack.

ORLY? Did the president come out of the government offices and fire it himself? Has anyone claimed responsibility for it?

&gt; Here's a list of their Qassam attacks

Wow. What a short list, who knew how overblown this topic is! Israel has killed more people in the past week or so than that whole list shows. 

What exactly is your point?

&gt; Grow up, fatso

LOL, says the guy who's presently using sock puppets to down mod all of my comments and adding to your own. Several people have contacted me already to suggest that you do this a lot.

You'd be struggling to get any more childish than that mate! Honestly, you are teh funnie!
[deleted]
I remember hearing about Hezbullah using ambulances to move around in during their spat with Israel, seems logical to me that using an ambulance for military purposes might be damn near common.
"Besides, all the Arab countries have endorsed the Saudi peace initiative where Israel will enjoy a full comprehensive peace with all its neighbours in return for the going back to 1967 borders."

Ha-ha!!!
Do you really think that it's possible and realistic to get back to 1967's borders (this means to give real land, territory)and to get just a word of arabic states to live in peace with Israel?! It's equal exchange?
The word of arabic countries don't worth a penny.
I'm just spewing bullshit like everyone else in this thread. Of course my bullshit goes against the other bullshit so it angers you. Eitherway, it's all bullshit.
O_o
IT DOESN'T TAKE MUCH TO CONVINCE REDDIT THAT AN ISRAELI DID SOMETHING HORRIBLY PUPPY-KICKING EVIL.
I think you never been on the war theater. Exactly - it's simply impossible for the Israeli Army to response to the HAMAS launching of KASSAMs and not to injure or kill any of civillians. Just like that. And terrorists knows it pretty good. That's why they continue shooting their KASSAMs all the time!!!
&gt; Muslim land

What exactly is "Muslim land"?
BRAVO, PALLYWOOD.  ONCE AGAIN YOU HAVE MANAGED TO FOOL REDDITORS INTO BELIEVING OUTRIGHT BULLSHIT (TAKE A LOOK AT THE REST OF THE SITE, PEOPLE!  AND WHY HAVE I NEVER HEARD OF RAMMATAN NEWS AGENCY?), SIMULTANEOUSLY GIVING THE APPEARANCE OF WEAKNESS *WHILE EXERCISING A LARGE, HOMEGROWN MEDIA APPARATUS*.
Well, then it is ok that the Palestinian leadership has ripped off the Palestinian people for decades. Others do it, so it just fine. Of course we can still blame Israel for the state of the Palestinian people, we can still blame Israel for doing things that other countries do. There is no particular reason to judge Israel by the same standards used to judge others.
What does this have to do with Arafat taking billions from the Palestinian people? That is what he ended up with, not what he used for bribes.
What if the corruption causes much of the poverty that leads to the war? What if the leader both wants war and wants to steal money?
I'm shure you hates also afro-americans, hispanic people, chinese an so on. Racist and lyers-beliver. Don't cry, mommy buy you big KASSAM-o-POP(tm)!

And "peace activists" at first need to read better 9/11 Commission Report and to ask themselves why BBC Reported WTC7 Building Collapse 20 Minutes Before It Fell instead of smell all over the junky laundry of the Gaza Strip!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7SwOT29gbc
During the last two or three generations the Jews have recreated in Palestine a community, now numbering 80,000… it is essential that it should know that it is in Palestine as of right and not on the sufferance. That is the reason why it is necessary that the existence of a Jewish National Home in Palestine should be internationally guaranteed, and that it should be formally recognized to rest upon ancient historic connection.'
If you're bullying a small person, and they go and hide behind their mother, it's not really a great reason to punch their mother in the face.
No one wants their child to die. However a lot of people don't care about other peoples children ... like hmm maybe people who are terrorists.
Would you think that analogy at all appropriate if you were the one facing down the ambulance speeding in your direction?
That's weird, I work with a bunch of muslims at  the medical clinic, I feel pretty respected by them, and it's certainly mutual.  I guess your emotionally charged racial hate of an entire group of people must be correct, despite direct experience to the contrary.
http://www.anti-cair-net.org/HamasHumanShields.gif
http://www.intelligence.org.il/sp/sib3_04/images/k_12l.jpg
hmmm maybe this is why she got shot?
&gt;I'm just spewing bullshit 

Could have had a perfect post by ending there.
Which of course wasn't the situation here at all?
&gt;Did the president come out of the government offices

Let me see now. Your position is based on the cross-fingered blind hope that Hamas weren't responsilbe for these attacks?

&gt;What exactly is your point?

That you're a lying apologist for theocratic fascism. Obviously.

&gt;to down mod all of my comments

You get downmodded because you're full of shit. Rememebr when you told me it was cold enough to cauterise wounds in July in the UK?
It doesn't anger me. It just interests me.
&gt;Hamas has offered ceasefire many times.

The charter of Hamas states that it's dedicated to the violent overthrow of Israel.

&gt;Israel is the one who's not interested, and has never been interested in peace

Not true. Read the Hamas charter. Get yourself an *education* rather than a *prejudice*.

&gt;They want to keep on expanding their borders while they can.

Really. So they withdrew form Gaza to confuse us?
I think that's not a moral position.
You're right, that wasn't a good example of an out-of-control rampage. Still, Iskandriya, Haditha, Hamdaniya, Tikrit, Mahmudiya, and Ishaqi incidents can replace it as better examples, as I'm sure you would agree.
I didn't say he was a jew. I said he sounds like one. And I stand by that perfectly logical claim. That goes to ALL MORONS UPMODDING YOUR COMMENT. READ YOU MORONS.

Now...What European paper is pro-palestinian then (that is online so i can access it)?
What really makes me sick is that whenever a story like this appears the apologists come running ... "yeah but you forgot to mention the innocent (israeli/palestinian) civilians that (israel/palestinians) kill."  Can't you apologists just be fucking human and feel disgusted with all of this needless murder regardless on who is dieing ... There is no justification!
Unhappy with the negotiations Arafat started the second intifada. Who's to blame for the talks ending is open for debate but the Palestinians response is well documented. He could have kept talking. They weren't happy with what the Israelis were offering? Um.. counter offer maybe, that's kind of the definition of negotiation.



The fact is they knew the Israeli's had overwhelming force and still went down this (calculated) path. Trading their brother's death and suffering for political points.

Whether or not your think the Israelis are wrong, wrong, wrong- the second intifada was a horrible strategy.


*edit*
Apparently some here think this was a great strategy. If so, why so upset about the deaths?
Sounds like you don't either.
It doesn't make it "fine" but it does put us in a position where criticising them for that is highly hypocritical. 

Israel are being judged on their actions, namely the illegal occupation of foreign territory, continued settlement of foreign territory and collective punishment. All are illegal in international law. 

Hamas terrorists can do whatever their warped little minds suggest, however it does not excuse Israel for their continued illegality.
Land where Muslims live?
Dear BraveSirRobin.
Do you think that any citizen (especially children) of Sderot, Ashkelon and other towns near the Gaza can sleep at night because of KASSAMs?
Do you really think that any of them gives a f*ck what happens to civilians of Gaza Strip and particulary to arab children in Gaza after Israeli Army's response to KASSAMs launching?
Do you really think that they are wants to stop to response to KASSAMs launching?
What your real-time solution, not bla-bla-bla's.
Then you vote for him in 2000, then again in 2004. And if you vote for his successor McCain there will be more war and thievery to come.

You criticise Palestine for being corrupt at the expense of the poor there. I say that corrupt rich nations are a far greater risk to the planet. Just look at the rest of the middle east, the whole area is a disaster after the Brits and Yanks have tried to corrupt it for their own ends for over a century. Private enterprise has driven wars. That is worse than anything Arafat has done.
Fuck you.
&gt; Your position is based on the cross-fingered blind hope that Hamas weren't responsilbe for these attacks?

No, the burden of proof lies with the accuser. There were rockets before they were in power and there were rockets after. I've yet to see any suggestion that the distribution of power in Palestine has anything to do with that. The terrorists will operate regardless of politics. 

&gt; That you're a lying apologist for theocratic fascism. Obviously.

Which side? Both are covered by that description. 

&gt; Rememebr when you told me it was cold enough to cauterise wounds in July in the UK?

You mean that time I chose the wrong word and you would not let it go? And you are saying I am childish?
Maybe this could be why: http://youtube.com/watch?v=nWIegq3KzWc
&gt;No, the burden of proof lies with the accuser

And you're sure that Hamas didn't lay claim to these attacks? And you have another candidate for the launching of Qassam rockets into Israel from Gaza.

Stop and read that again. Is it dawning on you how stupid you're being?
&gt; Do you think that any citizen (especially children) of Sderot, Ashkelon and other towns near the Gaza can sleep at night because of KASSAMs?

The same can be said for their enemies.

&gt; Do you really think that any of them gives a f*ck what happens to civilians of Gaza Strip and particulary to arab children in Gaza after Israeli Army's response to KASSAMs launching?

I know for a fact that many just love those responses. They will have their children write messages on the bombs. The teach them to hate from a very young age, which isn't hard with the threats of rocket attacks. The Palestinians do the same to their kids. 

&gt; What your real-time solution, not bla-bla-bla's.

Look towards Northern Ireland. It's a similar problem with similar issues. It was solved via democracy, by effectively giving the terrorists a political platform. After they were given a voice the attacks (largely) stopped.

There was a chance of this when Hamas gained representation in Palestine. Unfortunately the Israelis used this as a pretext to launch more attacks, compounding the problem and giving the terrorists the drive to continue their actions.
But what if non-Muslims also live there? Like Baghdad or the UN Partition Plan approved territory of Israel. 

Also, after Muslims no longer live somewhere, how long before that lands reverts to not being Muslim land?
I'm so sick of coming on here every day and seeing anti-Israel propaganda. I'd like to see a more even news forum, because this, like digg, is full of people who take enjoyment in saying "die Jews" and the such.

It will always be the same. There will never ever be peace between the two sides, and all you liberals who think there will be are fools. This dates further back then you all think, to the time of Abraham, who bore two sons, Jacob and Ismael, born of two different mothers. From the start There was animosity between the two, and as they are the start of two nations, this rift has continued thousands of years, and will continue on.
Because this is a made-up propaganda story.
The UN had no right to partition land that wasn't theirs.

The land that is now called Palestine was never vacant.  I know that's a popular conceit in Israel, a way of pretending that no atrocity was committed when taking this land, but it isn't true and is today the sword that is hanging over your head.
&gt; The UN had no right to partition land that wasn't theirs.

Muslims were a minority in the land set aside for Israel by the UN. By your definition it was less Muslim land than Jewish land. 

Also, _my_ head?
Shouldn't we work togeder to end it?
... still waiting for that citation...
&gt;Then you vote for him in 2000, then again in 2004. And if you vote for his successor McCain there will be more war and thievery to come.

Huh?

&gt;You criticise Palestine for being corrupt at the expense of the poor there. I say that corrupt rich nations are a far greater risk to the planet.

I see, you were wrong so you want to change the subject. Now it is ok for Arafat to steal billions because rich countries do worse.
And that proves or even reasonably suggests that she was killed by an israeli sniper, how exactly?
Remember, though, you can't blame Israel for the bad conditions of the Palestinians people since you are willing to forgive their leaders for ripping them off for decades. Of course, if you think about it for a minute and realize how much money the PLO made off the misery of the Palestinian people it helps explain why they were not willing to negotiate a real peace.
I didn't write that, Churchill did...
So then what exactly is the point of racist ranting in a discussion thread if you recognize that everything you're saying is a load of crap? Seems like you should finish middle school before forming all of your opinions about the world. And think them through a little bit first.
Israel, Palestinians... whats the difference now?  Both sides have stooped to the same level.  Israel has lost any sympathy they used to have.
Congrats, once again you fail to recognize that Israel != All Jews, and Anti-Israel != Anti-semetic. Also, if you read the thread, you'd notice that this has been reported in a number of other news sources as well.
You'd probably fight pretty hard too if a wandering group of nomads moved into your country claiming rights from thousands of years ago and proceeded to relocate or kill your family and countrymen.
[deleted]
Doh.

Palestine was never Britain's to give.  Quoting Churchill in the hope of validating this outrage isn't any different than citing whatever nonsense the French spouted when selling off half of America to Jefferson.

Edit:  and I'm pretty sure the response of Native Americans to the French could be summarized with a hearty "fuck you" as well.
But you'd trust an Israeli?
I believe he's alleging that the anti-Israel sentiment comes from anti-semetism and this is why Israel is treated differently than every one else on reddit.
In that case anti-Israel == anti-semetism

&gt; Besides, what's your point really? 

His point is that propaganda (like the website this thread is about) is presented and largely accepted as fact. Meanwhile, reputable sources on the other side are ignored and down modded.
I honestly don't think it's realistic to believe that we (meaning this generation) somehow holds the key to make this possible. What advantages do we have over generations for the past thousands of years. And even if their is a short term peace we will see the rise if some Zealot, who believes that he is right, and creates a following of people who believe him. This is how all dictators have come into power. I.e. Hitler, Idi Amin, Bin Ladin, Bush. It is the natural way of man.
downmodded for attempting to have a productive discussion on reddit.
Excuses for killing innocent people is not justification for it. 

I suppose you would be fine if in pursuit of a murder suspect the police killed your daughter. I'm sure your attitude would be they were in the right and she was simply collateral damage, right?
[deleted]
Well, the arab leaders actually conceded it during negotiations made with the british when they fought to bring down the Ottoman empire.  You can point your outrage squarely at Mr. Hasyn bin Ali and all the other arab leaders that wanted to drive the turks out of gaza, syria, and jordan so they could take the land for themselves.
I never said it was OK, not even close to that. I just pointed out the hypocrisy of our own governments in this regard.
Having watched this back-and-forth for a while, I think I only have one small new take on this whole issue, and I feel like I have to get it out there somewhere... 

This sort of conflict brings out feelings of abject despair, not helped by the fact that equally wrenching misery is unfolding around the world.  Both parties to this particular conflict have demonstrated a complete indifference to human suffering.  It has been said uncountable times that the pain will not end until one side demonstrates the nobility, humanity, and humility to put down their arms.  I blame both parties entirely for not doing so now.  But that being said, the Israelis are the only ones in the psychological position to end this nightmare.  They have the easiest route towards peace, because the Palestinians are up against desperation, a profound barrier to gentle and rational thought.  I've come to the conclusion that we should focus on exhorting/pleading for the Israelis to stop because they are the ones with the weaker excuse for ignoring reason.

... anyway, my $0.02.
Agreed, most in Hamas do not want peace, they are terrorists and I have been very clear in my choice of words. There are also other benefits besides revenue for these groups. The concept of an external enemy to unite against is very common in politics. Both sides in this particular conflict thrive on it.
So, by your estimation, if a slave holder should give me one of his slaves to keep as my very own, I am somehow absolved of the crime of owning a slave because it was not I who was originally responsible for his enslavement?

Your comment is not a little bit racist.  If Arabs are entitled to give away other Arabs, then am I entitled to give you away since I am non-Arab and you are too?  Is that how it works?

If you can for a moment consider that those living in Palestine were individual human beings with basic rights that should have been no different from our own then perhaps you can begin to see the folly of Israel.

Just because somebody in some far away land said it was OK doesn't mean it is so.

Turing won that war.  Churchill just drank.
Is your reading comprehension failing?

You made the assertion that as soon as they got in power the attacks started. They predate the elections by a long time.

My point was that there is nothing to link the election of Hamas to the rockets that followed. 

So, perhaps the Israelis *might* be justified in violating another countries sovereignty to tackle Hamas because of the rockets, which of course is stupid as it only results in more hatred and terror attacks. 

HOWEVER (caps intentional), this does not make it OK to invade and decapitate the government should said government suddenly include people who represent them. That is an act of war, not self-defence. 

As I keep saying, there are many similarities to Northern Ireland here and none of the lessons have been learnt. Those who do not know history are destined to repeat it.
He is a troll. Ignore him.
The national expositor Reddit?! This is a news source that makes the front page now?!

God, your hatred of israel has hit new lows.
[deleted]
A news report describes an officially sanctioned, armed military raid by Israeli troops in the neighborhood. The alternative hypothesis involves several major unfounded assumptions: 1) armed Palestinian gunmen in exactly the same neighborhood, who 2) weren't too busy to do this extra shooting, and 3) were willing to kill one of their own *as a spur-of-the-moment impulse* 4) who was a 12-year-old girl (which should be evident through a sniper scope). 

I'm not saying that it "definitively proves" it, but Occam's Razor certainly gets it to the "reasonably suggests" level. There is less evidence to "reasonably suggest" your hypothesis in this case.

BTW, although the usual spelling is Occam, he was not an Arab, but an [Englishman](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occam%27s_razor), also known as William of Ockham -- so you don't need to worry about accusing him of anti-Israeli bias. 

If you don't have any evidence *in this specific case** that there were Palestinian snipers in the neighborhood at the time, as opposed to just your general bias against them, it's pretty much evident that you're just trolling.
&gt; Very few people sink that low.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dolphinarium_massacre#Killed
what else is new? Most of the IDF are condescending raging scumbag assholes tripping off of power with no accountability anyway.
How do you know the ambulance drivers were not going to transport terrorists? (/sarcasm)
I don't understand how my comment is racist, please explain.  Ignoring arab responsibility for the crisis makes you complicit in the palestinian suffering.  Nice shout out to Turing...
Yes, and after further research it has been found to be untrue, look at the comments above.
Well as it turns out the story in the article isn't true, and she wasn't killed by a sniper. And if one Israeli soldier did go crazy and shoot a civilian like that, there should be a court martial and the soldier in question sent to prison. The problem people have is when you blame all of Israel for one crazy persons actions, thats when they attempt to justify it. Otherwise its one crazy guy who should be rotting in prison.
Why the hell are Isreali snipers scoping out people's HOMES in the first place?
After shooting a twelve year old girl, they shot at the fucking ambulance? How sick are these people????
Using your logic we should ban all planes.  I mean they were used by terrorists to attach the WTC.
http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2005/jun/28/comment.israelandthepalestinians

http://www.fromoccupiedpalestine.org/node/1432

http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9A0DE3D7143BF931A25757C0A9659C8B63

Thank you Aussie_Bob
[deleted]
Yep, Pallywood.

If you watch the videos you notice everyone is well fed- some are even chubby, wearing clean clothes, laughing, smiling. Yep, looks like genocide.

Now these videos are supposed to show the horrible conditions in an area. I would think they would show the starving children and beggars, etc.

I watched on where they were in a Palestinian hospital- you know the ones with no water lighting, etc. It looked like every hospital I've ever been in. In fact the doctors were even wearing suits under their whites.
It's a fake news story
&gt;You made the assertion that as soon as they got in power the attacks started. They predate the elections by a long time.

How drunk are you?

***I*** pointed out that the rocket attacks predated Hamas getting into power. Here:

http://reddit.com/info/6blv6/comments/c03ew7r

***You*** were the one claiming the started once Hamas hot it. Here:

http://reddit.com/info/6blv6/comments/c03ew46

&gt;My point was that there is nothing to link the election of Hamas to the rockets that followed.

And I asked you:

1) Are you certain Hamas didn't proudly lay claim the them
2) Who the hell else is launching Qassams?

Idiot.
You are a liar because you have absolutely no evidence to back up your statement. You are also a well-known apologist participating in the propaganda effort in support of Israel's war crimes.
...*to everyone else* Do I even need to respond to him??? Will it do any good? I didn't think so.
I've asked that question several times myself.
They believe that their g_d wants them to behave like this.  It's really that simple.
The US vetoes all resolutions directed at Israel in the Security Council.  There is a very long list of resolutions adopted by the General Assembly against Israel's behavior.
Evidence of it being fake:
1) The source. Look at the articles on the page and the site. They are simply ridiculous. My favorite: "Bush Protected By Robots During Middle East Visit." The video is classic
2) The story offers no proof or evidence that it was an israeli that killed her or that it was a sniper. 
3) This is from the same news agency that the author works for:

http://english.ramattan.com/newsdetails.aspx?news_id=37734

Quotes:

    During the series of air strikes on Jabalia, the Israeli missiles also killed an eleven-year-old, Safa Abu Saif, in the neighborhood of Abed RAbbu, in Jabalia.

    The father switched a fan on to keep the body cold inside the house while waiting for paramedics.

    By: Sami Abu Salem Gaza, March 2, 2008, (RNA)

And then in the reddit version (which is another press release of the same agency that completely contradicts the first one):

    The unemployed Ra'd said that his little daughter went to bring some clothes of her children from the second floor, "she has just reached the door of the room, the Israeli sniper on a nearby building shot her on her chest".
So first it was missiles, and then it was a sniper who went INTO Gaza, got on top of a building in the middle of "palestinian" neighbourhood, during an airstrike, and shot a girl.

4. Read the article, it's quite bias. Does not interview or attempt to interview the otherside.
Now, watch one of the Israeli supporters / apologists try to change the subject.  They will ask you, for instance, if you've ever voted for Hamas.  Or, they'll ask you if you've stood by or helped while 'rockets' are launched from your garden.
Nice ... changing your post after I respond. That's sort of what I've come to expect from someone who openly supports and approves of terrorists.
Changing the subject is one of the favorite tactics of the Israeli apologists.
Falsely accusing someone of racism is hateful behavior. You shouldn't be doing it.
Which programs have you deemed require more funding?
I wonder why that is...
&gt; I pointed out that the rocket attacks predated Hamas getting into power. Here:

My bad. I thought the election was as long ago as 2004, instead of 2006. 

So, can I expect to be reminded of this in two years like your usual habits suggest?

&gt; You were the one claiming the started once Hamas hot it. 

Assuming you meant "got in", no, that is not what I said nor is it even close. I said **Israel** attacked and systematically took out the Hamas politicians.

&gt; Are you certain Hamas didn't proudly lay claim the them 

No, I'm not certain. 

You are avoiding the key debate: the morality of Israel attacking a democratically elected party just because they don't like each other. 

&gt; Who the hell else is launching Qassams?

Hamas are not the only group. It's a very incorrect image of all terrorists belonging to some super-special global club.
My logic? I didn't make any statement. I just posted videos of terrorists using ambulances. In such cases, if Israel fires on the ambulance, Israel comes out as the bad guy. WHich is the goal of the terrorists.

I don't see what connection that has in any way shape or form with planes
And how many people do you know in the IDF?
Education and space programs.  I know it's taboo, but considering the chunk that social security takes out of our budget yearly, I feel it should be privatized.

Anyway, education and the space program need more money, and if we're talking about increasing American productivity, etc, then how about some civil works projects?  I mean, shit we actually need.  There's enough of that to go around for generations.
Your first assertion, that Israel should stop it's collateral damage campaign, is valid enough. 

Your second assertion, however, is a product of tortured thinking. You arrived at the conclusion because it is the conclusion you intended arriving at. Professing to know the 'true' goal of Israel just because you disagree with an aspect of their military campaign, is not valid logic. 
Israel's collateral damage campaign could be spawned by a number of valid explanations, only one of which can be "to conquer the whole country".
Fuck people.  We don't deserve the lives we're so lucky to have.
Which specific portions of the education and space program have you identified need more money?
your fervent attempt at debunking wreaks at desperation...
63
So you are saying we trust the Israelis?

Can I have some links to footage?
agreed. sarcasm and irony has gone too far these days.
Don't read Ugly the Cat if you're sad!  It won't help!

Just a warning.
For the record, shooting water tanks is an actual tactic. They do it by count; commander says "fifty" and they shoot fifty tanks. When you shoot a boiler full of water, it pops like a cherry, and is very expensive to fix. It's a proven method of educating local population to discourage Hamas from using civilian cover to shoot.
Because if jews aren't the problem, then there's no obvious solution?
And a different headline, one which doesn't lie.
Does what?
Except for the minor but important fact that you yourself are a nomad and you don't actually have a country.
Epic.
&gt; The same can be said for their enemies.

And once again I ask reddit. If there were no rocket attacks and suicide bombings, exactly what motivation would we have to engage "palestinians" with military force?
And another one - the one that every Israeli knows about - is that Israel would rather execute airstrikes and artillery strikes, which are inherently more expensive, but do not put Israeli footmen soldiers' lives at risk. And considering that the source of agression is arabs - these days, specifically, Hamas - we don't need to shame ourselves when having to choose between the lives of our troops and the lives of those who harbor and enable terrorists.
There are no two parties. There are at least six.
So, how do you rationalize my position, considering that I'm an atheist?
Because it was a missile, and not a bullet.
My god, will you stop with WTC7 already. The owner of WTC7 has said on PBS tape that the building was brought down.
I disaprove of Israel's policies in general. Stories such as this one are moving and make a good rallying call for opposition to Israeli military policy. However, I don't need such stories to have come to my opinions.

A 40-year occupation is a failure of state and policy, no matter how you look at it. If you haven't been able to assimilate the locals then either you have been doing it wrong or the task was impossible from the very beginning. Time to pack up and go home.

Worse yet, it sets a precedent for pre-emptive invasion and occupation that the US has followed, to the detriment of world peace and prosperity.
I wonder where I heard his argument before.

Oh wait, I know. From malv, who loved to use the word "kike". And, IIRC, got banned for it.
Oh awesome, just look what came in to support your argument: [Ceasefire with Hamas has just been announced](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3517968,00.html)

Kind of craps on your point, now doesn't it?
Way more than a muslim.

edit: WAY more than a muslim.
But everyone elses bullshit is A OK in your book, correct? Because their bullshit is inline with your viewpoints. But my hate filled comments, those are upsetting!

Fuck off.
A wiser man than me once told me that time would heal the wounds in the Middle East. As past attacks and atrocities fade into memory, passions will die, and both parties will eventually meet for lasting peace. China and Japan are at peace, despite much worse crimes committed by the Japanese. Vietnam and the US are at peace, despite lingering problems from Agent Orange.

Of course, for time to heal the wounds in Israel and Palestine, both parties would have to stop the cycle of retaliation and counter-retaliation. That won't happen so long as the Palestinians are oppressed and their lands stolen.
Yeah, other people's BS isn't hate filled ranting though, douchebag. So yeah, it is quite a bit less tiresome than having to sort through some troll's comments while trying to read a discussion.

&gt;Because their bullshit is inline with your viewpoints.

And actually, a good chunk of the time, esp. in threads like these, it's not in line with my viewpoints. However, you'll learn eventually that there is a difference between discussing and ranting, and ranting gets boring once you grow up.
&gt;Yeah, other people's BS isn't hate filled ranting though

rofl please
[deleted]
But our government is entirely irrelevant to this discussion. You are working to change the topic.
Wrong, try again.
Thank you! Fucking thank you! I've been saying it for a while now, fuck Israel.
I would agree with you on your more overall statement, that Israel should exercise a more 'precise' targeting of the terrorists even with the risk of loss of human life, but I disagree with you about what the intentions of the current strategy are. 
It is common knowledge that Israel's usual approach to the rocket attacks are airstrikes. The problem with these airstrikes is that they kill many civilians. You believe, correct me if I'm wrong, that Israel prefers the airstrikes because of two reasons, 1- the collective majority does not value Palestinian life as they should, and 2- Israel does not want to put it's soldiers at risk of death. 
I think the more pragmatic way of interpreting the situation is as follows: A certain mission to eliminate terrorists, call it Mission A, can be complete through either an airstrike- which will cost $50,000, or an incursion- which will cost $15,000 and may claim the life of one or two soldiers. 
From an economic perspective, it is much more practical to carry out the mission from the air. It is what any country with the 'upper hand' would do. Israel is financially stable (thanks to the American taxpayer), has a solid economy, and will not feel a strong effect from continuing its strikes in this manner. Whereas, completing Mission A with the risk of loss-of-life, would create a much more dire situation in the country. The public would mourn the loss, their would be outcries of disappointment in the government leadership etc. etc. 

I certainly agree with you though, the Israeli attitude towards losing innocent lives in airstrikes is entirely unacceptable. New strategies must be implemented to ensure that militants are the only ones killed in these operations.
Proof?

Oh woops, I asked for proof from someone whose certain he's right and bases that assertion on the words of a government at war with another country.
**Megaphone accounts here are in greater numbers than ever.**
yet you have no retort
If you wait for the other side to be the 'better' man then expect a long wait.
what? did you reply to the wrong comment?
Yeah, your barely related analogy surely excuses an outrageous breach of one of of the laws of war most effective at protecting innocents.
No, i replied on correct comment. 
The right or wrong is not in who is weaker or who has more casualties.
American law would rightfully blame that death on the murder suspect. This would not lessen the loss of the person killed, but it attributes blame to the correct party.
The second intifada started when Sharon visited the Al-Aqsa mosque. Arafat did not start anything, unless you consider permitting Sharon to visit the mosque, a trap.

The negotiations you mention are nothing but an attempt to extort land.
The only solution, the only fair solution for both parties, is the Arab League proposal from 2002.
well i said nothing about right or wrong nor about number of casualties. just a simple rule-of-thumb for what to expect in violent conflict
So why aren't the Israeli murderers being brought to justice?
&gt;i'm in the UK and I have no idea what you think you're saying there.

[AIPAC](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Israel_Public_Affairs_Committee), therefore we Europeans are neutral.

&gt;that realises Hamas is bunch of theocrats explicitly dedicated to the destruction of Israel in their Charter.

The Iron Lady also said the ANC was a terrorist organization, which it was until Mandela got out of jail and changed it.
Why not give Hamas the same chance?
[Here's a more detailed list from that same period.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Violence_in_the_Israeli-Palestinian_conflict_2006)

Why should a much shorter list detailing only Israeli deaths impress me more?
Didn't the second intifada start in 2000?

From Wikipedia (I know):
"Non-Muslims were barred from entering the site in 2000 but the restriction was lifted in 2003"

So non-Muslims were allowed in before and then denied, the allowed. This is a reason to start fighting with a vastly superior force?
Whether it's a "holy" place now for Muslims Jerusalem itself started as a Jewish holy place- has been for approximately 3,000 years. 

Personally I think "holy places" are BS but if the Muslims think it's a reason to go to war over the Jewish have much strong claim to being offended. What's good for the goose...

As for the 2002 proposal. How could Israel think the Palestinians would act in good faith? How could they negotiate at all knowing if they counter offered buses would start exploding? Then of course they would be castigated as not being sensitive at best and of "insulting" the Palestinians? "You've insulted us by bargaining" ...boom!

Remember also the Palestinians being hanged, beaten to death, dragged through the streets for being spies? Or perceived as moderate? This was by other Palestinians.
You don't even understand your own analogy. 

&gt; I suppose you would be fine if in pursuit of a murder suspect the police killed your daughter. I'm sure your attitude would be they were in the right and she was simply collateral damage, right?

The murder suspect in your analogy is the terrorist. The police are Isrealis. Israel goes after the palestinian terrorists like the police go after the murder suspect. In pursuit, an innocent party is killed. Just as the murder suspect is to blame for the death of that innocent party, the palestinian terrorist is to blame for the death of the innocent party. 

As I stated before, it does not make the death any less tragic, but blaming Israel is   incorrect.
Racial hatred. Do you really need me to dig out the videos of Israeli children throwing stones at and spitting on arabs?

Ultimately, they have the whole "gods chosen people" thing going on, combined with the belief in an ethnic right to land. I'm surprised they aren't speaking German and goose-stepping.
What point?
So if the Israelis who did the killing are not to blaim, who is? The victim perhaps?
&gt; So if the Israelis who did the killing are not to blaim, who is? The victim perhaps?

Wow ... can you not read or are you just lazy?

&gt; the palestinian terrorist is to blame for the death of the innocent party.
&gt; Israel does not want peace. It is their aim to conquer the whole country and they cannot build walls and new settlements without the conflict as justification.
&gt; Racial hatred. Do you really need me to dig out the videos of Israeli children throwing stones at and spitting on arabs?

Go ahead, post all five of them, LOL.

&gt; Ultimately, they have the whole "gods chosen people" thing going on, combined with the belief in an ethnic right to land. 

"They", that is us, are not a homogenous religious group.

&gt; I'm surprised they aren't speaking German and goose-stepping.

I don't know if I should invoke Godwin here.
And? This is a "lull", not a ceasefire. Are Israel going to:

* remove the apartheid walls?
* withdraw from the illegal settlements?

No? Didn't think so.
Right, so the Israelis shot and kill and innocent Palestinian civilian yet the Palestinians are to blame?

Nice logic you've got there....

I'm sure that logic would hold up in a court...The nazis used that same defense at Nuremburg and was tossed out of court...Yeah sorry that just doesn't hold water...

The Israelis need to pay for their war crimes...
&gt; Go ahead, post all five of them, LOL.

Almost all of the settlers have those beliefs. It's not rare as you suggest. 

&gt;  "They", that is us, are not a homogenous religious group.

I have already agreed to that elsewhere. However the racists have enough power to be a policy influencer. If they did not then the illegal settlements would not exist. Instead, not only to they exist, but they are defended by the Israeli army. I'd say that was government approval, yes?

&gt; I don't know if I should invoke Godwin here.

Emm, I think I already did.
First, I didn't say "the palestinians" are to blame. I said the terrorists are to blame.

&gt; Nice logic you've got there....

It was your logic, idiot. You can't read or comprehend, so it's not surprising you side with terrorists. 

You stated:

&gt; I suppose you would be fine if in pursuit of a murder suspect the police killed your daughter. I'm sure your attitude would be they were in the right and she was simply collateral damage, right?

I stated the correct Legal standard, where criminals on the run are responsible for putting civilians in harms way. This is what Hamas does. 

&gt; The nazis used that same defense at Nuremburg and was tossed out of court

False, the nazis never claimed that violent criminals on the run were responsible for the death of jews, gypsies, etc.

It's unfortunate that whenever your wrong (which occurs alot) you choose to use a strawman or say something so idiotic that responses are few. 
You really hurt your cause. People who do not have their mind made up read what you write and figure that all people who support the palestinians are wackos. So for that reason, keep it up.
It isn't intended to impress you, just to show you that Israeli military operations are conducted in response to acts of agression, and not the other way around.
&gt; Almost all of the settlers have those beliefs. It's not rare as you suggest.

It is very rare, in fact. So rare that even the most dedicated jew hater wouldn't be able to name more than 3-4 violent acts by settlers. Settlers are the fringe of Israeli population, and their nationalism is not shared by the majority that lives in urban areas at all. Comedy shows make fun of them on national TV quite often. 

&gt; I have already agreed to that elsewhere. However the racists have enough power to be a policy influencer. If they did not then the illegal settlements would not exist. Instead, not only to they exist, but they are defended by the Israeli army. I'd say that was government approval, yes?

With people's implied approval as well. Whether you like racists or not, they are still Israeli citizens and they still have the same rights not to be killed as those who live in Tel Aviv. While I personally believe that the policy of slow expansion of settlements is stupid and counterproductive, I dont regard it to be an out of jail card for arabs.
&gt; dedicated jew hater

Drop that right away. This has NOTHING to do with Judaism. Israel != Judaism. 

&gt; wouldn't be able to name more than 3-4 violent acts by settlers.

Every single artillery barrage defending their settlement is a violent act by them. But the one video I thought of the most has at least 3-4 unique attacks. I particularly loved the star of david graffiti on the arab doors. How that symbol has changed meaning. 

Plus, I call driving over a peaceful protester in a bulldozer a "violent act". 

&gt; Whether you like racists or not, they are still Israeli citizens and they still have the same rights not to be killed as those who live in Tel Aviv.

No they don't. Are you saying that I could fly to Iran right now, wall off a section of land, dispose all of the residents, build some properties AND I could expect the protection of the UK army to do so?

&gt; I dont regard it to be an out of jail card for arabs.

Agreed. But it's one of many real issues that is preventing an amicable settlement between all sides.
It's not silly, it's despicable and evil. It takes no little shamelessness to defend against "you are an antisemite" not with "I don't hate Jews" but with "I don't hate Arabs" or "Jews are not a race". These bigots don't go against the freaking _dictionary_ because they are that stupid, they attack the very existence of a special negative term for the mental disorder of hating Jews because they don't see it as something wrong.
TURN YOUR GODDAMN CAPS-LOCK OFF, ASSHOLE
TURN YOUR GODDAMN CAPS-LOCK OFF, ASSHOLE
I know but I think ridicule is best. I wonder how many other words they'd insist upon strict, literal etymology in the face of usage. I think I'll compile a list of examples.

Thing is, they really think they have a knock-down argument with that one, the fools.
I have. Take a look at the [Parent Circle](http://www.theparentscircle.com/) for one possible place to help. But I can tell you that accusing Israel of genocide is not working to end the fighting, that is an attempt to help destroy Israel.
Same shit? Do you even know a thing about the Holocaust? Even if the story were true, and it is not, it is the killing of one person by a sniper. It was not the mass round up of hundreds who where shot in the head. It was not the mass round up of tens of thousands who were deliberately starved to death. It was not the mass round up of millions who were killed with various poison gases. It is not the "same shit" it is a low scale "warm" asymmetric war. There are terrorist who have a deliberate policy of targeting civilians and hiding among civilians (read [Mao on how guerrillas work](http://www.marxists.org/reference/archive/mao/works/1937/guerrilla-warfare/) ).
Ah, Jews are monsters. Wow, just think of what you would have said if you were an anti-Semite.
&gt;Repeat after me: "Anti-Israel is NOT anti-Semitism."

So what do you say about [pilto above](http://reddit.com/info/6blv6/comments/c03ew9k) who says that Jews are monsters? Can we call that anti-Semitism? Or do you have the rather common view that if it is anti-Israel it can't be anti-Semitism?
*Targeting* civilians, which is what Hamas does, is a war crime. Ever see a UN sanction even propose to sanction Hamas?
Israelis are both arab and jewish.

Get off your cross.  You don't belong up there anyway.

Oh, I forgot.  ALL criticism of Israel is antisemitic.
&gt;Their vote, their choice.

Then allow them the responsibility for their actions. If they chose Hamas and its terrorist methods then there should be no whining that Israel responds to such behavior.
Hamas isn't recognized as a legitimate government by the UN, Israel is...
Israel has a campaign of territorial expansion into the West Bank - they are the aggressors. 

The contrast in casualties (10 Palestinians to 1 Israeli) and the contrast of an advanced army versus a much smaller civilian force, demolishes the argument of *Israeli defense*.
more like no interest... sick of both sides of this issue, but you John Hagee-esque nutbags act like an Isreali solider can't accidently kill innocent people once in a while, or if you believe MSM, once in every two kills...
Where'd you get that I think that "Isreali solider can't accidently kill innocent people once in a while."

If you read what I wrote, you'd realize that the same news agency put out a similar article of the same girl dieing from a rocket attack. I attacked the creditability of the article at hand, not the capabilities of the IDF.
not to get into an internet pissing contest, but you nor I have no other information to impugn the veracity of these articles... however, seeing how the OP's article was written TEN days after the one you cited, I posit that Sami Abu Salem throughly gathered additional facts for the second article, I come to this conclusion because; 1. The age of the victim is clarified, 2. Newer (Read: Not previously mentioned in any form) details about the specific incident are outlined, and 3) Every follow-up article I have ever read provides at least a few more facts than were presently earlier.

But look, I get it. You have a certain world-view that concentrates on the method of brutal death of innocent life, rather than that it happened. If this article is the thing of fantasy and hyperbole, why did you only a give a shit enough to conduct a fullscale investigation to debunk something rather than finding out which of those elements (if any) are true.
&gt; You have a certain world-view that concentrates on the method of brutal death of innocent life, rather than that it happened. 

This is false. Pointing out the disparities between the article is to show how the article is not reputable and therefore the story is not true. The changing facts, while using the same language, shows a pretty clear picture of the the authors intent to denounce Israel rather than report on things that really happened. The fact that "the additional facts" were the entire story suggests that Sami Abu Salem rushed to judgment and is a bad journalist who shouldn't be trusted. 

&gt; hod of brutal death of innocent life, rather than that it happened. If this article is the thing of fantasy and hyperbole, why did you only a give a shit enough to conduct a fullscale investigation to debunk something rather than finding out which of those elements (if any) are true.

I can't prove a negative, so my research would be fruitless. If this heinous act did occur, it would be picked up by a reputable website and not written on a website with such outlandish claims.

The question you should be asking yourself is: why do you automatically jump to the conclusion that it is true, when there is much evidence that it is not.
So their terrorism does not exist. Which explains why the U.N. complains about Israel and not Sri Lanka or Sudan or China or Burma or Congo.
No, it doesn't. This is slow-burning assymetric warfare, in which arab agenda terrorist groups are the aggressors.
No, *your* criticism was anti-Semitic. [dash101 asked why Jews were doing these things](http://reddit.com/info/6blv6/comments/c03ew8j). You said that it was because [""They are monsters."](http://reddit.com/info/6blv6/comments/c03ew9k)

Most people are able to see that the claim that Jews are monsters is pretty anti-Semitic.
Apologies.  I just viewed that picture of the christian pro-israeli highway billboard before seeing this article.  Just getting to me :p

No more sarcasm from me today.
...tell me about that *Arab agenda*, does it involve [peace and normalization of foreign relations with Israel](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab_Peace_Initiative), if it had accepted a two state settlement using the 1967 borders?

And what is the Israeli agenda?
-Annexation of the west bank. I dare you to deny it.
No where in my post did I use the word Holocaust. It is accurate to say however that the Palestinian people have in fact been murdered en mass during the conflict since its recent inception. Whether you round up a family and shoot them in the head, or blow up their house killing all of them at the same time... I think thats the same thing. I think there are many frightening parallels between the cruelty inflicted on jewish people 60 years ago and the cruelty that is happening now to the Palestinians...  It is very much the "same shit"... War never changes. You would do well to remember that.
&gt;No where in my post did I use the word Holocaust. 

You wrote: "And yet they are inflicting the same shit they once experienced 60 years ago." Now you can say that you are denying the Holocaust. Otherwise, what does the "same shit" refer to?

&gt;It is accurate to say however that the Palestinian people have in fact been murdered en mass during the conflict since its recent inception.

No, actually, it is not accurate. First off, the conflict is not recent. Second, about 2,600 have been killed in Gaza in the last 7 years, most of them actively engaged in fighting. That is not murder and not in mass, that is a very low scale war.

&gt;Whether you round up a family and shoot them in the head, or blow up their house killing all of them at the same time... I think thats the same thing.

I think there is an enormous difference between rounding up civilians, starting before there was a war, civilians who were not involved in the fighting in the slightest, and trying to kill terrorists. 

&gt;I think there are many frightening parallels between the cruelty inflicted on jewish people 60 years ago and the cruelty that is happening now to the Palestinians..

And what are these parallels? Are Palestinians forced to wear yellow symbols? Are they fired from their jobs in multiple countries? Is there a [mass propaganda campaign calling them sub-human?](http://www.calvin.edu/academic/cas/gpa/ww2era.htm)  Please, tell me the frightening parallels.
That's nice, but Hamas doesn't happen to support it, because their official charter is hell bent on destruction of Israel. It is Hamas, and its friends Islamic Jihad, and others, who routinely and deliberately undermine negotiation.

Now, what makes you feel you are qualified to speak about "Israeli agenda" as it is a common consent of all Israeli people?
No, what I'm saying is the UN can only sanction governments, not groups. They could take action against Israeli for their war atrocities but don't.
And if Israel chooses to build illegal settlements and create walls around the legitimate land owners, then they sure as hell should not be whining when a few unguided, unaimed rockets land five miles away in an empty field.
&gt;On February 13, 2006, in an interview in Russian newspaper Nezavisimaya Gazeta,[64] Mashal declared that Hamas would stop armed struggle against Israel if it recognized the 1967 borders, withdrew itself from all Palestinian occupied territories (including the West Bank and East Jerusalem) and recognized Palestinian rights that would include the "right of return"

[source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas#The_Possibility_of_a_Ceasefire_with_Israel)

Hamas stated that it would accept the terms of the [Beirut summit](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beirut_Summit).

Hamas does not dictate Israeli internal or foreign policy. Peace in the terms of the Arab proposal was not convenient for Israel, that's why it was dismissed.

The *Israeli Agenda* I talk of, is the governments agenda, what isolated individuals think is inconsequential.

Now, what makes you feel you're qualified to speak about an Arab Agenda?
Well, then you misunderstood where I was coming from.

ISRAELIS ARE MONSTERS.

Is that better?
Excepting that you said otherwise. And it is still pretty damn racist to treat a whole country that way. And to dehumanize people that way. Or are you a monster for what the U.S. has done in Iraq?
*Excepting that you said otherwise.*

And corrected that misperception by clarifying.  Is that a problem for you?  Obviously, as most zealots only hear what they want and ignore everything else.

*And it is still pretty damn racist to treat a whole country that way. And to dehumanize people that way.*

Actually, it WOULD be racist if I singled the Jews or the Palestinians out for their barbaric acts.  Since I was talking about Israel, again, as I clarified above, then there is no racism.  Just disgust for the citizens of Israel that allow this cruelty to continue on both sides of the ghetto walls.

*Or are you a monster for what the U.S. has done in Iraq?*

As a matter of fact, yes I am.  I have been against this war, and against this administration's illegal invasion of Iraq, and the subsequent murder and torture of innocents, from the beginning.  But I am still an American.  So that makes it my DUTY to speak out against such atrocities committed by both my own countrymen, as well as other barbaric acts around the world.

Unlike you, I am not blindered by either my religious views, nor my political views.  When it comes to genocide, it's not ok when WE do it.  It's not ok when ANYONE does it.

By the way, you can love your country and hate your government.  That is allowed you know.
&gt;If this heinous act did occur, it would be picked up by a reputable website and not written on a website with such outlandish claims.

You really have that much trust in the media?
I don't have trust in individual media outlets, but I do have trust in certain groups of media. Meaning this: If I see something on CNN that doesn't mean it happened. If I see something on CNN, NPR and BBC, there is a higher probability it happened, and if nothing else gives me the impression that it didn't happen, I believe it.

If I see something on an clearly biased website (like the one provided here), with other outrageous and clearly false articles (once again here) and there is no reputable website or other media outlet (including those with bias against my opinions) that have picked up the story, there is little chance it is true. 

I repeat my question to you: 
Why do you automatically jump to the conclusion that it is true, when there is much evidence that it is not?

When I see articles which have outrageous claims about terrorist attacks committed by Hamas, I do not believe them just because they support my opinion. The anti-Israeli crew on reddit will repeat whatever ridiculous shit they read about Israel because it supports their position.
Guess you weren't aware the the Palestinians have used ambulances in the past for car bombings and transporting militants.  There's a kind of civility that has to exist on both sides for respect of care workers from one side or the other to take place.  Certainly barbarism on one side has bred barbarism on the other, and around and around into an inexcusable circle of denial and violence.

So a little girl shot dead in what is effectively a war zone is indeed a tragedy, but no surprise at all when you consider that... it's war zone!

Incredibly, not a single Reddit article is ever posted about the individuals killed in cafe bombings, which states volumes about the vile bias of its contributors.
&gt;I repeat my question to you: Why do you automatically jump to the conclusion that it is true, when there is much evidence that it is not?

Sorry for not answering, but I personally reserve enough skepticism for *both* sides... I have seen video of Palestinians staging the aftermath of an Isreali strike... and I have seen video of little Palestinian kids shot to shit... what I do not reserve skepticism for is that *something* bad is happening... while the reporting of this particular incident has dubious veracity it can not impugn the fact that something like this has, will, and can happen... do I intentionally think a sniper looked into the eyes of a 12 year old girl and blew a hole in her chest, no... but I believe that she did die of something unnatural... and even if the telling of story is pumped up for effect, she is still dead... 

My position is that we shouldn't require only the most egregious of incidents to occur before we take notice... it is sad to think that if this were a forty-old male that we wouldn't be having this same discourse... but to deny that it happened prima facia is, in my opinion, wrong....

I understand your sentiment on the source of the information and concur...
I agree with 100% on the skepticism issue, however my strong vocal opinion against this article (and similar articles) is the way that Hamas and other palestinian terrorist groups mis use the media to garner support. False articles do nothing to solve the problem, they only perpetuate negative ideas. This is true on  both sides, however Hamas is much better at using it. If an article comes on reddit and hurts my position, I do not down mod it or argue that it is untrue unless there is evidence that it is untrue. Similarly, If an article that supports my position comes onto reddit and I believe it is untrue, it will get down modded (even though it helps my cause).
Shokk
You wrote:  "So a little girl shot dead in what is effectively a war zone is indeed a tragedy, but no surprise at all when you consider that... it's war zone!"


Your argument is incomplete and therefore faulty. You say it’s a war zone tragedy the girl was killed.  You did not take the  observation to it's logical conclusion: 

When Palestinian children and civilian non combatants are murdered by state sponsored terror it’s a war zone tragedy  - but when Israeli children and civilans who die, it’s a war crime.  

Both circumstances are war crimes.  The difference:  one is a state signatory to the Geneva war conventions and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the other is a resistance struggle agains the internationally recognized violation of Geneva War Conventions.  

Palestinians are non-violently resisting the occupation, but you don't pay attention to it (check out ISraeli filmmakers "Bil'in Habibti" on youtube). The only resistance the world sees is when it spills over to violence.  

The world excused Tibetans for their  "regretable but justifiable and understandable" violence.  Had that riot been Palestinians.... different story.

Summary:
&gt;  And that was after, not before.
And that was *after*, not *before*.
This was by other Palestinians.
&gt; no, it was a Hamas attack.
I didn't say he was a jew.
&gt; Israel does not want peace.
Israel, Palestinians... whats the difference now?
I think thats the same thing.
I really didn't think they would.
no, it was a Hamas attack.
Israel does not want peace.
That is why we were there.
That is what he did there.
This is what Hamas does.
I said he sounds like one.
&gt; sounds like you are a jew 

sounds like you are a racist.
I only want peace,* he said.
I said the terrorists are to blame.
*

*I worked in Israel for many years.
The Palestinians do the same to their kids.
But look, I get it.
And why should Jews have to give a shit about Israel?
&gt; It was fired by Hamas.
If not, what should Israel do about the rockets?
how do you know that?
Israelis are both arab and jewish.
&gt; Muslim land

What exactly is "Muslim land"?
And once again I ask reddit.
First, I didn't say "the palestinians" are to blame.
Are you an Israeli sniper?
&gt; What, you didn't know before you claimed Israel started attacking?
What do you think, those palestinian people have any money from the authorities?
&gt; This can't be said, at all, about "palestinians"...
What's with all this Israel hating?
I've been saying it for a while now, fuck Israel.
It was fired by Hamas.
Even if the story were true, and it is not, it is the killing of one person by a sniper.
*Tell them this: I only want peace.
And what is the Israeli agenda?
What, you didn't ***know*** before you claimed Israel started attacking?
But I am still an American.
And how many people do you know in the IDF?
they do this all the time.
They're not like the Palestinian monsters - they're [just like us.
Just as the murder suspect is to blame for the death of that innocent party, the palestinian terrorist is to blame for the death of the innocent party.
So you are saying we trust the Israelis?
However, I don't need such stories to have come to my opinions.
I would like another source for those news if possible.
What the fuck are you going on about?
And terrorists knows it pretty good.
I think that's not a moral position.
&gt; So if the Israelis who did the killing are not to blaim, who is?
This is really, just, so fucked up.
&gt; the palestinian terrorist is to blame for the death of the innocent party.
The Palestinians aren't much better.
&gt; I pointed out that the rocket attacks predated Hamas getting into power.
If Arabs are entitled to give away other Arabs, then am I entitled to give you away since I am non-Arab and you are too?
&gt; The ends never justify the means when you kill innocent people...
*They do it all the fucking time.
I dont remember seeing anything about that here on reddit.
No, the majority of us just dont like muslims.
Of course we can still blame Israel for the state of the Palestinian people, we can still blame Israel for doing things that other countries do.
You really believe that it's true?
Sounds like you are too.
Or see if any Palestinians were shooting at the same time.
i'm in the UK and I have no idea what you think you're saying there.
I have told them this.
I wonder why that is...
This is true on  both sides, however Hamas is much better at using it.
You would do well to remember that.
And you are saying I am childish?
I mean, shit we actually need.
I didn't make any statement.
Why don't you shoot at children?
It's a Palestinian claiming that an Israeli sniper targeted a 12 year old girl.
But I just have to accept it isn't going to happen.
***I*** pointed out that the rocket attacks predated Hamas getting into power.
Even the lie in the article above.
&gt; The same can be said for their enemies.
I just posted videos of terrorists using ambulances.
I'm not denying she was killed, just that she was killed by a sniper.
The problem with these airstrikes is that they kill many civilians.
He did not kill him.
Hamas are not the only group.
It is very much the "same shit"... War never changes.
The ends never justify the means when you kill innocent people...
So if the Israelis who did the killing are not to blaim, who is?
&gt; You were the one claiming the started once Hamas hot it.
What does this have to do with Arafat taking billions from the Palestinian people?
Way more than a muslim.
I know for a fact that many just love those responses.
*Targeting* civilians, which is what Hamas does, is a war crime.
&gt; sounds like you are a jew living in sweden.
There are some things you just don't get to have in this world.
And any bombing or rocket launching by Hamas?
And your use of the term _antisemitism_ is racist in its own right.
And I notice very little reporting on Palestinian casualties.
Israel goes after the palestinian terrorists like the police go after the murder suspect.
And that proves or even reasonably suggests that she was killed by an israeli sniper, how exactly?
I'm talking about people killing innocent people.
I blame both parties entirely for not doing so now.
The Israelis need to pay for their war crimes...
They were attacking before they won the election as well.
You're correct, I would have chosen a different source as well.
Wow, just think of what you would have said if you were an anti-Semite.
It is very rare, in fact.
If you are getting your news from reddit, you should know that just because it's not MSM, doesn't make it true.
How do you know this?
Sounds like you don't either.
&gt; Israeli snipers, on the whole, are rather good at what they do and are very rarely - as in, never - ordered to shoot kids.
Sounds to me like propaganda.
A news story reported to the press by a Palestinian without even stating Israel's comment to the case.
No wait, with Jews, we can't even say that.
I would do everything in my power to kill them had that been my daughter...
They could take action against Israeli for their war atrocities but don't.
That is allowed you know.
You said that it was because [""They are monsters.
There was a snipers post there.
There were rockets before they were in power and there were rockets after.
Agreed, most in Hamas do not want peace, they are terrorists and I have been very clear in my choice of words.
*

Actually, it WOULD be racist if I singled the Jews or the Palestinians out for their barbaric acts.
&gt; It's their right to be apathetic about such things.
You mean that time I chose the wrong word and you would not let it go?
How could Israel think the Palestinians would act in good faith?
I see, you were wrong so you want to change the subject.
I think you never been on the war theater.
Excuses for killing innocent people is not justification for it.
No where in my post did I use the word Holocaust.
Try denying this one also.
That's because Hamas started attacking the moment it won the election.
You really have that much trust in the media?
But I don't see how that affects the fact that it is left.
That is the position that I reject.
Well as it turns out the story in the article isn't true, and she wasn't killed by a sniper.
Israeli snipers, on the whole, are rather good at what they do and are very rarely - as in, never - ordered to shoot kids.
*Israeli snipers, on the whole, are rather good at what they do and are very rarely - as in, never - ordered to shoot kids.
"Israeli snipers, on the whole, are rather good at what they do and are very rarely - as in, never - ordered to shoot kids."
That's why they continue shooting their KASSAMs all the time!!
Man, do people need to go to jail for that one.
No one wants their child to die.
The Israeli army are no better than Nazis.
sounds like you are a jew living in sweden.
And I thought I was an asshole.
No one is denying that the little girl died.
I am not saying it is impossible for a Muslim to be biased.
The same can be said for their enemies.
I never said it was OK, not even close to that.
And think them through a little bit first.
It's a fake news story.
But I don't know, please enlighten if I'm wrong on this.
And the reason why Israeli soldiers are so inhumane towards Palestinians?
Right, so the Israelis shot and kill and innocent Palestinian civilian yet the Palestinians are to blame?
&gt; The UN had no right to partition land that wasn't theirs.
You don't even understand your own analogy.
&gt; Assuming all Jews support Israel doesn't make sense.
I got your peace right here:
http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/
Are you saying that no Muslim can be biased?
Right, yeah I've read this before, Palestinians aren't really Palestinians is what your words are saying but Palestinians aren't really people is what you mean.
Sounds much the same then.
The problem people have is when you blame all of Israel for one crazy persons actions, thats when they attempt to justify it.
The airplane bomb targeting militants and killing civilians differs from the suicide bomb targeting civilians and killing soldiers.
&gt;The majority of the Israeli population wants to live in peace with the Palestinian people.
Unfortunately this isn't the first sniper shooting of Palestinian children by the IDF.
I don't understand how my comment is racist, please explain.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 2.93
