Original Response:
Oh please how overblown.

Israel's nazi-copying behavior has made Israel, on it's 60th anniversary, the single biggest pariah state throughout the entire world.

Ultra-Zionists insistence at conflating Israel with Judaism itself has sent a message all across the world that Jews in general are behind the Palestinian genocide and approve of it.  Who wouldn't think ill of Jews given this information?  

The Likudniks who keep the concentration camps and constant war going are directly to blame for the increase in "antisemitism" throughout the world.

Perhaps if the international media gave airtime to the majority of Jews who do not agree with the actions of the IOF, and do not conflate Israel with all of Judaism, then people throughout the world would understand that it isn't all Jews and has nothing to do with Judaism per se, it's just a small fanatic chickenhawk group that has perfected the tail-wags-the-dog technique.

The Likuds, the Shas, the AIPACs, the WJCs, the CAMERAs of the world are directly to blame for increasing the suffering of Jews the whole world over, by immorally doing evil in their name.

Happy Birthday Israel.  Grow up and kick these "Greater Israel" extremists out of the government and military, and into prison where they belong.
Yawn, more idiocy from you. Hungary has been obscenely anti semitic before Israel, and they are obscenely anti semitic now. It has nothing to do with the Jewish state, though they likely hate that too. It has also been empirically shown that their is a direct correlation between anti Israel sentiment and antisemitism(as you are evidence of)

In addition, your perverse desire(actually searching through reddit for the words Jew, antisemitism etc in order  to detract attention from the widespread genocidal anti semitism throughout the world) is evidence of your insanity and bigotry.
Although correlation is not causation, you state

&gt;that their is a direct correlation between anti Israel sentiment and antisemitism

Which directly proves my thesis that such is a result of the purposeful conflation of Israel and all Judaism by types like you.  The average person around the globe has no idea that you are in the minority, and that there are even groups like the Williamsberg Jews who are even more religious yet abhor the idea of Israel.

Thanks for proving my point.

And I am quite pro-Israel, and stand in solidarity with the vast majority of Israelis who wish for peace, and do not agree with you or the crap spewed out by these "Greater Israel" fanatics and organizations.

Your attempted smear of me makes no sense.  I don't search through reddit for anything.  You though are an antisemite to even suggest there is genocide against Jews anywhere in the world now, when it's Israel herself committing genocide on the helpless millions of Palestinians.  Knowingly crying wolf of antisemitism or genocide is incredibly antisemitic and anti-Israel.  

Nice job, you fucking sick rabid antisemite.  Run back to your sociopathic astroturfing crew.  Tell Gilead I said hi.

Reported for antisemitic knowingly false genocide claim.
There has always been intense rabid antisemitism in Hungary. It was there in the 40s, it's there now. Nothing to do with Israel. http://www.porges.net/JewishHistoryOfHungary.html

There is no point in lying, you don't stand in solidarity with any Israelis, as evidenced by your own ridiculous postings. 

Good luck with your reporting, bigot. Why is it that people like you who hate Jews so often hate Gays too? 

P.S. You're not even close to fooling anyone.
The 40's are a long time ago.  You seem to forget the US changed a little bit too in the last 68 years, and was comparatively antisemitic back then as well.  Your data proves only your idiocy and myopia.  Cry wolf some more, antisemite.  

Who the fuck said I'm trying to fool anyone?  I'm being totally honest.

It is impossible for "Greater Israel" ultra-Zionist chickenhawk scum like you to comprehend that you actually hold a minority opinion, and that disagreeing with the actions of a government and a military has no bearing on one's actual patriotism and love of a country.

The fact is, I really like Israel.  I like the idea of Israel.  When I hear from mainstream Israelis and read mainstream papers over there, I hear people like myself with similar values.  

Your values exist outside that.  Most Israelis don't agree with you or your warmongering "Greater Israel" goals.  They want peace on realistic terms, you do not.  You just go around crying wolf about antisemitism and fail to accept that the actions of Israel as a Jewish state are largely to blame.  It's logic dictated by the Zionists themselves, like you.  Israel does something bad, people say Israel is bad, and since Israel is the Jewish state, and the media shuts out Jewish voices of dissent, they think it must have to do with all the Jews, and they fall into having antisemitic thoughts.  

You can't have it both ways, and if you think I would lie in some conspiracy to defame Israel you're projecting your own paranoia and history of astroturfing onto me.  I categorically deny lying in any way about my words or intentions.  I highly doubt you could claim the same.

I take it you're gay?
http://judicial-inc.biz/i.hungary..today.htm
You should read the history of Jews in Ukraine, to see if the antisemitism in the 40s is so long ago.

You should also not expect people to believe you about liking Israel, when you go into topics which have nothing to do with Israel and start talking about how the Jews are wrong for getting into Politics(ie not the radicals who you pretend are the only ones you dislike)But the Jews as a people, and Israel as a state. Really doesn't support your claim at all.

Similarly, you say you only don't like ultra right wingers, except, in practice, you claim that any Israeli who objects to your ridiculous posts is an ultra right winger. You still haven't backed up why you feel I'm an ultra right winger, I'm not even right wing at all, though of course, you justify your own fight or flight reaction of hatred towards any Israeli who doesn't agree with your views by calling them ultra right wing and hence justifying your hatred of them.  

No one buys it, sorry. Maybe you're the only one who's convinced, you should look at the very topic you're replying to. 

Going into an article about hatred of Jews, and then saying, "I don't hate Jews, but this antisemitism against them is all their fault for supporting Israel, or its all Israel's fault for sayings its a Jewish state, even though you supposedly dont have a problem with Israel as a Jewish state. "

You sound ridiculous. If you mean something else than you should back it up by your actions online. But you don't because you don't.
You see, this is your problem.  You say "You should not expect people..." when you're only speaking *for yourself*.  You are convinced you can speak for some group that does not want you to speak for them.  Don't believe me?  Go ask some non-strawmen of your group if they agree with your words.

Nothing I say is out of line whatsoever with my claims.  

You define "pro-Israel" as committment to "Greater Israel" and war as I discussed earlier.  I do not, I define "pro-Israel" as the majority of Israelis themselves define it.

Fanatics cannot be reasoned with, and I see you are completely unreasonable.  Go forth and continue crying wolf and committing an inherently antisemitic act.  

If you'd like to prove you aren't a "right-winger" then denounce "Greater Israel," the Likud party, the Shas party, and state that you support immediate direct negotiations with Hamas sans preconditions.

Now's your chance...
Which words do people disagree with?

When have I ever mentioned greater Israel, not even hardcore ultra right wingers believe in that. The only people who believe in Greater Israel are radical terrorists supporters as part of their conspiracy theories.

You are obsessed with putting words in peoples mouths. Your own words belie what you claim, and you can't back up any of your claims about me through my words.

Again which words do people disagree with? You're going to have to quote specific things I wrote which are disagreeable to the majority of Israelis.
From your obsession with crying wolf about global antisemitism and not allowing for the reality that the actions of Israel are majorly to blame, you scream loud and clear your politics.

But again, here is your chance to repudiate Greater Israel, by explicitly writing out what I said, then you'll have proved your lack of support for them.  Your failure to do so a second time is clear evidence through tacit admission that your are indeed for "Greater Israel."

I'm going to sleep.  I suggest you begin reading www.philipweiss.org daily, and go back through the archives for areas of interest.  He can help you through what you need to go through.
"Greater Israel" is not a concept which is supported by Zionists. There are ultra religious Jews who believe that greater Israel is already in existence and that Israel's boundaries have already been set by God. They however do not follow this through politically. The concept of a "greater Israel conspiracy" is in fact a scare tactic invented by Arab countries  in order to present Israel as an existential thread to the entire Arab world, and thus legitimate their attacks.


Now since I've indulged your  silliness and racism, I expect a serious answer. Not more BS.

Using QUOTES, what have I ever wrote, again, using quotes, which is disagreeable to the majority of Israelis? I don't expect an honest response from you, and it isn't possible for you to give an honest response as there is nothing I have said which is disagreeable. You'll just continue to be the fat lying nazi.


Were you not so dense and robotic, I would assume that even you knew that anyone in the real world would see right through you to your twisted hateful core. Unfortunately, you are far to deluded to realize that noone is fooled by you, even your fellow nazis modding you up.
&gt;"Greater Israel" is not a concept which is supported by Zionists.

You do not know what you are talking about, or else you are lying.  I'm honestly unsure which I think it is, you've been getting dumber and dumber.  Stop now, educate yourself.

By tacit admission you prove yourself an ultra-zionist "greater Israel" scumbag.
No, in fact you don't. You little head has been filled by all the antisemitic lies you've stuffed it with.

I am right, you are wrong. Black and white just like that.

I also see that in continuing your pathetic Nazi dishonesty, you have been unable to find a quote of mine to backup your ridiculous claims. I'm almost embarrassed for you. But then I remember that you're a textbook antisemite(even down to the claiming not to be one) and liar, so the feeling of pity for you goes away.

Your whole life is based on hating Jews because of lies you've been told. Sad but typical.

Because I'm so nice though, I'll give you another challenge to fail. Find a modern Zionist website which advocates "Greater Israel"

You can't, because it doesn't exist.
I like that, "Nazi dishonesty," it has a certain Godwin's Law ring to it.  You should keep using it, kid.

I am right, you are wrong, rabid anti-Israel antisemitic hater, now a proven "Greater Israel" psycho.

Signed, pro-Israel non-racist non-bigot, neonominator.

ps.  www.philipweiss.org for your soul.
I see you've given up already. Hey, if you're going to cite white supremacists like Ted Pike, or peruse the "realjewnews" with your other neo-nazi buddies, don't be surprised when you get called out for your obvious stereotypical fanaticism.

Hey, guess what, I even just amazingly found a website which is for a greater Israel, wow! Given, they are as far from mainstream as you are(maybe even farther)

See if you can find it. 

You might have to look hard though, it's a pretty unpopular ideology.
I Never give up!  I Never surrender!

I think it's entirely possible you may honestly be unaware that the philosophy you follow, although that of "Greater Israel," is not called that by the people who espouse it that you listen to.  I'm glad you're actually taking a look and educating yourself.  Compare the tenets and you'll see, even if they do not match, they leave the way open.  

Secrecy and deceit are a necessary part of any cult-like unpopular terroristic militant movement.  Don't blame me for being bamboozled yourself.

There's a good deal on this at www.philipweiss.org.  Philip is good at covering it all.  

Go Obama Go, all the gains Hillary made from Pennsylvania DESTROYED.  Even Feinstein is doubting her now.  Just a matter of time.  Now we're moving on to the relevant questions, who for Obama's VP?  Not Hillary, that's for damn sure.
Haha, I went to orthodox school for 11 years.  Yknow, with the kinds of kids who support Shas and the like.  I went to Jewish summer camp with left wingers for six years at the same time. They all want peace, nothing about a greater Israel. My whole family is Israeli, and I'm actively involved in Zionism. Don't even try and pretend that you know more than me. 

Aww, won't it crush your delusions to know that I support Obama(though the Ron Paul fucktards who flocked to him turn me off)

Now you have some sources to find don't you? Comeon, you can at least try to pretend you're not a straight up bullshitter.
Of course Shas, Likud, et al "want peace."  But what does that mean?  By what path?  On whose terms?  Said in math-speak, war-&gt;peace is a path function, not a state function.

Said another way, Shas wants peace, but not a *just* peace.  They want a peace based on absolute military domination, without ceding any land and allowing the settlements to continue forever without splitting Jerusalem.  That's not peace, that's total domination and utter conquest.

For instance, you are aware of the Haaretz poll that has been often spoken of, where 64% of Israelis support immediate direct negotiations with Hamas sans preconditions?  Well Shas does not support that, and Orthodox Jews in America tend to not support this either.  By definition, that's anti-Israel.

I gave you a source.  www.philipweiss.org
If you told the people in Shas that leaving the settlements would actually lead to peace, they would do it. The issue is that at this stage it wouldn't. Had Gaza not led to more terrorist attacks and killings, Israel might have been out of the West Bank by now.

 I support negotiations with Hamas, I know nothing would come of them, as Hamas routinely say that any deal they make with Israel has no meaning and is just a Hudna. But i'm always welcome to talk. If you were to poll Israelis and ask if they thought anything would come out of  meeting, few would say yes. You don't think any of those 64% were from Shas or Likud? 

phillipweiss.org is not a source, not only does it not back up your allegations about what I supposedly believe, but it is not a zionist source talking about "Greater Israel"
Shas under no circumstances is going to cede the settlements, I don't know where you're getting your information.  Evacuating the settlements would involve nothing less than an armed incursion resulting in major loss of settler life.  They just rammed the convoy of a two-star American General, for Christ's sake!  Who does that beside suicide bombers?

No I do not think any of the 64% were from the tiny Shas and Likud parties, and the key here is *sans preconditions.*  I assume you are aware of the three-point no-starter preconditions Olmert has been using to avoid talks, which Shas and Likud require?

philipweiss.org is definitely a source.  He is a gifted, knowledgeable, connected, active writer and journalist published over and over in the NYT, The Nation, etc.  He has links from there to sources.

"Greater Israel" is also called "Zionist expansionism" or "Zionist expansionists" if that helps.  The settlements are the key part of that.  If you are supportive of the settlements at all, you are in the spectrum of support for "Greater Israel."

Seriously, have you ever sat down and asked yourself about the colonies/settlements, and why they are expanding the way they are, what their goal is, who is funding them, who is allowing them, and why?  Such a major civil construction project requires planning and permits.  Such plans include growth plans.  Have you asked yourself what those plans are?
"I don't know where you're getting your information."

Lol, from real people, not neo-nazi websites like you.

You should watch unsettled.
I don't peruse paranoid antisemite sites, like you mentioned, if that's what you think.  People who don't hold your beliefs regarding Israel, and there are a lot and lots of them are Jews, aren't automatically smoking the jewwatch.com pipe.  That's a paranoid and offensive view to take.  The problems with Israel and America are from overly powerful subgroups whose actions and beliefs have nothing to do with Judaism, even if they think so, like the Shas fanatics.  They're just another cult-like group acting in a religion's name.

Why do you think I care about Israel, one way or another?
So, you don't consider Ted Pike an antisemite? Or "Realjewews"

They are both anti semitic, very.
I don't know who Ted Pike is, honestly, and "realjewnews" is in my opinion, a fake done by a shilling provocateur, who is in reality more anti-Christian then he is antisemitic, even though his words are mostly antisemitic conspiracy theories.
And yet you dug up the blatantly antisemitic article "Jewish media corrupts teen girls"

And posted on realjewnews.

Your not hard to see through.

Your opinion aboutr the antisemitic site is also more classic antisemitic insanity.
What article is that?

Yeah, I did post on rjn, once, and that's when I realized he was a total fraud.  I had been taken in by a personal anecdotal article about him from somewhere else, and I gave him the benefit of the doubt.  My mistake.  Lots of good people are getting taken in by him.  It's a shame, he's literally propagating antisemitic conspiracy theories, on purpose, for some sick amusement.

Explain how you think my words are "classic antisemitic insanity."  I did not make the guy a fraud.

You should take a look at the exchange where I called him out.  It's quite obvious.  He also deleted the final comment I made where I called him a fraud and that I would never look at his site again.  And I haven't.

Wow you are sneaky, huh?  I'm not hiding anything, kid, I'm not a bigot, I'm pro-Israel, and you'll either have to come to accept that, or keep your paranoia going that there is an antisemitic conspiracy brewing beneath the surface of anyone who says anything you disagree with.

Are you 1401_Suffolk or whatever on digg?  I remembered an exchange awhile back, and I never checked or anything, but I thought I'd ask.
So I hit the nail on the head, and you ran away? 

Cat got your tongue all of a sudden?
I have no desire or need to deal with blatant liars and Nazis. A simple google search proves you're lying. And no, I'm not.
You must really hate yourself then, antisemite.

So I take it you're 1401_suffolk?
I have no desire or need to deal with blatant liars and Nazis. A simple google search proves you're lying, and no, I'm not.
Oh you're changing it again, I guess you're conceding your other points have failed.  Fine.  A simple google search reveals I'm lying about what, you antisemitic conspiracy theorist?

www.philipweiss.org

Have you read it today?  Did you go back through the articles?

כן אנו יכולים!
Look at this.  THIS is my pro-Israel philosophy, and I was shocked to see Jeremy Ben-Ami nail it.

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/05/08/AR2008050801521.html?hpid=opinionsbox1

Summary:
Nothing to do with Israel.
I like the idea of Israel.
But you don't because you don't.
The fact is, I really like Israel.
"I don't know where you're getting your information."
They all want peace, nothing about a greater Israel.
"Greater Israel" is not a concept which is supported by Zionists.
I do not, I define "pro-Israel" as the majority of Israelis themselves define it.
You don't think any of those 64% were from Shas or Likud?
I take it you're gay?
I am right, you are wrong.
I gave you a source.
Hungary has been obscenely anti semitic before Israel, and they are obscenely anti semitic now.
Cry wolf some more, antisemite.
You see, this is your problem.
It has nothing to do with the Jewish state, though they likely hate that too.
You should take a look at the exchange where I called him out.
I don't search through reddit for anything.
So I take it you're 1401_suffolk?
Your not hard to see through.
Shas under no circumstances is going to cede the settlements, I don't know where you're getting your information.
I don't peruse paranoid antisemite sites, like you mentioned, if that's what you think.
You do not know what you are talking about, or else you are lying.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.15
