Original Response:
That'll teach those terrorists how dedicated we are to the war on terror.
I like to call this sort of behavior Crusader Syndrome: the mentality that anything you do is right because you're doing it for a (supposedly) good cause.
[deleted]
The Crusaders perfected that art a long time ago, though.
I like to call your post "stupid".

Some asshole rapists said something stupid. While I realize that it conveniently furthers your agenda, to use it is just stupid. As stupid as blaming video games or rock music because some retard claims to have been inspired by it, or can *somehow* be correlated with it.
I would call it 'acting like Islamofascists'.
"Islamofascism" is and always has been a silly term used for propaganda purposes.
We have to rape and eye gouge them over there so we don't have to rape and eye gouge them over here.
Why stop at the Crusaders? Why not the Jihadi Syndrome after the Arab armies that occupied and converted the formerly Orthodox Christian Eastern Mediterranean. In fact, why not go all the way back and call it the Alexander's Greek version?
[deleted]
what a stupid submission.
Ethiopians are good christians, and somali people are muslims, therefore this is fine!
Gosh, I wonder where they learned this?
How about Safiyah? Her husband tortured to death, her father and some of her relatives beheaded, then she's raped by an illiterate pedophile "prophet" the same day. Lucky girl. Don't tell me, it's the Crusader Syndrome...
Ethiopian troops are also there to help reestablish the Somali government, which a large portion of Somalis do not want.
Because that would spoil the little revisionist bullshit some people got going and to which they cling to in order to offer some extremely fragile explanation for the "war of civilisations" and why it is all Europe's fault. In that bizarro world Muslim advances and conquests are something "benign" and "normal", and any attempt at fighting back is a display of "barbarity", "violence" and "ignorance". This is generally applied:

1) The Eastern Crusades, even if - as you mentioned - it was purely a reactive action.

2) Western Crusades, where those that driven the invading Muslims out of Iberia have to explain why they did since it is a display of "barbarianism" against the oh-so-peaceful invaders.

3) Add any other extra-European invasion - Huns, Ottoman Empire, you name it - since it's PC to piss on those that died resisting  in order to advance the "dialogue of civilisations" and augment the guilt-trip of Europeans.


PS: Raping and gouging out eyes == not good.
&gt; As I argued the other day at The Agonist, the United States bears substantial responsibility for these tragedies.

What? No we don't. How much of my tax dollars are we going to be pissing away on foreign adventures such as these? Last time I checked, I wasn't living in the United States of Salvation Army. And nothing helps Al Qaeda PR like the US going in there (again).
From wikipedia:
&gt;Fascism is a term used to describe authoritarian nationalist political ideologies or mass movements **that are concerned with notions of cultural decline or decadence**. Fascism seeks to achieve a millenarian national rebirth by **placing the interests of the individual as subordinate to that of the nation or race** and promoting cults of unity, energy and **purity**.
Fascists promote a type of national unity that is usually based on (but not limited to) ethnic, cultural, national, racial, and/or **religious attributes**.  (emphasis mine)

So I would say that the label of 'Islamofascist' fits any person that supports or seeks the establishment of an Islamic state based on Quranic and Sharia laws. For example, islamic terrorists, certainly Al Quaeda, have this as a goal so therefore they are Islamofascists. The term would fit a wide range of Muslims (subject to the mentioned restriction).
The US carries out missile strikes in Somalia on a semi-regular basis.
The invading Muslims were no angels. The main reason the Crusaders are portrayed as evil is the hate against the Christian religion. The atheist fundamentalists consider somehow the Muslim one as less dangerous.
Except in this case, Ethiopia invaded Somalia with our blessing (and financial support). Also we carry out missile strikes on Somali towns. Also we've been interfering in Somalia and pumping the country full of guns since the 1980s. Are we still innocent? Is it still a video game?
When you're trying to "win hearts and minds", it's easiest to get to the mind right through the eye socket.
Irony.
I guess it's okay to blame the somali victim for this because she's muslim.
people who rape and kill are not Christians. Nor Muslims.
I don't see why. There's a clear historical and ideological link between extreme Islamist groups and mid-20thC fascism - I'm sure you wouldn't disagree with that, it's all there in the record including al Husayni

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mohammad_Amin_al-Husayni

and the nasty alliance between antisemitic islamist elements and traditional fascism. And in its ideology it's essentially fascistic - apocalyptic, millenarian, totalitarian, ant-democratic, fixated on ethnicity and homeland, etc etc.

I think it's a useful term.
We?

Who's we?
LOL, you've obviously had a bad day.
According to some posters on Reddit, Jeremiah Wright and Al Sharpton promote "Negrofascism."  Then of course when England set up colonies across the world that was "Anglofascism."  Anti-Immigration folks might say that illegal hispanics coming into this country and "changing our culture" are starting a "Hispanofascism" movement.

Yeah, Islamofascism doesn't sound stupid at all....
[deleted]
&gt;LOL, you've obviously had a bad day.

Heh, yes, good point. Not so much a bad day as a topic that that bothers me on several levels, hence the apparent disproportion in my answer.
And who are they then? Pastafarians?
I'll summarize what you were trying to say:

All humans of all walks of life have done fucked up things, and to blame it on just one group is ignorant.
WHY ISN'T USA INVADING WITH CHINA AND STOP KILLING IRAQIS AND TIBETIANS AND START KILLING ETHIOPIANS AND SOMALIANS!!!! WON'T SOMEBODY PLEASE THINK OF THE CHILDREN!?!?!?!?
I suppose they are atheists unless there's a religion out there having some screwed up commandments.
You're obviously anti-semitic.
&gt;Except in this case, Ethiopia invaded Somalia with our blessing (and financial support)

Somalia has two governments right now, neither of which has any real claim to legitimacy. One is Western friendly, and "invites" the US to launch missiles, while the other is a bevy of warlords that overthrew the government back in the Black Hawk Down days.

Sorry, there aren't "good and bad" sides here. If you really think the other side are just good guys, you're fucking nuts and your worldview is discardable.

And yeah, a lot of this is the mess left over from the West vs Communist block days.
I can see your larger point, but your examples are stupid. Sharpton or Mexican immigrants do not want to setup a state that makes individuals subordinate to blacks or Mexicans respectively. Colonial England was an Imperial state, not a fascist state.

There are probably Christians who would wish to replace the secular laws and constitution of American with biblical laws - so you could make a case for calling that 'Christianofascism' (or something to the effect), but why bother? The movement is marginal as very few Christians actually advocate for something like this. The reason why the Islamofascists deserved their name was because of the scale of their influence. There are 60 Islamic states that base some or all their laws on the Quran. You have terror cells that have as a stated goal the reestablishment of the Caliphate, that have been responsible for massive loss of life in attacks in New York, Bali, Madrid, London, Iraq and elsewhere. And you also have a potent campaign of intimidation in the West against those who would criticize Islam. People like Irshad Manji, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Salman Rushdie, Theo van Goth, and the Danish cartoonists have all been targets.

This movement needed a name, and Islamofascism fits the bill.
Okay I get it, us muslims are all evil fucks.
Pastafarians would have raped her with a noodly appendage, which all things considered, probably wouldn't have been so bad.
You should re-read my original post.. I didn't say all Muslims are Islamofascists. Only those Muslims that *"support or seek the establishment of an **Islamic state** based on Quranic and Sharia laws."* would be called Islamofascist. I'm optimistic that most Muslims don't fit that description.
If you really don't see how using the term "islamofacist" is a dumb idea, then what's the point of discussing it any further?
Part of the portrayal as 'evil' comes from the idea that something called a 'holy war' was by most accounts not holy at all.

The very term is usually a contradiction or justification for some of the most despicable behavior, Muslim or Christian or whoever else.

You must be American.  I imagine that 'atheist fundamentalists' would criticize Muslims just as much if Muslims were similarly populated in the USA, with similarly outspoken representation in society.
I suppose you take exception to the fact that the word 'Islamofascism' has the 'Islam' in the name and Islam, of course, is a religion of peace. Then again, the fascist Islamic states, terror cells like Al Queda, and extremists that wish to do harm to critics all justify their actions by citing the Hadith or the Quran - so I would say there's a good argument to be made to leave the name as is.
Africa's still fucked, Film @ 11.
The fuck....

You're trying too hard to come off as objective, but  you're an asshole.
At least I made an attempt at a cogent argument. And I'm not objective, I have clear stance on the issue. I also didn't just throw out terms without trying to explain why I believe them.
Yeah man, wish I was that cool.
&gt;You must be American.

No, I live in a country that endured some 400 years of Muslim occupation (Ottoman Empire). The big bad Crusaders were quite popular in these parts, I wonder why.
I would append your definition with further fascist traits, such as suspension of free speech/religion, persecution of non-Islamic groups, possible increase in militancy and police state, swift 'justice' without fair trials, etc.
When did I say I thought the other side were good guys?

On that point, it seems our viewpoints are similar. What I objected to was you implying that Ethiopia's presence in Somalia is not directly supported by the US.
I'd rather keep it simple. My definition suffices.
A lot of Americans don't know about the U.S. involvement in this.  It basically boils down to the large, mostly untapped oil in Somalia.  Most of this oil is planned to be nationalized with China having a large stake in it.  To free those people from such oppression it was decided that Al Qaeda must be in Somalia so the U.S. is supplying Ethopia with weapons, training, and air support.  China is using their, to date, very successful "work through proxy" war plan to deal with the U.S.  If history is any guide I would imagine that Ethopia will flounder in its attempts and eventually we will need to send U.S. soldiers in to the fray to install its special form of democracy.
RAmen!
How about you rape and eye gouge them over there so they come back to rape and eye gouge them over here and the cycle continues..
Don't you know on reddit atheist &gt; muslims &gt; christians?
&gt;The atheist fundamentalists consider somehow the Muslim one as less dangerous.

Any invasion, done in the name of some religion, is wrong.  And it usually is just an excuse to gather idiots and excuse all evils.  But for you to even think that an atheist would think muslims invading in the name of a religion is "OK" you are sadly mistaken.
The way you describe it (*occupation*), the Muslims were not too spectacular either.

(...and I wonder why I got down-voted...)
Shhh, soupson's world view is dependant on being ignorant of what's really going on and why.
trying to generate a meaningful discussion here...
&gt;nasty alliance between antisemitic islamist elements and traditional facism....fixated on ethnicity and homeland

I guess you never heard of the country of Israel?
More like "War Of Terror".
I guess Bin Laden isn't hiding in vaginas nor ocular cavities.
You realize this is Somalia, right? The country  that had no government at all for like... a decade? (maybe longer, I'm no expert)

Anyways, my point is that this place is unstable and without government. I'm not saying it's al-qaeda themselves who are involved, but I don't think we can just assume that that short lived Islamic government was established without external aid.
They were pretty fair on some issues but very greedy.

&gt;(...and I wonder why I got down-voted...)

Not me. If you want I can show you a pic of my screen.
That's about [par for the course](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/05/13/AR2006051300859.html).
eleitl is still an ass who can't grasp a simple concept, Film @ 10.
*sigh* This is pretty disgusting and clearly the 'reason' given is more for show than anything else, they're just saying 'yeah we do shit like this because we want to. You going to stop us?'.

I am in a way glad it wasn't Muslims attacking Christians because then it would be turned into a stupid debate about religion, at least average christians and Christianity as a whole isn't held responsible for when someone under its banner decides to go nuts.
Sub-Saharan Africans don't need an excuse to act like savages.
I figured it wasn't you, actually.

As to Muslim government, I am aware that many societies past and present, have managed to allow Muslims, Christians and Jews to coexist peacefully (by and large).  In many cases, the atrocities begin to show up when one group perceives less equality than another group, then uses that as an excuse to blame/persecute/genocide them.

I believe that so-called "Christians" (too often, merely in name, for even Hitler used that argument) are to blame for their share of pulling the religion card on their societal fellows, but just about every group has had their moment.

Looking from the outside, it makes no sense for example what is continuing to happen in Yugoslavia.  The *Entente Cordiale* is a rare moment when two historically belligerent groups came to understand they actually had common/symbiotic values.

edit:  Yes, for many years the Ottomans had Muslims and Christians working rather peacefully in society, despite the continued saber-rattling of their foreign policy.
Well, as long as they're not on the terrorists side!
And the problem is?
The Ottomans were very tolerant on religious matters unlike the Communists. They wanted the whole Europe under their rule though but were stopped at Vienna in 1683.

I think that the main enemies of the religions are not the atheists but the nutjobs who are doing all sorts of shit in the name of religion, like the fundamentalist Christians or the Muslim terrorists. 

Unfortunately, IMO the Entente Cordiale was just ganging up against an increasingly stronger Germany. Big Powers stuff.
We've already [started bombing them.](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/7274462.stm)  Let freedom ring!
&gt;This movement needed a name

What's wrong with "Islamic fundamentalism"?  I'll give you the answer to that one for free: sounds too much like "Christian fundamentalism."
Look guys, this is nothing new.  We drilled it into these Third World thugs during the Cold War:  if you want to get away with any kind of atrocious behavior (and sometimes to even get rewarded for it), just say you're doing whatever you're doing to fight whatever US politicians have declared the Big Bad Enemy of the Hour.  In those days it was Communism, today it is terrorism/radical Islam.

Anyone remember how during the Cold War, we justified our military (mis-)adventures in Colombia by saying the cartels had ties to Communist Rebels?  And then, suddenly, in the late 90's, you started hearing that they had ties to "terrorists"?  Remember?  "If you do drugs, you're helping the terrorists?"

For about 60 years, we've been sending a very clear message to the rest of the world: No matter how utterly depraved and evil you are, if you're on our side, the US has your back.
You wish you could rationally explain what you believe and why to others? You haven't been doing a very good job so far. DSK appears to have you pretty well trumped in this thread.
I think you've confused "Islamofascism" with "Islamophobia"
No, the answer is that it would be inaccurate. The correct term for Christians wanting to establish a state governed by Biblical law would be "Dominionism".
&gt;What's wrong with "Islamic fundamentalism"?

It doesn't capture the political aspirations.
Dude, this is the fucking Internet -- are we supposed to have "serious" discussions with anonymous people even though every discussion falls into the same "I'm right and you're wrong" mentality?

No, we're supposed to realize that our time is much more precious than "owning" someone we're never going to meet in real life.

Goddamn, the only reason I bothered to respond to any of his comment was because I'm bored as fuck at work.
[deleted]
That logic doesn't hold here, because the Ethiopians invaded Somalia with our moral and financial support. And we continue to carry out missile strikes in Somalia. We've been interfering there since the 1980s at least.
I'll admit you do have a point about our financial backing. I'm withdrawing my initial comment.
&gt;The country that had no government at all for like... a decade?

Please explain why not having a government at one time makes it okay for foreigners to enter the country by force and rape and kill people?

&gt;but I don't think we can just assume that that short lived Islamic government was established without external aid.

Why should I, you, or anyone else care if the government was given aid?  And last I looked Al Qaeda was not in to creating or financing governments (or have the capability to do such even if they wanted).  The only people throwing around cash in Somalia, from what I have seen and heard, is China which isn't what I would call a pro-Islamic party by any stretch.
I did not touch the subject of the ethiopian invasion (wow, there's a funny couple of words). Merely stating that the area was already a warzone, and that there were most likely  agents from the middle east working towards establishing their own puppet government there as well.

And Al-Qaeda does take in interest in these sorts of things, as well as many other like minded groups.
If they were looking for Al-qaeda I dont see what the problem is here.
Well can't argue with your last comment.  "The enemy of my enemy is my friend."

Thanks for the discussion.
Fair enough. With a subject as complicated as this, it's hard to convey all the important information in a headline. I can see why you said what you did.
I spoke too quickly. I should have done more than gloss over the article. My fault.
Pointless remark, really, that, isn't it?
There's a huge difference between Alexander's and the Arabs exansions compared to Europe's crusades.

Arabs and alexander didn't go about slaughtering and pillaging cities on their routes to victory. As opposed to crusaders who went there purely for the loot, and decimated whole populations (jewish and muslim). Not to mention the sack of Constintinople itself! so much for protecting christianianity from the 'saracen' menice.

Another point is your claim (as expected of jihadwatch fans) that arabs converted the inhabitants of their conquerd lands to Islam, or that the crusades were a 'defensive' reaction to islamic advances.

Muslims did not gain a majority in the middle east until about the 1500s. This is backed by extensive tax records. Which correlated with the desire of the caliphate to have as much income from the "dimmi" tax placed on non muslims if they did not join the army (which most didn't). The Arabs were the LAST people to want more muslim converts. 

For example, eastern mediteranean (including palestine and lebanon) and what later became included into the crusader kingdoms, they were all majority  orthodox christians *before* the crusades. The wars that insued the region after the europeans arrival decimated the region, and once the crusaders were kicked out, the better most of the place was de-populated. This facillitated immigration of other muslims from surrounding contries (especially those fleeing from other parts due to wars) into the meditaranean cost. Even persia was approximately 20-30% zoroasterian and not muslims up to about the 1600s. 

The muslims in Spain weren't simply invaders going for loot, they were infact asked to go in to overthrow the visigoths, who were not really getting along with the locals. In addition, more than half the population in Andalucia were chritian, and muslims never gained majority, and were only the elite ruling class.

Another point, the crusades were not a defensive reaction. By the time of the first crusade, the islamic powers of the middleast were actually on the decline (if not alreay declined). Other than the Turk advancement on the Byzantines (which Europeans couldn't care less about), Europe was pretty much untouched by muslims. Greed, power, ambition of european Nobles and kings, is what facilitated the crusades. In addition to the catholic church reasserting itself in being responsible for the holy sites of jerusalem, and gain leverage over the easter churches.
&gt;Pointless remark, really, that, isn't it?

Why, is, that?
I wasn't describing a country, thicko, but do tell how it is that Israel is antisemitic and islamist.
Waterboarding is not considered punishment so eye gouging becomes necessary.
How do you get to their hearts, though?
The trick is to stab him with a tiny, tiny penis.
&gt; 1) The Eastern Crusades, even if - as you mentioned - it was purely a reactive action

How do you explain the [fourth Crusade](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fourth_Crusade), then?

&gt; The Fourth Crusade (1202–1204) was originally designed to conquer Muslim Jerusalem by means of an invasion through Egypt. Instead, in April 1204, the Crusaders of the West invaded and conquered the Christian (Eastern Orthodox) city of Constantinople, capital of the Byzantine Empire. This is seen as one of the final acts in the Great Schism between the Eastern Orthodox Church and Roman Catholic Church. It has been often described as one of the most profitable and disgraceful sacks of a city in history.
Keep sending your aid money to Ethiopia! Just like you did with LiveAid! Oh wait, you don't like it when you know your aid money is really going towards the armed forces and not feeding the hungry? Oh that stings just a little bit doesn't it. (P.S. feel free to read up on the subject in "White Man's Burden by William Easterly)
Christians and Muslims have been doing this practically since their inception. Denying it or saying that state sponsered murder doesn't regularly depend on religious divisions is laughable. Religion is just one more thing that mankind uses to divide itself and defend its murderous ways.
Ethiopia invaded Somalia on behalf of the US government. The US government has been bombing Somalia for nearly 20 years now, not to mention  covertly arming the local militias there.
and i suppose the savage Americans in Iraq is just rosy with you then?
The sacking of Constantinople in 1204 was motivated by pure greed. Think of it like Iraq invading Kuwait for Oil, or like the US invading Iraq for oil...

Also, its funny to note, but that event probably brought the end of the Byzanthine Empire...
This is 100% true. Consider the ISI of pakistan which is structured after the CIA. Because the ISI cannot exercise its megalomania on others as effectively as the CIA, it turn on its own people. So will the CIA when its external activities are curbed.

America needs to redesign its intelligence agencies and its finance system before another bloody revolution.
So?
&gt;How do you explain the fourth Crusade, then?

I don't need to explain the Fourth Crusade, since the Fourth Crusade isn't the one that makes people talk about "Crusader spirit": it's the apparently common held assumption that European Crusaders just invaded Muslim lands without any previous interaction and moved by some completely blind and unwarranted religious zeal, as opposed to some supposed highly benevolent and peaceful Muslim rule. The Forth Crusade is interesting and relevant in that it changed the power structure balance between the two former Roman Empire areas and made clear the hidden motives behind part of the Crusaders and their sponsors.

Every Crusade had specific reasons, some of them don't even have anything to do with Muslims at all - the Crusade against the Cathars in the Languedoc was an entirely European affair, a mix of religious intolerance and sheer political and economical interests.

Where they more often then not gruesome affairs, filled with hate, criminal behaviours, doubtful motivations and hidden motives? Of course - no different from any other conflict. But the trend is to completely neglect crucial historical context  in order to shift the blame to a supposed European aggression. 

This is not innocent and follows a specific agenda with present-day implications, no different from other highly biased POVs like thinking that European colonialism was always a great blessing for the "savages", that Israel has all the blame - or all the reason - or that WW1 was Germany's fault.
&gt;Dude, this is the fucking Internet -- are we supposed to have "serious" discussions with anonymous people

That's actually precisely what made reddit a cool place before.

&gt;No, we're supposed to realize that our time is much more precious than "owning" someone we're never going to meet in real life.

&gt;Goddamn, the only reason I bothered to respond to any of his comment was because I'm bored as fuck at work.

Then don't post, and everyone else who wants to have legitimate discussions will be happier for it.
[deleted]
Why should I care about the e-happiness a bunch of anonymous people I'm probably never going to meet will experience -- they sure as hell don't care about mine.
Disgusting.

At least they left the 'tooth' part out of it.
Temple of Doom style
Bush:  "Catch anything?"
Yeah, I mean I'm trying to do my part here at home too.  I smoke as much weed as possible to help keep it out of the hands of terrorists.
"Hunting Al-Qaida" is becoming a rather grim meme. What it really means is: "Doing whatever the h*** I want and you better stay out of it or I'll come for you next."
"Indy! Cover your heart! Cover your heart!"
You.
an eye for an eye...
leaves the whole world blind
Sometimes to make an omelet, you have to rape and eye gouge a few eggs.
&gt;but do tell how it is that Israel is antisemitic

The european invaders, many of whom shaped the country as it is today or are still in power, divided the semitic people by religion and killed or arrested all who resisted.  That seems a bit antisemitic.

&gt;and islamist.

There is no such thing, so you got me there.
Via the vagina.
&gt;*divided the semitic people by religion and killed or arrested all who resisted. That seems a bit antisemitic.*

Ah, you're using '*antisemitism*' in that special Reddit way that nobody else uses. You know, if you have a private language nobody will understand you:

&gt;*Antisemitism (alternatively spelled anti-semitism or anti-Semitism, also known as judeophobia) is prejudice and hostility toward Jews as a group. The prejudice is usually characterized by a combination of religious, racial and ethnic biases. While the term's etymology might suggest that antisemitism is directed against all Semitic peoples, since its creation it has been used exclusively to refer to hostility towards Jews.*

That sorted for you now?


&gt;There is no such thing

Wrong again I'm afraid. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamism

http://www.thefreedictionary.com/Islamism


http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/islamism

But you carry on pretending...
Nah, it was just a standard strip search.  Had to make sure there were no IED's in her vagina.  Their budget is a bit low, so they had to use their penises as probes.
You're exposing yourself to be a tool.  Discourse in civil society matters, and if you have a position be prepared to back it up.  It doesn't matter if it's the internet or a conversation over a fence.  Clearly you haven't thought about your positions or you'd be ready to defend them.  You've simply swallowed something and don't like the unpleasantry of talking about it.
&gt;Ah, you're using 'antisemitism' in that special Reddit way that nobody else uses

Actually I used it correctly.

&gt;Wrong again I'm afraid.

"Islamist", the word you used, is a slang word used by people who are hate muslims.  You could easily replace it with "nigger" or some other similarly designed word.
&gt;*Actually I used it correctly*

No, you used it incorrectly.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-Semitism

http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/antisemitism

You've confused etymology with meaning, deliberately, because you think it helps your position to talk bollocks.

&gt;*"Islamist", the word you used, is a slang word used by people who are hate muslims*

***Islamist*** is a perfectly well-defined word.
infidel fools! don't you know we at al qaeda enjoy being eye-gouged every now and then?
Couple that with eating falafel and you have  real scorched earth policy on your hands.  

/salutes
&gt;You've confused etymology with meaning, deliberately

No, I used it correctly.  Zionism caused lots of hatred of Jews who used to live peacefully in that region for many, many years with the other semitic people.

&gt;Islamist is a perfectly well-defined word.

Sure it is.  I hear prejudice people use it all the time.  I'm sure it will eventually get addded to the dictionary just like "nigger" did.  That way you will have a proper word to describe your ignorant hatred.
&gt;*No, I used it correctly. Zionism caused lots of hatred of Jews who used to live peacefully*

Right, so let me get this right, you're saying that the most antisemitic country in the World - using the agreed, correct meaning of the word - is Israel?


&gt;*I'm sure it will eventually get addded to the dictionary*

It is added to several dictionaries.I just gave you a link to webster. And as for current usuage, well,

Here's the BBC:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/programmes/age_of_terror/7371008.stm

and the New York Times:

http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/22/world/asia/22pstan.html?partner=rssnyt&amp;emc=rss

and the San Francisco Chronicle

http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2008/05/09/MN7C10J8QC.DTL

and the Daily Kos

http://www.dailykos.com/story/2007/2/9/225057/4222/759/300275

and the Muslim Council of Britain

http://www.mcb.org.uk/features/features.php?ann_id=1615


Are you getting the message yet? It's a perfectly ok word, ***it's just you who has a problem***.
aww, did i strike a nerve?
&gt;using the agreed, correct meaning of the word - is Israel?

Yep.  Do you know of a better one?

&gt;It is added to several dictionaries.

You gave a link to the word "islamism".  "Islamist", the word you continue to use, is not in the dictionary because it is a recent American slang word meant to be disparaging and offensive to muslims.
ALl the links I gave you on current usage are to the word *Islamist*.

If you want a dictionary definition here goes:

http://www.thefreedictionary.com/Islamist

and

http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/islamist

Where *Islamist* is simply the noun derived form *Islamism*

Can't you read?

You'll have to give up on this, you're just talking absolute ***rubbish***.
Oh, and when I got drunk at the bar, and then got pulled over for speeding on my way home... yeah, that is because there was an Al-Queda at the bar trying to recruit me! I just had to get the hell out of there.  

I also think someone in Al-Queda may have intercepted the tax check that I sent to the government.  Shit, it's true, there are splinter cells everywhere!
Remind me never to eat at your house.
Please at least post a counter-argument before down-modding.  The guy has a point, appears to know his history, but... isn't regurgitating the reddit-mob accepted material, so let's all do drive-by down-mods! 

I take two clear elements from the posts that I think are correct:

1.) History and wars are never understood with blanket, over-simplified taunts. In every case, there is a minutia of details and context that governed what happened.  The problem is that it takes a little effort to learn about it and people are intellectually lazy. 

2.) All people are the same.  At base, every culture is no better or worse than any other.  There IS a tendency here to focus only on European and American infractions. Example?  A forkin' Ethiopian rapes a Somalian and that comes back full-circle to the American War on Terror.  Uhhh, what?? It turns out Somalians are just as capable of thinking for themselves as any one else.  It's arrogant and paternalistic to constantly claim that all problems in the world arise from one or two sources. For example, the notion that Americans created and promote terrorism is widespread here.  The U.S. is not innocent, but neither is anyone else (see point 1).  Human beings are fucked up. Deal with it.
you are falling into the common trap of generalising. mankind cannot think for itself [duh]. each person is his own man [or woman].
awwww =)
no, i think you struck oil
Heh heh heh! I like the part where the terrst gets raped an' then the other terrst gets his eyes gouged out!
Unf unf unf hunting Al Qeada feels so good~
Umm you really need to look up what 'fascism' means.
No *true* Scotsman
[deleted]
Why do you need to get to the heart? It's nothing but a muscle.

I've always hated that expression.

It assumes that you think with something beyond your mind.
Sounds like they've learned how to reason from the Bush administration.
I see the US has set such a great example for fighting a war on terror that other countries are following in our footsteps.
In the same spirit as finisterra's comments above, the following:

&gt; if you want to get away with any kind of atrocious behavior (and sometimes to even get rewarded for it), just say you're doing whatever you're doing to

Guess what? The communists (and by that implication Soviet) guerillas got away with even more atrocities. What is the most popular assault rifle in Africa? Guess what, it was not designed, manufactured and paid for by the Americans. 

Of course the Americans got their hands dirty during the cold war – but they prevented communism from spreading in quite a few countries. 

I am not scared that I will be shot by some criminal with a rifle manufactured by the USA – I am more scared with AK 47’s in the hands of a criminal. Name one conflict in Africa which was not directly or indirectly financed by communists (i.e. Soviets)?
Look, if we want to get African to fight for us, we have to insure their rights to rape the little village bitches they come across.  Furthermore, if every rape victim's brother feels free to walk the fuck away and talk to UN envoys, then what good is the right to rape village bitches?  

Move along, nothing to see here!
&gt; We have to rape and eye gouge them over there so we don't have to rape and eye gouge them over here.

Yeah well. The UN “peacekeeping force” in the Democratic Republic of Congo is also doing its fair share of raping. 

Raping is rather the result of an undisciplined fighting force than anything else.
Hardly. Those religions have obvious rules. Upmodded anyway for knowing the logical fallacies. :)
Thanks for the comment; more then any specific agreement I especially concur with this point

&gt;Please at least post a counter-argument before down-modding.

I don't mind people disagreeing with me or others; heck, they might even be right, or at least present new interesting angles. That's why I especially dislike solitary down votes: it's a feeling of mild censorship and impotence since any further debate is cancelled.

Not that anything of this matters, since debating on the Internet is an exercise on futility... but still.
Please don't talk so cynically. It sends chills down my spine.
What is cynical about stating the truth.

We think with our minds, not our hearts.

It worries me that people want to think there is another way to solve problems than to use your brain.

There is nothing else.
Your response was such a startling non-sequitur, I was at a loss.

Oh wait, you edited it to make a little more sense.

No, the "savage Americans in Iraq" aren't just rosy with me.  I'd rather our elected leader had never sent them over there.

That said, in America, on our soil, we are not oft frequented by the savage marauding brutality and startlingly subhuman ignorance as is common in the dark bottom half of Africa.

My theory is that the smart, curious, and bravehearted of the proto-humans migrated out of that hell in primordial times, leaving only the stupid, the lazy, and the violent thugs who prey upon them.

The rest is genetics.
&gt;we are not oft frequented by the savage marauding brutality and startlingly subhuman ignorance as is common in the dark bottom half of Africa.

of course you aren't because you are too busy exporting your savagery to other parts of the world.

you moron. do you really think that Americans, of all people, are superior when it comes to dishing out human suffering? you have a very short memory of your country's history don't you?
Wow, someone's a little bitter. If all you really care about is ranting and trolling, rather than serious discussion, there are plenty of places such as digg and yahoo chat where you'll find plenty of like-minded people. Then you don't have to worry about backing up your opinions.
USA- largest state sponsored terrorist organization in the not so free world!!!
YOUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK!!!
Thank Israel for this new muslim holocaust/crusade.
keep telling yourself that you dumb son of a bitch- it will eventually sound like the truth to you. -hoping you were being sarcastic.
They will be looking for Al Qaeda for a good long time- especially since it doesnt' exist except in the imaginations of people that have no imagination.
http://english.pravda.ru/mailbox/22/101/397/13821_AlQaeda.html

http://ca.youtube.com/watch?v=0UGXVic15ho&amp;feature=related

They needed to make a boogeyman to tell the dumb ignorant housewives they need to give up all freedom in exchange for protection from the all knowing all pervasive AL QAEDA!!!!
Which is really just a list of men willing to do terrorist actions kept by the CIA- the CIA then funds and trains these men to blow shit up at the most politically opportune time to maintain power and create fear among the wildly ignorant and massively stupid population of america, with some rare exceptions to that title of course.
But let's face it- you take 100 americans in a room and try to tell them Al Qaeda doesn't exist- they will think YOU are the idiot.
This is new and rapidly developing phenemonon in america- people so goddamned dirt stupid they think they are clever and spit in the face of wisdom. Sure there have always been fools- but never so many with access to so much information that their cow-like brains refuse to process and so incredibly amazingly ignorant that it's stunning they can even remember to breathe!!
http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/goldstein.html
in order to be on the side of the terrorists you will need to enlist in the american armed forces or the Israeli armed forces.
Then you will be a genocidal war criminal committing war crimes against all humanity and acts of state sponsored terrorism.
Reality is a bitch isn't it?
actually the catholic church is responsible for several wars and the intentional butchering of millions of innocent human beings. History really destroys any arguments these neocunts put forth these days.
Christians are those who follow christ.
No one diety has had more people murdered in his name.
you miss the blatantly obvious point that america has no goddamned business invading sovereign nations for any reason other than them threatening our borders or comitting a real act of war.
christianity=ORIGINAL GANGSTA!!!
in regards to IQ several would agree with you yes.
The litmus test of a person having a brain and consciousness is whether they buy into organized religion.
If they do, they failed miserably.
Yes, there is a god, and no, man cannot ever know him or his will because he is just a dumb ape stranded on a rock in the middle of the galaxy, killing other apes that don't walk or talk or think like him because they scare him and make him feel uncomfortable about his ignorance.
Oooh! OOH! OOH!!
I think I hear your pastor calling...
and what act of war and clear and present danger necessitates this policy at this time you dumb son of a bitch?
that's a nice slick motto- but it's only used as a last resort during war time- not as an excuse to swagger your cock around the globe and funding terrorists to do your dirty work.
Which is SOP for the USA right now.
but you forget that the muslim terrorists are created and funded by the so called christians in order to hurry up and have the rapture in their lifetime so they can see neat-o jesus come down to earth on 2012.
yeah- the waterboardin, racks, hot pokers up the ass, thumbscrews, cat o 9 tails, iron maiden, and burning oil had nothing to do with the reputation of the catholic church's thugs at all.
Back to sleep moron.
arabs are semites you fucking moron.
soupson I don't think you have been reading very hard. Back to work son you have soooooooooo much to learn- I can hear the wind whistling through your ears at the moment.
First off- arabs are semites.
Second- MOST ISraelis are not jews- they are Khazars- a tribe of retarded quasi-russians with no lineage to abraham whatsoever, and no claim to ISrael whatsoever.
third- the zionist movement that caused the USA funded invasion of previously british occupied palestine had absolutely nothing to do with biblical prophecy whatsoever- invite one of your Hassidic friends over to dinner to discuss what that's all about-
also- the population in palestine when the nazi-style invasion started was 90% arab, and had been so for several hundred years.

theres a big terrorist in the middle east, they have weapons of mass destruction, nuclear weapons, but they refuse inspections or disarmament. they have gone on record that they are willing to use their nukes to destroy the entire world if they think they are going to be destroyed(Ira baby!).
The name of that so-called country is Israel.
But it is not a country- it is nazi-style occupation and an arab holocaust under way.
wow dsk. you don't know shit. I highly suggest you start reading about rockefeller's funding of the christian equivalent of madrassas across the country.
I also highly suggest you start educating your ignorant self on the christian fascists that are in control of the US armed forces.
Please buy a clue at your earliest convenience....

http://www.reformation.org/rockefeller.html

http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=va&amp;aid=8171

http://www.wsws.org/articles/2005/apr2005/acad-a30.shtml

http://www.truthout.org/docs_2006/122107J.shtml

etc.. etc... then you need to read the book MANUFACTURED CONSENT- you are obviously a victim of it.
How about that algebra and astronomy you ape?
WAKE UP SHEEPLzzz
In my original post ([here](http://reddit.com/info/6irrh/comments/c03yi91)) I posted the definition from wikipedia. I even bolded parts that apply to Islamic states.
&gt;How about that algebra and astronomy you ape?

What about them? 

Even assuming that they were solely Islamic in nature - which is not true, given that both astronomy and algebra precede Islam - I find it interesting that when talking about the Muslim world scientific knowledge( which is always good, regardless of origin, and the Islamic world had a good period several centuries ago) suddenly is something that can be used in a discussion even if it has **nothing** to do with what is being debated.

It's part of point 2) actually: the portrayal of native Europeans as brutes that suddenly had forgot everything about Classical civilisation and the idealisation of an "enlightened" Islamic world filled with knowledge and virtue. In this, astronomy and algebra are always brought to the table as Islamic innovations, alongside with a Reader's Digest version of Islamic supposed religious respect for the conquered ones and their benign rule - implying that Muslim conquests should actually have been seen by the natives as a blessing!

Following this rationale would be appalling in other contexts of course -including European colonial intervention in the magrebe and Middle East - and everyone would denounce the flagrant duality of criteria.

I find it very amusing that what people are always saying about the Islamic world (they were victims, they have virtues, they were forced, they have their reasons, etc.) is suddenly regarded almost as xenophobia if applied to Europeans.
Damn it my second fail today. I was trying to be witty in that if you use the word think loosely as processing information and reacting to it, then you sort of do that with your spinal chord. Anyway I'm going to hide in a corner and cry. You have fun.
Listen, even if what you say is 100% true (and I don't really care enough to look through your kook conspiracy theory sites to find out, or argue about it) - it doesn't take away from my argument that 'Islamofascism' is an apt name for Islamic extremism. 

To reiterate, whether or not the US is a Christian-fascist country is a separate argument from whether or not Islamofacism is an apt name for the extremist Islamic movement personified by Al Qaeda-type terror cells and Saudi political system. I argued the latter, not the former. Chill.
*WHOOSH*
...which is why you need to be armed to the teeth so if someone comes to rape your sister, they get a bullet in their head instead.
&gt;*Antisemitism (alternatively spelled anti-semitism or anti-Semitism, also known as judeophobia) is prejudice and hostility toward Jews as a group. The prejudice is usually characterized by a combination of religious, racial and ethnic biases. While the term's etymology might suggest that antisemitism is directed against all Semitic peoples, since its creation it has been **used exclusively to refer to hostility towards Jews***

Ok? Has that helped you, dim person?
&gt;*First off- arabs are semites*

Etymology isn't semantics, thicko.

&gt;*Antisemitism ... is prejudice and hostility toward Jews as a group. The prejudice is usually characterized by a combination of religious, racial and ethnic biases. While the term's etymology might suggest that antisemitism is directed against all Semitic peoples, **since its creation it has been used exclusively to refer to hostility towards Jews***

That's twice now. I don't see why you have such a problem with such a simple word.

&gt;*Second- MOST ISraelis are not jews...*

Right, now you're just being weird. Not just thick but weird.

I'm afraid the remainder of your screed here bored me. Mentally ill people's ramblings are just boring.
[deleted]
Learn your grammar.

First, when put in quotes, it means I am not referring to myself but to a common quote, well referenced, which does not even reflect my own viewpoint.

Second, I am neither criticizing nor supporting the US with that statement, I am referring to other historical (non-current-event) situations where that comment loosely applies.

So get your facts straight and direct your sophomoric insults elsewhere, you self-gratifying troll.
i think the point was that the occupation of their country had something to do with the "fixation on homeland"?
ROAR!
GRRR!
Both sides used similar tactics in different countries and there are consequences popping up all around us. Are you saying that, though America and the Soviet Union used the same tactics, America's actions are somehow justifiable because we were fighting communism which we decided was immoral?
[deleted]
You two are on completely different wavelengths.
Please DO NOT get married to each other.

Summary:
an eye for an eye...
I think it's a useful term.
We have to rape and eye gouge them over there so we don't have to rape and eye gouge them over here.
I like to call your post "stupid".
I hear prejudice people use it all the time.
&gt; We have to rape and eye gouge them over there so we don't have to rape and eye gouge them over here.
I didn't say all Muslims are Islamofascists.
people who rape and kill are not Christians.
The country  that had no government at all for like... a decade?
I would call it 'acting like Islamofascists'.
Okay I get it, us muslims are all evil fucks.
I just had to get the hell out of there.
And who are they then?
The Arabs were the LAST people to want more muslim converts.
I don't see why you have such a problem with such a simple word.
"Islamist", the word you used, is a slang word used by people who are hate muslims.
I can see why you said what you did.
If they were looking for Al-qaeda I dont see what the problem is here.
You going to stop us?'.
The invading Muslims were no angels.
The name of that so-called country is Israel.
&gt;*No, I used it correctly.
I like the part where the terrst gets raped an' then the other terrst gets his eyes gouged out!
I even bolded parts that apply to Islamic states.
soupson I don't think you have been reading very hard.
Yeah, I mean I'm trying to do my part here at home too.
Don't tell me, it's the Crusader Syndrome...
Why do you need to get to the heart?
You realize this is Somalia, right?
All people are the same.
I can see your larger point, but your examples are stupid.
And last I looked Al Qaeda was not in to creating or financing governments (or have the capability to do such even if they wanted).
And nothing helps Al Qaeda PR like the US going in there (again).
I wasn't describing a country, thicko, but do tell how it is that Israel is antisemitic and islamist.
You gave a link to the word "islamism".
The correct term for Christians wanting to establish a state governed by Biblical law would be "Dominionism".
The main reason the Crusaders are portrayed as evil is the hate against the Christian religion.
Don't you know on reddit atheist &gt; muslims &gt; christians?
I'm not saying it's al-qaeda themselves who are involved, but I don't think we can just assume that that short lived Islamic government was established without external aid.
How about you rape and eye gouge them over there so they come back to rape and eye gouge them over here and the cycle continues..
&gt;but I don't think we can just assume that that short lived Islamic government was established without external aid.
Why stop at the Crusaders?
&gt;The country that had no government at all for like... a decade?
The big bad Crusaders were quite popular in these parts, I wonder why.
If you really don't see how using the term "islamofacist" is a dumb idea, then what's the point of discussing it any further?
The atheist fundamentalists consider somehow the Muslim one as less dangerous.
Ethiopia invaded Somalia on behalf of the US government.
The U.S. is not innocent, but neither is anyone else (see point 1).
Why should I, you, or anyone else care if the government was given aid?
Please explain why not having a government at one time makes it okay for foreigners to enter the country by force and rape and kill people?
We think with our minds, not our hearts.
It worries me that people want to think there is another way to solve problems than to use your brain.
I find it very amusing that what people are always saying about the Islamic world (they were victims, they have virtues, they were forced, they have their reasons, etc.)

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.52
