Original Response:
Humans have the basic right to drink water, to search for water, to buy water.  The effect of calling water a "right", is to say it should be provided.  A human right isn't something the government provides, its something you are born with -- the government can't take away.
Let it be said any society should provide safe drinking water, and I'll agree.  It is immoral that many capable societies are so corrupt people have no safe drinking water.  But, water isn't a "right".
To clarify. Basically Canada's fear is that with such a large part of the world's fresh water supply being present in Canada, saying that it is a basic right removes any control Canada has on that supply. Canada isn't saying people don't deserve fresh water and shouldn't be able to access it, just that water solutions have to be implemented within their own countries. It's pretty much just a move to make sure there is no legal grounds for exporting Canadian resources without Canadian consent.
I disagree, using basically the same reasoning. A right is something fundamental to humanity, but doesn't necessarily mean it's something a government has to "provide". Consider the right to bear arms: I didn't get a stipend check to pay for my guns. Nor is it something the government can't take away, if there's just cause: my neighbor's free speech rights don't cover loud parties at 2 AM.

In fact, since I'm being .us-specific, we already recognize "life" as a right [1]. And there are few things more fundamental to staying alive than having water. So it's a basic human right here already.

[1] I don't mean fetus-related controversy, but as in "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness".
I think access to oil is not a basic human right. If they don't want to sell it to you or anybody else, that's how it is.
If it did then oil would be next.  

Time to nationalize the oil companies.  We wouldn't let the free market set the price for water.  Oil is almost as vital.  

Chavez is the man.
Agreed. We should not confuse material objects, rights, and liberties.
[deleted]
I don't see how this is possible.  Food is a basic human right isn't it?  The US is not required to send all of its food to starving people, so why would Canada have to send its water?
The USA has the military to stop others from take our food.  Canada - not so much.
True, but it would be cheaper for them to filter it themselves rather then ship it from this great land.  The amount of energy required to move it is far more then it would be to run a desalinization plant.

Making drinking water a basic human right is a very ugly grey area that is hard to enforce.  It implies that a technologically superior country is responsible for enforcing it since it is based on a physical technology that a poor country may not possess, whereas traditional basic human rights are abstract and can be enforced with good judgement and fairness without the need for technology.
Actually Canada does have the U.S. Military to stop others from taking their food.
[link](http://www.canada.com/topics/news/story.html?id=403d90d6-7a61-41ac-8cef-902a1d14879d&amp;k=14984)
&gt;"There's no requirement as a human right for us to provide water for swimming pools and golf courses and fountains in Las Vegas."

Well said. Not just in Las Vegas - in the entire country. I'd like to know how much water is wasted on golf courses.

Scratch that. It'd just piss me off.
I don't think that "water" should be classified as a "right". On the other hand I believe freedom of movement/migration should be a basic human right ...
It is not a right it is a necessity!
This seems a bit misleading.  Sounds like it is the Canadians,  not the UN that is the corperatist here.
Water is a good. You don't have a right to a good/product or service because that means that you have a right to slavery (the service/work/goods of other people). This is why you should have the right to pursue those but not a right to be _given_ those.
&gt; UN rejects water as basic human right 

Brawndo™, on the other hand....
OK.  I just moved onto your front porch.  Can you get me a beer, mate?
You say that like people in Aftica die from water related stuff all the time.
Had several cups of water yesterday, feeling really bad over it.
don't order the tshirts, they're of really low quality

just fyi
That sounds great. But it conflicts with a nations's right to sovereignty.
look  on the bright side. it will stop waterboarding.
I hope you know that SOTT is run by a UFO cult, and has relationships with Westboro "GOD HATES FAGS" Baptist Church.
Individuals have rights; nations pretend to have rights.
I think you're confusing private property and soil.
It's not wasted, it's used to take care of the courses so people can play golf.
Since he nationalized the oil companies, this clown can't even refine his own oil. Way to go!
[deleted]
rejecting water as human right lays foundation for future conflict, remember Bechtle and South America...
NO. GTFO squatter!
Hmm, I read somewhere that water would be the source of the next world war. Can't remember where though.
[deleted]
Thanks for your opinion. Do you have any *facts* you'd like to share?

Individuals have the rights that the collective system of nation states (or federations thereof) permit them to have.
And now I'm here, I insist you don't do anything to 'offend' me or my brothers from the 'old country'. If you do, I'll kill you.
No. We have laws *because* we have rights, not the other way around. That is, laws can protect existing rights but can't create them out of thin air (or paper, for that matter).

Unfortunately the welfare state destroyed this notion and now, people think that they can have a "right" to water, food or a house just because their representatives pass a law saying so.
I hope you mean the right to leave ones country ie: palestininians trying to leave for egypt. And not the right to infringe on others property.. like the collective property of the american people.
And who grants and maintains the rights? Or do you perhaps believe that they reside in some transcendent, eternal realm?
Rights are claimed, recognized or denied by individuals; sometimes, there are conflicts (e.g. I claim some rights that the state denies me).
Food is not a human right. Someone who refuses to work has no right to be fed through the work of others.
*"Whenever there is a conflict between human rights and property rights, human rights must prevail."* -- Abraham Lincoln
[deleted]
I don't know what to say - I don't think there ever needs to be a conflict between them. I don't think human rights are even possible without property rights, or to put it differently, I believe private property is a very basic human right. I disagree with human rights such as the right to food an the right to water, I don't think they really hold much water. :) I believe in equality though, in the sense that a human being born in the civilised world should not have more rights than someone born in a developing nation, but that's usually even harder for people to accept than the right to food. I don't believe that society should act like Robin Hood in order to provide food for everybody, but I believe everybody should have a fair shot at earning their food and nobody should be confined to a limited space in which he can do so.
Individuals can *claim* whatever they want. Without the backing of a greater authority (i.e. one that has the power to enforce such rights) they have squat.
What is collective property?

To put it more clearly I believe in the right of people to be allowed to live anywhere as long as they can do so without infringing on someone else's rights i.e. they can afford to pay the rent or buy the real estate.
[deleted]
water has to be a right.  it's necessary for human life.  without fulfilling a sustenance requirement first, how do you expect to fulfill higher-order rights such as 'right to housing'.  Who wants a house on a prison planet that has no water.

Go watch the campy scifi movie 'tank girl' and you'll see what happens when corporations own all the water (as opposed ot being owned publicly as a 'right')
Water is a special resource that cannot be made into property.  Some rivers flow through multiple countries.

We're going to have to learn to share the water, air and sunlight if we're ever going to get thru this.
And who is this greater authority, if not another individual (or a group of individuals)?
Canada is basically wholly owned by PepsiCo and every canadian works for pepsico at the bottling plant which is Mrs. Calgary's backyard spigot.  They urged the UN to consider water to be like old-people ribbon candyso they can keep selling water to the indians.  The. End.
If this is just a pedantic debate about the referents of collective nouns, I'm not interested.
Neither am I. We're debating natural rights vs. legal rights.
A basic human need, but not a right.
Water is a limited resource. If we breed like rabbits how do you expect to be able to provide this basic human "right" ad infinitum? The fact that water and food are limited resources provides a normal, healthy check on population growth.
How convenient!

/sarcasm
Do you even *know* what your talking about?...

Didn't think so!!
You'd have to be more specific to make that sort of determination. Canada easily has the military to stop everything from one random person to the militaries of about half the countries in the world. The USA might not have enough military to stop, say China who has almost double the number of active troops or the European Union which has about double the total US troops including reservists, especially now with Iraq sucking up so much of US military resources. (See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_size_of_armed_forces)

Who can defend what depends on who we are talking about as trying to take it.
Agreed. This isn't an easy question to answer. Access to water seems like it should be a basic human right, but what does that mean in practical terms? Can a restaurant refuse to give a glass of water to a homeless person who requests it? Can a sovereign nation refuse other nations from raping it's own fresh water resources? If that's the case, where's the incentive for countries to properly take care of their own water supplies when they can just leech off the hard work of the countries who do?

On principle I agree with access to water as a human right, but I think the details of the consequences of what such a statement means need to be spelled out much further before I'd agree to it.
Say hello to my little friend!
Consider the negative economic consequences that would result if your countrys population doubled overnight.

You, as a citizen and part of a cultural collective of your own nation should have the right to deny others access to your nation if you believed for whatever reason that they would negatively impact your lives.
I imagine some one world socialist speaking on CTV news "But human water is a basic human right as defined by the UN! It's our duty to do absolutly everything in our power to send them water, even if it costs a BILLION-JILLION dollars"
What a confusing article:

1. The Harper government, supported by the opposition Liberals, don't support the UN resolution because it could mean Canada has to export water to the U.S.
2. I was pretty sure that NAFTA already states that Canada can export water to the U.S.
3. The "social advocacy group" said that the UN resolution was designed to allow bulk water exports to the US.
These are bandaid solutions to problems that can only be solved from within the countries experiencing them. Canada, nor any other nation is obligated beyond their own concious to break  our country to fix one broken aspect (of which there are many) of another.
How do you get those troops to the US in enough numbers to be a threat? Our ships/subs/missiles and planes would sink any armada before they even got near Hawaii.

BTW - the EU has next to no military to speak of.
oh dear....
Let's think this through.  Let's say we declare water a basic human right.  Then what?  Who is responsible for delivering the water that people have a basic right to?  Where does it come from?  Who actually digs for it, purifies it, etc?
I'm sorry? What exactly where you addressing with your sarcasm?
Go choke on a dick and die.
How will that solve the overpopulation problem? And how exactly do immigrants negatively impact your life? The only reasons for migration control are protectionism and creating a tiered society where illegal immigrants are the modern day slaves. The first reason is failing anyway, thanks to outsourcing.
I understand what you are getting at...a sort of protestant ethic...but in reality many people who refuse or are unable to work are given food.  The disabled are not working, but given food.  The drug-users and alcoholics are often cared for by others. Many relationships are composed of one person who works and another that watches tv.

But perhaps the most interesting group of people that don't work...at least not often or very hard, are the lower upper class.  I work for those people.  They seldom are working, and complain how pointless work is.  Course they have come into money....lots of it....so they can pay me to do what they want.
lol, I'd probably host you a bit.

Summary:
water has to be a right.
Food is not a human right.
Food is a basic human right isn't it?
I work for those people.
I think access to oil is not a basic human right.
But, water isn't a "right".
I don't think that "water" should be classified as a "right".
A basic human need, but not a right.
Let's say we declare water a basic human right.
Water is a limited resource.
So it's a basic human right here already.
I claim some rights that the state denies me).
Who is responsible for delivering the water that people have a basic right to?
The effect of calling water a "right", is to say it should be provided.
Access to water seems like it should be a basic human right, but what does that mean in practical terms?
I don't see how this is possible.
I disagree with human rights such as the right to food an the right to water, I don't think they really hold much water.
Actually Canada does have the U.S. Military to stop others from taking their food.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
