Original Response:
I would enjoy knowing the mileage on these things, and their emissions.

But ah well.  I wouldn't call it a tipping point (except for South Korea and China) but it'll certainly help!
Doesn't that primarily air-powered car come out next year? Isn't that way cheaper?
That thing was debunked as being 99% NOT powered by air, if I'm not mistaken.
Hasn't it been demonstrated time and time again that hybrids aren't as good for the environment as a small high efficiency diesel?
When people buy cars, they tend to think of the other green stuff. Hybrids cost less to refuel.
The air-powered car is worse for the environment because it takes more fossil fuels to compress the air than you'd save by using gas.
And Detroit is way behind...
Diesel is a step sideways not forward. It might be better but it has its limits.
But... diesels cost less to buy and get similar fuel economy improvements over regular gasoline engines.
[citation needed]
Hybrids are the wrong way to go. They more than double the complexity of the machine. Not only does the manufacturer jam a whole 2nd motor and batteries into an already-cramped small space, but the gasoline engine and the electric motor system have to talk intimately together as they trade drive responsibility back and forth.

Compare this to an electric-only drive system, which is far *simpler* than a gasoline engine. It's basically just a motor, batteries, power controller, and charge controller.
In the US, diesel prices are [much, much higher](http://tonto.eia.doe.gov/oog/info/gdu/gasdiesel.asp) than gasoline.  Fifty extra cents per gallon isn't something people are willing to go for when they can just pay gas prices for something with an almost equivalent fuel efficiency and thousand dollar, government-sponsored tax deductions.
[deleted]
FAIL. They use electricity to compress the air. Granted a lot of electriciticy is produced by coal. But if you run the numbers, a massive coal power plant is STILL more efficient and will produce less CO2 per joule than you gasoline powered power plant (your engine) that you lug around with you every where your car goes. Quit perpetuating this half-assed talking point.
I'm VERY interested in these so called 'hybird cars'

So... is a hybird similar to an albatross?
Hyundai actually has some nice looking vehicles now. The Genesis will be a nice sporty rwd fun car.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
If the air-car is so great, why hasn't pnemuatic power overtaken electric or propane in the warehousing industry?  You have a higher demand for zero emissions and buildings with massive compressors and airlines already installed.
[deleted]
Hybrid tech in cars has much lower limits.
Those tax deductions are over, actually. A Golf TDI costs less and gets better mileage than a Prius...
No, they use a gas engine in the vehicle to compress the air, unless you want to plug in every few miles.

edit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_car#MDI
Nice downmod for accuracy!
Go use google yourself.
Can you recommend a good electric car?  I live in the states, and I can't seem to locate a dealer.  Tesla isn't manufacturing yet.  The Chevy volt isn't out yet.  Most of the hits on google are "Who killed the electric car" and "Electric car conversion kits".
the germans developed it but dumbed the project because they have better technologies. only the mass media and politics have put up that hybrid hype
Not so  far behind. The main reason Business Week put GM as #18 on their List of the 50 Most Innovative Companies is the new [Chevy Volt](http://www.engadget.com/2007/11/21/gm-reaffirms-commitment-to-2010-volt-launch/)
[deleted]
I'm not replacing my car until there's a decent plugin hybrid car out there. There's already diesel's in the UK that typically get 45-60mpg on the motorway (highway). 100mpg - infinite mpg is possible with a plugin hybrid.
Take the E1 or a scaled down TESLA, stick a super efficient, small diesel engine in it, and a 30 mile battery range (Valence technology have the batteries, and have had for 5 years!) and most commuters will use zero fuel day-to-day! I plan to be one of them!
[deleted]
...but what I said is easy to verify.
[deleted]
No, I'm saying that since the EPA released their revised numbers, the ratings were better for the Golf than the Prius, the last year the Golf TDI was sold here.

It's pointless anyway. Take the train.
If you'd like something futuristic - [the Aptera has a 120 mile range, and goes 90mph (film)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2Ke1VWhZJA). And it's much cheaper than the Tesla.
[deleted]
Bensch: I did, and I see a lot of links in Google about the air car, a lot of blog links about it, but nothing substantial about that particular point. I was curious where it came from, because we have an air compressor in our garage that runs on electricity. Electricity can be powered by a nuclear plant or solar or wind... so how does it take more fossil fuels to compress air, then?
Only available in CA unfortunately.
:)

Thanks.
The MDI is the one that's likely to be first to market. Here's the portion of the Wikipedia article on that (which was my second google hit on 'air car'):

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_car#MDI

Note that it only gets 30 miles on the compressed air tank.
Hybrids are the right way to go if you choose the right kind of hybrid. The parallel hybrid is indeed more complex and a questionable road to take.

The series hybrid with an ICE connected to a generator charging the battery and an electric motor driving the wheels directly, is a splendid idea. You get economy, environmental frendliness and longevity without the complexity. With a large battery and a small gasoline/diesel tank you can do most of you driving on 100% electric and even take on longer trips without risking getting stranded.
Thats propaganda nonsense. The batteries are completely recyclable.
[deleted]
At this point, you'll only be able to find small-time outfits. Google around. There's a number of companies making so-called "NEV's"... contacting them might also give you some leads.

There's also local shops scattered about that do conversions (they pull the ICE out of a car and put in an electric motor &amp; batteries).
With analog things like cars, adding more pieces tends to give you more pieces that can wear out and break down. More maintenance, more repairs (and at a higher cost, since you need more highly-skilled techs to deal with all the complexity), and more expenses.

This is very different than with digital devices, where increasing complexity of the device itself tends to mean adding more transistors.
[deleted]
Thanks for the reply.  After some googling based on this info, a converted electric mini cooper looks pretty nice.
Cool! Good to know.

Summary:
They use electricity to compress the air.
Hybrids cost less to refuel.
Hybrids are the wrong way to go.
The air-powered car is worse for the environment because it takes more fossil fuels to compress the air than you'd save by using gas.
Hybrid tech in cars has much lower limits.
Can you recommend a good electric car?
But... diesels cost less to buy and get similar fuel economy improvements over regular gasoline engines.
Electricity can be powered by a nuclear plant or solar or wind... so how does it take more fossil fuels to compress air, then?
It might be better but it has its limits.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
