Original Response:
Sounds like false-flag foreshadowing to me.. sounds like they'll stop at nothing to keep exploiting Tibet's natural resources.. guess we need the lithium for batteries... but is it worth it?  And with the skum of the Bush admin saying hes a 'Man of peace' its almost enough to make their claims remotely plausible...
And these are the guys who were chosen to host the olympics.. crazy
Then they called the US a bunch of poo poo heads.

Honestly. Namecalling is used by small children and large countries...
And you are the scumbag China-hater who keep on posting anti-China junks..trashy
Look, Tibet is part of China, no matter what you fuckers bitch about. Whatever China does to it, it's still better than what the US government does against the rest of the world. Open your fucking eyes, all of you.
China's tenacious hold of Tibet has nothing to do with natural resources.  After more than a hundred years of humiliation and exploitation by foreign powers - including the ceding of territory via force, intimidation, and unfair treaties - China is rightly suspicious of foreign attention regarding China's territorial integrity.

The Chinese are worried that a successful Tibetan bid for independance will encourage other provinces to do the same (Xinjiang, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Inner Mongolia).  They are also concerned that once the West is done with Tibet, they would move on to other provinces in the ~200 year quest to fracture China.

I guess its not too surprising that so few Americans are aware of this context.
Morality has nothing to do with the Olympic decisions. The first event of the games is always the 100 meters bribe followed by the relay race with a new kind of backhander pass.
&gt; I guess its not too surprising that so few Americans are aware of this context.

It's the same PR scheme that got them behind the Iraq war. Their predicable stupidity is measurable.
[deleted]
when i was younger i read a bunch of the dalai lama's stuff. it was when he was peaking in exposure and i happened to be reading a lot about eastern religion. 

i found it to be moralistic bullshit, i.e. he basically says "everybody should be kind and love each other", sentiments i found to be unhelpful and aggravatingly meaningless. Enforced New Age niceness "because it's enlightened" is BS. An evolving human will, by their own experience, get past this type of pretense into what is honest and true. Eventually they may reach the same conclusions re love and compassion, but you can't just tell them the end result "be loving" and be done with it.  

He espouses nonviolence. Nice sentiment. He lost his country because his weak army was slaughtered and he only escaped because of CIA intervention. If his philosophy was one of world engagement, diplomacy, and military strength, with spirituality in its proper place within the culture, he would still have Tibet. Then his people wouldn't be in the situation they are in, which is one of looking back in regret. 

And, if you ARE in that position, best to move on with it and deal with the world as it is. You can't expect to change China's mind by crying about it. China is a billion-strong behemoth. I always thought that those Free Tibet bumperstickers circa 1996 indicated that the occupants of the vehicle were complete fucking ninnies. Not because it wouldn't be nice, but because they're fucking clueless about the way the world works. Even more annoying that that kind of college student/nanny/organic chemist think the world should do what you say because of your purported, recently discovered spiritual enlightenment. (see: stuff white ppl like.com) But I noticed people eventually took them off anyway, because they realized it was stupid. And maybe that they actually didn't know shit about the politics of the actual situation anyway. Not that it wouldn't be nice.

I happened to see him speak publicly, to an adoring crowd of Portlanders. I was open to the experience even though he hadn't said anything I found valuable. From observing him i came to the conclusion he was manipulative, controlling, and strangely inauthentic poser who plays his spiritual and royal credentials to the hilt. 

He is like an annoying, fake-nice, and ultimately evil and controlling aunt.

Why do I feel this way? 1) distaste for his annoyingly authoritative moralism, which did get a lot of exposure and publication more due to his celebrity status as a deposed spiritual leader than his actual insight or helpfulness. Eckhart Tolle, for example, is someone I would consider as an authentic teacher or coach with real credentials and no political agenda. 2) Observing him as a person, intuition, and my gut feeling.

I rarely bash him to anyone as it rarely ever comes up, but this is something I feel strongly about. I think he's bullshit and he can go fuck himself. 

No I am not Chinese or have any personal or nationalistic vendetta against him.

Why so angry? Because of experiences I had growing up in religion, I feel very strongly about people who claim to be able to help other people find answers in their life. I appreciate value where I find it, and where there is reputation but no value, I am disgusted, saddened, and pissed. Well, not so much anymore, but when I was in my late teens, these were big things to me. re fake religion, see Scientology, The Secret (69% of it anyway), most religion, astrology (?) (but its fun... ?), Annoying New Age guys and girls, hypocritical cliquish scared white hippies, most Christianity, Islam, etc.

Pretty much over the Dalai Lama.
[deleted]
Wow, the Chineese are a bit uppity about creative critisizm eh?
same thing ur going to do with all that sarcasm.
And the AAjacksh*t are a little zealous eh?
Honestly, I'd think China has more reasons to retain sovereignty over Tibet than the US over Hawaii, California, Texas, New Mexico, Alaska, and Arizona, and Spain over Bask, Canada over Quebec, Britain over Folkland, and on and on. 

Basically you white boys are afraid of the yellow people getting the upper hand, and came duly your smear campaign. It's mean, it's low, its ugly and it's as usual. 

And you are not going to win really. Boycott China if you want, Chinese do not even fucking care because you do not make a numerical significance, period.
I wonder how many Americans are aware that the American Southwest and Hawaii were annexed via agressive warfare and subversion. I'm also curious as to how many know about the US betrayal and colonialism in the Philippines.

&gt;Basically you white boys are afraid of the yellow people getting the upper hand, and came duly your smear campaign. It's mean, it's low, its ugly and it's as usual.

I'd attribute the China-bashing to the standard anti-Chinese racism that never really died out.  We don't massacre chinese villages on US/Canadian soil anymore, but the prejudicial distrust of anything Chinese still endures and is occaisionally flamed by a compromised Western media.

&gt;Boycott China if you want

Not an option anymore.  China has managed to make itself vital to the competitiveness of Western markets.

&gt;Chinese do not even fucking care because you do not make a numerical significance, period.

I've seen quite a bit of Chinese rage against the more recent Western media bias and misrepresentation of facts.  The Chinese are becoming more active online, and more proficient with the English language.  I expect to see more and more Chinese challenge the Western media interpretation of chinese events in the coming years. In fact, I welcome it.

Summary:
I think he's bullshit and he can go fuck himself.
Why do I feel this way?
I guess its not too surprising that so few Americans are aware of this context.
Not that it wouldn't be nice.
Boycott China if you want, Chinese do not even fucking care because you do not make a numerical significance, period.
&gt; I guess its not too surprising that so few Americans are aware of this context.
China's tenacious hold of Tibet has nothing to do with natural resources.
And you are not going to win really.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
