Original Response:
The common thing I get from the hardcore "right of return" people is that the Palestinians were not native so it was ok to kick them out.

I even had one guy ask me "how many generations have to live somewhere before they are considered native?"

My only reply was to ask him if he'd give his house to the people that used to be in the local Indian tribes that had been moved off to reservations. Of course, the subject was quickly changed.

Edit:  I'm leaving my personal opinon out of this on purpose. The guy is a real guy (Orthodox Jewish convert actually) and I didn't want to get into any kind of religious/political dscussion at work so I dropped the subject.
[deleted]
I don't know, living in a world of such artifacted and low resolution times must have been difficult.
All I see is blurry, low quality JPGs that have been passed across the Internet from email chain generation to generation. I bet the majority of them aren't even of Palestine.
They didn't exactly have 100 megapixel cameras back then.
Wouldn't be such a big deal if they weren't resized from 100x100 thumbnails.
I don't know about beautiful, it's just some pictures of some old dilapidated-looking buildings and some people who look kind of happy.
Well in case you didn't know, the middle east used to be the intellectual center of the world back in earlier centuries.
Usually when I get to that point, they turn to the "Let's see the Indians come and try to take my house! We are more powerful!!!" argument.
A photocamera is better than a 100 megapixel camera...
That was hardly "Palestine".

It was the Ottoman empire, part of modern day Turkey.

And it was filled with bedouins.  These photos are fakes.  Any slightly educated person would know that.

You think there were THAT many cars at the turn of the century?   Look at any pictures of the area controlled by England pre-1946.
Judging from the artifacts they're most likely taken from a bad res video. Most of the pics are 480x360. So i guess someone paused a vid and took a screen shot.
Wait, wait... slow down!

If the photos are fakes, then you're saying we should regard them as fakes of the Ottoman Empire, and not fake pictures of Palestine?

Oh, and why did the fakers go to the trouble of including so many apparently anachronistic cars?  Or populating the photographs with fake Bedouins instead of fake Palestinians?

I'm confused.   My education was obviously too slight.
Actually, villagers, or "fallaheen", constituted the majority of the population. Bedouins were only found near the nejev region, and occasionaly traveled northward from time to time. Not to mention, palestine still had sizable urban centers located at the major cities. Haifa, akka, Ramallah, nasiriya, etc...

Just because India was part of the "British Empire," doesn't make it any less indian. The region was known as palestine, just as syria and iraq were part of the ottoman empire, yet had distint populations with different dialects and folk traditions.
die israel die!
I'm not sure the relevance of that statement. What would you have me infer?
[deleted]
Wow - Palestine used to be black and white!
WOW! pre-apartheid Palestine looked nice. To bad it is now infested with parasites.
The point still holds.  How long do you have to live somewhere before you're a native?
Shhhh!  It was beautiful . . . and the Joos ruined it!
Truly beautiful countries:- The Lebanon and Ethiopia. Unfortunately, people tend to judge them based on memories of news reports.
its more how badly do you want to be "The Native"
looks just like Cuba pre Fidel.
well then we fall back on if anyone tries to take whats mine they are getting carried out.  so, does that make me a native?
Dear Reddit,

Why do you hate me?

Sincerely, 

A Jew.
Man, Jordan and Egypt fucked that place up.
True that. You don't know how many people think Ethiopia's a desert, when in reality it's a temperate, mountainous and very lush.
So another Palestinians living abroad should be considered native?
I don't hate Jews, I just dislike Israeli foreign policies.
do any of those people look Arab to you? 

Besides : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3263/2507818437_336a6a00db.jpg?v=0

and that picture is clearly of TURKS.


wtf kind of propaganda is this? You think Arabs build in a European style? Wear European clothing much?

These pics are mostly of Brits, Jews, Turks.

The only arabs to be clearly seen here are http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3259/2509202884_c5049259b3.jpg?v=0
I would say White people should definitely be considered natives in the USA by now.
Wake up from your slumber?
[deleted]
Yeah, the parasite comment is going a long way to prevent you from being branded as an antisemite.
Well before the discovery of oil...
It all comes down to might makes right eventually.
Yeah. I can't really claim the moral highground here though - I originally judged them on news reports too, and have since been surprised at seeing them in other programmes. 

The combination of mountains and amazingly preserved ancient Roman ruins in the Lebanon is just stunning, and as you say, Ethiopia's mountain landscapes are unique and very pretty.
No, if someone steals your car and keeps it for 300 years, its still that persons car. No matter how much you keep lying to yourself about it.
the middle east stopped being the intellectual center of the world by 1300. 

Oil doesn't factor into it.
A greater pack of falsehoods I haven't seen in the longest of time.

Reality check:  Before Israel, the land was under British control.  Before that, it was part of the Ottoman empire.  Even in that era, it was heavily Jewish.

The Arabic empire was created post WWI as a British artifact.  It did not exist for hundreds and hundreds of years.

For every Jew expelled from the new Arabic lands, an Arab left the new Israel under the promise that he/she would be accepted and absorbed into the Arabic countries.  A broken promise; Arabs who remained in Israel fared well, Arabs who ended up in the refugee camps have been political prisoners of the Arab countries for generations.

As humans, within the West European culture, we have a tendency to side with the underdog.  But we must learn to temper this knee-jerk response with thought.

"Our minds should be open, but not so open that our brains fall out."
Israeli right wing. Many Israelis are against all that bullshit but their voices are not heard.

http://www.jewsagainstzionism.com/index.cfm
[deleted]
FYI: Within about 30 seconds of posting this I got this reply in my Inbox:

"Because you're a lie-mongering land stealer??"

Bravo Sir, Bravo.
And then the UN gives the Indians 1/2 of America, but then they start a war, and are supported by Canada and Mexico to take back all of America. After they lose Canada and Mexico split the Indians land and annex it into their own country.
This is why I generally try not to keep a bias when studying history... Our perspective of the process is very much influenced by the ends...
&gt; My only reply was to ask him if he'd give his house to the people that used to be in the local Indian tribes that had been moved off to reservations. Of course, the subject was quickly changed.

The way we have treated our native population has been horrendous.  The way we treated more recently our Black population was also horrendous.  But just because we did things wrong in the past does not justify others doing things that are wrong now.

Also, I find it funny that many Zionists dismiss Palestinian right-of-return while at the same time basing their claim to the land on a long-past historical presence in the area.

Zionists seem to believe that presence in one historical era means you have a right to the land but a presence in a different historical era means nothing.

What type of reasoning is this?  Tails I win, heads you lose?

Why not give everyone in the region equal rights and freedoms whether you are Jewish, Arab, Druze or Christian.  And while you are at it, Israel should enact a proper separation of Church and state like we have in modern Western nations.
America, it's good to talk, but we are not doing anything while our government supports Israel. Shame on us.
not many people hate Jews for being Jewish. But a WHOLE lotta people hate Zionists for being... well, douchebags.
To be fair, Jews against Zionism is actually a religious fringe group who are against Zionism because of their interpretation of religious scripture.  It's like supporting a stopped clock that is only right once a day, there isn't any proper logic behind that group, just more religious nuttiness.

I recommend other sources to read such as Tikkum, J Street, Israel Policy Forum, Philip Weiss, etc...
&gt; A lot of places used to be great until the Jews showed up.

This is straight out racist.

&gt; Maybe if you kill all of your Jews then you can know true freedom.

This is advocacy of murder.

Reported.
Yeah...kicking the Jews out of Spain and Portugal did wonders for their intellectual and commercial development didn't it?

The fact is, the Jews moving from Spain and Portugal to the Netherlands that played a significant part in that country's industrial development.
Crazy thing is, that's more advanced than Afghanistan is TODAY.
Was that a gushing pun?
This was the Ottoman empire, not Palestine, there was no country (with it's own independent government) named Palestine.
According to your argument we should give Palestine back to the Turks
&gt; Reality check: Before Israel, the land was under British control. Before that, it was part of the Ottoman empire. Even in that era, it was heavily Jewish.

Here are some population statistics:

http://www.israelipalestinianprocon.org/populationpalestine.html

Clearly, to say it was "heavily Jewish" in the period prior to late 1930s is a stretch.

&gt; For every Jew expelled from the new Arabic lands, an Arab left the new Israel under the promise that he/she would be accepted and absorbed into the Arabic countries. A broken promise;

I have never heard that before in my life and I know a lot about this topic.  In fact, the Palestinian Exodus from what became Israel preceded the Jewish Exodus from Arab lands.
&gt; do any of those people look Arab to you?

&gt; Besides : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3263/2507818437_336a6a00db.jpg?v=0

&gt; and that picture is clearly of TURKS.

Probably those aren't Turk, but Palestinians.

On Wikipedia, here is an incredibly similar picture of Palestinian Peasants that is fully sourced:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Peasant_Family_of_Ramallah_1900-1910.jpg
Just because someone is wearing a fez doesn't mean he's a Turk. It is an ottoman fashion, however, it remained in many cultures across the levant, as well as egypt.

And yes, many did wear european clothing. Everyone wanted to emulate europeans at the time. In addition, many of the cities (Yafa, haifa, acre, ramallah,etc) were very urban, and had strong colonial presence and influence (from the british.)
Why not self-determination for the people that live there?
&gt; And then the UN gives the Indians 1/2 of America, but then they start a war, and are supported by Canada and Mexico to take back all of America. After they lose Canada and Mexico split the Indians land and annex it into their own country.

Yeah, that's why I support equal rights for Indians and recent immigrant Americans.  Live in one country where we all have voting rights and freedom.  In fact, we should give Indians special status because of the way we have treated them in the past.

Oh wait, that is what we do and it actually works out okay.  Maybe that's something Israel should try -- equal rights and freedoms for all regardless of their religion designation.
Clearly its of no significance to you that the Turks controlled Palestine up until WWI. 

This isn't Egypt tard.

Beside in the context of the article, it's a little disingenous to suggest any of these people are 'native' when there's more reason to think they aren't for obvious reasons.
I have no doubt that family is Arab. 

But its nothing similar to those guys all wearing a fez. That's very, very, Turkish. And Palestine was Ottoman for a long time.
Well, say a thief steals your dad's car. Ten years later, the thief and your dad are both dead. Who does the car belong to now - you or the thief's kid?
Someone has clearly never heard of Ataturk.
So?  People dress differently in different times.  That doesn't mean they are fakes.

Here is a Palestinian Arab Christian wearing a Fez:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khalil_Sakakini

I think your argument is completely "bunk" (to be polite.)
Too bad your post is the pack of falsehoods. The country was known as palestine since the roman era. Under the ottomans it was clearly designated as "palestine", this is backed by tax records and literature from the region. Whether they were under british or turkish rule, it doesn't change history. This is zionist propaganda: "it wasn't called palestine, so it never existed!"

The land was never heavily jewish, what a ludicrious claim. Even after the first waves of immigration late 1800s early 1900s, they only made 5-10% of the population (most immigrants being european). To put this into perspective, it took waves after waves of immigration right up to 1948 for the jews to even form 30% of the population. So much for "heavy" presence.

The jewish expullsion from arab lands was a direct consequence of the formation of israel, and the settling of european jews in palestine. Tragic as it may be, anti-jewish sentiments didn't come out of the blue.

Arab leaders never told palestinians to leave their home. Even Benny Morris (famous israeli historian) has stated that the arab call for leaving palestine isn't true. 

You talk about arabs living in israel (who are 2nd class citizens, though another topic), yet conveniently leave out the rest of the palestinian population living in occupation. Arabs may be oppressing their own, but at least they're not occupying others.
Sure.

It's a big conspiracy.

All those refugees volunteered for the camps for P.R.
The problem is a lot of americans understand history as according to the bible, which is when all is said and done both inaccurate and off by a good 2000 years.

A lot of Americans genuinely believe Palestine always was a Jewish land and those damned Moslems are trying to invade it and take it for themselves.  It makes sense considering the only history they know is as according to the bible.

I saw a chuck norris advert where he was advocating teaching history in schools using the bible as the text book. Of course it makes no sense since even if the bible was flawless it's ancient history, not modern history, and according to ancient history jews lived in Palestine.
I'm glad you can distinguish between the two, since most people who hate Israel cannot.
It certainly was very slick.
Yea, seems like they really ruined [Haifa](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/13/Haifa_Israel_by_David_Shankbone.jpg)*

*I use Haifa because it is the only city that I can attribute to one of those [pictures](http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2327/2506841965_da60c8db8d.jpg?v=0). 

**In my googling, I've discovered [Haifa](http://www.bloggingbeirut.com/images/jan07/haifa3.jpg) is also a smokin hot singer from Lebanon.
From today's editorial in the Economist - I'm in complete agreement with this viewpoint

http://www.economist.com/opinion/displaystory.cfm?story_id=11332366

&gt; To say that Israel should never have been created and must be dissolved is not only utterly unrealistic; it is also to propose correcting one injustice by perpetrating another.



&gt; And yet this remains Hamas's formal position. True, its leaders hint that if Israel gave up all the territory conquered in 1967 it would earn a long-term truce, which just might one day become permanent. But that hinted future possibility is not a wager Israelis are likely to take. Meanwhile, the longer Hamas claims to reject the very idea of Israel's permanence, the easier it is for Israel to dig into the West Bank and the harder it is for America to believe in, let alone press for, a breakthrough to peace. The Hamas retort is that Yasser Arafat's Oslo talks achieved little for the Palestinians. Wars got them less.
The wearing of the fez was widespread in the Ottoman empire. Non-turks often wore it, especially civil servants and those in the military.

You would have seen it anywhere from Moghul India to Morocco.

Not doubting your doubt, but there's isn't sufficient reason to say that "x" is likely to be a Turk because they're wearing a fez.
Wow - though a picture says a thousand words, those crappy images somehow managed to eek out perhaps a hundred between the lot of them. Way to raise my expectations, creep.
You confuse me. The fez is a fashion that came from the ottomans. The ottomans ruled over palestine, the rest of the levant, and egypt till some point. The fashion stayed because it's part of the region's culture. So indians who wore suits and ties weren't really indians, but british in disguise?

EVERYONE WORE A FEZ!
&gt;do any of those people look Arab to you?

There are naturally light skinned, blond haired, blue eyed Arabs- Syrians for example are known for their light complexion.  While there is a stereotypical idea of what an Arab should look like, plenty don't conform.
&gt;the harder it is for America to believe in, let alone press for, a breakthrough to peace. 

I find that hard to belive. If the US excerted just a tiny amount of pressure, you'd have peace tomorow morning.
wow palastine was all in black and white.
Hopefully none of this comes as any kind of surprise to most redditors.
Are those ethic palestinians in the pics? Or Jordanians, Syrians, Christians!

I saw that pic of the priest with the pimp chain.
There's no point in arguing with these people. They know they're wrong, they just like to divert attention from real issues. 

There's like 10 initial responses on this page with the "it was Ottoman territory, so palestinians never existed" mantra. I don't know what they're out to achieve quite honestly.
Exactly, they aren't Gulf Arabs, they are Mediterranean Arabs.
well Palestinians did actually have a country under the UN mandate created Israel (land whose majority were jews) and Palestine (the land with the majority of Palestinians). Until Jordan and Egypt decided that they didn't want Palestine to become a country any more then they wanted Israel to become a country. 

While Israel supports universal suffrage for all citizens. The problem is that the territory of Palestine isn't really part of Israel, but kind of is. Sort of like how Puerto Rico is to the US, only more violent and complicated.
&gt; While Israel supports universal suffrage for all citizens.

And accepts anyone as a citizen who can prove they are Jewish whether or not they have ever lived in the area, but rejects immigrants if they are not Jewish including Palestinians who used to live there and fled in 1948.

&gt; The problem is that the territory of Palestine isn't really part of Israel, but kind of is. Sort of like how Puerto Rico is to the US, only more violent and complicated.

It doesn't just deny suffrage to those in the territories, suffrage is allocated based on religion.  Jewish settlers in the territories have suffrage in Israel but non-Jewish Palestinians don't.  That's apartheid.

http://www.pbs.org/newshour/indepth_coverage/middle_east/conflict/keyplayers/keyplayer5.html
5 years
[deleted]
&gt;look kind of happy.

Yeah, you won't find that these days. I wonder why...
meant to put "claims universal suffrage for all citizens." my bad. 

second, like I said, more complicated and violent. The point was that they allow some self autonomy of Palestine but they still control a huge part of their government.

Now if you want my personal opinion, I think they should just say West bank, Gaza strip you're now you're own country, go nuts. But as we all know that would severely piss off lots and lots of people.
You have to read up on your history:

http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/pages/ShArt.jhtml?itemNo=380986&amp;contrassID=2
These pictures need dates and explanations. For instance- I definitely recall watching an early work of Zionist propaganda that actually showed the construction of the scene in the first picture. Also, it must be added- throw billions of dollars at any dessert and you can turn it into paradise.
That's not from "today's" Economist. That article was printed almost two weeks ago.
&gt;You really have no clue.

It's sweet of you to be nice, but just go ahead and say it: ignorant.
"when was Israel ever held accountable in front of a court of law when it comes to stealing lands and properties."
But...but..but they are the same!?
&gt; Now if you want my personal opinion, I think they should just say West bank, Gaza strip you're now you're own country, go nuts. But as we all know that would severely piss off lots and lots of people.

If the settler issue in the West Bank could be resolved, and Israel were to allow for a UN armed force to act as peace keepers and Jerusalem was placed under a three-way administration of Palestinians-Israelis and the UN and was the capital of Israel and Palestine and there was a symbolic return of a few refugees to Israel and there was some international and/or Israeli compensation to Palestinian refugees who do not return to their homes in Israel, and violent militant Palestinian groups could be reigned in then you have the general outline of what many mainstream individuals think will be the final status agreement.

But the trust is the major issue.  Settlers and occupation on one side, and undirected violence on the other.
I don't think you would like the photographs taken of Americans 100 years ago, either.  You would see mostly dilapedated-looking buildings and some people who look kind of happy.
What is wrong with you?
I try to tell myself it's just qrswave(who mysteriously didn't submit this) but this jew-bashing wakeupfromyourslumber.com keeps getting its hate filled crap on the frontpage.
So you're saying the Israelites (Jews) are native to Palestine?  Their land was stolen hundreds of years ago.
After the fall of the communism they gave back shit confiscated in 1945/1948. In Russia was confiscated in the early twenties.
The thief's kid...as much as the other kid might cry and moan about it, the fact remains that the thief's kid is driving around in a nice classic muscle car and the crybaby just has his thumb up his ass and there's nothing he can do about it.
Beirut too, they used to call it the Paris of the Middle East.
You know what, I think i'll take that whole sentence out all together. :)
You've never been to a reservation, have you?

...Shoot, neither have I &gt;_&gt; But I hear it's rough. "Special status" my ass.
This "guy" (straw-man) seems like quite a push-over.  I guess I don't understand your point.  When you say "Palestinian" are you referring to Jewish Palestinians or Arab Palestinians?  Are you trying to say that Arab Palestinians should not have the right to return to Israel?  Because your argument cuts both ways.
Am i missing something? it looks like ohio...
I know what you're saying but oil in the middle east (Babylon) was discoverd in 5000 BC. Or something.
Judeea was a Roman territory. Palestine belongs to the inhabitants of Rome, Italy.
They stole that land from the Canaanites.
&gt;FYI: Within about 30 seconds of posting this...

What are you a woman?
[deleted]
What he means is that they have no Palestinian identity in those pictures.
And who were the Canaanites exactly?  Were the Israelites themselves Canaanites? Furthermore this leaves the original question unanswered:  Who are the "natives" of Palestine? Who has a "right" to the land?

Edit: Hmm... I think I only asked questions.  Do the downvoters care to explain?
What is wrong with you?
still is.
Surely you understand, sense, that the first part of his statement is true, even if the second part, as you point out, is false.
Maybe if they used the money from the casinos to improve more of the reservation than just the casino, it wouldn't be so bad.
They're most likely christian palestinians, could be syrians since they're very similiar. Jordanians i doubt, since most of them were bediouns living in tents, rather than peasants in villages.
&gt; But just because we did things wrong in the past does not justify others doing things that are wrong now.

How long does it take for "now" to become "the past"? It hasn't been their land for 60 years, obviously that's still "now", so what is it? 100? 150? Frankly framing it like that just plays into Israel's hands, turning it into a sort of waiting game where they only have to hold on to the status quo to win eventually.
Is a joke of a website.
"I don't know about beautiful, it's just some pictures of some old dilapidated-looking buildings and some people who look kind of happy."
These people are no longer happy, and these buildings were bulldozed to make space for settlements...
It belongs to the Philistines.
Give Iraq back to the Jews!  I thought the Gazans were Eqyptians?
Haifa, how I miss thee!

No, seriously, I'm gearing things up so I can spend my junior year of college in Haifa.  I fucking love that place.
Because everyone insists on looking SuperUltraMegaHappy for the camera while they pose with their six friends and that cute guy they found walking around while they were all drunk and going to this awesome party?
Pssst... what do you mean by "settlements"?  There were no "settlements" in Haifa.  You can't "settle" an established city.
&gt;I even had one guy ask me "how many generations have to live somewhere before they are considered native?"

&gt;My only reply was to ask him if he'd give his house to the people that used to be in the local Indian tribes that had been moved off to reservations. Of course, the subject was quickly changed.

For the record, YES.  Yes, I am willing to give up any land I own in America (which is, at this point, none) to any Native American person or tribe who can demonstrate a historically legitimate claim to ownership of that land.

In return, I expect the right of my people to own *our* homeland in Israel.

Also, the guy who asked you that question may have been me.  I'm a Serially Reincarnating Redditor.
I think you're looking for the thread about the guy posing with the money.
&gt;And accepts anyone as a citizen who can prove they are Jewish whether or not they have ever lived in the area, but rejects immigrants if they are not Jewish including Palestinians who used to live there and fled in 1948.

Actually, there is an Israeli immigration process for non-Jews.  It involves the same thing as immigrating to any other country your native country has no special immigration deals with (special deals include the EU or British Commonwealth type systems): demonstrating that allowing you to immigrate will benefit the country.

For example, a few American, Gentile athletes were allowed to immigrate to Israel to start the Israeli Baseball League.  I'm fairly sure that Israel is perfectly willing to import professional talent where need be, as well, especially given that the people who run Intel, Google, and other companies that have opened Israeli branches generally aren't Jewish and have no interest in letting Jews in particular run a branch of their company.
Well, there's also the fact that:

1) Jerusalem honestly isn't a large enough city to split.  I mean it, I've been there.

2) Jerusalem is the largest city and largest metro area in Israel.  This may seem to contradict #1, but cities in Israel just don't get that large by absolute standards.

So I think we can say that Jerusalem is probably going to stay in Jewish hands.  Besides, it's not actually that important a holy city in Islam anyways, not nearly as important as Mecca or Medina, whereas it's basically the religious and even ancient political capital of Judaism.

Secondly, the West Bank is in rocket range of both Jerusalem and Tel-Aviv.  Unilaterally withdrawing from the West Bank would place Israel's two largest cities within attack range of a territory about to be taken over by Hamas during a victory riot (as in Hamas interprets anything Israel does to free Palestine or Palestinians as a victory for their jihad).
Too true.

How many people have the jews killed in palestine since they arrived?
&gt; They're descendants of Abraham of Ur and his followers, who came from Sumeria.

Other than the Bible, which grants the Jews the Land of Israel by divine right, do you have any source for this?  Because the archaeology I've seen basically shows that the people who now call themselves "Jews", "Israelites", or "the People of Israel" were essentially just a bunch of Canaanites who developed a monotheistic religion that they imposed to unify the area of Canaan into a single political unit.  This explains the disappearance of the Canaanites (they started calling themselves something different and had a new language and religion imposed on them by the central authority), the 12 Tribes of Israel (older Canaanite tribes with new names), and it makes a hell of a lot more sense than some account about a sojourning Sumerian that we have no archaeological evidence for.

It also explains why the Kingdom of Israel fractured so quickly: the multiple tribes couldn't stand each other, so they broke into multiple units as soon as the central authority in Jerusalem weakened even a little.
&gt;So I think we can say that Jerusalem is probably going to stay in Jewish hands

That should not be allowed to happen. It doesn't belong to them. It's illegally gained land. They can not be allowed to keep it.

Just like a thief is not allowed to keep all the stuff they stole no matter how long they held on to it.
&gt;Zionists seem to believe that presence in one historical era means you have a right to the land but a presence in a different historical era means nothing.

It's not about when you got the land; it's about *how* you got it.  Arabs took it by force from the dying Byzantine Empire.  The Jews were natives, the first kingdom to unify all of Canaan and spread their culture throughout it.
Because you kill people and steal their land.

Either that or you support your fellow jews who kill people and steal their land.

Either that or you act as an apologist for them.

Either that or you fail to condemn them.
To be historically informative...

&gt; Were the Israelites themselves Canaanites?

Most archaeology I've seen points to *YES*.  Contrary to our own (I'm Jewish) accounts based in religion, we were essentially just the first Canaanite tribe to rule the entire region.  The monotheistic religion was concocted as a way to make sure that all the other tribes worshipped *our* God, and the whole "Twelve Tribes" thing was retcon'd in as a way to say that the different groups of "Israelites" could marry one another.

I'm actually significantly more religious than this all implies, but I get extremely tired of people claiming us Jews are foreign invaders from Egypt or Sumeria with "historical" accounts based solely on the Bible -- the book that tells us God gave us that land.  Either God gave it to us, or we're the pagan natives with a newer name and a new unifying religion.  Pick which history you believe and keep to it.
Actually, the ones labeled Haifa are most definitely from Haifa.  I've been there, and it looks mostly like that today, but with industry and technology.

The terraced gardens are fucking beautiful, truly something to make sure you see before you die.
What a fantastic piece of apologist propaganda.
Ohio with a bright, hot sun and the greatest sea in the world.  And a much healthier diet than anyone in Ohio eats.

I say "greatest sea in the world" because I was on a Mediterranean beach in Israel in January and the water was warmer than the Atlantic on the American East Cast ever gets in *July*.  Also, it's very picturesque.
&gt; The country was known as palestine since the roman era.

Do you know why?  Because after the Romans put down the Jewish uprising at Masada in *Judea*, they deliberately renamed the whole place "Filistina" after the Philistines who lived to the north, in what we now call Lebanon, who had historically been great enemies of the Jews.  *The creation of the name Palestine was a deliberate attempt by the Romans to erase Jewish heritage from the area*.
Jews Against Zionism aren't exactly representative of the Jewish or Israeli left-wing.

Hell, most people in the Israeli left-wing are still basically Zionists.  They just don't interpret the core ideal of Zionism (Jewish state in Eretz Yisrael == GOOD) to mean "be an asshole to Arabs".
Actually, the Philistines lived in Lebanon.  The Romans renamed Judea and the all of the former Israel "Filistina" as a deliberate attempt to cover up the Jewish heritage in the area after putting down the Jewish revolt at Masada.
They'll never admit it, but a lot of Redditors cross the line from anti-Zionist to anti-Semitic.  These are almost never the same ones who hold reasonable conversations or debates on the subject of the Israeli-Arab Conflict, they're the ones who claim to be censored for their "anti-Semitism" by "Megaphoners" or "Zionazis" before anyone else has even posted a comment on the article and somehow still reach +10 mod points.
Never been to Maui, eh?
Very funny - most of the pictures are from Haifa, city that was build almost from zero by British :)
The idea that if Israel stopped fighting, there would quickly be peace is a bit naive.
&gt; Most archaeology I've seen points to *YES*.

I agree.  I was hoping that mutatron and those that agree with his statement would just reflect on what he said.

&gt;I get extremely tired of people claiming us Jews are foreign invaders from Egypt or Sumeria with "historical" accounts based solely on the Bible

I don't think Jews are foreign invaders.  The evidence (not biblical, say archaeological) suggests that the Jews are somehow "native" to the land.  Furthermore I fully support Israel and not just for these reasons.
History has shown us that although occupying powers may initially win their prize, they rarely get to keep it.
Say thanks to Arafat and his friends. Anyway most of the Arabs consider Palestinians as a cancer of Middle East.
Hello again, malcontent.  I could debate you, but I have a life.  You've shown yourself utterly impervious to any logical argument from a Zionist perspective over my years on this site (serial reincarnation due to loss of passwords), but rest assured that I've tried and tried again.

So rather than debate you, I advise readers to simply read malcontent's comment histories relating to the Israeli-Arab Conflict.  You, dear readers, will find that malcontent takes the Arab side on every single little detail, despite being a white American and even when his arguments would apply equally to the Jews.

&gt;Just like a thief is not allowed to keep all the stuff they stole no matter how long they held on to it.

For example, this argument easily leads to the conclusion that Jews, as the natives and owners of the land, should be allowed to keep it.  Malcontent will attempt to refute this proposition by invoking the easily and thoroughly debunked theory that "modern Jews" (by which he actually means Ashkenazi Jews, who only form 20% of the Israeli Jewish population anyway) are not descended from ancient Jews.  I have seen the genetic evidence to the contrary myself.

Malcontent will then attempt to claim that Palestinian Arabs carry blood of the ancient Canaanites in them, and that they are therefore the rightful natives, having been "illegally occupied" by Biblical Israel in ancient days.  This is plainly unprovable and untestable; the blood of the ancient Canaanites is so diluted in modern peoples that it's possible for anyone and everyone to carry it while nobody in particular can claim to be its heirs.  Besides, if you don't believe in the Bible's story of Jewish acquisition of Israel as being by divine right, archaeological evidence points to the ancient Jews having been a Canaanite group themselves (see my other posts to this effect further down the page).

In conclusion, malcontent eats up anything and everything that justifies his view that Palestinians are utterly and 100% In The Right and justified in anything they do, whether or not it has the support of scientific or historical fact.
Its just the broken shell of a better joke actually.
Only if they're using large format film.
Yep.

http://www.krysstal.com/democracy_whyusa03.html
A list of UN Resolutions vetoed by the U.S.

I see "Israel" come up PLENTY.
Not *yet*.
I saw great poster from 30 - jewish land worker and the title - help him build the Palestine :)
Romans called this land palestine - it had nothing to do with current day "Palestinians"
i've read some book that tries to correlate biblical content to archaeological evidences and stuff like that. it said that origin of Jews in Ur is quite realistic -- some biblical content resemble Ur myths a lot. also, Jews were a nomadic tribe, so they could be wandering around..
&gt;I agree. I was hoping that mutatron and those that agree with his statement would just reflect on what he said.

Good luck.  This is Reddit.  Trying to claim that Jews are natives of Israel and have some right to an independent state there on this site is like driving into Boston with a Stars-And-Bars flying from your gas-guzzling SUV: people *may* tolerate you, but nobody will listen to any actual *reasons* you might have for your actions.  They'll just assume you're a jackass.

My basic point in the whole post was to try to demonstrate that you can't construct a legitimate historical theory in which the Jews have no links to the Land of Israel.  Real history doesn't allow people to take Manichean positions in which one side of a conflict is Good and the other one Evil.  I'm as pro-Zionist as you get without voting Likud, but I still have to acknowledge that as a matter of historical fact some horrible, shitty stuff has been done to the Palestinian Arabs, partly because some of us Jews were assholes to them, partly because they lived in the wrong place at the wrong time, and partly because their "fellow" Arab nations have used them as pawns to incite hatred of Jews -- guaranteeing generation after generation that a Palestinian refugee lives in misery, poverty and ignorance so that what began as the latest Two-Minutes Hate of a randomized mid-twentieth-century, newly-freed-colony dictatorship can go on and on forever.

It's sad, really.  The more I learn about Arab and Islamic culture, the more I realize that our two peoples started out pretty much exactly the same and, almost by coincidence, took two separate paths through history.

This is why I firmly support a Palestinian state: in the West Bank and Gaza if possible, and in Jordan if necessary.
a year and a day
&gt;You've shown yourself utterly impervious to any logical argument from a Zionist perspective over my years on this site (serial reincarnation due to loss of passwords), but rest assured that I've tried and tried again.

That's because I see zionism as a vile ideology. I am sure I have told you and all your sock puppets the same thing.

As for the rest you must have me confused with somebody else.

I am the one always claiming jews are not a race and that Palestinians are semites.


The jewish genetic identity movement is one of the more goofy ofshoots of jewish supremacist movement.
&gt;...eek out...

Eek, I think you mean "[eke](http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/eke)".
&gt;throw billions of dollars at any dessert and you can turn it into paradise.

I can turn my icecream into paradise by throwing money at it?  Cool!
&gt;The jewish genetic identity movement is one of the more goofy ofshoots of jewish supremacist movement.

There is no Jewish genetic identity movement.  We've always known where we come from, and we never had to prove it to anyone until people like you popped up trying to deny our roots.  The fact that Palestinians *are* Semites is not even under dispute -- it is self-evident, but I've heard from you multiple times the claim that Jews are not Semites.  This is why I related the story of the genetic testing, which does in fact prove that Jews are a Semitic people whose roots trace back to the Levant and particularly Eretz Yisrael.
What a load of utter bullshit. Few tribes actually have casinos, and the few that do try to snuff out any competition from other tribes keeping them in poverty. Casinos are one of the few ways these tribes make any money, they are not being greedy keeping it away from the people. The people have way bigger problems than you acknowledge.
&gt; Secondly, the West Bank is in rocket range of both Jerusalem and Tel-Aviv. Unilaterally withdrawing from the West Bank would place Israel's two largest cities within attack range of a territory about to be taken over by Hamas during a victory riot (as in Hamas interprets anything Israel does to free Palestine or Palestinians as a victory for their jihad).

I'm getting so sick of this. Using Hamas as an excuse for continuing the occupation. And what was it *before* Hamas came to power? It's always something, but the conclusion is always the same.

Look, some Israelis really want the land. Other Israelis don't want to pick a fight with these Israelis for political reasons. The status quo wins, Hamas or no Hamas. 

[Israel deliberately supported Hamas to create an enemy with which it would not be forced to negotiate](http://www.upi.com/International_Intelligence/Analysis/2002/06/18/analysis_hamas_history_tied_to_israel/8272/). Israel is Hamas' godfather. Israel helped create Hamas.
The problem is that the territory of Israel is Palestine. But Zionist can close their eyes and say, like Golda Meir, that "they did not exist". Nazionists at their best. A racist state with different laws for the ones with at least "a jewish grandfather" and the "non-jewish" people.
Nazi!
&gt; Arabs took it by force from the dying Byzantine Empire. 

No, not the Byzantine Empire, you ignoramus. The Arabs inherited it from the defeated *Ottoman* empire. After WWII, the peoples of the defeated empires were granted self-determination, except for the Arabs.  They were kept under the thumb of the Brits and French, who gave away the land under their feet to another.

&gt; The Jews were natives, the first kingdom to unify all of Canaan and spread their culture throughout it.

Canaan? Like the 'Land of the Canaanites' killed by the Israelites, if you believe the bible?  Or how about the Jebusites, also slaughtered by the Israelites?  Do you *really* want to go back to the real natives?

Now if you *don't* believe the bible, and instead believe genetic evidence, *both* the Jews and Pals are from the region.
&gt;There is no Jewish genetic identity movement. We've always known where we come from, and we never had to prove it to anyone until people like you popped up trying to deny our roots.

LOL. Listen to yourself.

Jewish is a religion. You guys crack me up pretending somehow that sammy davis jr, bibi netanyahu, a jew from japan, a jew from poland and a jew from russia are all the same race and all belong to the same ethnicity.


&gt;it is self-evident, but I've heard from you multiple times the claim that Jews are not Semites.


Yes. That too is not under dispute. Tell me how a tenth generation russian is a semite.


&gt;This is why I related the story of the genetic testing, which does in fact prove that Jews are a Semitic people whose roots trace back to the Levant and particularly Eretz Yisrael.

There you go again.....

You realize how silly your supremacist posts sound?
I don't know where you're from. I live in oregon, where gambling establishments are illegal (with exception to the state-run facilities).

Here is a list of the tribes in oregon:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Indian_reservations_in_Oregon

If you click on all the available ones, and dig deep enough (you may have to look at the tribe information as opposed to just the reservation information), you will notice that:

each

and every

one of them

has a fucking casino.

Please have a tall glass of shut the fuck up and have a nice day.
&gt; Surely you understand, sense, that the first part of his statement is true

It isn't. 600,000 acres were purchased, about 9% of the land area of pre-1967 Israel.
"it is also to propose correcting one injustice by perpetrating another."   -  
I take it you don't believe in prisons, fines or any sort of punishment at all then - a viewpoint I agree with, although I have to accept it is unrealistic
&gt;&gt;Were the Israelites themselves Canaanites?

&gt;Most archaeology I've seen points to YES. Contrary to our own (I'm Jewish) accounts based in religion, we were essentially just the first Canaanite tribe to rule the entire region. 

But  genetic evidence suggests that the Palestinians and Jews are genetically close. In other words, *both* are native to the land. Historical accounts suggest that Pals are Arabized Levant-ites.
&gt; Now if you want my personal opinion, I think they should just say West bank, Gaza strip you're now you're own country, go nuts. But as we all know that would severely piss off lots and lots of people.

Now tell us, pillage, *whom* would this piss off?
&gt; For the record, YES. Yes, I am willing to give up any land I own in America (which is, at this point, none) to any Native American person or tribe who can demonstrate a historically legitimate claim to ownership of that land.

&gt;In return, I expect the right of my people to own our homeland in Israel.

Ah, but are you willing to see all Jews expelled from, say,  Europe (nations to which they are not 'native'), in return for this right?  Just asking, hypothetically.
[deleted]
Unicorns
&gt; True, its leaders hint that if Israel gave up all the territory conquered in 1967 it would earn a long-term truce, which just might one day become permanent. But that hinted future possibility is not a wager Israelis are likely to take.

Yes, but the Israelis are unwilling to give up the W.Bank under even more generous terms.  The underlying truth is that, Hamas or no Hamas, giving up the W.Bank would cause a huge political rift in Israel.

So why weren't the Israelis itching to give up the W.Bank *before* Hamas took Gaza?  It's always something, but at the root, they just want a nice piece of land.

Look, the Israelis could just announce *Guys, we'll give you the W.Bank, if you recognize our right to exist within the 1967 borders [1].*  Have the Israelis announced this? Hell no!

[1] modulo small adjustments
Is it difficult to contradict yourself using so few words?
The original post was:

&gt; Israelies bought the land off of the Palestinians, not kick them out.

I'm just pointing out that this claim (and your defense of it) is 91% false and only 9% true, because only 9% of the land was purchased. The amount purchased was a small fraction of the total land.

Is that so *terribly* difficult to comprehend? Should I type slower?
I like how you say these things and than go on saying your not anti-semitic. Interesting. Don't say what I do and don't do you piece of shit. I could say because your white that you, enslave blacks, kill Jews, exploit Hispanics, but I don't. You know why? Because I don't assign political beliefs to ethnic groups. Fuck you.
Thank you, great page.

What pisses me off is when Israel uses UN against its enemies and chastises them for not abiding UN resolutions
Agreed.  You're preaching to the choir, amigo.  Reddit seems to be one place where radical anti-Zionism has taken root.  I stick around here in order to at least remind people what Zionism is and that it is and has been a worthy ideal.
I think he suffers from a un-healthy skepticism of outlandish and revisionistic claims, easily curable with a healthy dose of media propaganda.
Ah good, so you admit that you were wrong.  The Israelis (Jewish Palestinians) did buy land from the Arab Palestinians.  They kicked them out as well.  They did both.  Is that so *terribly* difficult to comprehend? Should I type slower?

Edit:  You claimed that the statement "Israelis bought land off of the Palestinians", i.e., the first part of the Bored's post, was untrue.  I am glad to see you admit that it is true.  We are not dealing with fuzzy logic here.  Either the statement is true or it is not.  As you say, "91% false", is a moronic statement to make in this context.
&gt; Ah good, so you admit that you were wrong. The Israelis (Jewish Palestinians) did buy land from the Arab Palestinians. 

No, I don't admit it, you cretin.

The original claim was:

&gt; Israelies bought **the** land off of the Palestinians, not kick them out.

They bought *some* land, a small amount. If you have any comprehension of the English definite article, you will realize that 'the' is far more encompassing than is admitted by the facts.  They bought *some* land: 9%.  *Some land* is not synonymous with *the land* unless you suffer from congenital imbecilism.

edit:

You wrote:

&gt; You claimed that the statement "Israelis bought land off of the Palestinians", i.e., the first part of the Bored's post, was untrue.

No, you idiot.  How many times do I have to explain this? Can't you be a *little bit* honest?  Can't you *honestly* quote the [post I was referring to](http://reddit.com/info/6k5uo/comments/c042vbv)?

I am saying that the erroneous statement is *Israelies bought **the** land off of the Palestinians, not kick them out.*  **The**, you cretin, **the**.

Do you not see the profound change that the definite article "the" makes to the meaning of the sentence?
what a pity they are all black and white, I mean pictures of course :&gt; anyway, I like to view old photographs.
All those smiles are totally 'shopped.
It's how much you can pay in somewhere that can determine if you're a native.
&gt; No, I don't admit it, you cretin.

Good.  You admit you are losing this argument.  These words need not come into play otherwise.

You have already admitted you were incorrect and in fact even contradicted yourself in a mere two sentences, which is amazing even by reddit standards!  You say it is false that Israelis bought "the land" (whatever land Bored was referring to), yet in the next sentence, you say they bought 600,000 acres of the land.

&gt; They bought some land, a small amount.

What was "the land" that Bored was referring to?  Any of the land that the Jewish Palestinians bought is as good an interpretation of "the land" as any other lands since Bored did not specify what "the land" is.  Bored did not say the Israelis (Jewish Palestinians) purchased all of the land of Israel and if he had I would have vehemently disagreed with him, given that I know a thing or two about the history.  But this is not what Bored said.

You would not disagree if the first part of Bored's statement had been "Israelies bought land off of the Palestinians" because you have already admitted that this is the case (rather than his actual statement "Israelies bought the land off of the Palestinians").  Due to this fact you are no more than a whining, pedantic, juvenile troll.
[deleted]
&gt; You admit you are losing this argument. 

Fuck off.  I'll call a spade a spade, and a cretin a cretin. But I'll always back up my arguments. 

&gt; What was "the land" that Bored was referring to?

Oh, for Christ's/Abraham's/Mohammed's sake, 'the land' refers to the land of Palestine/Israel in the context of the sentence. What else would "the land" mean in the context of a two line post? What else?
 C'mon, what does the definite article mean in this case?


Don't start playing cutesy naive now.

&gt; You would not disagree if the first part of Bored's statement had been "Israelies bought land off of the Palestinians"

I would have pointed out that the amount of land was 9%. I would have clarified, and accused Bored of dishonesty by omission.  But the use of the definite article with its clear implications is a tenth of a step from outright lying.

Your cutesy pseudo-naive legalistic arguments might work in some circles, but not with grownups.  So grow up.
The olive tree fields were gorgeous.

Then came ben gurion and his band of ashkenazi thugs, financed by the USA to mass murder millions of arabs in the ultimate ironic response to hitler.

There is no visible difference between hitler's germany and Israeli-Nazi occupied palestine now.
they were't jews. they were ashkenazi.

A real jew doesn't participate in such violent acts of nazi-style brutality.
more arabs were slaughtered by Israelis than jews were killed in the holocaust.
great press agent those Israelis have eh?
This includes people butchered in the surrounding territories as Israelis continually hunted down the indigineous people of the land they stole.
When will you realize that Israel is here to stay?

Israel has a population of almost 7 million (larger than Ireland and Norway), has a GDP of $20,000 PA, will become a full member of the OEDC in 2009, and has the strongest army on the middle east and one of the strongest in the world.

Israel was created as the homeland of the Jewish people, and it's army and the vast majority of its citizens will defend it to the death. We have no other choice, as the Holocaust showed.

So put aside your asinine projections that we will "give back" ANY territory included in the pre-1967 international border. The rest is open to negotiation, except Jerusalem. 

The Palestinians can keep their faded pictures of a bygone era, and can mope about it all they want. I too have pictures of happy family picnics taken near Bialystok (Poland), taken before everyone was taken away to extermination. That does not mean I have any intention of returning there, ever.
That can be decided by the judge. But who had the power to judge over the ownership of Israel? The UN and US did, and the case was closed 60 years ago.
back up history re-writer.
Palestine was NINETY PERCENT ARAB before the ashkenazi invasion and the illegal formation of Israel.
Also of note- Ashkenazis have no lineage to abraham whatsoever, and no biblical claim to the land.
Also of note- you must follow hassidic law first, and the claim to israel dead last-you can't take israel by force under jewish law.

So it is especially Ironic that fake jews with no lineage to jewish ancestors took palestine by violence and mass murder, and then set up an exact replica of Hitler's Nazi Germany, all the way down to the concentration camps, checkpoints, walled neighborhoods and propaganda machine.
sick shit.
they will all die for this.
This may be true in Oregon, in Cali it's not.

California GDP = Oregon GDP * 13
Propositions 94-97 on the ballot this June are actually power plays by four big tribes to essentially try to disenfranchise the smaller tribes. (4 tribes screwing the other 104.) The competition between many casinos is cut throat, and analysis of their profits has shown that they barely make change after operational costs prior to the current slow down in the economy. I don't think it's just as easy as saying they are being greedy or lazy. There are much more powerful factors at play, and the spread between profits and political clout of tribes is wide.
I think we can safely say every israeli will be dead in the next 50 years if they don't leave the area.
There are more muslims than any other religion, and israel is the size of new jersey.
their war crimes are a final act of desperation from a bunch of psychos that don't realize they  are digging their own graves with their actions.
USA would be wise to step back and let justice take it's course, or get caught in the crossfire and lose too.
I think you should tone down on the crack.
Yeah- and if they stole your land- you are not allowed to return- that describes over a million people and many million more if you count their descendants- you left that part out dumbass.
Israelis are the masters at writing false history- and americans are the masters at being stupid and lazy enough to take it verbatim as the truth, when the opposite is obviously true from multiple historical sources.
[deleted]
this shows it graphically-
http://www.mapsofwar.com/ind/imperial-history.html
&gt; I'm getting so sick of this. Using Hamas as an excuse for continuing the occupation. And what was it before Hamas came to power? It's always something, but the conclusion is always the same.

Before Hamas was Fatah, and before that the Fedayun, going back to before 1963 (i.e., before the occupation). It's always something...
Responding to your edit:

&gt;No, you idiot.

&gt;you cretin

Again, the hobgoblin of small minds appears.

Bored said:

&gt;Israelies bought the land off of the Palestinians, not kick them out.

I said:

&gt;Surely you understand, sense, that the first part of his statement is true

You said:

&gt;It isn't.

The disagreement seems to be what Bored meant by "the land".  While I interpret it to mean the land the Jews bought from the Arabs, you interpret it to mean all of Israel pre-1967 apparently.  There are many ways to interpret the statement "the land", e.g., all of Palestine? all of the land with a Jewish majority in 1948? etc..  You have chosen what makes sense to you and there are many other ways to interpret that phrase that are sensible as well.

I have honestly quoted you through and through on this fact so I am unsure as to what your complaint is.  The OP you link to was clearly not the post you were referring to and makes no mention of any land.  Perhaps if you took the time to read and understand people's positions you would not be such an angry fellow and you would be able to engage in real conversation without resorting to childish name-calling.
PICS? what PICS? all I see is propaganda.
it was arab land for many, many, many centuries. Also- the biblical claim to Israel is for descendants of abraham only, and not to be taken by force.

They lose on all counts!!!
please read up on the Ashkenazi fake jews- those are the ones that invaded palestine and set up the fake state of israel illegally and completely against judaic law.
if you are an occupying force in land that is stolen- the answer is never.
yes it does.
If someone invades your homeland and slaughters your friends and family to steal their land- everything you do to them is fair.
Israelis- doomed to die for their war crimes.
word.
you.- inheritance of assets.
The fact that they bought 9% of the land doesn't mean that the other 91% was owned by arabs. It didn't "belong" to anyone. 

Even today, the vast majority of territory in Israel (and indeed most other countries), is not held in private hands.
&gt;What else would "the land" mean in the context of a two line post? What else? C'mon, what does the definite article mean in this case?

I have stated what I believe it refers to and many other possible meanings of "the land" in [my previous post](http://reddit.com/info/6k5uo/comments/c042ysk).

The fact of the matter is that the Jews both bought land and took land.  You want to argue pedantry: "**The**, you cretin, **the**", and furthermore, you want to do it in the least clever possible way...
yes, because they were forcibly displaced by the ashkenazi invaders, and forcibly restricted from returning. they are the true natives of palestine- not these confused psychos that are re-enacting the nazi holocaust with arab victims.
Time to get downmodded into oblivion...
Absolutely. A good point that I think you should make to [anonymous-coward](http://reddit.com/user/anonymous-coward/).
negative. you need to read up on your history, son.
basically it is over 1,300 years of arab occupation compared to about 79 years of jewish rule before the stretch of 1,300 years of arab occupation followed by 60 years of USA funded illegal occupation of palestine, using american weapons, tanks and planes.
btw- THAT's why they hate us.
Not because of our "freedoms".
http://www.mapsofwar.com/ind/imperial-history.html

http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/vie/Jerusalem1.html
From:
http://www.biblebelievers.org.au/edomites.htm

Owing to the intermarriage of their forefathers with Canaanites, there were probably few Israelites without Phoenician, that is, Serpent's seed blood in their veins. Judges 3:5-6, "The children of Israel dwelt among the Canaanites, Hittites, and Amorites, and Perizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites: and they took their daughters to be their wives, and gave their daughters to their sons, and served their gods". The Jews claimed to be the children of Abraham however that they were not true children of Abraham is certain when they say that they were never in bondage (John 8:32-33). 
....
Canaanite, Khazar and Edomite are all names that accurately refer to the majority of people who call themselves "Jews." The name Jew originally meant a resident of Judea regardless of religion or race, and has long since lost any association with a true Judahite. Jesus made this clear in Revelation 2:9, "I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews, and are not but are a synagogue of Satan." And 3:9, "I will make those of the synagogue of Satan, who say they are Jews and are not, but lie; indeed I will make them to come and worship before your feet, and to know that I have loved you".
sure- the biblical claim to Israel is only for the tribes of Israel descended from abraham.. and has nothing to do with the current ashkenazi fake jew invasion of palestine.

Jews are to wander the earth for their sins against god, and when they all turn back to god, he will grant them Israel.. not by force..
jews are not native to any nation.
Hence the term wandering jew...
the first page of reddit? really?
russia, britain, and the usa can be thanked for afghanistan's current state.
they have never left them alone, continually attacking them for greed.
they are both semitic. hence the similarity.
hence the irony when a dumb idiot says you are anti semitic for supporting the very real arab claim to palestine.
you simply cannot win as a foreign occupier  against a popular indigineous guerrila resistance.
a hard fact that is lost on the dumbshit generals in iraq.
We don't need their fucking recognition of our right to exist. We want their commitment to a peace accord! 

And since peace is signed between countries, they have to acknowledge our existence, with or without a "right"  *before* we give back territory. 

Capice?
Look, bub, a person who accurately meant to describe what happened in 1948 would not say "the land". They would say *how much* land, or at least say "some land".

The definite article "the" is all-encompassing, embracing all that is under discussion, unless stated otherwise.  You know this; I know this; you pretend otherwise  in a fit of legalistic pique.

Why did you  mis-quote Bored, then? Why did you leave out 'the', if it is so devoid of meaning? If 'the' is so meaningless, why leave it out when quoting Bored? What a curious omission, no?

When you're in a hole, stop digging.
&gt;I like how you say these things and than go on saying your not anti-semitic.

Jews are not semites.

&gt;Don't say what I do and don't do you piece of shit.

Put up or shut up. Show me where you have condemned the vile acts of the IDF that are posted here on occasion.

&gt;Because I don't assign political beliefs to ethnic groups.

Jewish is not an ethnicity.

Again. Show me where you have condemned these acts.

If you can't then I am right and all your cursing isn't going to undo that.
you silly twat. say thanks to Israel for the devastation of beirut.
all arafat was was the leader of the resistance in '69 against the wildly illegal invasion of the ashkenazis started by mass murderer and war criminal Ben Gurion the bastard.
I have, they have cheap cigarettes.
because you are a fool, and ignorant of history, and a fool hates wisdom.
read a book you ignorant twat, and stop sucking the cock of Israeli propaganda, it's all proven to be lies!
Ahhh, troll! I'm glad to see you.  Now that I have you, could you please respond to my [previous comment](http://reddit.com/info/6iw4y/comments/c03z1kl) responding to you?

I'm not sure what 79 years of Jewish rule you are referring to, nor what 1,300 years of Arab occupation followed, nor what illegal USA funded occupation is occurring now.  While I have studied some history, these claims are entirely new to me!  Please explain which Jews ruled and in which years, and which Arabs ruled and in what years.  Gee... I thought there were some Christians there for a while too... but hey, I guess I need to read up on my history, right?  Because while this seems to be a relatively well understood region I have never heard such radical and outrageous claims as yours here on Earth!  Do you come from another universe?  Enlighten us o great DIGGISRUNBYTHEGOVT!!
that's a complete goddamned load of Israeli shit.
palestine was 90% arab before ben gurion and the ashkenazis invaded palestine.
read a book you stupid sonofabitch, and quit spreading lies.
Not quite getting your point.

It seems like you are arguing the wookie defense in order to avoid the question.

Why don't you try answering the question?
Why not give the Palestinians nukes and level the playing field?
your understanding of history is the understanding of a retarded mongoloid crack addict. please read some books and shut up.
Let's hear **you** condemn a palestinian terrorist.

Or *not* act as an apologist for one.

Or *not* support them in the name of "stolen land".

Or maybe you are actually one of them?
that's a fucking load of shit and basically trumpets your ignorance on the topic.
You don't negotiate with someone that has stolen your land and mass murdered millions of your countrymen.
You slay them all.
It's complicated - there is a genetic claim that both Pals and Jews have, and a cultural claim that Jews have, harking to a time before the Arabs (Pals are called Arabs, but are really a Levant-Arab mix, just like Jews are a Euro-Levant or Arab-Levant mix too).  But then there is the claim of continuous occupancy that the Pals have, but not the Jews.

Which takes precedence? Physical occupancy?  Cultural history?  At the end, it's all about guns and selective post-facto rationalizing. 

Heaven forbid writing down a general set of rules of who gets to live where, because this invariably leads to embarrassing paradoxes.
dumbass. say something substantive on the topic instead of flashing your race card.
you can't be in Israel as a jew and support palestine. get the hell out of their land- that's the support they want.
just like the hassidics are some fringe group eh dipshit?
and just like the ashkenazis have some claim to that land??? I THINK NOT!
Sorry, I got lost in the nested quotes...
eturbrainz wins the stupid motherfucker award.
arabs are semitic you stupid goddamn idiot.
supporting palestine is pro-semitic.
read a book, read a book, read a motherfucking book.
http://www.rys2sense.com/anti-neocons/viewtopic.php?t=7971&amp;start=0&amp;postdays=0&amp;postorder=asc&amp;highlight=
What are you talking about?  Who the fuck cares about biblical claims to Israel/Palestine?  Are you some retarded religious nutball?

&gt;the current ashkenazi fake jew invasion of palestine

What about the millions of Sephardim and Mizrahim in Israel/Palestine?  Would you consider them invaders?  (Before we get to the question of why you consider the Ashkenazim invaders)
It can also be safely said that Israel will not die before unleashing it's nuclear arsenal.  All the same though.  Let nature take it's course.
Therefore wakeupfromyourslumber.com is a not a website for retarded bigots?
Wow, the lies truly have no borders.

The railway station in one of the pictures was built by the turks. Google "Hejjaz Railways". Good luck trying to sell the idea that "palestinians" had a real society of their own.
I am talking about the number one talking point any jew or Israeli  will mention when talking about Israel- they claim it is their biblical right- they are the crazy ones.
you are such a mindless fuck.
you need to open a history book and start reading where Ben Gurion shows up you dumb asshole.
They won the land in a war.  Fair and square.  If the Palestinians cannot take it back by force, they do not deserve it.  If they can, then they should do everything in their power to hold onto it.
&gt; And since peace is signed between countries [ed: *warning, non sequitur*], they have to acknowledge our existence, with or without a "right" before we give back territory.

Hah, but the problem is that of the chicken and the egg.  The Israelis want recognition, but don't want to commit to giving back the West Bank.  Moderate Palestinians are willing to recognize Israel, but not without a *quid pro quo* of a decent chunk of land.

&gt; Capice?

yes, I 'capice' very well.  What I 'capice' is that the Israelis want to screw the Pals over for every square inch, and want to give up [as little as possible](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/07/08/magazine/08livni-t.html) in return for peace.  This is why, though once very sympathetic to Israel, I have in later years become fairly disgusted.   

What I 'capice' is that the Israelis are not willing to put a fair deal on the table, and keep it there.
all the more reason to lay off of Iran and put all that anti-nuclear pressure on Israel.
cut off all funding to Israel immediately and adhere to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty of which we are a signatory, and which we violate by sending israel any money whatsoever.
Ah, so you're attacking straw-men I see.  Are they easy for you to knock down? It seems like you're pushing quite hard and not having much luck even with them!

I would never argue that anybody has a biblical right to anything.  Most of the Israelis that live in Israel today *were born there*.  It is their *birth right*, not their biblical right, to live there.  You keep talking about history books.  Which ones are you reading that enable you to make such high-minded points as these: "you are such a mindless fuck", "you dumb asshole"?
As if that was going to happen.
Not to be a dick, (and I have not made many friends among pro-palestine redditors either) but I don't see how your conclusions follow from your premises.

The several facts you gave about what Israel _is_ don't necessarily have any bearing on what it _should be_, which is really the topic at hand.

Similarly, your distaste for your former homeland in no way invalidates other peoples' yearnings for theirs.

That said, I have had severe issues with those redittors who insist on oversimplifying the issues and pretending that only Israelis are at fault, too.
that was the answer you idiot. It's very difficult to track down the total number- but that's a fair estimate.

the palestinians fled to several different surrounding countries and were hunted down and slaughtered.
Of course it's hard to find the numbers on the net with zionist google-
 In response to a legal request submitted to Google, we have removed.....

http://ca.youtube.com/watch?v=OLJzCNPm0qQ

There are about 6.5 million Palestinian refugees worldwide. More than 3.8 million Palestinian refugees and their descendents displaced in 1948 are registered for humanitarian assistance with the United Nations. Another 1.5 million Palestinian refugees and their descendents, also displaced in 1948, are not registered with the UN. About 263,000 Palestinians and their descendents are internally displaced i.e. inside present-day "Israel".

http://ca.youtube.com/watch?v=tL33tuSBjck
how is opposing a politcal platform of holocaust and illegal invasion bigotry?

I think you drank the koolaid and you think defending Israelis and Israel are part of being a jew.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
A true jew following judaic law understands Israel is so wrong it cannot possibly exist in this form.
Really curious how you think this site gets the bigot title??????
Zionsim is a political platform whose adherents must be rendered harmless since the platform is one of endless holocaust, worse than the Nazis.
Depends on the eye of the photographer, though.
&gt; The fact that they bought 9% of the land doesn't mean that the other 91% was owned by arabs. It didn't "belong" to anyone.

One could argue is that the remaining 91% was the common property of the inhabitants of the land, just like, oh, the public land of France is the property of the French, rather than of a teeming mass of would-be African immigrants.
The word 'native' is loaded. Jews are native to  the Levant, but are also native to Europe for a thousand or two years.  Palestinians are native to the Levant for thousands of years, being kissing cousins with Jews, genetically speaking.

I don't know what 'native' means.  What I do know is that anyone making 'native' claims should write down his rules, and should then be forced to  follow his own rules where-ever they lead.
I see the idea that this is their number one talking point has not been able to get through the osmium-like density of your thick fool's skull.
How about that reading comprehension? and you started the name calling, if you forgot, assmonkey.
and I quote:
"What are you talking about? Who the fuck cares about biblical claims to Israel/Palestine? Are you some retarded religious nutball?"
&gt; What are you talking about? Who the fuck cares about biblical claims to Israel/Palestine? Are you some retarded religious nutball?

This is a good point. Now what logic was used to justify the creation of the modern state of Israel in the Biblical land of Israel?

Surely, it was not the 'religious nutball' logic you so disdain?  Surely, it was mere coincidence that the two overlap, and even have the same name?
A quarter of the population of Israel are Palestinian arabs. They have the same rights as everyone else - more rights than they would enjoy is almost any other Middle East state. 

I'm just saying.
another nice lie - PLO was created long before 69
&gt;&gt;&gt;under even more generous terms

Land for worthless piece of paper?
&gt;&gt;&gt;and mass murdered millions of your countrymen

Why not billions, or trillions or just some other big number? Stop propaganda and lies!
You will never hear me condemn a palestenian terrorist because I believe it's the duty of every able bodied person to do whatever they can in order to secure freedom for their countrymen and children.

I believe that freedom is sacrosanct. I believe that it's the first human right.

I believe that people who deny freedom to others are the pinnacle of evil.

Give me freedom or give me death.

You may have heard that last phrase someplace.
mainly because it was millions. But the fog of war and the lack of understanding of the conflict kept people from keeping an accurate tally. Most everyone agrees on the millions of refugees- but those are the ones that made it out alive.. if six million made it out- it's not a stretch to say 2 million didn't, or were later slaughtered over the next 70 years of conflict. The most accurate statistics start at 2000!!! Golda Meir- Zionist cunt, often claimed there was no such thing as a palestinian, and the land was empty before they showed up- the same cunt that promised world nuclear holocaust at the hands of Israel should it ever be wrested from their psychotic claws.. yep- you got that right-- Israel will nuke several countries including allies as retaliation for loss of Israel...
psychos. It's called the samson option.

This continual bullshit diatribe from the only voice anyone listened to in the region is most probably the cause of the lack of good stats until people started to wake up and realize Israel is simply the Nazi invasion of poland all over again, only this time it's the arabs in the death camps.

math is not the strong point of Israelis, as history has shown.
If you were to believe israeli propaganda, palestine never existed and the land was completely uninhabited, just waiting for the beautiful darling ashkenazis to come take into their bosom.

The truth is far grimmer, but obviously not something you are either prepared or mentally equipped to research.

Let me help you, peasant....

http://www.ifamericansknew.org/history/origin.html#early



http://www.counterpunch.org/weir04252005.html
So what was "the land" the Bored was referring to?  All of Palestine? pre-1967 Israel? The Jewish lands under the original UN partition plan? What?

You say the definite article "the" is all-encompassing, embracing all that is under discussion.  So what was all "the land" under discussion?  The OP does not specify and neither does Bored.  I have given a clearly stated interpretation of what I believed Bored was referring to and you have now confused your own interpretation.  At first you assume "the land" was pre-1967 Israel.  In another post you say "'the land' refers to the land of Palestine/Israel".  But now with your most recent comment I am not so sure what you think "the land" refers to.  What was all the land under discussion by OP?  I'm going to let you in on a little tip: It's tough to engage in a discussion when you're not even sure what the definition of the words you use.  Now that you have contradicted yourself on your interpretation of Bored's "the land", please remedy this.

Obviously the Jews bought much of the land that became Israel.  As you have said, the Jews bought 600,000 acres of land, 9% of pre-1967 Israel.  As [dberis2](http://reddit.com/info/6k5uo/comments/c042ytk) has stated, the fact that the Jews owned 9% of the land of pre-1967 Israel does not mean the Arabs owned the other 91% of this land.  So this is clearly a disingenuous figure that you give when you don't state what the Arab land ownership was... e.g.,  much of this 91% was in the Negev and was not owned personally by anybody and furthermore consisted of much of the new Jewish state.  Obviously there was a war in 1948, and as per [sense's link](http://reddit.com/info/6k5uo/comments/c042x6q), Jewish Palestinians took land from Arab Palestinians in this war.  Jordanians took land from Arab and Jewish Palestinians as well.  There was a Palestinian exodus, etc.. the reasons for the Jews "taking", as some call it, the Arab Palestinian's land is much more nuanced than you suggest.  As for the Jewish state in the 1947 Partition Plan... I don't have figures about Arab land ownership (feel free to point some out), but the Jewish population was a majority.

So the Israelis did buy land from the Palestinians, in fact much of the (owned) land determined to be the Jewish state 1947 Partition Plan.  You want to be senselessly pedantic with me, anonymous-coward, yet you have not even settled on your own interpretation of the term "the land" that you insist on arguing with me about.  So stop digging.

If you want to redefine "the land" to mean, say, the Jewish state under the 1947 UN Plan, then I will agree that the Jewish Palestinians bought **much of** the land or even **more of** the land.  But if this is what you want then you are pathetically pedantic.  My point stands: The first part of Bored's statement is true (the Jews bought the land from the Arabs, under *my* previous interpretation of "the land"), even if the second part is false (the Jews did not kick them out).
&gt;They won the land in a war. Fair and square.

When civilized people win land in war they make the people they conquered citizens.

When uncivilized people win land in war they set up apartheid.
&gt;that was the answer you idiot. It's very difficult to track down the total number- but that's a fair estimate.

What's the approximate number?

&gt;the palestinians fled to several different surrounding countries and were hunted down and slaughtered.

How many of those slaughtered were by jews?

How about the ones that stayed back? How many of those were slaughtered?

How many were killed in the last decade? Last year? Last week? Yesterday?
Sorry to bust in but I have a test for Israelis: I always ask them if they would agree to return to the 1948 borders provide they are secure. They always argue this won't change anything and those Palestinian lands are important for Israel's security. I say "what about a large DMZ (on Palestinian land) and an international force patrolling Palestine ? Also Israel granted by USA. They keep arguing, for me it's clear. It's not about security here is about "lebensraum". Why would you set settlements otherwise ?
really ? millions murders? (a tip for you - use butchered or massacred, those are much better words in propaganda)
Bored wrote, in its entirety:

&gt; Israelies bought the land off of the Palestinians, not kick them out.

So presumably, the land in question is the same both before and after the comma. Hence the land in question is the land from which Pals were expelled, that is, pre-1967 Israel

You wrote:

&gt; While I interpret it to mean the land the Jews bought from the Arabs, you interpret it to mean all of Israel pre-1967 apparently.

Yes, but your interpretation is absurd. It creates the false issue of Israelis kicking Pals off from purchased farmland. This was never the issue. The issue was kicking them out of pre-1967 Israel.

Under your peculiar and risible interpretation, the two clauses of Bored's two-line post are to to be viewed in different and unrelated contexts. 

Give. It. Up.
Maybe we should just stop all this talk about who is 'native' to the land and who isn't.  That is all BS.

Instead, let's just support any group, _any group_, who is going to treat all people with some respect and dignity.
 
... speaking as a USA citizen with no direct interest in this issue.
&gt; I believe that freedom is sacrosanct. I believe that it's the first human right.

Actually, the first human right is life. Those that rob others of life are the pinnacle of evil.
There are tribes out there with a life expectancy of 40 years and no casinos, etc.
&gt;well Palestinians did actually have a country under the UN mandate created Israel (land whose majority were jews) and Palestine (the land with the majority of Palestinians). Until Jordan and Egypt decided that they didn't want Palestine to become a country any more then they wanted Israel to become a country.

Oh yeah. Kick them out and declare the area a majority of jewish people and settle there, then allow more and more jews to come and live there without regard to if they are even from Israel. Then declare more majority of jews and harm the Palestinians more.
Actually, my only point is that the existence of Israel, like it or not, is a fact: and Israel is here to stay. 

What it *should be* is a mute point, and open to interpertation.

In regard to the Palestinians, my point is they should stop dwelling on the past and get on with their lives!!
How many arabs did israel kill last year?

How many israelis did the arabs kill last year?
another dumb cunt peasant that thinks he's smart and outs his ignorance instead.
The resistance was around before then but...
Arafat became the head of the PLO in 69 you stupid motherfucker.
http://www.answers.com/topic/yasser-arafat

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PLO
Wow, to the well reasoned discussion I gave you, you respond with this tripe?  Wow.  Why not try to actually *read* my statement?  You are being pedantic without any regard to the points that are being made.

Since you call Bored's statement that "Israelies bought the land off of the Palestinians" false, that means you assert that the Jews did not buy the land from the Arab Palestinians, which is false.  They bought much of the land that was owned at all, by your own admission.
viggity vagina huy. You will notice not a single comment of yours has any research or any facts just some stupid little bitch sniping.

In addition the palestinians there's also worthy of mention the over a million murdered in Iraq- who do you think we are in Iraq for?
Israel!!


So add that to the millions of palestinians as well.

Now add some more hundreds of thousands afghanis- same deal there...

now swing over to africa.. hey wait.. it's a whole lot more than just a couple million people being murdered for Israel now isn't it?

the more you talk- the more you look like the stupid ignorant shit you are Huy66.

http://eaazi.blogspot.com/2008/03/israeli-incited-genocide-in-darfur.html

http://www.antiwar.com/orig/elmer.php?articleid=2959

http://www.thirdworldtraveler.com/Global_Secrets_Lies/Israel_SAfrica.html
Israel killed more Palestinians. This is unfortunate(for the Palestinans), and is due to the fact that: 

Israel protects itself and its citizens better;

Israel is not afraid to retaliate;

and because Palestinians do not place much value on human life.
Well, I don't see any amazing beauty. Not like the pictures of EnglishRussia that someone keeps posting. There is no proof here of beauty. Where is your "Wow" coming from?

How about reading Mark Twain's "The Innocents Abroad". He gives a pretty sad description of the poverty and oppression of the Palestinians under the Ottomans.
How many?

Give me the numbers.

I especially love your cavalier attitude about taking human life. Very typical of an israeli.

To be fair you guys don't think of Palestinians as humans.
&gt;Now what logic was used to justify the creation of the modern state of Israel in the Biblical land of Israel?

I recommend Tom Segev's "One Palestine, Complete" for a thorough answer to that question as it is more nuanced than I would like to describe in this box.  Though the anti-Zionists like to set up such straw-men as "what logic was used to justify the creation of the modern state of Israel..." I don't take Christian Zionism to be a justification for the modern state of Israel, even though this is one of the myriad reasons for the Balfour Declaration and the creation of Israel in 1948

 I am not sure as to what specific "justification" you are referring to in your comment.  The large number of Jews in Palestine in 1948? The pre-1948 hostilities between Jews and Arabs of Palestine, showing they could not live together in the same state?

Furthermore, my belief in Zionism in 1948 and in 2008 are for different reasons.  This is not 1948... that year is long gone.  It is 2008 and we must deal with the problems of here and now.
I just sneezed - add billions of microbes to the genocide count.
Citation needed.
What holocaust?  Seriously, can you answer/justify that?  It seems you are the one that drank the kool-aid on that one, buddy.

I don't think that defending Israel and Israelis are part of being a Jew, I think that defending Israel and Israelis are part of being a compassionate human being, just as I believe that defending Mexicans and Mexico is part of being a compassionate human being, or defending Saudi Arabia and Saudi Arabians is part of being a compassionate human being.  Note that this does not mean I have to agree or condone everything that each of the governments of these countries does, quite obviously.  Who the fuck cares about what a "true jew", whatever that means (define it?) thinks about Israel?  Under your definition, the vast majority of Israelis are not true Jews, so why does their opinion matter in any way?
I love those maps-over-time. Thanks for bringing this one up.
Reported to whom, Mossad?

Speaking of murder, Israel does it better than anyone else.
Nice job editing your comment.  If you're going edit your comment to provide links, at least try to make sure they support your point next time.  According to your links the Jews ruled from about 1000BCE - 720BCE... more than 79 years... but I guess that's just because I know how to count.  How about those Romans?  How about the Jews that lived there nearly continuously under Muslim and Roman rule?

Furthermore, you call the "occupation" illegal... why? If you had called it immoral, I may agree... but what law is it breaking?
do you really start believing your bullshit the more often you post it at reddit?

"All Israeli citizens, including Palestinians, have the right to vote in elections for members of the Knesset (parliament) and for the prime minister. But not all rights are citizenship rights. Other rights are defined as nationality rights, and are reserved for Jews only. If you are a Jew, you have exclusive use of land, privileged access to private and public employment, special educational loans, home mortgages, preferences for admission to universities, and many other things. Many other special privileges are reserved for those who have served in the Israeli military. And military service is compulsory for all Jews (male and female), except for the ultra-Orthodox who get the same privileges as other Jews, but excludes Palestinians, who do not.

Over 80 percent of the land within Israel that was once owned by Palestinians has been confiscated. All told, 93 percent of Israel's land can only be leased or owned by Jews or Jewish agencies. Moreover, despite Israel's booming economy, Palestinian unemployment is skyrocketing--Adalah says it is about 40 percent. In 1996 twice as many Arab citizens (28.3 percent) as Jewish citizens (14.4 percent) lived below the poverty line. Less than five percent of government employees are Arab. And eighty percent of all student drop-outs are Arab.

There are also vast disparities between Arab towns and Jewish towns in government spending on schools, medical systems, roads and electricity, clean water, and social services.

Unlike any other country in the world, Israel does not define itself as a state of its residents, or even a state of its citizens, but as a state of all the Jews in the world. Jews from anywhere in the world, like me, can travel to Israel, declare citizenship, and be granted all the privileges of being Jewish that are denied to Palestinians who have lived in the area for hundreds of years."

i'm just quoting phyllis bennis.

"- more rights than they would enjoy is almost any other Middle East state"
yeah, i heard that shit before, israel is the only democracy in the middle east - my ass.
I am a Zionist and I would never claim that Israel is the biblical right of the Jews because that is a retarded religious nutball statement.  Therefore it is not my number one talking point.  So stop setting up straw-men.  Take on the arguments at hand, not the arguments of straw-men.  I won't defend other people's arguments that you heard/made-up, only my own arguments and beliefs.  And my own reasons for Zionism have nothing to do with any biblical claim.

And by the way, you've done the only name calling.  I just asked if you were one of those retarded religious nutballs (you know, the kind that believes in biblical rights, etc.)... but you have called me:

&gt;assmonkey

&gt;mindless fuck

&gt;dumb asshole

By the way, when are you going to respond? http://reddit.com/info/6iw4y/comments/c03z1kl
All of you who feel guilty about your property can contact a Native American family and return your land.  But wait - weren't they fighting each other over territory also?  And I wonder who they pushed out to get to the resources needed.  So who actually "owns" the land?
&gt; 1) Jerusalem honestly isn't a large enough city to split. I mean it, I've been there.

You don't need to "split it", but rather you need to make it an international city that has special status.

Also, it used to have a clearly defined Jewish part and an Arab part.  It's only recently that there have been settlements strategically placed to make it hard to divide.  Thus when you say that it is hard to split, that was actually done purposely by Netanyahu and Sharon and Olmert has also let those settlements spread.
&gt;So I think we can say that Jerusalem is probably going to stay in Jewish hands

I think we can say that Israel will probably continue to take whatever Palestinian land it can get away with.
Actually, Jerusalem is one of the three holiest cities in Islam (along with Mecca and Medina), so it would be insulting to take it away from Muslims. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerusalem_in_Islam) I say that they should learn to share, or somebody should make them share.
The guy with the thumb up his ass should just get a job and buy a new car.

As in people should realize times have changed - grow up - and get on with their lives.
Its easy to turn a blind eye to truth when you have an agenda.
You're not a religious nutball you're just an american moron.  I cross paths with your type 10 times a day.
&gt; You slay them.

Good luck with that.  

&gt; The Hamas retort is that Yasser Arafat's Oslo talks achieved little for the Palestinians. Wars got them less.

If it ever came down to a war of genocide, there's little doubt who'd 'win'.
WoW!!! i didn't know Palestine was a country .

I thought it was a place with nomadic sheep herders and bedouins.
;)
The media fooled me....shame on me
This seems like some of the most fabricated crap I've seen in a while. The pictures aren't even "beautiful" it's just of people living their lives. They don't even look palestinian. If you want to see "beautiful" places you should take a visit out to Tel Aviv or Jerusalem one day. And it took the Jews only 60 years to turn them into world-class cities. Now THAT is impressive. And "Beautiful".
Israel's position is not tenable. The choices are:

a) Be a democracy, and eventually the Jews are a minority.
b) Be an apartheid state, and eventually, probably fairly soon, hand the Islamic fundamentalists the righteousness to destroy Israel as a Jewsih state.
c) Be brutal shitheads and continue the crisis without deciding, leading people like me to say "Let them go to hell."
History has shown us Jews need a place where they will not be discriminated against.
that point could have been made a bit more eloquently
And random conspiracy theorist #10 wins the doesn't know jackshit about language award.  The term "anti-Semitic" was specifically invented in the German language and then brought into the English language to refer to hatred of Jews.  It has no bearing on other Semitic groups such as Copts or Arabs.
i see your replies becoming ever more ridiculous throughout this thread. chill the fuck out
&gt; No, not the Byzantine Empire, you ignoramus.

We're talking about the Middle East.  Modern history doesn't matter nearly as much as ancient history.  The first Arabs to enter the Israel/Palestine region did so as the first Arab/Muslim empire (aka: The Caliphate) conquered much of the Middle East from the Byzantine empire.  This is the reason there are Arabs in "Palestine" *at all*.

By the time the Ottoman empire fell in WW1, the Arab invaders had been there hundreds of years.

&gt;Canaan? Like the 'Land of the Canaanites' killed by the Israelites, if you believe the bible? Or how about the Jebusites, also slaughtered by the Israelites? Do you really want to go back to the real natives?

Do you really want to take historical evidence from the Bible?  Seriously?  This is, remember, the book that tells Jews they get that bit of land by divine right.  I really wouldn't recommend bringing it up for a historical argument.

&gt;Now if you don't believe the bible, and instead believe genetic evidence, both the Jews and Pals are from the region.

And... slightly wrong.  Close, but no cigar.  Jews and Arabs are indeed related to each other: they are both Semitic (aka Middle-Eastern) groups.  The Arab gene lines trace back to... ARABIA while the Jewish ones trace back to... THE LEVANT.

Yes, I realize Palestinian Arabs also have some Levantine blood in them.  Breeding forcefully with the natives doesn't make you native, however, or all those half-Native-American babies should be running North America by now.
&gt; a) Be a democracy, and eventually the Jews are a minority.

Wrong, wrong and wrong.  Israel is still 70% Jewish.  They won't be a minority any time soon.

However, if you're hell-bent on making the Palestinian Territories a part of Israel *against the will of the Palestinians* to satisfy your bizarre little craving for "democracy", go ahead and set off a demographic war.
Every time I see pics of Palestine I think, "Who wants to fight and die over that piece of crap!" If that's the promised land, somebody had their fingers crossed.
I suppose that by "settlements" you mean "West Jerusalem"?
The 1948 boundaries were ridiculous and indefensible in the first place.  By "indefensible" I mean that Israel *had* to take the post-1948 territory in order to defend itself in the *War of Independence*.

The 1948 boundaries weren't drawn based on any sensible notion of having two contiguous nations; they were just drawn to give Israel the Jewish-majority areas and Palestine the Arab-majority areas.  There was at least one place in each state where the borders narrowed down to a tiny little point to meet another tiny little point of the same country, so that to cross from one part of your country to another meant surrounding yourself on two sides with enemies.  Why go back to that?
I LOL'd.
If they stole my land, I can't return to it.  Are you serious?  Well what happens if I steal it back?  I still can't return to it?  Why the hell not?

When you make theft fair game, everything eventually degenerates into might makes right.  Therefore, don't make theft fair game.
There are still European Jews?  I kid, I kid, of course there are, but scarcely more than the remaining Iranian Jewish population.

And if you ask any Zionist, they will tell you that all Jews should get the hell out of exile and make aliyah anyway.  I don't personally believe that since so many Jews seem quite happy in America and America seems quite happy with so many Jews, but there's nothing fundamentally wrong about asking an immigrant population to GTFO and go home *provided they actually have a home*.  Note that "asking" includes legal penalties through the immigration system for noncompliance, not death camps or "off with his head!" expulsion.

EDIT: Also, this requires that you haven't made those immigrants citizens.  Citizens always get the right to stay, because making immigrants citizens is a pact wherein the natives *SAY*, "OK, you have our full permission to stay here as equals."

For example, there are French Jews, and Arab Israelis.
Nice nitpick. BTW, those pictures SUCK!!!! That's objective, it has no social agenda. They provide absolutely no context to back up the headline's claim, which I don't disagree with, and yet I have no evidence to substantiate one way or the other, because the pictures suck.
What are these "Palestinian Territories?" The Swiss cheese West Bank? If that remains in place, the Israelis are effectively opting for permanent occupation and permanent crisis. Or, let me put it this way - the choice are:

1. A two-state solution. Not possible with the Wall and settlers.

2. A one-state solution. It won't be a Jewish state.

3. Eternal war.

I'm voting against paying for eternal war. If Israel thinks it can manage that on its own, good luck to them.

Israel dug its own grave with the Wall and the settlers.
I highly recommend the book "O Jerusalem" by Larry Collins to anyone interested in this subject.  

Heard at one point they were thinking of making a movie, not sure what happened there. 

Anywho, gives a rounded perspective on the more recent history of the area, the British leaving, the buildup and declaration of Israel and the subsequent war.  I had started with Leon Uris' Exodus, which is an interesting read but a highly romanticized, fictionalized and biased account of the events (historical fiction, I guess).  O Jerusalem gives a little more rounded picture though it is admittedly still told mostly from the Jewish perspective and some of the sympathies seem to lean more towards them.  

Again, highly recommend it, it's a big book but will really broaden the general reader's understanding of both sides of the story.
I'm glad you're only some hick living in a trailer park.  If you were influential you'd actually be dangerous.
[deleted]
Actually, the wall sort of helps chances of a two-state solution by stopping either side from launching large military assaults on the other except through defensible gates.  But yeah, the settlers have to go.
It sure is.  These people like DIGGISRUNBYTHEGOVT have no cares to make claims rooted in reality.  79 years of Jewish rule in the area? I don't even know where he got that figure from, it's not even in the links he provides... and on this issue you can pretty much find a link to support any ridiculous point you want to make.  Then 1300 years of Arab occupation followed by the current 60 year old state of Israel??  So apparently in his mind there was no Roman or Christian rule, and the Jewish kingdoms existed in 600 or 700 CE, rather than 1000 - 700 BCE?  These people have no sense or understanding and care not for the truth, they just want to be so rabidly anti-Zionist that they could not care less what the facts are!
Not West Jerusalem, the ones Israel built to surround East Jerusalem so that Jerusalem would be difficult to divide.

It is well known that Israel wanted to ensure that it was extremely difficult to divide Jerusalem and thus they surrounded the Arab sector of Jerusalem with Israeli settlements.

See:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6645777.stm

http://www.passia.org/palestine_facts/MAPS/images/jer_maps/Settlements.html

http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/818021E1-BFB6-4D84-B5FB-FF7C0E6CA970.htm
You know, I used to live in Haifa... and it's where most of these pictures were taken. A beautiful port town (French colonial architecture primarily) in the north of Israel.

Guess what: Haifa is half arab, half Jewish, and the model on which Israel's future will be built. It's a metropolis that gets by day by day with a mix of ethnicities quite well. It's worth pointing out that the Arabs of Haifa were no expelled!
Right... we are what we are, and Israel is what it is. We're both quite permanent, we've goth got nukes... it's just a reality that people are going to have to accept... Of course that doesn't mean there are not pressures we can use to bring about change... But we need to look at our own MAJOR problems too
Now we have flashy-looking houses and worried-looking people.
It's not difficult to divide because of the settlements, it's difficult to divide because dividing a single city between two military foes makes everyone live in fear!
Palestinians are all too human, and I do not have a cavalier attitude about taking human life. 

As I said before, it is the Palestinians who consider life cheap, and insist on wasting their own and their victims lives in suicide attacks and bombings. Another favorite pastime is launching rockets from within schools and residential areas, knowing full well that Israel will respond, thus ensuring more civilian victims (a.k.a., "Shahids").
Yeah, how about a war where they stop holding back?

I'd rather like to see all those Arabs giving speeches about the imminent demise of the Zionist regime after Israel fights like they mean it for once.
If the Wall was on the Green Line, yes, it would be an affront, but not an impediment. As it is, it draws further comparison with the West Bank and the apartheid "homelands" in the old South Africa.

Hizb'Allah now is in the Lebanon cabinet. That should wake the Israelis up. They waged a counterproductive war. Time to try something different.
&gt; I am not sure as to what specific "justification" you are referring to in your comment. The large number of Jews in Palestine in 1948?

Why do you quote the word "justification" when I used the word "logic"? Why, once again, do you quote me with something I never said? 

I refer to the logic that led to the immigration in the first place. Of all the places, why choose the Biblical homeland? A mere coincidence? Of course not. The root was biblical, and it is absurd to argue otherwise.  Just look at the strong emotions  on keeping Jerusalem! 

The answer to your question:

&gt; Who the fuck cares about biblical claims to Israel/Palestine?

Is *Many, if not most Israelis, including the ones that set the groundwork for the state and then created it. The settlers and their supporters especially care about the biblical boundaries.*

For example, Hebron is how a flash point, with a small number of settlers protected by an oppressive army presence. The settlers are there for Biblical reasons.
OK, so let's say the IDF blows up everything bigger than an RPG in every surrounding country. Bombs all the planes and airports to snot. Sinks every boat that is possibly usable to fight or carry materiel. And then what? Would that be a Great Victory for Zionism? Or, would that just start a mega-Intifada that would mean the destruction of Israel?
[deleted]
&gt; And... slightly wrong. Close, but no cigar. Jews and Arabs are indeed related to each other: they are both Semitic (aka Middle-Eastern) groups. The Arab gene lines trace back to... ARABIA while the Jewish ones trace back to... THE LEVANT.

No, I meant something more specific. Pals share certain genetic traits with Jews *more closely than with Arabs*.  For instance, Pals and Ashkenazi Jews share a particular deafness gene.  

&gt; Yes, I realize Palestinian Arabs also have some Levantine blood in them. Breeding forcefully with the natives doesn't make you native

No, I'm saying [that the Pals are likely to be more directly descended from the original populations of the Levant](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_people#Genetic_relations). You want to make it sound like the Pals are Arabs who raped a few natives, but in fact there is evidence that both they and the Jews are, for the most part, the natives.
I'm going to have to say Great Victory.  I'm a bit too realistic in outlook to believe that wanting to overcome the people who destroyed your country outright and sent you back into the Stone Age means you actually will overcome them.

Though in actuality, I'm not particularly in favor of rampant destruction of the non-Israeli Levant.  I'd much rather see the Palestinians either peace up and declare a state or just move the fuckers to Jordan where they can bother someone else.
&gt; Wow, to the well reasoned discussion I gave you, you respond with this tripe?

Much of your discussion is interesting, but is peripheral to my main point - *Most of Israel was not purchased, contrary to what Bored clearly implied with his words*.  

If Bored says that "the land" was purchased, my counterclaim is that he is 9% wrong and 91% right, because 9% was purchased, and 91% was acquired by other means, legitimate or not.

You may wish to introduce points beyond this, but as they have little to do with my critique of Bored, I decline to be drawn into discussing them.
&gt; I don't personally believe that since so many Jews seem quite happy in America and America seems quite happy with so many Jews, but there's nothing fundamentally wrong about asking an immigrant population to GTFO and go home provided they actually have a home. 

OK. You sure about this? This sounds pretty fascist to me. Makes me think of undesirables like Idi Amin. Or those nasty Arabs when they forced their Jewish populations out in response to the Pal expulsion.

&gt; EDIT: Also, this requires that you haven't made those immigrants citizens. Citizens always get the right to stay, because making immigrants citizens is a pact wherein the natives

Ah, tricky tricky! But weren't the expelled Palestinians automatically citizens of the state in which they resided?  

My whole point in asking the question is that you offered exactly *nothing* in your ostensible sacrifice to the Indians, so it was an easy sacrifice to make. 

In other words, I'd like to see a broad, uniformly applied logic concerning the rights of non-natives to live on land, broader than   the modern legalism of citizenship.  And I'd like to see a broader, universally applicable philosophy of  restitution of seized property.
A Palestinian state is unviable in a Swiss cheese West Bank. It simply won't happen until the occupation ends.

So you choose c) endless occupation and war.

At some point that becomes economically unviable. Especially without U.S. bullets, bombs, and jet fuel.
&gt;Ah, tricky tricky! But weren't the expelled Palestinians automatically citizens of the state in which they resided?

No.  *There was no state*.  There was the British Mandate of Palestine, and it included precisely nobody as citizens and everyone as subjects.  Furthermore, I specified citizenship as a pact in which the *natives* of a place officially give non-natives the right to live there.  There are Arab-Israelis in Israel right now who live in Israel as voting citizens with the permission (irrevocable, IMHO) of the native Jewish population.

&gt;My whole point in asking the question is that you offered exactly nothing in your ostensible sacrifice to the Indians, so it was an easy sacrifice to make.

Oh, so it's my fault I don't own property?  Should I go buy some just so I can give it back to the Native Americans?
No, I'd much rather see:

1) Israelis withdraw all settlements.  Occupation becomes purely a matter of self-protection.  I honestly believe that without subjecting the area to Israeli civil law they have no right to settle there anyway.

2) Palestinians, in response, actually set of some kind of workable deal whereby Israel can rest assured they won't get shelled in their two largest cities even when Palestinians do...

3) Palestinians declare a state in West Bank.

4) The two states start trading with each other, ensuring peaceful coexistence.
&gt; No. There was no state. There was the British Mandate of Palestine, and it included precisely nobody as citizens and everyone as subjects

This is what I mean by *tricky, tricky*.  Resorting to legalisms.

*"Ha, technically there no citizenship, so by the double-touchees no-skip rule we can rape your sister, burn down your house, and kick you off the land you've been living on for a thousand years."*

&gt; Furthermore, I specified citizenship as a pact in which the natives of a place officially give non-natives the right to live there.

But the Pals were the natives, both in terms of Levantine genetics and long-term inhabitation. The Jews were natives in terms of a genetic link but interlopers in terms of recent immigration.
 
&gt; Should I go buy some just so I can give it back to the Native Americans?

Yes. You should plow all of your lifetimes earnings into a nice house, have a family, and then let some Native Americans rape your daughter and send you all off on a long march to Canada. Don't worry - I'll figure out some arguments involving 'citizenship' to justify this and make you happy. Maybe you didn't really have citizenship, because your citizenship was not granted by the 'natives'.
Psst!

You surely can kick the original inhabitants out.

And then say that it was a "land without people" and the silly Americans will believe that.
You are still engaged in wishful thinking:

1. The Palestinians can't actually have a state while under occupation.

2. The elected government is led by Hamas. It is located in Gaza. Yet another case of blowback for heavy-handed policy by Israel.

3. If a Palestinian "state" is an puppet of Israel, the rockets will continue, and Islamic fundamentalists will draw more votes than Israel's puppets.

4. There is no sign Israel will remove settlements. The settlements, collective punishment, etc. are all war crimes committed by Israel as an occupying power.
I think there is much truth to Bored's first statement.  You claim it is 9% true.  I think it is much more true.  Again, "the land" could have meant many things.  I think sensible definition, rather than pre-1967 Israel, would be the *inhabited* or *habitable* (at the time) land under the 1947 Partition Plan, or the inhabited or habitable land in pre-1967 Israel.  Under this interpretation, the Jews probably purchased nearly or perhaps more than half of "the land".

I think this is a better interpretation of "the land", as Bored says that the "Israelies ... [did] not kick [the Palestinians] out."  As you said, the land in question is the same throughout Bored's statement.  Therefore your interpretation is absurd, and here's why:  It is utterly nonsensical to say that the Jews kicked out or did not kick out the Palestinians from land that was *uninhabited*, e.g., the Negev desert.  But this is how you must interpret Bored's statement if you assume he was referring to all of the land of pre-1967 Israel, including the uninhabited land.  So I am not sure why you include uninhabited land in the discussion because it clearly makes no sense with respect to Bored's statement.

This is why your claim that he is only 9% correct and 91% incorrect is not sensible (you got the numbers mixed up), especially with regard to dberis2's point.  He was actually much more correct.
&gt;Why do you quote the word "justification" when I used the word "logic"? Why, once again, do you quote me with something I never said?

How disingenuous of you:

&gt;...what logic was used to **justify** the creation...

You used the word "justify" (emphasis mine.. I don't want to get in more trouble), so your complaint amounts to more meaningless pedantry.  Can't you argue about anything besides pedantry?  Where else did I misquote you?

&gt;I refer to the logic that led to the immigration in the first place. Of all the places, why choose the Biblical homeland? A mere coincidence? Of course not. The root was biblical, and it is absurd to argue otherwise. Just look at the strong emotions on keeping Jerusalem!

Which immigration are you referring to?  Of who and during what years?  For some Jewish immigrants the reasons were religious, but your statements show an extreme misconception, as for most it was not.  Some were returning to the homes of much more recent ancestors.

But most of the Jewish immigration occurred due to persecution and ethnic cleansing in Europe and Russia.  More Jews would have gone to other countries, say, the United States, if there had not been immigration quotas keeping them out.  There were of course immigration quotas in the British Mandate as well.

Much of the early immigration was from Russia and Eastern Europe.  The vast majority of Russian and Eastern European Jews, millions, emigrating prior to the British Mandate went to the United States.  Proportionally, very few came to Palestine.. only about 60,000 or 70,000 of millions of Jews leaving Russia and Poland.  Palestine was one place that the emigrating Jews were able to escape, and the incoming Jews purchased their land piecemeal from Arab landlords.

During the Mandate period, especially during the 1930's (when a quarter million Jews arrived in Palestine) and the war, Jews were trying to leave Europe and go wherever they could due to the rise in Nazism.  Palestine was one place to which some Jews could escape.  6 million more should have been able to escape, but immigration quotas kept most from leaving Nazi occupation.

I think it is the responsibility of the world to help those needing to flee genocide. And if not help, at least welcome with open arms. I think it's unfortunate that the Arab Palestinians to a large extent did not do this, and instead [massacred Jews](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1929_Hebron_massacre) and [revolted](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1936-1939_Arab_revolt_in_Palestine) in opposition to Jewish immigration. This to a large degree [set the process in motion](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peel_Commission) for a partition plan for Palestine.  Even if you disagree with the reasons the two groups could not live peacefully together, it was clear they were not living peacefully together.  If the two groups could have lived together peacefully there would have been no need for a partition, but they were not able to do so.

So in short, it was one place the Jews were able to escape.  Furthermore, the Jewish and Arab populations did not live together peacefully.  Thus a partition of the British Mandate was needed so that both groups could have self-determination.  You can argue whether or not the partition was good or fair, but the 1947 Plan did create a Jewish state with a majority Jewish population (albeit with a large Arab minority).  Not that this matters... the real borders were set through the 1948 war, as nearly all borders in history have been set.

This is the logic and justification as I understand it.  I am not sure what is "absurd" about this. You speak of a biblical justification and that was *a factor* that can't be ignored, I agree, but to claim it is the *only* justification or even the primary justification for the modern state of Israel is not something I would do and not something most Israelis I know would do either.  I think that many Jews did feel there was a religious justification for a Jewish state, as well as many Christian Zionists (in Britain especially) that had the power to make a promise of a Jewish state.  But most of the Israelis I know are secular and Israel has a large (perhaps majority) secular Jewish populace overall (Since your discussion suggests you don't believe this, and my discussion is more anecdotal, here's at least some demographic justification: [44% of Jews define themselves as "secular" and 22% as "non-religious traditionalists"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religion_in_Israel)).  You mention that the settlers care about biblical boundaries, which is absolutely true, and they would all argue that the Jews have a biblical right to much of Palestine of course, but the religious nuts are a smaller, radical minority.  Most Israelis would not argue that the "logic ... used to justify the creation of the modern state of Israel in the Biblical land of Israel" is or should be primarily biblical, as most Israelis do not take the bible literally in any sense.  So I think your claims are based on ignorance and prejudice if I understand them correctly.

&gt;Just look at the strong emotions on keeping Jerusalem!

Oh, and more than half of Israelis would be willing to divide Jerusalem in order to achieve peace (there's a poll done yearly).

Your answer to my question is poorly thought out.  Who the fuck cares about biblical claims to Israel/Palestine?  Mostly just the (radical) right of Israel in the present day, e.g., Likud and worse, not the mainstream.  In the past, while some may have cared, it was not the primary reason for immigration specifically to Palestine.  Most Jews immigrating to Palestine were just trying to escape Europe however and wherever they could.
&gt; I think there is much truth to Bored's first statement. You claim it is 9% true. I think it is much more true. Again, "the land" could have meant many things.

You immediately conceded that Bored's (somewhat ungrammatical) one line post was half wrong, the half about the Pals not being expelled.

Yet you persist in trying to find deep truth in the other half.  Let's face it, Bored don't know much about history, and trying to find subtle truths in his writing is like trying to deconstruct a village idiot.

&gt; As you said, the land in question is the same throughout Bored's statement. Therefore your interpretation is absurd, and here's why: It is utterly nonsensical to say that the Jews kicked out or did not kick out the Palestinians from land that was uninhabited, e.g., the Negev desert. 

Now *that* is a fair point.    I would argue that the Pals, as the inhabitants, should have collectively owned the land, inhabitable or not, just like Americans own Death Valley. You seem to be claiming that the Israelis fairly purchased a larger fraction of the *good* land than the 9%. Maybe true.  Maybe Israelis fairly purchased 18% of good land, took 82% by force, and the other half (the bad land, the Negev) should't count.

But then we come to another unavoidable absurdity in your claims. Read carefully what you wrote:

&gt; As you said, the land in question is the same throughout Bored's statement.

You are saying that the land the Pals were kicked off from was the purchased land. You make it sound like a landlord-tenant dispute. This is patently untrue. Pals were expelled at gunpoint from their homes, from their villages. They were not given eviction notices from farmland owned by someone else.   

So are you really saying that the purchased land is the same as the land from which Pals were expelled? Keep in mind that many Pals were expelled from land *outside* the 1948 UN partition boundary, areas that were primarily Pal.
You are correct that the bulk of the immigration occurred for non-religious reasons, exploiting the existence of a safe haven granted by a seed community. But the seed community came to be for religious reasons.  It's just too much of a coincidence otherwise.

&gt; You speak of a biblical justification and that was a factor that can't be ignored, I agree, but to claim it is the only justification

Eh? Who claimed it was the *only* justification? You wrote 

&gt; What are you talking about? Who the fuck cares about biblical claims to Israel/Palestine?

And the answer to this question is "many, but not all Israelis, including some politically crucial ones"

&gt; Who the fuck cares about biblical claims to Israel/Palestine? Mostly just the (radical) right of Israel in the present day, e.g., Likud and worse, not the mainstream.

But Likud is *big*. They produced several (most?) prime ministers in recent years: Netanyahu, Sharon, and the exreme rightist Shamir.  They are down for the time being, but they are still a huge force in Israeli politics.

Today, Kadima (a Likud offshoot) won, but their fragile (50%) coalition depends on the support of Shas, a religious party making up 20% of their block.  So the answer to your question "Who the fuck cares about biblical claims to Israel/Palestine?" is several major political parties, including a religious party casting a decisive vote.

&gt; But most of the Israelis I know are secular and Israel has a large (perhaps majority) secular Jewish populace overall (Since your discussion suggests you don't believe this, and my discussion is more anecdotal, here's at least some demographic justification: 44% of Jews define themselves as "secular" and 22% as "non-religious traditionalists"). 

Your own source shows your claim that Israel does not have a "majority secular" populace, though you chose not to quote this bit:

&gt; Among all Israeli Jews, 65% believe in God and 85% participate in a Passover seder.[3] However, other sources indicate that between 15% and 37% of Israelis identify themselves as either agnostics or atheists.[4]

So we have population that is 2/3 religious, hardly a minority.

&gt; I think it is the responsibility of the world to help those needing to flee genocide. And if not help, at least welcome with open arms.

Right. That is why Israel is embracing refugees from Darfur. Oh, wait, it isn't. It's kicking them back over the border, to be abused by Egyptians. If you criticize the Arabs for attacking the refugees from Europe, ask yourself how Israelis would react to an influx of a couple of million refugees from Darfur. Sadly, every group places self-preservation above charity.
&gt;History has shown us that although occupying powers may initially win their prize, they rarely get to keep it.

That's not true. What actually happens is the "occupied" get citizenship, and everyone forgets about the conflict.

Do you realize how often the countries that make up the UK were fought over and changed hands? How about American indians?

Once you win the country you win, it's pretty rare the loosers get it back. Of course they whine a lot. People like an underdog, so they yell about the whining loosers, but sorry in the past 5000 years the precedent is clear - once you win, you keep it.

But if you don't give the people citizenship they often take it back. Once you do though it's pretty much permanent.

Do you realize how often every single piece of land in the world has been fought over? Just how far back do you want to go and give things back?

The winner keeps it, and that's the end of it.

You might not like the rule of strength, but it's still the rule. The US is actually kind of strange by giving back germany and japan. By all right both those countries are american protectorates. But I guess the US either didn't want them, or wanted the PR boost of giving them back. Iraq too.
Sure you can. You just need to be ruthless, and the US refuses to do so.

It worked against the american indians, and the european kings did it. America is worried about collateral damage (as they should), but it doesn't mean it's not possible.
&gt;You immediately conceded that Bored's (somewhat ungrammatical) one line post was half wrong, the half about the Pals not being expelled.

I wouldn't so much say I conceded as I stated this right off the bat in my original response.  I would certainly say that many Palestinians were forced out at gun point, as sense's link to a Morris interview describes.  But this is not the whole story, even from Morris, as to why the Palestinian exodus occurred.  When you say "Pals were expelled at gunpoint from their homes, from their villages. They were not given eviction notices from farmland owned by someone else.", you seem to be parroting the traditional Arab position only without much thought or research, although the truth is much much more complicated.  The traditional Israeli position is of course not this at all.  The traditional Israeli position is that the leaders of Arab nations in 1948 asked the Palestinians to leave and deliberately incited panic so that the battlefield would be cleared for an easier military victory by the Arab nations attacking the new Israel.  Benny Morris (from sense's link) and others have studied the exodus in detail and shifted the traditional viewpoints though, especially following the opening of the Israeli and UK archives (the Arab nations of course have not opened their archives).  He contends that the 700,000 Palestinian refugees fled their homes due to the 1948 war, and not as the result of either Arab or Israeli policies.  Further, that the Palestinians left in large degree to widespread panic due to the war, and fully expected that they would shortly be able to return to their homes following an Arab military victory.  But, as the interview sense links to points out, there were several dozen sites in which Arab communities were forced out at gunpoint as well.  I think this "new historian" viewpoint is probably one the best researched and accepted right now.

Remember further, that not all the Arab Palestinians were expelled during the war.  There are presently over a million Arab Israelis descending from those that were not expelled and did not leave.

&gt;Yet you persist in trying to find deep truth in the other half. Let's face it, Bored don't know much about history, and trying to find subtle truths in his writing is like trying to deconstruct a village idiot.

Bored may or may not know much about history, and much of our argument has been regarding what exactly he was even trying to express, as it was unclear, but I think that the truth of his statement can be evaluated whether or not he fully understands the statement he is making.  Whether or not it is wise to do so, as you say, is another story.

&gt;Now that is a fair point. I would argue that the Pals, as the inhabitants, should have collectively owned the land, inhabitable or not, just like Americans own Death Valley. 

Why? And how is the American situation analogous?  Nobody (or virtually nobody) inhabited the Negev desert.  Why do you call the Palestinians the inhabitants?  Remember this was British land before the partition and war.  Arabs and Jews lived in Palestine.  Why would you argue that the Palestinians should have collectively owned the land?

&gt;You seem to be claiming that the Israelis fairly purchased a larger fraction of the good land than the 9%. Maybe true. Maybe Israelis fairly purchased 18% of good land, took 82% by force, and the other half (the bad land, the Negev) should't count.

Yes, and I'm not sure, but I would guess it was a majority of the inhabited land in the Jewish state under the partition was Jewish owned, as a majority of the population was Jewish (i.e., certainly more than 18% and probably more than 50%, but I'm unsure).

&gt;You are saying that the land the Pals were kicked off from was the purchased land. You make it sound like a landlord-tenant dispute. This is patently untrue. Pals were expelled at gunpoint from their homes, from their villages. They were not given eviction notices from farmland owned by someone else.

Yes, I think I addressed this above and I certainly was not trying to make the 1948 war and the surrounding events sound like a landlord-tenant dispute.
I get the feeling your mind is a very scary place. 
We are not talking about bows and arrows vs rifles.

we are talking about conventional warfare, in cities, and jungles, and desert, with real weapons comparable to those being used against them.

In that situation- the rate of attrition is extremely high and the chances of winning slim to none.

Satellites have tipped the scale a bit, in addition to the new computer technology for locating snipers using the sound the bullet made to identify gun and trajectory/position.. but the chance of losing in Iraq is about 100% unless the resistance becomes unpopular for some reason.

The chance of losing in Israel- also about 100% when you realize Israel is the size of new jersey, only sixty years old compared to over a thousand years of arab domination, and the clock is ticking every time they kill another arab- they get that much closer to an alliance crushing them like a bug in one fell swoop.
you have a foul mouth.
&gt; Benny Morris (from sense's link) and others have studied the exodus in detail and shifted the traditional viewpoints though, especially following the opening of the Israeli and UK archives (the Arab nations of course have not opened their archives). He contends that the 700,000 Palestinian refugees fled their homes due to the 1948 war, and not as the result of either Arab or Israeli policies.

I think you are misrepresenting Morris here. From the same interview:

&gt; "The revised book is a double-edged sword. It is based on many documents that were not available to me when I wrote the original book, most of them from the Israel Defense Forces Archives. What the new material shows is that there were far more Israeli acts of massacre than I had previously thought. To my surprise, there were also many cases of rape. In the months of April-May 1948, *units of the Haganah [the pre-state defense force that was the precursor of the IDF] were given operational orders that stated explicitly that they were to uproot the villagers, expel them and destroy the villages themselves.* ... At the same time, it turns out that there was a series of orders issued by the Arab Higher Committee and by the Palestinian intermediate levels to remove children, women and the elderly from the villages.

So this directly contradicts your claim. 

Now Morris tallied the reasons why the Arabs fled, and he came up with [this village by village enumeration](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Causes_of_the_1948_Palestinian_exodus#Morris.E2.80.99s_.E2.80.98Four_Waves.E2.80.99_analysis) 

        REASON                      no.villages
    military assault on settlement      215
    influence of nearby town's fall     59
    expulsion by Jewish forces          53
    fear (of fighting)                  48
    whispering campaign                 15
    abandonment on Arab orders           6
    unknown 	                        44


268 of 440 villages were abandoned because of direct attacks, according to Morris' numbers, and another 59 because a neighboring town fell.  Yes, you can dig up a selective quote or two from him that the Arabs fled because of mere fear, but his actual *figures* show direct assaults on towns.

&gt; Yes, and I'm not sure, but I would guess it was a majority of the inhabited land in the Jewish state under the partition was Jewish owned, as a majority of the population was Jewish ...

I won't comment except to point out that you provide no evidence. But this doesn't address  my point that the expulsions were not from *purchased farmland* but from *houses and villages*.


&gt; I certainly was not trying to make the 1948 war and the surrounding events sound like a landlord-tenant dispute.

Right, but that is what you are doing when insisting that the *purchased* land is the same as the land from which Pals were expelled.  
&gt; Remember further, that not all the Arab Palestinians were expelled during the war. 

I looked at the numbers once, and came up with the figure that 85% were expelled. I could say "Remember, Hitler didn't kill all the Jews. 33% survived!" but I won't because citing the incompleteness of an atrocity is a transparently dishonest way of trying to minimize it.
At the cost of discriminating against Palestinians?

Jews, Muslims and Christians were living peacefully together in Palestine, before the Israeli state was established.
"Do you realize how often every single piece of land in the world has been fought over?"

Well, that was my point. It may take 10 years, or it may take 200 years. Eventually, the natives of a country want their own back. 

The title to the land might change hands, but the natives who refuse to leave it will always be there.

Which means problems for the occupier. The fall of Empires generally starts with an over stretching of their military, and domestic unrest - within their 'homeland', or within their client state.

E.g. The UK today has a fraction of what it set out to conquer.. even Australia is moving towards a Republic.
It's not that hard to make the resistance unpopular - kill 100 random people for each shot fired by the resistance.

I'm not saying anyone should do it, just that it is possible.

As for an arab alliance, almost all arabs hate the palestinians (except iran), why would they help them? They would sooner kill them. Look at recent events in labanon if you need an example.

The arabs are quite happy about the situation in israel (again, except for iran). They'll do nothing to change it. And since they all hate iran, iran isn't going to be able to do anything either.

The arabs are far from a unified group of people - they hate each other more than israel. Israel acts as a common enemy maybe, but that's about it.

And Israel is several thousand years old, not 60 (which I'm sure you'll argue). But in any case arabs did not dominate israel for a thousand year - just about everybody in euorpe did. Turkey, britain, it's a long list.

And finally, why would the age of the country matter anyway?
&gt;But the seed community came to be for religious reasons. It's just too much of a coincidence otherwise.

What is your evidence?  Why is it a coincidence?  This sentiment that you keep expressing is wholly unjustified.  Either try to justify it with some facts or stop repeating it. Jews escaping Russian persecution went where they could go.  If they could go to the U.S., they did, and if they could go to Palestine, they did.  What seed population are you referring to that "came to be for religious reasons"?  There have been Jews in Palestine essentially continuously for hundreds of years, so what do you mean by "seed"?

&gt;Eh? Who claimed it was the only justification?

Try reading a few words past where you quote me.  You do suggest that it is the primary justification when you say "I refer to the logic that led to the immigration in the first place... The root was biblical, and it is absurd to argue otherwise."  You were saying?

&gt;And the answer to this question is "many, but not all Israelis, including some politically crucial ones"

In fact that is not what you said.  If you are going to misquote yourself, you can't get so upset if I misquote you (which it does not seem I have done anyway).  You said the answer was "*Many, if not most Israelis, including the ones that set the groundwork for the state and then created it. The settlers and their supporters especially care about the biblical boundaries.*"  But most if not all Israelis that I have ever spoken to believe in the state of Israel regardless of biblical claims (and most do not use such biblical claims as a justification).  I don't know any settlers though.

My point is further supported by the fact that 2/3, 66%, of Israeli Jews are secular or non-religious traditionalists.  Therefore at least 66% of Israeli Jews would not use a biblical claim as a justification for present-day Israel.  You seem to object to these numbers, but you don't understand the relevance of the numbers you quote back to me from the article:

&gt;Your own source shows your claim that Israel does not have a "majority secular" populace, though you chose not to quote this bit:

&gt;Among all Israeli Jews, 65% believe in God and 85% participate in a Passover seder.[3] However, other sources indicate that between 15% and 37% of Israelis identify themselves as either agnostics or atheists.[4]

&gt;So we have population that is 2/3 religious, hardly a minority.

Well you have very much misunderstood or you are trying to be disingenuous (which is odd because you're not going to convince me of the falsehood you claim and no one else is really listening at this point).  Just because 65% of Israeli Jews believe in God does not mean they believe in the bible.  Just because one believes in God does not mean that one believes that the Universe is 6000 years old or that God promised the land of Israel to the Jews.  And a belief in the bible is what is relevant here.  Thus the secular + non-traditionalist number is the relevant figure, not the number that believe in a deity (nor those that celebrate the Passover tradition... a non-religious traditionalist would celebrate this by definition, as it is a tradition, but would not believe that Moses parted the Red Sea, etc.).

&gt;But Likud is *big*. They produced several (most?) prime ministers in recent years: Netanyahu, Sharon, and the exreme rightist Shamir. They are down for the time being, but they are still a huge force in Israeli politics.

You vastly overstate.  Certainly not nearly as big as say, the Republican party.  Likud holds 12 seats out of 120... 10%.  And even though they are right-wing, that does not imply that every member is a religious nut (though many are).  Shas has 12 seats as well.

&gt;Kadima (a Likud offshoot) won...

Kadima is not a Likud offshoot.  Kadima formed from both Likud and Labor.  More importantly, how many members of the Knesset care about biblical claims to Israel? 20%? 30%? How many Israelis? As I've shown, not more than a third.  Indeed, it is unfortunate that the religious nutballs hold more power than their mere numbers, as you mention, but this is hardly the majority voice.

&gt;Right. That is why Israel is embracing refugees from Darfur...

Israel has accepted hundreds or thousands of African refugees, offered them asylum and given them citizenship.  I can't believe you commented so ignorantly about this... wait, yes I can.  Furthermore, the Israelis did not beat and kill the refugees.  You are correct in the point that they have expelled 50 Africans (many but not all from Darfur) to Egypt where they were ill-treated by the Egyptians, and the Israelis should not have done that.  So while your premise is not true, and the Israelis have accepted many refugees, I do agree that Israel could do more and further that every other country could and should be accepting refugees fleeing from genocide, not just Israel.  I do criticize the Arabs for attacking the European Jewish refugees and I criticize the Israelis for turning away the 50 African refugees, while I credit them with accepting nearly 3000 into their country **without attacking them*.  Demographically speaking, your hypothetical of "how Israelis would react to an influx of a couple of million refugees from Darfur" is of course nonsensical, as you realize, since Jewish immigration to Palestine was more in the 10's of thousands per year.
Because it was authorised by the UN? Why else? The UN provides the only international and legal legitimacy for the establishment and existence of Israel.
When you got nothing you can always resort to ad hominem.
"Swiss cheese West Bank". I like that, its a very apt description.
&gt;As I said before, it is the Palestinians who consider life cheap, and insist on wasting their own and their victims lives in suicide attacks and bombings.

And that's your justification for killing so many of them.

It must be some sort of a jewish moral thing.  The old "we kill them because they don't value life" excuse.


&gt;Another favorite pastime is launching rockets from within schools and residential areas, knowing full well that Israel will respond, thus ensuring more civilian victims (a.k.a., "Shahids").

Ah how can I forget "we kill them because they want to die" excuse.

How many israelies have the palestenians killed last year?

How many have you killed of them?
&gt;&gt;  But the seed community came to be for religious reasons. It's just too much of a coincidence otherwise.

&gt;What is your evidence? Why is it a coincidence? 

It's a *non-*coincidence because Israel represents 21,000 km^2, but the planet has 60 million km^2 of arable land, so the odds of modern Israel landing atop Biblical Israel, purely by chance, is 4 in 10,000.

&gt; Just because 65% of Israeli Jews believe in God does not mean they believe in the bible.  ..

But they believe in the *true* fact that the bible provides a connection to the land. You don't have to believe in the literal bible to believe that Israel is the original home of the Jews.  Religion gives this objective fact importance.

&gt; Israel has accepted hundreds or thousands of African refugees, offered them asylum and given them citizenship

True, but mostly Ethiopian Jews, admitted in part to demographic considerations.

&gt; Demographically speaking, your hypothetical of "how Israelis would react to an influx of a couple of million refugees from Darfur" is of course nonsensical, as you realize, since Jewish immigration to Palestine was more in the 10's of thousands per year.

Ah, but you fail to grasp my point.

Palestinians correctly surmised that immigration in large numbers (over many years) was a threat to them and would wipe them off their land.  Israelis would correctly surmise that massive refugee immigration, at once or in dribs and drabs, would wipe out Israel as it exists today.

My point is that *no culture will accept refugees if they threaten to overwhelm the culture*.  This is what happened to the Pals. Persecuted refugees came in, and then took over and kicked them out.
&gt;I think you are misrepresenting Morris here. From the same interview:

&gt;So this directly contradicts your claim.

Nope, you need to pay more attention.  From the same wiki page you link to:

&gt;According to Benny Morris, his work is often « mis-cited ». In Irith Times of February 2008, he summarized his analysis as follows :

&gt;Most of Palestine's 700,000 "refugees" fled their homes because of the flail of war (and in the expectation that they would shortly return to their homes on the backs of victorious Arab invaders). But it is also true that there were several dozen sites, including Lydda and Ramla, from which Arab communities were expelled by Jewish troops.[141]

which was exactly my claim.  The numbers you cite of Morris' show that in **53** villages (out of 440) Arabs fled due to expulsion by Jewish forces.  It seems you have mis-cited Morris' work, exactly as he warned against.

&gt;I won't comment except to point out that you provide no evidence. But this doesn't address my point that the expulsions were not from purchased farmland but from houses and villages.

Huh? Evidence of what? Like I said, that was my guess.  If you are referring to population rather than land, there were about 500,000 Jews and 400,000 Arabs in the proposed Jewish state.. those figures are readily available.  If you have data about (Arab) land ownership I would like to hear it as it is very difficult to determine.  You are the one that kept making the claim that the (total, including uninhabited) land was only 9% Jewish, and therefore that Bored's first claim was only 9% true... whereas I believe it is more true than that.

As Morris shows (even in the numbers of his you cite), most of Arabs fled due to the circumstances of the 1948 war, not specifically due to Jewish expulsion.  Furthermore, I don't recall you making the distinction between expulsion from farmland and expulsion from houses... nor do I understand why you are trying to make this distinction now.  

&gt;Right, but that is what you are doing when insisting that the purchased land is the same as the land from which Pals were expelled.

Where did I insist that? I'm not sure what you're saying.

&gt;I looked at the numbers once, and came up with the figure that 85% were expelled. I could say "Remember, Hitler didn't kill all the Jews. 33% survived!" but I won't because citing the incompleteness of an atrocity is a transparently dishonest way of trying to minimize it.

The point was that I didn't explicitly state, but that you have missed, is that ethnic cleansing was not the goal of the newly formed state of Israel, as it was for the Nazis.  While it did happen in many villages, this, as Morris says, was not the overall reason for the Palestinian exodus.  Expulsions occurred in 53 villages.  There were atrocities.  But Morris' research and statements shows that, for the most part, Jewish expulsion of Arabs was not the reason for the Palestinian exodus.  Though expulsions did occur, rather the exodus occurred, as he says, "because of the flail of war".
Interesting that you mentioned the one tactic that doesn't work, but instead creates more resistance!!
It's called collective punishment and is a war crime under the hague convention.
Israel- guilty of this war crime about three thousand times over... look how it's working for them.. the more innocent civilians they slaughter, the greater and more organized the resistance becomes...

israel IS 60 years old you dumbass.
it was jewish for 73 years, then followed by over 1,300 years of arab rule or occupation, followed by 60 years of the U.N. recognized "state of israel".
Also of note- the original vote for recognizing that state was a resounding NO WAY IN HELL- so then the USA put extreme pressure on everyone that voted no, removing voters in some cases, threatening military action or economic actions in others..
it was then ramrodded through the UN as a yes vote, and the arabs immediately banded together and went to war.

I guess you aren't real smart when it comes to military strategy or history, but a book could cure that.

the age of the 60 year old nazi-style occupation of Israel is of note because so many stupid americans think it has always been this way- so it must be ok, and that israelis actually have a claim to the land they are illegally occupying, and don't even know about the arab holocaust they use american taxpayer funds to perpetrate.

They would rather like to believe that it's becuase all arabs are inherently evil, that's why there is problems in Israel- it's the arabs fault right??

DUHHHHHHHHHh. jesus christ.

Maybe you need to take a peek at turkey history a bit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arabs_in_Turkey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab_conquest_of_Armenia
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armenian_genocide

 or research who the ottoman empire was...
or perhaps comprehend when the british were there- it was all arab...sheesh.
your ignorance is extremely telling on this issue.
Or maybe since you can't read a pretty picture clears it up for you-

http://www.mapsofwar.com/ind/imperial-history.html
&gt; Most of Palestine's 700,000 "refugees" fled their homes because of the flail of war (and in the expectation that they would shortly return to their homes on the backs of victorious Arab invaders).

I saw this quote. I'm just pointing out that this one quote does  not jibe with the statistics.

&gt; The numbers you cite of Morris' show that in 53 villages (out of 440) Arabs fled due to expulsion by Jewish forces. 

**NO**. According to the article, expulsion is "when a Haganah/IDF/IZL/LHI unit entered or conquered a town or village and then ordered its inhabitants to leave". The larger number, 'attacks' are described thus:

&gt; ‘In general Haganah operational orders for attacks on towns did not call for the expulsion or eviction of the civilian population. But from early April, operational orders for attacks on villages and clusters of villages more often than not *called for the destruction of villages and, implicitly or explicitly, expulsion.’* Issuing expulsion orders was hardly necessary though, because ‘most villages were completely or almost completely empty by the time they were conquered’[153], *'the inhabitants usually fled with the approach of the advancing Jewish column or when the first mortar bombs began to hit their homes'[154].* The Giv’ati Brigade engaged in expulsions near Rehovot.

So 53 of 392 (not 440; my mistake; some are double-counted) fled because of explicit expulsion, but 215 were attacked by army with orders for expulsion. You're playing games by declining to count people who fled when being bombarded, rather than waiting for the bombard-ers to show up at their door and serve them with an expulsion order, in carbon triplicate.

&gt; You are the one that kept making the claim that the (total, including uninhabited) land was only 9% Jewish, and therefore that Bored's first claim was only 9% true... whereas I believe it is more true than that.

I am claiming that 9% of the land was purchased. My evidence is this [pro-Israel  site](http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/History/Arabs_in_Palestine.html) and a bit of math to convert acres into km^2.

&gt; By 1947, Jewish holdings in Palestine amounted to about 463,000 acres. Approximately 45,000 of these acres were acquired from the Mandatory Government; 30,000 were bought from various churches and 387,500 were purchased from Arabs.

You wrote:

&gt; Furthermore, I don't recall you making the distinction between expulsion from farmland and expulsion from houses... nor do I understand why you are trying to make this distinction now.

I am making this distinction because of what YOU claimed - that the two components of Bored's claim (purchase, expulsion) could refer to the *same land*. 


Next, you claim:

&gt; that ethnic cleansing was not the goal of the newly formed state of Israel, as it was for the Nazis. While it did happen in many villages, this, as Morris says, was not the overall reason for the Palestinian exodus. Expulsions occurred in 53 villages.

No, ethnic cleansing *was* the goal. [Morris says this, and he explicitly supports ethnic cleansing as necessary. Please, please, please read the interview.](http://www.logosjournal.com/morris.htm)

&gt; Are you saying that Ben-Gurion was personally responsible for a deliberate and systematic policy of mass expulsion?

&gt;[Morris]"From April 1948, Ben-Gurion is projecting a message of transfer. There is no explicit order of his in writing, there is no orderly comprehensive policy, but there is an atmosphere of [population] transfer. The transfer idea is in the air. The entire leadership understands that this is the idea. The officer corps understands what is required of them. Under Ben-Gurion, a consensus of transfer is created."

&gt; Ben-Gurion was a "transferist"?

&gt; [Morris] "Of course. Ben-Gurion was a transferist. He understood that there could be no Jewish state with a large and hostile Arab minority in its midst. There would be no such state. It would not be able to exist."

&gt; They perpetrated ethnic cleansing.

&gt; [Morris] There are circumstances in history that justify ethnic cleansing. I know that this term is completely negative in the discourse of the 21st century, but when the choice is between ethnic cleansing and genocide—the annihilation of your people—I prefer ethnic cleansing.

&gt; And that was the situation in 1948?

&gt; [Morris] That was the situation. That is what Zionism faced. A Jewish state would not have come into being without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians. Therefore it was necessary to uproot them. There was no choice but to expel that population. It was necessary to cleanse the hinterland and cleanse the border areas and cleanse the main roads. It was necessary to cleanse the villages from which our convoys and our settlements were fired on.
Your "1300" is arabs (and others) occupying jewish israel, it's been a jewish state for thousands of years. You really think jews gave it up for those 1300 years?

It's just that jews are realistic - you have a stronger power controlling the area, well it's theirs what are you going to do except keep the dream alive, and wait. The arabs whine.

There have been jews living in israel _continuously_ since the beginning of recorded history. Arabs are relative newcomers.
&gt;It's a non-coincidence because Israel represents 21,000 km^2, but the planet has 60 million km^2 of arable land, so the odds of modern Israel landing atop Biblical Israel, purely by chance, is 4 in 10,000.

So the land they had a long time ago is the same as the land they have today.  Shy do you assume the *cause* is biblical rather than demographic or otherwise?

&gt;But they believe in the true fact that the bible provides a connection to the land. You don't have to believe in the literal bible to believe that Israel is the original home of the Jews. Religion gives this objective fact importance.

If you don't believe in the bible then you don't believe in a biblical justification for the modern state of Israel.  What you seem to mention here is a historical justification, not a biblical one.  What I discussed was yet different, a demographic justification.

&gt;True, but mostly Ethiopian Jews, admitted in part to demographic considerations.

At least 500 refugees from Darfur.  While I agree it's not enough, credit where credit is due here.

&gt;Ah, but you fail to grasp my point.

No, I understand your point quite well, I just disagree that it is right.  See [another comment of mine](http://reddit.com/info/6j4xz/comments/c03zxgj) that explains my position on immigration.  You are correct that "*no culture will accept refugees if they threaten to overwhelm the culture*", but that doesn't make this sentiment right.

&gt;  Persecuted refugees came in, and then took over and kicked them out.

As we've established, for the most part, they were not expelled.
&gt; If you don't believe in the bible then you don't believe in a biblical justification for the modern state of Israel. 

What does 'believe in the bible mean?'  It can mean believe in the bible as a cultural and historical document with broad swaths of truth, while disbelieving the supernatural aspects. Hell, this is how I believe in the bible.  




&gt;&gt;Persecuted refugees came in, and then took over and kicked them out.

&gt;As we've established, for the most part, they were not expelled.

*As you imagine you've established.*

But I've [quoted Benny Morris](http://reddit.com/info/6k5uo/comments/c0439f2) saying that there was in fact a broad policy of ethnic cleansing, supported by Ben Gurion and understood by his officers.
&gt;I saw this quote. I'm just pointing out that this one quote does not jibe with the statistics.

Only because you have misunderstood the statistics.  In the other attacks on villages, as you quoted, " Issuing expulsion orders was hardly necessary though, because ‘most villages were completely or almost completely empty by the time they were conquered’[153], 'the inhabitants usually fled with the approach of the advancing Jewish column or when the first mortar bombs began to hit their homes'"

So the large number of attacks on villages you are disingenuous in claiming that these were expulsions, as they typically were not.  Morris went through the records and tried to find what happened in every village.  After doing so, he concluded "Most of Palestine's 700,000 "refugees" fled their homes because of the flail of war (and in the expectation that they would shortly return to their homes on the backs of victorious Arab invaders). But it is also true that there were several dozen sites, including Lydda and Ramla, from which Arab communities were expelled by Jewish troops."  In other words, the vast overarching reason for the Palestinian exodus, from the man who has probably studied it the best, village by village, was the "flail of war" and not a systematic expulsion by Jewish forces.  This is in the quote.  You cannot expel somebody that has already left, due to, as Morris puts it, the "flail of war".  We can talk about who should be blamed for the 1948 war, but you certainly cannot put all of the blame for the Arab-Israeli war on the Jewish side.  Both sides bare some responsibility.

You want to desperately hold on to the (discredited) traditional viewpoint of the Arabs, but the history does not agree with you.  There were expulsions.  This was not the overall reason for the majority of the exodus, as Morris shows.  You are just trying to ignore facts that are inconvenient for your bias, rather than incorporate these facts into a more realistic worldview.

&gt;I am claiming that 9% of the land was purchased. My evidence is this pro-Israel site and a bit of math to convert acres into km^2.

What percentage of the Arab land of Palestine was purchased?  Should the Negev desert have remained under British rule because nobody owned property there?

&gt;I am making this distinction because of what YOU claimed - that the two components of Bored's claim (purchase, expulsion) could refer to the same land.

Bored's "the land" perhaps referred to inhabited pre-1967 Israel.  I fail to see where the distinction between farmland and houses became relevant.  Some of "the land" (perhaps a majority) was purchased.  The rest was taken from the Palestinians when they fled during the 1948 war.

I have read the interview previously.  Morris believes there *wasn't enough* ethnic cleansing, and that things would have been better off today had there been more ethnic cleansing.  He's probably correct.
&gt; Morris went through the records and tried to find what happened in every village. After doing so, he concluded "Most of Palestine's 700,000 "refugees" fled their homes because of the flail of war

read carefully about what Morris said:

&gt; That was the situation. That is what Zionism faced. *A Jewish state would not have come into being without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians. Therefore it was necessary to uproot them. There was no choice but to expel that population.*

You are taking one sentence out of some unknown context to claim that there was no deliberate ethnic cleansing, then you ignore a long interview in full context in which he calls the uprooting and ethnic cleaning of 700k Pals a necessity, and says it was a policy encouraged at the highest levels.


&gt; Morris believes there wasn't enough ethnic cleansing,

Yes, he says 700,000 people were cleansed, and there should have been more.  You appear to count as ethnic cleansing only a personalized singing telegram style expulsion, where the expeller shows up at your door.  Morris more honestly considers bombarding a town with the intent of making its inhabitants flee a form of cleansing.
Why don't you bother to answer my questions?

&gt;[W]hy do you assume the cause is biblical rather than demographic or otherwise?

&gt;What does 'believe in the bible mean?

It should have read "believe the bible".  As I have shown you with a statistical survey, 2/3 of Israeli Jews have religious beliefs that preclude a belief in the biblical justification for the modern state of Israel (and by biblical justification I have meant the belief that God somehow gave or promised the land to the Jews).  If you are referring to a historical or cultural justification then you should say so, rather than confuse the issue with a document that describes magic.  If you don't believe the supernatural stuff then you don't believe the bible, you only believe the aspects of the bible that have been confirmed historically and archaeologically.

&gt;As you imagine you've established.

Actually, despite your misunderstanding, Benny Morris established that for the most part, they were not expelled.  I will quote again since you have so much trouble with it, and since you like to quote Benny Morris:

&gt;Most of Palestine's 700,000 "refugees" fled their homes because of the flail of war (and in the expectation that they would shortly return to their homes on the backs of victorious Arab invaders). But it is also true that there were several dozen sites, including Lydda and Ramla, from which Arab communities were expelled by Jewish troops.
It wasn't thievery. The land was either 1. Uninhabited 2. Sold to Whites 3. Lost fair and square in war. I mean what the hell? Do you think Indians were the first ones here? I'm sure there was another race before them or even animals before the Indians predecessors. Give the land back to the bacteria for goodness sake. Not to mention all the wars between Indians in which they 'stole' land from their fellow Indian. What difference does it make that the White man joined in and won?
Yep.  He says that it was necessary to uproot the Palestinians.

&gt;You are taking one sentence out of some unknown context to claim that there was no deliberate ethnic cleansing, 

Liar.  I have claimed no such thing.  Please pay attention.

Indeed ethnic cleansing was encouraged by the Israeli leadership.  But for the most part the Palestinians did not leave due to Jewish expulsions, they left due to the "flails of war".  Now if you want to blame the 1948 war solely on the Jews, then it is the case that the Jews are at fault for the expulsion of all 700,000 Palestinians.  But this war was no more the fault of the Jews than the fault of the Arabs, so this is why you would be incorrect.  They thought the Arabs would roll over the Jews and they could come back riding the Arab army, but it didn't work out that way.  Except for the cases Morris cites (a few dozen, as he says), the Palestinians did not leave because of Jewish expulsions.

Because so many people like you don't understand his position, so he summarizes it very succinctly because so many people have mis-cited him.

&gt;Most of Palestine's 700,000 "refugees" fled their homes because of the flail of war (and in the expectation that they would shortly return to their homes on the backs of victorious Arab invaders). But it is also true that there were several dozen sites, including Lydda and Ramla, from which Arab communities were expelled by Jewish troops.

Give. It. Up.
&gt; [W]hy do you assume the cause is biblical rather than demographic or otherwise?

Because it is just too much of a coincidence that this one particular rather small Jewish population center would become the New Land of Israel purely by chance, with no biblical overtones, just happening to overlap the Biblical Land of Israel.

&gt; Benny Morris established that for the most part, they were not expelled. I will quote again since you have so much trouble with it, and since you like to quote Benny Morris:

I'm aware of your quote, and I [even found the original letter](http://elderofziyon.blogspot.com/2008/02/benny-morris-letter-to-irish-times.html)

Morris seems to say different things for different audiences. The Irish letter directly contradicts his previous claim that 

&gt; A Jewish state would not have come into being without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians. Therefore it was necessary to uproot them. There was no choice but to expel that population. It was necessary to cleanse the hinterland and cleanse the border areas and cleanse the main roads. It was necessary to cleanse the villages from which our convoys and our settlements were fired on.

I sense two Morrises here. The defensive one for a European audience, who tilts his conclusions in one direction, and his more brutal and honest self in an Israeli paper.

Morris got a lot of flak for the Ha'aretz interview. Justifying ethnic cleansing isn't something civilized people do. 

Your claim is contained in one defensive letter, couched in general terms. The claims of ethnic cleansing are based on more specifics. One must at least admit that Irish Benny Morris directly contradicts Israeli Benny Morris.

Irish Benny Morris says:

&gt; there was no Zionist "plan" or blanket policy of evicting the Arab population, or of "ethnic cleansing"

But Israeli Benny Morris says:

&gt; "Of course. Ben-Gurion was a transferist. He understood that there could be no Jewish state with a large and hostile Arab minority in its midst. There would be no such state. It would not be able to exist." ... A Jewish state would not have come into being without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians. Therefore it was necessary to uproot them.

Irish Benny Morris might be made to agree with Israeli Benny Morris if we allow that there was no 'master policy', but instead an implicit play-it-by-ear policy approved by Ben Gurion.  

Israeli Benny Morris says, to paraphrase, that was no official expulsion policy, but, c'mon, everyone from Ben Gurion down knew it was about ethnic cleansing.  Irish Benny Morris is emphasizing that there was no official, printed expulsion policy, ignoring his earlier crystal clear pronouncements about an *implicit* ethnic cleansing policy.

How many acts of ethnic cleansing actually have an official imprimatur? Rwanda? Yugoslavia? Armenia? Don't think so. Always go for plausible deniability, and leave the dirty work to the guys at the bottom.
&gt; But for the most part the Palestinians did not leave due to Jewish expulsions, they left due to the "flails of war". 

Typical legalistic rubbish. 'Flails of war' meaning bombarding towns until the inhabitants conveniently (but unintentionally, so gotcha!) leave in terror, which you choose to define as not-ethnic-cleansing.

Which part of "Ben-Gurion was a transferist" do you not understand?

&gt; Give. It. Up.



If you can't be made to understand that lobbing shells at a village and then claiming innocence when the residents flee (as you wanted them to) is ethnic cleansing, I don't see how to get through your thick nationalistic hide, so I think that I *will* give it up.  

Go wrap yourself in a flag and feel good about your rhetorical cleverness.
&gt;Because it is just too much of a coincidence that this one particular rather small Jewish population center would become the New Land of Israel purely by chance, with no biblical overtones, just happening to overlap the Biblical Land of Israel.

Coincidence? Why? There were Jews there continuously for hundreds of years?  Eventually there were enough Jews in Palestine to fight for their own self-determination, and they won that right in the 1948 war.  There is no coincidence about it, there is no chance.  There is demographics.  The biblical (supernatural) reasons were part of the Zionist movement (which did not always believe in modern Israel as the new Zion), and there were demographic reasons that I have already discussed in detail.

&gt;Morris seems to say different things for different audiences. The Irish letter directly contradicts his previous claim that

No.  A Jewish state, as he says, would not exist without uprooting the 700,000 Palestinians.  In the quote you have here:

&gt;A Jewish state would not have come into being without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians. Therefore it was necessary to uproot them. There was no choice but to expel that population. It was necessary to cleanse the hinterland and cleanse the border areas and cleanse the main roads. It was necessary to cleanse the villages from which our convoys and our settlements were fired on.

that is what he is saying... Israel would not exist without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians.  The quote in the Irish letter does not contradict this, it addresses something different.  The quote in the Irish letter addresses the manner in which the 700,000 Palestinians were in fact uprooted.  By studying what happened in each village, Morris learned that while some were expelled, in dozens of villages, most fleed the "flails of war".  Would the Jews have forcefully expelled the Palestinians had they not fled the war? Maybe, maybe not, no one can really say because it just didn't happen that way.

&gt;Morris got a lot of flak for the Ha'aretz interview. Justifying ethnic cleansing isn't something civilized people do.

It is a difficult moral question that I don't know the answer to.  Is it appropriate to uproot and create refugees out of hundreds of thousands of people in order to (perhaps) save the lives of many more in future generations? I don't know but even if he is not "civilized", it is an important point to consider.

Furthermore, and I have purposely avoided bringing this up for a while as I don't want to conflate two different things, I think it is quite unfortunate, that while Israel absorbed nearly a million Mizrahi and Sephardic Jews fleeing persecution and murder in Arab lands, the Arab nations could not absorb the 700,000 Palestinian refugees (even with the Jewish money and property that was left behind in these Arab lands), and instead chose to let them stay refugees.  Certainly the Jews were not the only ones perpetrating ethnic cleansing, they were merely less successful, which is why we still talk about it today.  Morris contends that if the ethnic cleansing had been more successful, then things may not be as bad as they are today.
Again, Morris concludes that most of the Palestinians left due to the war, and not specifically Jewish expulsions.  This is not legalistic but a real distinction.  The reason this is an important distinction is because the war was, I contend, more due to the agressions of the Arabs than the Jews.  The fact is the Jews were happier with the partition plan than the Arabs.  While there where exceptions (notably Begin's Irgun), Jews were accepting overall of this plan.  The Arabs were not at all and were the chief aggressors in many ways.  If it had been a war of aggression perpetrated solely by the Jews, then I would agree with you, that fleeing due to the war (a shell going off in your village) and being expelled (by an IDF soldier at gunpoint) is not any sort of distinction.  But the fact of the matter is that you cannot solely blame the Jews for the 1948 war (and I certainly blame the Arabs much more).  Therefore when the Palestinians had to flee due to attacks or pending attacks on their towns (or because they were asked to by Arab nations), the Arabs take a great share of this responsibility for engaging in a war with the Jews.  The Arabs were (also) culpable in these cases when the Palestinians left their homes.  But in cases of the IDF showing up and taking over a village expelling all the Palestinian residents, I think the blame rests more directly with the Israelis.
oh yeah well please point out all the other ones.
I am simply amazed by these legalistic arguments. What was the *intent* of the attacks on the villages? To defuse a specific military threat emanating from the town? Or, to use Morris' term, to destroy the town?

Driving a populace out of a town with shellfire *and then not allowing them back* is ethnic cleansing.  Obtaining plausible deniability under the cover of military action does not give you a get out of jail card.  

If you drive a population out without intending to do so, it *may* be the result of legitimate military action.  But when you don't let them return for demographic reasons, it becomes ethnic cleansing. Ethnic cleansing is the act of ridding oneself of an undesired population through coercion or force; the precise machinery is less important than the intent and the final result.  



Using your legalisms, we could argue away just about any ethnic cleansing that ever happened.  Example: *In Kosovo, Milosevic drove out the Albanians in a campaign to defeat the rebels. 
 Oh, and then (oopsie-doopsie!) he didn't let them return from Macedonia, but that's not ethnic cleansing, because of the military thing.*

&gt; The fact is the Jews were happier with the partition plan than the Arabs. While there where exceptions (notably Begin's Irgun), Jews were accepting overall of this plan.

A quick search on Ben Gurion quotes [finds plenty of statements](http://www.palestineremembered.com/Acre/Famous-Zionist-Quotes/Story694.html) about the desirability of transfer a decade before the war. The war was a trigger for long-standing desires to get rid of the Pals, not a cause.

One of many, many similar quotes, generally in books by Israeli historians:

&gt; "[Ben Gurion, 1937] The compulsory transfer of the [Palestinian] Arabs from the valleys of the proposed Jewish state could give us something which we never had, even when we stood on our own during the days of the first and second Temples. . . We are given an opportunity which we never dared to dream of in our wildest imaginings. This is MORE than a state, government and sovereignty----this is national consolidation in a free homeland." (Righteous Victims, p. 142)

And the leadership's commitment to the partition is insincere, to put it politely:

&gt; [Ben Gurion] "Before the founding of the state, on the eve of its creation, our main interests was self-defense. To a large extent, the creation of the state was an act of self-defense. . . . Many think that we're still at the same stage. *But now the issue at hand is conquest, not self-defense. As for setting the borders--- it's an open-ended matter.* In the Bible as well as in our history, there all kinds of definitions of the country's borders, so there's no real limit. No border is absolute. If it's a desert--- it could just as well be the other side. If it's sea, it could also be across the sea. The world has always been this way. Only the terms have changed. If they should find a way of reaching other stars, well then, perhaps the whole earth will no longer suffice." (1949, The First Israelis, p. 6)
&gt; that is what [Morris] is saying... Israel would not exist without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians. The quote in the Irish letter does not contradict this, it addresses something different. The quote in the Irish letter addresses the manner in which the 700,000 Palestinians were in fact uprooted.

In the same interview Morris says:

&gt; Of course. Ben-Gurion was a transferist.  ... Ben-Gurion was right. *If he had not done what he did, a state would not have come into being. That has to be clear.* It is impossible to evade it. Without the uprooting of the Palestinians, a Jewish state would not have arisen here.

So Morris is saying not only that transfer was necessary, but that *transfer took place* ("If he had not done what he did"). Your interpretation that Morris is saying that transfer was necessary but didn't happen because the "flail of war" performed the displacement instead is belied by the Morris' claims that

1. Ben Gurion was a transferist (a term synonymous with ethnic cleanser in this interview)

2. That transfer of 700,000 was necessary

3. That Ben Gurion *did* the transfer. Not wished, not pondered, but *did*. Morris says the transfer was *done*. Transfer was not a theoretical necessity that was rendered superfluous by the events of war, but it was an *act* of Ben Gurion, and it was a crucial act.

Or how about this:

&gt; [Morris]There was *no choice but to expel* that population. It was *necessary to cleanse the hinterland and cleanse the border areas and cleanse the main roads.* It was necessary to cleanse the villages from which our convoys and our settlements were fired on.

&gt; [Shavit] *The term “to cleanse” is terrible.*

&gt; [Morris] I know it doesn’t sound nice but *that’s the term they used at the time. I adopted it from all the 1948 documents in which I am immersed.*

Morris had plenty of opportunities to say what you claim he is saying - that the need for cleansing was obviated by the 'flails of war' in his interview - but he never said it. 

Again, in his words the cleansing is not a theoretical necessity obviated by other events war, but a real act, described in real documents.  "It *was* necessary to cleanse" not "It *would have been* necessary to cleanse".  Indicative, not subjunctive.  Acts, not possibilities.
Again, you are not addressing the issue at hand.  700,000 Palestinians were displaced in the 1948 war.  I have never argued against this fact, and I think I even brought it up if I recall correctly.  The issue at hand is *how* and *why* and who bears the *responsibility* for the Palestinian refugees.  Nothing you have said contradicts the quote of mine you begin with.  You were confused about the two different issues Morris was addressing and you did not understand the distinction.

&gt; So Morris is saying not only that transfer was necessary, but that transfer took place ("If he had not done what he did"). Your interpretation that Morris is saying that transfer was necessary but didn't happen because the "flail of war" performed the displacement instead ...

I do not dispute that there were 700,000 Palestinian refugees.  Nor do I dispute that Morris believes that both transfer was necessary and that "transfer" took place (though he does say "There was no Zionist 'plan' or blanket policy of evicting the Arab population, or of 'ethnic cleansing'."), in that the Palestinians had to flee due to a war instigated by the Arabs.  There is certainly a good chance that Ben-Gurion was a transferist (and some reason to believe not as well).  There is much debate about the "transfer" idea, and how much it was supported and desired before 1948, but that is not the issue.  The issue is how the refugees became refugees and who is responsible.  Ben-Gurion may have wanted transfer prior to the war, but I don't see how it would have been possible without the Arab aggression.  Yes, this may have given the Zionist transferists (if they existed in the high leadership) what they wanted, but the Arab nations bear responsibility for instigating the war that drove most of the Palestinians out.  After the Arabs attacked I don't see how Israel would have been able to *not* transfer, as it was a necessary military action to counter the pan-Arab assault and secure area in the Jewish state.  Military considerations (that the Arabs brought about), rather than demographic considerations, led to the expulsion of the Palestinians to a large degree.

Again, the Arabs were not willing to accept the borders, so the Arab aggression gave Ben-Gurion the opportunity for expansion of the Jewish state to Jerusalem.  Even the largest expulsion that occurred, the ones that Morris mentions in his interview in Ramle and Lydde, were necessary for the IDF to control the Jerusalem-Tel Aviv road, an area of the heaviest fighting in the 1948 war.  Of course, a couple months prior, the Jordanians expelled all the Jews from the Old City and Jewish Quarters of Jerusalem.  So again, whether or not Ben-Gurion and other Zionists wanted to transfer the Palestinians out prior to 1948 is not relevant, as the Arabs gave the Israelis legitimate military reason to expel the Arab population.  What actually happened is what matters here, not what Ben-Gurion or anybody else possibly believed.
&gt;I am simply amazed by these legalistic arguments. What was the intent of the attacks on the villages? To defuse a specific military threat emanating from the town? Or, to use Morris' term, to destroy the town?

What legalistic arguments?  You keep using the term without understanding the arguments apparently.  Did the Palestinians leave because they were expelled at gunpoint by the IDF? Yes, in the cases of dozens of villages.  More often, as I have said and you have conceded, the Palestinians left because they were in the midst of a war initiated by the Arab nations.  That war, to a large degree, still continues to this day.

You keep saying that there was ethnic cleansing and so does Benny Morris and I never disagreed, yet you are still trying to convince me that there was ethnic cleansing?  And in answer to your questions, in some cases the former and in other cases the latter.  The exodus of 700,000 Palestinians from Israel was ethnic cleansing.  I don't dispute that and I think I even brought it up.  You keep asserting this is ethnic cleansing but that is not what the discussion is even about.  The discussion has always been about **how it occurred**!!  Did the Arab leadership tell the Palestinians to leave their homes? Yes, in some cases.  Did the IDF forcibly remove the Palestinians from their homes at gunpoint? Yes, in the case of dozens of villages.  Did the Palestinians flee violence from an Arab initiated war?  In most cases, yes.  This is the what Benny Morris has found and stated rather unambiguously.  Thus the "machinery" of ethnic cleansing is quite essential to the discussion, as it sheds light on who is ultimately *responsible*.  Had the Arab nations not attacked Israel in 1948, would 700,000 Palestinians have had to flee a warzone?  Who knows, that's an alternate history, but I highly doubt it.

&gt;Driving a populace out of a town with shellfire and then not allowing them back is ethnic cleansing

Indeed.  So are you saying the Israelis should allow the Palestinians back into Israel?  Right of return, eh? And the Arab nations that expelled even more Jews should let them return?  No matter that many of these countries are still essentially at war (not always a "hot" war) with Israel... they should just invite their enemies, those that want to destroy their country, back into their borders?

The exodus of 850,000 Jews from Arab lands, though not *directly* connected, was also an ethnic cleansing that took place as a result of events surrounding the creation of Israel.  It was mostly Israel that resettled these refugees.  Given the property they left behind in Egypt, Iraq, Morocco, Syria, Yemen, Tunisia, etc., which was billions of dollars and 100,000 km^2 of land, four times the size of Israel, it's amazing that the Arabs did not help the Palestinians they completely fucked over to resettle.  Do you argue that the Jews expelled from Arab lands are entitled to return and claim the property that was taken from them (this is what UN resolution 194 allows for, but has not been held up by any side)?

Yep.  I agree Ben-Gurion wanted a Jewish state.  The Partition Plan and the subsequent Arab aggression (and their poor military showing) made this possible.  And in the next quote he says the issue turned to conquest rather than self-defense *after the Arab nations tried to conquer Israel*?  How damning... the Arabs didn't accept the borders and tried to destroy Israel, but somehow it is wrong for Israel to try to set the borders *after the Arabs did not accept the borders*?

So what was your point?
&gt; The issue at hand is how and why and who bears the responsibility for the Palestinian refugees.

Yes.

&gt; You were confused about the two different issues Morris was addressing and you did not understand the distinction.

No, I understand. And I understand *you* as a historical denier. I now have first hand experience with dealing with a denier. Thank you. I now know better what makes you people tick.


&gt; Nor do I dispute that Morris believes that both transfer was necessary and that "transfer" took place (though he does say "There was no Zionist 'plan' or blanket policy of evicting the Arab population, or of 'ethnic cleansing'."),

He says different things, in different sources. *That's* a major point of mine.

&gt; After the Arabs attacked I don't see how Israel would have been able to not transfer, as it was a necessary military action to counter the pan-Arab assault and secure area in the Jewish state.

You say this. But is unclear how bombarding civilian villages helps. Attacking armies, yes, attacking villages, dubious.

&gt; So again, whether or not Ben-Gurion and other Zionists wanted to transfer the Palestinians out prior to 1948 is not relevant ...

The fact that they *wanted* to do makes one examine their actions more critically.

But you ignore the major point: Morris says that Ben Gurion *did* (*DID*!) engage in decisive deliberate ethnic cleansing. The desire is established by a long line of quotes, but Morris is speaking of *decisive, major* ethnic cleansing, in clear contrast to his Irish Times letter:

Once again:

&gt; [Morris] Of course. **Ben-Gurion was a transferist. ... Ben-Gurion was right. If he had not done what he did**, a state would not have come into being. That has to be clear. It is impossible to evade it. Without the uprooting of the Palestinians, a Jewish state would not have arisen here.

So what was it that Ben Gurion "did" if not engage in decisively major ethnic cleansing (rather than causing mere "fleeing" due to the "flail of war")?  How do you explain Morris' statement, his connection of BG's transferism with his acts?

You continually ignore the verbs Morris uses. Ben Gurion *did* something related to his ethnic cleansing proclivities. 

You ignore the fact that Morris says

&gt; [Morris]There was no choice but to expel that population. It *was* necessary to cleanse the hinterland and cleanse the border areas and cleanse the main roads. It *was* necessary to cleanse the villages from which our convoys and our settlements were fired on.

"Was necessary." Not "would have been necessary, if the Palestinians had not fled".  Acts, not potential acts. No subjunctive here when discussing cleansing. It's all indicative.
&gt; Did the Palestinians flee violence from an Arab initiated war? In most cases, yes. 

And this is when you start engaging in what might call historical denial. Arab villagers fled from deliberate military attacks on their villages, designed to destroy the villages, as part an implicit policy of driving them out.

They didn't flee a "war". They fled an army that was blasting their homes, with the intent of making them go away, forever.

&gt; The exodus of 700,000 Palestinians from Israel was ethnic cleansing.  .... You keep asserting this is ethnic cleansing but that is not what the discussion is even about.

This is the first time you have admitted that the expulsion of 700,000 Palestinians (not some subset) is ethnic cleansing. 

Before [you wrote](http://reddit.com/info/6k5uo/comments/c04393u)

&gt; ... ethnic cleansing was not the goal of the newly formed state of Israel, as it was for the Nazis. While it did happen in many villages, this, as Morris says, was not the overall reason for the Palestinian exodus.

Now you're saying that ethnic cleansing *is* a description of what happened to 700,000 Pals, but before you were saying that it was just a minority of cases. 

&gt; Indeed. So are you saying the Israelis should allow the Palestinians back into Israel? Right of return, eh? 

No, I'm not saying this. Utterly impracticable. But keep beating off to your carefully constructed nationalistic strawman.  Keep putting words into my mouth. Your level of rhetorical honesty may be low, but at least it is unwavering.

&gt; So what was your point?

That historical honesty has a value in its own right.

That the expulsion of the Pals was not so much a direct reaction to the war, but an opportunity to unleash a long pent-up desire to cleanse the Pals and make a predominantly monoethnic state.

And that people who try to whitewash this by blaming the victims - people whose crime was mostly to live in the wrong place at the wrong time, on land someone else wanted - are a peculiarly vile ilk we know well from other historical situations. 

Have you considered applying for the David Irving prize of historical analysis?
&gt;And I understand you as a historical denier. I now have first hand experience with dealing with a denier. Thank you. I now know better what makes you people tick.

How so?  Care to try to justify your outrageous claims?

&gt;He says different things, in different sources. That's a major point of mine.

Different things in different sources, yes.  Contradictory things in different sources? Not that you have shown.

You continue to ignore the demonstrated Arab responsibility for the Palestinian exodus, despite much evidence.  Why can't you think more deeply about this than the tired and discredited standard Arab line?

&gt;After the Arabs attacked I don't see how Israel would have been able to not transfer, as it was a necessary military action to counter the pan-Arab assault and secure area in the Jewish state.

&gt;You say this. But is unclear how bombarding civilian villages helps. Attacking armies, yes, attacking villages, dubious.

Ah, but you're not reading my comments (you haven't been responding to them, at least not in full, to many of the points I make, why should I expect you're fully reading them?).  As I said:

&gt; Even the largest expulsion that occurred, the ones that Morris mentions in his interview in Ramle and Lydde, were necessary for the IDF to control the Jerusalem-Tel Aviv road [and surrounding area], an area of the heaviest fighting in the 1948 war.

Are you honestly so inept that you don't understand why taking these villages was necessary? Or are you just being obtuse?  Attacks were being launched on Tel Aviv from these nearby towns.  Once the Jews controlled these towns the Arabs could not launch attacks on Tel Aviv from them any more.  Are you saying you think the Jews should have let the people attacking them in Tel Aviv (and those assisting and sympathetic) stay 10 miles away so that they could continue attacking Tel Aviv? Or should I type slower?  I guess taking these villages was "dubious" if you were hoping the Jews would get pushed into the sea though.

Furthermore, as I said "a couple months prior, the Jordanians expelled all the Jews from the Old City and Jewish Quarters of Jerusalem" and there was still fighting in Jerusalem (in fact all along the Tel Aviv - Jerusalem corridor there was heavy fighting).  The main objective of the capture of the towns around Tel Aviv was to remove the threat to Tel Aviv and relieve Jewish forces in Jerusalem, attempt to eventually liberate Jerusalem from Jordanian control, as well as capture the airport in Lydda.

Your major, root misunderstanding is to assume these were "civilian villages".  Lydda was controlled by the Jordanian army, the local Palestinian militas and the Arab Liberation Army.  The villagers of Lydda were in fact the enemy of the Jews in Tel Aviv and supported the Arab and Palestinian armies and were part of the milita, thus the expulsion was strategically necessary for the Israelis.  As Morris publicized though, the expulsion was unnecessarily brutal.  This is one of Morris' major contributions to the discussion.  He looks at *how* the Palestinians were expelled.

As I have shown, this "ethnic cleansing" was strategically and militarily necessary.  So it does not matter if Ben-Gurion (or anybody else) was a transferist  with regard to this situation.  Thanks to the Arab aggression, the expulsion of the Palestinians was a military necessity here, not a demographic desire.
&gt; Your major, root misunderstanding is to assume these were "civilian villages"

All 392 of them? Rather than the handful you mention?

&gt; Thanks to the Arab aggression, the expulsion of the Palestinians was a military necessity here, not a demographic desire.

You conflate the military population with the civilian population, as do all ethnic cleansers.  In any civilian population, enemy or not, the vast majority are passive non-actors. You must artificially turn every farmer and shopkeeper and four year old girl into a threat, to justify getting rid of them. But they are a threat only in the demographic sense. And you ignore the possibility of allowing the civilians back (sans Jordanian military).  Short term military necessity provided the excuse for a long simmering demographic lust for expulsion.

&gt; I guess taking these villages was "dubious" if you were hoping the Jews would get pushed into the sea though.

I understand the necessity of "taking" villages. I don't understand driving the villagers off. In most European wars, occupation sufficed, and any cleansing was an act of wrath. 

I read Ben Gurion's old quotes c.1937 about how he wanted to drive the Pals out.  And, lo, he did so, but you say it was borne of military necessity (hated to do it! pip, pip!).

Sorry, dude, this is plain old historical revisionism of the worst sort. But keep going. It's good to learn a bit of your ilk.
&gt;They didn't flee a "war". They fled an army that was blasting their homes, with the intent of making them go away, forever.

After lies like this you have no business accusing me of "historical denial".  My case has been made.  Yours has not.

&gt;Arab villagers fled from deliberate military attacks on their villages, designed to destroy the villages, as part an implicit policy of driving them out.

You ignore the calls by Arab nations for the Palestinians to leave.  More historical denial on your part.  You ignore the fact that the villagers were often part of militias and were hostile to the Israelis, and that furthermore, these villages were often controlled by Arab armies.  How do you attack an Arab army that is controlling a village without creating a situation in which the actual civilians must flee for their safety?  More denial on your part.  As Morris, who actually studied what happened in each village, states "Most of Palestine's 700,000 'refugees' fled their homes because of the flail of war (and in the expectation that they would shortly return to their homes on the backs of victorious Arab invaders)."  He finds that in most cases there was a military assault on the village, not an expulsion by Jewish forces.  A military assault on the village was part of the war.  There was a strategic need to take these villages in cases I have cited previously.  This strategic need was created by Arab attacks.  So I am very confused as to why you put "war" in quotes.  Do you disbelieve there was an Arab-Israeli war in 1948? More denial on your part I guess.

&gt;This is the first time you have admitted that the expulsion of 700,000 Palestinians (not some subset) is ethnic cleansing.

No, I have always stated that, where ethnic cleansing means that where there were 700,000 Palestinians there are not anymore as they were displaced.

&gt;Now you're saying that ethnic cleansing is a description of what happened to 700,000 Pals, but before you were saying that it was just a minority of cases.

Nope, ethnic cleansing is a description of what happened to the 700,000 displaced Palestinians.  When I said

&gt;... ethnic cleansing was not the goal of the newly formed state of Israel, as it was for the Nazis. While it did happen in many villages, this, as Morris says, was not the overall reason for the Palestinian exodus.

the "it" referred to expulsion, not ethnic cleansing.  Sorry to use language ambiguously.  A minority of the Palestinians were *expelled*.

&gt;That historical honesty has a value in its own right.

Then why aren't you practicing historical honesty?

&gt;That the expulsion of the Pals was not so much a direct reaction to the war

Yet you do not give evidence of this, where I (and Benny Morris) have given tons to the contrary.

&gt;but an opportunity to unleash a long pent-up desire to cleanse the Pals and make a predominantly monoethnic state.

Possibly, but this is irrelevant as the Arabs did not accept the partition plan borders and attacked the Jews.  At that point all bets were off as far as setting the borders of the Jewish and Arab states went.  I am sure many Zionists were happy to create a monoethnic state, but the Arab aggresion set the Palestinian exodus in motion.
&gt;All 392 of them? Rather than the handful you mention?

You're the one that made the assumption, not me.  I gave you historical fact about key villages that were Arab controlled that launched attacks on Tel Aviv.  Local Palestinian militias were in many of these villages, yes.  Arab armies were all over, so yes.

&gt;You conflate the military population with the civilian population, as do all ethnic cleansers. In any civilian population, enemy or not, the vast majority are passive non-actors.

Not so much in this situation.  The women and children perhaps, but when the actors on both sides are fighting for their homes, their families, their country, a civilian is rare and virtually all will help the war effort somehow.  This was not a war of luxury for either side.  Your statement is only true for wars of luxury.

&gt;I understand the necessity of "taking" villages. I don't understand driving the villagers off.

You say you understand the necessity of 'taking' villages.  The villagers left before the Israelis even arrived in many situations: "‘Palestinian leaders and commanders struggled against [the exodus]’ but in many cases encouraged evacuation of women children and old people out of harms way and in some cases ordered villages to evacuate." and "'The Arab evacuees from the towns and villages left largely because of Jewish […] attacks or fear of impending attack, and from a sense of vulnerability.'[144]. According to Morris expulsions were ‘almost insignificant’ and ‘many more left as a result of orders or advice from Arab military commanders and officials’ to safer areas within the country."

Most of the Palestinians were not expelled, as Morris shows (only those in 53 villages).  Most were fleeing the war.  Most did not want to stick around for a violent battle to take control of the village and left before this happened.

Sorry to have to deconstruct your prejudice and misconceptions with actual evidence.  I can tell how much it pains you but in the end this is good for your ignorance.
&gt;&gt;They didn't flee a "war". They fled an army that was blasting their homes, with the intent of making them go away, forever.

&gt;After lies like this you have no business accusing me of "historical denial".

Lies? Really? I think you're the one lying here:

Morris: "In general Haganah operational orders for attacks on towns did not call for the expulsion or eviction of the civilian population. *But from early April, operational orders for attacks on villages and clusters of villages more often than not called for the destruction of villages and, implicitly or explicitly, expulsion.’* "

&gt; You ignore the calls by Arab nations for the Palestinians to leave. More historical denial on your part. 

Really? Morris claims, in his grand tally, that these Arab calls for flight caused 6 of 392 villages to be abandoned.  That's 1.5%.  Hardly significant, no?

&gt; "it" referred to expulsion, not ethnic cleansing. Sorry to use language ambiguously. A minority of the Palestinians were expelled.

Ah, this is where your language is peculiarly  dishonest. In his interview, ethnic cleansing, expulsion, and transferism are more or less synonymous.  This is abundantly clear in the Haaretz interview.

Most of your references to Morris hinge on one defensive letter to an Irish paper, but you ignore a much richer Haaretz interview in which Benny Morris says that Ben Gurion was a transferist, synonymous with ethnic cleanser, and attributes the survival of Israel to what he "did" with these transferist tendencies.

Your distinction between 'ethnic cleansing' and 'expulsion' is peculiar, and dishonest.  But, for the sake of argument, *I will grant it*, and will once more quote Benny Morris in his interview, where the world 'expulsion' is used explicitly:

&gt; [Shavit] What you are telling me here, as though by the way, is that in Operation Hiram there was a comprehensive and explicit **expulsion order**. Is that right?

&gt; [Morris] **Yes.** One of the revelations in the book is that on October 31, 1948, the commander of the Northern Front, Moshe Carmel, issued an order in writing to his units to expedite the removal of the Arab population. Carmel took this action immediately after a visit by Ben-Gurion to the Northern Command in Nazareth. There is no doubt in my mind that this order originated with Ben-Gurion.

Now [this article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Deportations_of_the_Hiram_Operation:_Correcting_a_Mistake) deals with Morris' scholarship concerning Operation Hiram:

&gt; That is the focal point of Benny Morris' article *The Deportations of the Hiram Operation: Correcting a Mistake*. According to Morris himself, his mistake was to believe what Major General Carmel and others told him—that no deportation order was issued during Operation Hiram. Because of the cable mentioned above, he found himself obliged to correct his book The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem, 1947-1948 with this article.

Now operation Hiram was meant to clear the densely populated north, and generated 200 to 220 thousand of the Pal refugees. So this one operation alone, generating a third of the refugees, according to Morris, was driven by an explicit *expulsion* order, precisely what you said did not happen on a large scale.  Not just oopsie-cleansing. Not fleeing. But a comprehensive high level order for expulsion.

The fact that this many refugees were cleared *under an proven expulsion order* in *one verifiable operation* makes one deeply suspect your claim that "A minority of the Palestinians were expelled."

You could argue that 220,000 is still a minority of 700,000, I suppose, and still maintain your distinction between cleansing and expulsion, but your case is becoming increasing untenable, since this demonstrates a strong will and proclivity to mass expulsion. One would have suspend all disbelief to think that the remaining 480,000 simply fled the war.  And Morris' April orders for "destruction of villages" with "implicit or explicit expulsion orders" came well before 
the October 13 "expulsion orders" of Hiram, providing a 7 month window for the razing of villages before the demonstrated printed-in-carbon-triplicate expulsion orders of Hiram.

And a *single telegram* changed the interpretation of Hiram from one of flight to one of expulsion. One document changed the meaning of the plight of 200,000 Pals. How many more such embarrassing documents lurk in the archives?
&gt; Not so much in this situation. The women and children perhaps, ...

Oh, how generous of you, to admit that 'perhaps' a 3 year old girl is a non-combatant.

&gt; Most of the Palestinians were not expelled, as Morris shows (only those in 53 villages).

As I've written, Operation Hiram was backed by an explicit expulsion order, and resulted in 200,000 refugees.  Those who were merely 'fleeing' were fleeing  an army seeking to expel them anyway, and often carrying out massacres in those villages it managed to find occupied.  If this isn't expulsion, you are delusional.

You distinction between 'expulsion' and 'fleeing' is very strange, particularly in this case, where there was an expulsion order. Very strange. Fantastical, I'd say.
You must be an extremely ignorant person. Yes they gave it up for more than 1300 years, they had no choice. They were busy getting their asses kicked by all the regional powers and expelled on a regular basis. They only controlled the area for a very short time during antiquity. And the Palestinians are just the arabised descendendants of the people that have lived there since ancient times. They are in many ways more 'Jewish' than the recent European migrants.
Nobody really objectively "owns" anything. Ownership is a figment of our imagination.
He was pointing out that fact that you are egregiously engaging in the is-ought fallacy. That is not really a good justification for Israel's existence.
Who doesn't live in land that originally belonged to someone else?
So if getting expelled is OK by you, lets do the same to the palestinians. Why if jews get expelled - sorry you lost your country, but if arabs gets expelled you'll yell and scream.

And they are not the "arabised descendendants of the people that have lived there since ancient times" they are immigrants from nearby countries.

And jews controlled the area for many thousands of years.
Where did I imply that the Jewish expulsion were "ok"? If you want to have a mature discussion on this subject I highly suggest that you firstly stop stuffing words in my mouth and instead make an honest attempt to understand what is *actually* being said. The Jewish expulsions are a historical fact, I tend to think that passing moral judgements on such ancient historical details is a tad idiotic. Your second claim is patently disproven by historical and genetic evidence. The Arab forces conquering the rest of the middle east after Mohammed's death merely displaced the ruling elite of the societies they took over, the rest of the population gradually adopted the Arabic language religion and customs over time. Genetic evidence also demonstrates that the the closest cousins of the Jewish people are Palestinian Arabs (and kurds). Your claim that they are immigrants from nearby countries is, as far as I can tell, not born out of the actual evidence.  Your last claim is also clearly false. The Jews only "controlled" the region for a short period around the 1st millenium bc before being conquered by the Assyrians. They did not really ever control the region again until 1948. While I find your tenuous grasp on historical reality mildly amusing I think you owe it to yourself to read proper scholarly sources on this subject instead of the brainless zionist historical misinformation and revision you have obviously been overwhelmingly fed to date.
Aboriginies in australia.
Native americans in america.
Polynesians in Hawaii.
etc... etc... etc... 

although there is some loose talk the polynesians killed the meneheune to take over the islands- they are thought to be a tribe of pygmies.

The other blatantly obvious thing you missed in compiling your logic is there was no international law back then- and there sure as hell was when the invasion of palestine started.The USA just pressured everyone into voting yes, and since the arabs sided with hitler out of frustration for british occupation of their lands.. a lot of people didn't mind sticking it to them.
But.. it was still extremely wrong and illegal. And still is to this day.
It's especially sad that modern man acts no different than columbus against the arawaks.
How many times do I have to repeat that I AM NOT LOOKING for a justification for Israel's existence.
Well, no. You're arguing that Palestinians *should* stop moping about their former homelands because Israel *exists* in its place now. That is still an 'is-ought' non-sequitur. It tells us more about your mindset and agenda than anything else,

I support Israel's right to exist (they really should go back to the UN mandated '48 borders though) but shit, at least let the Pals' grieve over their loss. You've taken away nearly everything else for them.
The Native American tribes came in waves. so of course later waves would displace the oringal waves.  

oh, and I'm not talking about palestine.  Couldn't care less.  I'm talking about north america,  I should have made that more clear.
YOU SHOWED ME. 

Now you shut up.
Well I suppose this is why we source images :/ 

Fair enough, I retract my insistance on them being Turks, and reside in my doubts that they are Palestinians at all instead.
point being many turks are arab. duh.
plus if you revisit your evidence, half of those guys are a deep brown.

Summary:
"It *was* necessary to cleanse" not "It *would have been* necessary to cleanse".
Right... we are what we are, and Israel is what it is.
Arabs and Jews lived in Palestine.
Jewish is not an ethnicity.
I have claimed no such thing.
They won the land in a war.
&gt; do any of those people look Arab to you?
I don't know where you're from.
&gt; The exodus of 700,000 Palestinians from Israel was ethnic cleansing.
There would be no such state.
So are you saying the Israelis should allow the Palestinians back into Israel?
I think it is much more true.
I don't know what 'native' means.
all of the land with a Jewish majority in 1948?
do any of those people look Arab to you?
Would the Jews have forcefully expelled the Palestinians had they not fled the war?
The exodus of 700,000 Palestinians from Israel was ethnic cleansing.
&gt; So what was your point?
The original claim was:

&gt; Israelies bought **the** land off of the Palestinians, not kick them out.
I am claiming that 9% of the land was purchased.
This is the reason there are Arabs in "Palestine" *at all*.
It's not about when you got the land; it's about *how* you got it.
Are you trying to say that Arab Palestinians should not have the right to return to Israel?
not many people hate Jews for being Jewish.
&gt; Remember further, that not all the Arab Palestinians were expelled during the war.
read a book, read a book, read a motherfucking book.
They would say *how much* land, or at least say "some land".
&gt; that is what [Morris] is saying... Israel would not exist without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians.
you can't be in Israel as a jew and support palestine.
&gt; What was "the land" that Bored was referring to?
The Israelis (Jewish Palestinians) did buy land from the Arab Palestinians.
Jordanians took land from Arab and Jewish Palestinians as well.
&gt; "it" referred to expulsion, not ethnic cleansing.
I think this is a better interpretation of "the land", as Bored says that the "Israelies ... [did] not kick [the Palestinians] out."
and just like the ashkenazis have some claim to that land???
The original post was:

&gt; Israelies bought the land off of the Palestinians, not kick them out.
I agree Ben-Gurion wanted a Jewish state.
Look, some Israelis really want the land.
They don't even look palestinian.
Remember further, that not all the Arab Palestinians were expelled during the war.
that is what he is saying... Israel would not exist without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians.
The large number of Jews in Palestine in 1948?
so, does that make me a native?
I mean it, I've been there.
If they could go to the U.S., they did, and if they could go to Palestine, they did.
The Palestinians can't actually have a state while under occupation.
Who has a "right" to the land?
So what was your point?
I do not dispute that there were 700,000 Palestinian refugees.
So what was "the land" the Bored was referring to?
So you're saying the Israelites (Jews) are native to Palestine?
It won't be a Jewish state.
A Jewish state, as he says, would not exist without uprooting the 700,000 Palestinians.
What was "the land" that Bored was referring to?
Well, that was my point.
point being many turks are arab.
jews are not native to any nation.
the "it" referred to expulsion, not ethnic cleansing.
&gt; I think there is much truth to Bored's first statement.
So what was all "the land" under discussion?
A quarter of the population of Israel are Palestinian arabs.
The problem is that the territory of Israel is Palestine.
and I quote:
"What are you talking about?
I don't understand driving the villagers off.
it was arab land for many, many, many centuries.
There's no point in arguing with these people.
I am the one always claiming jews are not a race and that Palestinians are semites.
And the Arab nations that expelled even more Jews should let them return?
Not "would have been necessary, if the Palestinians had not fled".
What are these "Palestinian Territories?"
Like I said, that was my guess.
A Jewish state would not have come into being without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians.
*A Jewish state would not have come into being without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians.
... A Jewish state would not have come into being without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians.
I mean what the hell?
You ignore the calls by Arab nations for the Palestinians to leave.
So who actually "owns" the land?
I believe that it's the first human right.
I don't know any settlers though.
I'm not sure what you're saying.
&gt; [Morris] That was the situation.
You claim it is 9% true.
I think there is much truth to Bored's first statement.
I understand the necessity of "taking" villages.
&gt; What are you talking about?
But Morris' research and statements shows that, for the most part, Jewish expulsion of Arabs was not the reason for the Palestinian exodus.
But then there is the claim of continuous occupancy that the Pals have, but not the Jews.
In return, I expect the right of my people to own *our* homeland in Israel.
How many arabs did israel kill last year?
In other words, *both* are native to the land.
But now with your most recent comment I am not so sure what you think "the land" refers to.
You say you understand the necessity of 'taking' villages.
Arab armies were all over, so yes.
700,000 Palestinians were displaced in the 1948 war.
i didn't know Palestine was a country .
When you say "Palestinian" are you referring to Jewish Palestinians or Arab Palestinians?
I am saying that the erroneous statement is *Israelies bought **the** land off of the Palestinians, not kick them out.
No, I'm not saying this.
Hell, this is how I believe in the bible.
The land was either 1.
&gt; Most of the Palestinians were not expelled, as Morris shows (only those in 53 villages).
&gt; The fact that they bought 9% of the land doesn't mean that the other 91% was owned by arabs.
It should have read "believe the bible".
He says that it was necessary to uproot the Palestinians.
Palestine was one place to which some Jews could escape.
A minority of the Palestinians were *expelled*.
A minority of the Palestinians were expelled.
How many israelis did the arabs kill last year?
But this is not what Bored said.
So I think we can say that Jerusalem is probably going to stay in Jewish hands.
And jews controlled the area for many thousands of years.
What does 'believe in the bible mean?'
The issue was kicking them out of pre-1967 Israel.
He looks at *how* the Palestinians were expelled.
all I see is propaganda.
I guess I don't understand your point.
This is the logic and justification as I understand it.
&gt; If you don't believe in the bible then you don't believe in a biblical justification for the modern state of Israel.
The rest was taken from the Palestinians when they fled during the 1948 war.
If they stole my land, I can't return to it.
I still can't return to it?
get the hell out of their land- that's the support they want.
In the same interview Morris says:

&gt; Of course.
This is a good point.
I think I only asked questions.
The claims of ethnic cleansing are based on more specifics.
[Morris says this, and he explicitly supports ethnic cleansing as necessary.
But not all rights are citizenship rights.
If you don't believe in the bible then you don't believe in a biblical justification for the modern state of Israel.
The settlers are there for Biblical reasons.
&gt; And that was the situation in 1948?
There are still European Jews?
The Jewish lands under the original UN partition plan?
They bought *some* land: 9%.
How many times do I have to explain this?
While it did happen in many villages, this, as Morris says, was not the overall reason for the Palestinian exodus.
&gt; Benny Morris established that for the most part, they were not expelled.
*

&gt; The fact is the Jews were happier with the partition plan than the Arabs.
&gt; The problem is that the territory of Palestine isn't really part of Israel, but kind of is.
The fact that they bought 9% of the land doesn't mean that the other 91% was owned by arabs.
Obviously the Jews bought much of the land that became Israel.
And then say that it was a "land without people" and the silly Americans will believe that.
It would not be able to exist."
&gt; No, I don't admit it, you cretin.
more arabs were slaughtered by Israelis than jews were killed in the holocaust.
&gt; They perpetrated ethnic cleansing.
I see "Israel" come up PLENTY.
Why go back to that?
How many of those slaughtered were by jews?
But if you don't give the people citizenship they often take it back.
And that's your justification for killing so many of them.
The evidence (not biblical, say archaeological) suggests that the Jews are somehow "native" to the land.
You are saying that the land the Pals were kicked off from was the purchased land.
*If he had not done what he did, a state would not have come into being.
If he had not done what he did**, a state would not have come into being.
So I am very confused as to why you put "war" in quotes.
You really think jews gave it up for those 1300 years?
There are many ways to interpret the statement "the land", e.g., all of Palestine?
Well what happens if I steal it back?
That is not really a good justification for Israel's existence.
Most of the Palestinians were not expelled, as Morris shows (only those in 53 villages).
Give Iraq back to the Jews!
Why, once again, do you quote me with something I never said?
Please explain which Jews ruled and in which years, and which Arabs ruled and in what years.
Morris says the transfer was *done*.
Without the uprooting of the Palestinians, a Jewish state would not have arisen here.
You know, I used to live in Haifa... and it's where most of these pictures were taken.
In the quote you have here:

&gt;A Jewish state would not have come into being without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians.
Why would you argue that the Palestinians should have collectively owned the land?
&gt; Yes, I realize Palestinian Arabs also have some Levantine blood in them.
This is in the quote.
Zionists seem to believe that presence in one historical era means you have a right to the land but a presence in a different historical era means nothing.
&gt;I am claiming that 9% of the land was purchased.
I am not sure what is "absurd" about this.
&gt; Surely you understand, sense, that the first part of his statement is true

It isn't.
But when you don't let them return for demographic reasons, it becomes ethnic cleansing.
There were Jews there continuously for hundreds of years?
So if getting expelled is OK by you, lets do the same to the palestinians.
&gt; The issue at hand is how and why and who bears the responsibility for the Palestinian refugees.
Furthermore I fully support Israel and not just for these reasons.
I would say White people should definitely be considered natives in the USA by now.
While I interpret it to mean the land the Jews bought from the Arabs, you interpret it to mean all of Israel pre-1967 apparently.
I think you are misrepresenting Morris here.
They didn't flee a "war".
&gt; Maybe if you kill all of your Jews then you can know true freedom.
It may take 10 years, or it may take 200 years.
You ignore the fact that Morris says

&gt; [Morris]There was no choice but to expel that population.
well Palestinians did actually have a country under the UN mandate created Israel (land whose majority were jews) and Palestine (the land with the majority of Palestinians).
I don't have figures about Arab land ownership (feel free to point some out), but the Jewish population was a majority.
Why do you call the Palestinians the inhabitants?
Except for the cases Morris cites (a few dozen, as he says), the Palestinians did not leave because of Jewish expulsions.
The problem is that the territory of Palestine isn't really part of Israel, but kind of is.
Ben-Gurion may have wanted transfer prior to the war, but I don't see how it would have been possible without the Arab aggression.
How many people have the jews killed in palestine since they arrived?
yes, I 'capice' very well.
You wrote 

&gt; What are you talking about?
I could say "Remember, Hitler didn't kill all the Jews.
&gt; A lot of places used to be great until the Jews showed up.
Bored's "the land" perhaps referred to inhabited pre-1967 Israel.
&gt; The numbers you cite of Morris' show that in 53 villages (out of 440) Arabs fled due to expulsion by Jewish forces.
The fact of the matter is that the Jews both bought land and took land.
Like the 'Land of the Canaanites' killed by the Israelites, if you believe the bible?
&gt; I am not sure as to what specific "justification" you are referring to in your comment.
And I understand *you* as a historical denier.
The fact is the Jews were happier with the partition plan than the Arabs.
A military assault on the village was part of the war.
There was no choice but to expel that population.
This is what happened to the Pals.
How many have you killed of them?
So are you really saying that the purchased land is the same as the land from which Pals were expelled?
Furthermore, the Jewish and Arab populations did not live together peacefully.
Eventually, the natives of a country want their own back.
No, I have always stated that, where ethnic cleansing means that where there were 700,000 Palestinians there are not anymore as they were displaced.
What percentage of the Arab land of Palestine was purchased?
This is the first time you have admitted that the expulsion of 700,000 Palestinians (not some subset) is ethnic cleansing.
And Palestine was Ottoman for a long time.
The arabs are far from a unified group of people - they hate each other more than israel.
&gt; Not so much in this situation.
&gt; As you said, the land in question is the same throughout Bored's statement.
Furthermore, I don't recall you making the distinction between expulsion from farmland and expulsion from houses... nor do I understand why you are trying to make this distinction now.
Edit:  You claimed that the statement "Israelis bought land off of the Palestinians", i.e., the first part of the Bored's post, was untrue.
I have no doubt that family is Arab.
I like how you say these things and than go on saying your not anti-semitic.
"), in that the Palestinians had to flee due to a war instigated by the Arabs.
Do you think Indians were the first ones here?
The world has always been this way.
The Irish letter directly contradicts his previous claim that 

&gt; A Jewish state would not have come into being without the uprooting of 700,000 Palestinians.
&gt; [Morris] There are circumstances in history that justify ethnic cleansing.
But you ignore the major point: Morris says that Ben Gurion *did* (*DID*!)
Therefore it is not my number one talking point.
I would never argue that anybody has a biblical right to anything.
You keep talking about history books.
How about the ones that stayed back?
I would certainly say that many Palestinians were forced out at gun point, as sense's link to a Morris interview describes.
I don't know but even if he is not "civilized", it is an important point to consider.
What you seem to mention here is a historical justification, not a biblical one.
Yes, I realize Palestinian Arabs also have some Levantine blood in them.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 6.11
