Original Response:
I read it as "Grannies Gone Wild". &gt;_&lt;
I hope that wasn't the reason you clicked on it. :)
"But it’s not clear how much can be done. Cheap food, like cheap oil, may be a thing of the past."

A very distressing thought.
You mean we should feed people before I feed my Hummer's fuel tank?
One benefit of corn-based ethanol that people ignore is the fact that after distillation, you can feed the by-products to livestock.  So corn that otherwise would have gone straight to cattle can first be used for ethanol, then STILL used for animal feed.  Ethanol isn't as bad as you think.
Unfortunately most people (at least in the USA) aren't going to give a crap about food prices unless it means that the bill for a big fat meal of ribs and fries at Chili's goes up, or a big mac surpasses $4.00
Yeah it's worse.
* As I walk through the valley where I harvest my grain
* I take a look at my wife and realise she's very plain
* But that doesn't matter when she's flashing her corn
* Girls go crazy to do Amish porn
&gt; Where the effects of bad policy are clearest, however, is in the rise of demon ethanol and other biofuels. 

There's the take-away.
I'm not trying to discount the article, but it seems to me that not focusing on feeding your denizens is more of a political decision by the local government. However, U.S. policy probably serves to exacerbate the problem.
&gt; but the invasion of Iraq -- which proponents promised would lead to cheap oil --

[citation needed]. I'm sure a lot of people said that at the time, but... publicly? People in the current administration? If Slats Grobnik tells me this down at the bar in March of 2003, yeah, I agree, "proponents" said it would lead to cheap oil.
The subject noone will talk about, overpopulation.
Tell me, how many people is too many people? 

Do you support China's one child policy?
Why do we still listen to Paul Krugman? The man has had more failed predictions than Lady Cleo on the Cleveland Astrology Hotline.
Here is someone talking about it
[Population Implosion](http://www.quaker.org/tqe/2006/TQE149-EN-Population.html)

[What About the Population Problem?](http://www.quaker.org/clq/2001/TQE006-EN-Population.html)
Gas went from $1.00 in about 2000 to $3.50 now.  People in the US spend about 20% of their income on food.  If food goes the same way as gas, it is very distressing indeed.
Is that the version "Weird Al" Yankovic does at his live concerts? Or did you just make up the second two lines off the top of your head?
What's worse?
I think he's the best writer for the NYTimes! What is wrong with anything in this article? Are you upset with him because he said this:

&gt; Oh, and in case you’re wondering: all the remaining presidential contenders are terrible on this issue.
&gt; So corn that otherwise would have gone straight to cattle

I think this is the flaw in your argument. All corn doesn't go straight to cattle.
Its related to the financial crisis.

There are two currencies in the US - the dollar and house prices.  The fed has recently made clear that it is prepared to print limitless amounts of dollars in order to support house prices.  What do you think will happen to the price of commodities?
I didn't say that all corn does go straight to cattle, but a percentage of it does.  What's wrong with making ethanol out of it first?  The distiller's grain-to-cattle portion is almost always left out of the ethanol debate.
I'll talk with you about it.

Given that the 

* population growth rate is slowing, 
* food production per acre is increasing
* the ability to terraform is increasing
* much arable land is currently not maximized for food production

What are the numbers of your specific concern?
What actions will be available to them at that time to implement change?
Perhaps the acres of cattle could produce more return if dedicated to some other commodity.
Stop eatin' at Chili's!
Uhh,I think a big mac near me is already over $4.  (not the meal, just the burger).  The meal is $6.
Are you serious?!?  I guess I've been eating real food for too long :-p
To add to my argument:

"Currently, about 55 percent of corn produced in the U.S. is used as animal feed for livestock and poultry."
Source:http://www.ers.usda.gov/AmberWaves/February08/Features/CornPrices.htm

So what's wrong with using that 55 percent of corn for ethanol first, then feeding it to livestock?
[deleted]
I still can't believe Coolio reacted like he did to Al's parody. After all, Coolio stole the sample from Stevie Wonder to begin with...
What about the E-coli link to the use of distillers grain as cattle feed?
Before the green revolution, even rich people paid a lot of money for food.

This concept of cheap food a is a recent thing.
You are absolutely right although it's a "third rail" subject.  It is a simple mathematical fact that fewer people would result in a lower demand for energy, water, and food as well as less pollution.

The Earth does not have an infinite carrying capacity and we have to decide what the balance is going to be between population and quality of life.
When do you predict this decision must be arrived at?
That would be a medical condition for the veterinarians to take care of.  If you'd like to debate the use of antibiotics in farm animals, I believe that's another subject.
Many/most of the nutrients that were in the corn to begin with were used up by the micro-organisms involved in the fermentation process.  The only reason they don't use up all of the nutrients is that they die in their own waste (alcohol) which is where we are also headed.

As a result, there is a lot less food value in the by-product so you have to feed more of it to the cattle to get the same result.
&gt;Oh, and in case you’re wondering: all the remaining presidential contenders are terrible on this issue.

This is what really bums me out.  The inordinate power of both large corporations and rural constituencies in our political system, and the way the complexity of food subsidy systems makes them difficult issues for non-specialists to get involved in, has resulted in agricultural policies that are *retarded.*

The experts know the system is broken; many politicians do too.  But coming out against ethanol (or, God forbid, corn subsidies in general) is a dangerous thing to do if rural populations make up any significant portion of your constituency.
And a very misleading one.

How comparable was the percentage increase in gasoline/gallon for American drivers to the corresponding percentage increase in *profit* for the companies selling that gasoline?

The fun part is, we can do the math ourselves!


Given:
* Gas in 2000 was $1.25/gallon.
* Gas in 2008 is $3.00/gallon.
* We see a 140% increase in cost.

I'll let the readers enjoy the reward of finding out exactly if the oil companies experienced a lower, equal, or higher increase in profit.

The question becomes, what recourse is available for the disenfranchished?

*edit: FunFacts*
Not for farmers, it isn't.
According to the USDA, growing crops for farm animals requires nearly half of the U.S. water supply and 80% of its agricultural land. Animals raised for food in the U.S. consume 90% of the soy crop, 80% of the corn crop, and 70% of its grain.
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/sb973/sb973.pdf

I think his first point was the most important.. More meat-eaters means less food on world basis. If we haven't consumed so much meat there would be plenty of food to feed the whole world.. And thats a fact. Talking about overpopulation is bullshit..
Do Americans require that much livestock and poultry?

How much of the animal meat-products produced are thrown away each by supermarkets and butchers because they remain on the shelf too long?

At what level of unused meat products would it be better for society to raise diverse produce in what are now cattle pastures?
It's true there's less food value there, but that value is always left out of the equation when people say "wind turbines gooood, ethanol baaaad."
If every developing country magically disappeared, we would still be facing the climate crisis, because the vast majority of the pollution comes from the industrialised countries.
Inflation certainly benefits those who profit from natural resources, due to the simple fact that they aim to make a percentage profit on sales. Therefore, the higher the price of gas, the more money the oil companies will make.
Population was too high a long time ago and it's still growing. The two most populace countries in the world have just begun to switch to an industrial economy, so their consumption of everything will increase.

&gt;the ability to terraform is increasing 

You lost all credibility with that one.

&gt;much arable land is currently not maximized for food production 

You're right. Yellowstone has a lot of potential, and Brazil still has a lot of wasted area covered with useless rain forest left.

I volunteer you for culling.
Hey, you are going off to some weird tangent about China's one child policy.

The parent commenter merely stated a fact that in growing economies such as China, India, South American countries and even Eastern European countries are experiencing a population boom.  Population boom will always result in higher demand for food supply and other raw materials.

If you are trying to compare that to sizable small countries like Denmark, Sweden, Switzerland, or even the U.S. states of Maine and New Hampshire to bigger countries or even U.S. states then you are setting yourself up to a bad comparison.

Think about it those mentioned above have small land mass, small resources, and as such it will have a hard time experiencing a population boom because competition is high for job position, housing, and education.

However, if you look at China with a large land mass it has room to provide its people with housing, job opportunities, and education just by building those infrastructures.  It is similar to Brazil where the local people are expanding at the expense of the Amazon forest and at the same time destroying its rich natural resource and environment.

All over the world, nations and people are destroying their environment in order to provide space for its people and the need for more agricultural/livestocks facilities for increased food supply.
The subtext - when confronted by the ugly reality that the choices I make are between my own comfort and others survival, I question the right of others to survive.

Cheap oil is like having a hundred or so slaves working for you non-stop. When biofuels were proposed I was first horrified, and then grimly aware that it is almost inevitable in some form - if the choice is between eating and driving, then it will be: "for the rich both, for the poor neither".

The US (and not only the US of course) was built on slavery and maintained on cheap (near-free) oil. When the latter runs out, a reversion to the former would be natural, especially if the slaves can be kept far enough away from the voters.
The subject no one will talk about, Western living standards.
I'm interested by your claims since I have not seen documentation for them before. How did you determine this?

&gt;*Population was too high a long time ago*



&gt;*The two most populous countries in the world have just begun to switch to an industrial economy, so their consumption* **and production** *of everything will increase.*


Furthermore, what has led you to conclude that the ability to terraform land has decreased or remained stagnant?


&gt;&gt;*much arable land is currently not maximized for food production*

&gt;*You're right.*

Yes, on a couple different levels and that's why I stated it.  Many, many acres dedicated to livestock and poultry produce food which sits on shelves past their expiration date because the meat markets are in a state of over-production. If that land were rededicated to various fruits and vegetables, we would see a far greater return in calories produced per acre.

Additionally, of the land which is appropriated for crops or livestock, much is not maximized for food production either via crop selection nor technologies used.

Finally, there is mass acreage *entirely unused*, such as vacant lots, rooftops and grass lawns.

edit: markups
I don't know but I suspect in the next 20 years it will be made for us as, without oil, we have not only no good source of portable energy (it's hard to ship goods around the world without oil) but we will also be lacking in the raw material needed for the petro-chemical industry and that's a bigger problem than not being able to drive.
Actually, if we converted everyone to being vegetarians then the population would, in the long run, continue to grow and lead us to exactly the same problem.  Ignoring overpopulation is pollyannaism.
If the cost has increased due to companies wanting more profit rather, rather than scarcity, what is the true nature of the *crisis* the consumers face?
Which local government? This is a worldwide issue.
And if you're referring generally to the countries which are having problems in this area, where do you get the impression that the governments are not trying to help/"feed their denizens"? If anything, in places like Egypt, it's precisely an over-focus on keeping the populace happy by subsidising grains that is making the crisis more severe (although you could certainly argue about that).
Who says it's left out? The EROEI analyses being done on ethanol are very sophisticated. I'd be willing to believe you when you say this saving is ignored, but I'd prefer to see an example.
Can you help me understand why we should expect to not have oil in the next 20 years?

&gt;(it's hard to ship goods around the world without oil) 

I thought the same thing until I learned of nuclear-powered ships. Perhaps you've learned more than I about them and can explain why they should be dismissed.
Yes, and even if we fixed the pollution problem we would still face a dramatic climate crisis at some point anyway due to the natural variations of the system.  It is possible that what we are currently observing is the result of natural processes and not the effects of man.  It doesn't matter though as with 6.6B people on the Earth we can't change course in time anyway.
Like it or not...Malthus was RIGHT
&gt;  Can you help me understand why we should expect to not have oil in the next 20 years?

Google for "[peak oil](http://www.google.com/search?q=peak+oil)".

&gt; I thought the same thing until I learned of nuclear-powered ships. Perhaps you've learned more than I about them and can explain why they should be dismissed.

I have actually been on a nuclear powered ship ([NS Savannah](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NS_Savannah)) and stood outside the reactor room.  I also participated in the building of the [VC Summer nuclear reactor](http://www.nrc.gov/info-finder/reactor/sum.html).

Anyway, there are some real problems with nuclear powered freighters: they tend to sink every once in a while (google for the number of lost ships each year, it's amazing).  Also, there is also "peak uranium" which parallels the math behind peak oil.
&gt;How did you determine this?

By scrolling through Google earth and seeing entire regions that look like [this](http://maps.google.com/maps?hl=en&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;ll=52.069377,-121.305542&amp;spn=0.475265,1.499634&amp;t=h&amp;z=10)

[or this](http://maps.google.com/maps?hl=en&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;ll=33.940512,-118.155899&amp;spn=0.320713,0.749817&amp;t=h&amp;z=11)

[Or this](http://maps.google.com/maps?hl=en&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;ll=40.555548,-97.001038&amp;spn=0.587425,1.499634&amp;t=h&amp;z=10)


And images like this: http://www.beergrilled.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2007/06/garbage_river.jpg



and this: http://www.kilian-nakamura.com/blog-english/wp-content/tokyo-summerland-packed-wave-pool.jpg

and lot of images like this: http://bastardlogic.files.wordpress.com/2007/06/073117_china_pollution_bej10541bebc510825.jpg

Videos like this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9MTYybD7fk

Articles like this: http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2006-03-22-epa_x.htm

&gt;What has led you to conclude that the ability to terraform land has decreased or remained stagnant?

You're a sci-fi buff, aren't you?

Read some non fiction today: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terraforming

Ok I'm done with you.
I never said that we should stop producing meat.. All I said was look at the numbers. As the population is today we have more than enough resources to feed everyone. Personally I think as East Asia gets wealthier we will see a decrease (or a flat) population growth like in other industrialized parts of the world.
I hadn't heard of peak uranium before, given that all consensuses I've read from energy industry sources state we have enough uranium to power the planet for millions of years.

Do the oil-based ships not sink every year, or is it just more a fact that ships are going to sink regardless of their fuel-source?

edit: I did some small amount of research, and the returning numbers in no way match your description.  Am I crunching the numbers wrong or did you forget to include breeder reactors and increases in technology over the next 4 centuries?
FPS, population in the developed world is not governed by the availability of food! We have lots and lots of food, and the only direct effect on the population is increased body mass (obesity). It's totally feasible to maintain population levels below the amount of available food. The population boom comes in two steps: (1) food from agriculture and (2) lowered infant/child mortality. All evidence point to reduced population growth with prosperity and health.

So the big issue IS meat. There is no way to feed 6 million people the amount of meat we eat in the west. We eat 5-10 times more meat than we need to.
That's interesting.  Where you see overpopulation in a littered river or dirty air, I see a culture which doesn't know how to regulate its byproducts.

Ah, you were using terraform to only mean other planets, whereas I used its operative definition, meaning *make something arable out of areas which aren't*. Such as reforestation or reclaiming desert areas.  

If you'd like to address any of the empirical facts I presented before leaving, it'd be nice.
Nice link, but I didn't see anything about using the residual left after ethanol production. I think it would be safe to assume that the pre and post processing nutritional value of corn is different. I believe the post-processing corn is lower in value and can't be used as a straight 1 to 1 replacement as livestock feed.

So your argument is why can't we use corn for both feed and ethanol. The refutation is that post-processed corn is not the feed that farmers use. With using more pre-processed corn for ethanol, it leaves less pre-processed corn to be used as feed.
The subject only Ron Paul supporters are talking about: government intervention:
* Causing inflation
* Subsidizing bullshit like corn
* Fighting wars (Pentagon consumes 400K barrels of oil a day
* Capping efficiency - limiting trade
Italicizing something doesn't make it true.
when all else fails, blame China
Corn based ethanol is one of the biggest scams in history.  

&gt;Ethanol doesn't burn cleaner than gasoline, nor is it cheaper. Our current ethanol production represents only 3.5 percent of our gasoline consumption -- yet it consumes twenty percent of the entire U.S. corn crop, causing the price of corn to double in the last two years and raising the threat of hunger in the Third World.


&gt;...the whole point of corn ethanol is not to solve America's energy crisis, but to generate one of the great political boondoggles of our time. Corn is already the most subsidized crop in America, raking in a total of $51 billion in federal handouts between 1995 and 2005 -- twice as much as wheat subsidies and four times as much as soybeans.

&gt;as a gasoline substitute, ethanol has big problems: Its energy density is one-third less than gasoline, which means you have to burn more of it to get the same amount of power. It also has a nasty tendency to absorb water, so it can't be transported in existing pipelines and must be distributed by truck or rail, which is tremendously inefficient.

&gt;The ethanol boondoggle is largely a tribute to the political muscle of a single company: agribusiness giant Archer Daniels Midland  ADM is the leading producer of ethanol, supplying more than 1 billion gallons of the fuel additive last year. Ethanol is propped up by more than 200 tax breaks and subsidies worth at least $5.5 billion a year. And ADM continues to give back: Since 2000, the company has contributed $3.7 million to state and federal politicians.


Should I continue?
A crisis in democracy. I think we are on the doorstep of reverting to the days of kings, and the U.S. is leading the way.
Yes to your first sentence. Your second sentence is wrong: the current warming is human-caused. The science is pretty clear on this. And whether we can change course in time to avert catastrophe is not yet known; all that we can say with certainty is that we are very close to the brink.
farmers don't make money by selling their crops, so yes it is...
You know what? you take away those subsidies and you'll see the price of grain skyrocket. You'll also see massive depression. If you want to blame someone blame the corporate farms. They're the ones screwing everyone over.
&gt;Ah, you were using terraform to only mean other planets,

As does wiki and dictionary.com. Maybe you want to edit them to suit yourself.

When is enough, enough to you? 

How much is too much?

I seriously want to know.

Where would you draw the line at this: http://maps.google.com/maps?hl=en&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;ll=40.680378,-73.89782&amp;spn=0.146583,0.374908&amp;t=h&amp;z=12

How much of [this](http://maps.google.com/maps?hl=en&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;ll=38.712304,-88.054047&amp;spn=0.60329,1.499634&amp;t=h&amp;z=10) would it take before you'd say "OK that's enough"?

I don't want to hear any more of your idealistic fantasies. I just want you to tell me how much is too much *to you.*

If all that matters in the world to you is people, then just say it.
I bet that's the least of the problems out of those he listed.
He did mention China (about 5 or 6 times)
I bet you know as much about ethanol as these columnists tell you. I bet 5 years ago you thought it was a great idea when they did.
Whether he could have fixed it is moot. It is going to happen, the problems will grow as the snowball rolls down the hill for the next few years at least. He would have been in office and perhaps revieled as "fixing" things proved to be impossible, so it is a best case scenario for those supporters now. 

They get to point and say I told you so, and live with the idea that his action on X could have fixed Y, since almost nothing he proposed would ever be put into place.

A shame really, whether outright socialism, or Libertarianism something needs to change, and not in the soundbite Obama sense. That isn't going to help. It is like sticking a cork in a dam. Something needs to really change to try and fix this, and Paul supporters, and to a lesser degree Nader and Kucinich supporters get to say they were right. Along with being satisfied in knowing that were in fact, probably right.
No matter how you slice it I agree. When food is very expensive, it isn't our concern. No one riots over not having food.
So? The person who doesn't change opinions after being further educated is the biggest fool of all.
For what it's worth, the World Food Program takes Paypal.

http://www.wfp.org/
It would seem that too many of a species is when the eco-system can no longer support them.

In *homo sapiens* case, they have developed the necessary technologies, and in some segments of the population, demonstrated the sufficient comprehension of inter-relatedness to attune themselves to their environment.  However, an insufficient number has, as-of-yet, done so and thus we see unpretty pictures like the ones you've linked.

That, in-and-of-itself, is an argument for the collective *homo sapiens*' stupidity, rather than their over-population.

Perhaps we have more mutual thought-space than you first thought. For certainly, if the *homo sapiens* are too stupid to sufficiently apply the technologies they already possess, they *will* find themselves unable to exist in their environment, and the definition of over-populated.

However, the capability is there. What they choose to do with it, remains to be seen.

*edit: knowing is half the battle*
Wow.  You include an image of NYC as evidence of how awful the world has become?

I LOVED living in New York (both Manhattan and Brooklyn).  No end to the interesting things to do, people to meet, food to eat, things to learn, etc. etc.  I always marveled at how well the whole thing worked, with many millions of people somehow routinely entering and exiting a small island everyday.

I lived in Tokyo, too, and had a similarly great experience.  Sure, being in a crowded place can have some downsides, but living in a place with few people can certainly be boring (also from personal experience).
People talk about their consumption, sometimes, in the West.

What isn't talked about, is that producing 4 more Western consumers to replace you and your spouse probably isn't a good idea for the planet. Instead we shun China for placing measures to curb their population growth while U.S. families refuse to use birth control.

So, the subjects go hand in hand. The faster our population grows, the faster we have to decrease our per capita consumption if we wish to live in a sustainable way.

Living in a sustainable manner is difficult enough now with 6 billion people. Imagine how hard it will be with 10 billion.
Please take away the subsidies.  

Please.  They aren't needed.
&gt;How much of [this](http://maps.google.com/maps?hl=en&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;ll=38.712304,-88.054047&amp;spn=0.60329,1.499634&amp;t=h&amp;z=10) would it take before you'd say "OK that's enough"?

Seriously, what's wrong with that? OMG! Fields of crops! Egads! Would you have us all starve to death so you can preserve the pretty forests for the animals to enjoy? Frankly, I don't care if the entire planet looks like Coruscant in Star Wars if we can maintain that.
What do you think we should do to implement more sustainable lifestyles?
Yes, please continue.  I don't see anything wrong with ethanol as a component of the energy needs of the country.  I'd like to cruise around in an electric car with an ultra-capacitor just as much as you...but it's not going to happen.  Since you are probably more opposed to burning or gasification of coal than the production of ethanol, I think there's ultimately nothing wrong with it.
NYC is about the most energy efficient location in the world, I recall reading.  Dividing the amount of energy used by the number of people there yields a much lower number than in locations with detached housing and daily auto use by most of the residents.
further educated? My point is, don't get your education from one source. THAT is the biggest folly of them all.
Do you have a better plan? I'm not fond of subsidies either, but for the moment they're necessary.
Saying that biofuel production from corn is the reason we have a food shortage in those poor countries is like saying we have a water shortage because we aren't recycling our piss. It may be a contributer, but it is by no means the biggest reason.
Not with current technology. But with vat meat, it should be feasible to produce as much meat as we want.
The subject no one will talk about, interstellar colonization.
But it's against human right to limit how many children you have.
Spend more time and resources on space exploration while we still can.
"China and other developing countries."  It's just fashionable to do China-bashing these days so people using China as the scapegoat.

India's population is overtaking China and India has no population control.
Well, I'm not saying you force abortions or otherwise make having a certain number of children illegal.

Instead, our society can discuss that, just as you should carpool and conserve water, you might want to limit the number or children you have.
We've exported our housing bubble to the world.  Finally something that we can export.  Hooray!
The subject no one will talk about, Candlejack.
I guess what you're saying is that it's useless trying to convince people that it's not kosher to destroy the earth?
That's not the point. The point is, 5 years ago, the scientists and journalists and politicians should have done better research.
I'd actually argue coal is less harmful to the world as a whole than Ethanol in will be in the long run.

&gt;The most seductive myth about ethanol is that it will free us from our dependence on foreign oil. But even if ethanol producers manage to hit the mandate of 36 billion gallons of ethanol by 2022, that will replace a paltry 1.5 million barrels of oil per day -- only seven percent of current oil needs. Even if the entire U.S. corn crop were used to make ethanol, the fuel would replace only twelve percent of current gasoline use.

&gt;Another misconception is that ethanol is green. In fact, corn production depends on huge amounts of fossil fuel -- not just the diesel needed to plow fields and transport crops, but also the vast quantities of natural gas used to produce fertilizers. Runoff from industrial-scale cornfields also silts up the Mississippi River and creates a vast dead zone in the Gulf of Mexico every summer. What's more, when corn ethanol is burned in vehicles, it is as dirty as conventional gasoline and does little to solve global warming: E85 reduces carbon dioxide emissions by a modest fifteen percent at best, while fueling the destruction of tropical forests.

&gt;But the biggest problem with ethanol is that it steals vast swaths of land that might be better used for growing food. In a recent article in Foreign Affairs titled "How Biofuels Could Starve the Poor," University of Minnesota economists C. Ford Runge and Benjamin Senauer point out that filling the gas tank of an SUV with pure ethanol requires more than 450 pounds of corn -- roughly enough calories to feed one person for a year.

All in all we're just pretending it's the solution to our problem, when really, it's just preventing us from taking real steps to solve the problem thus making it worse in the end.
5 years ago we were storing corn in underground caves because we had so much of it. Ethanol seemed like a good idea at the time.
What subsidy would you recommend for Boeing, Intel and Lockheed Martin?
I agree wholeheartedly that we are putting off any real solutions because of inertia.  However, I think that people's willingness to solve the problem is all too quickly turned into willingness to accept draconian government regulations.  It becomes a way for connected individuals to make money because they can dictate the direction of economies.  Let me ask this of everyone who disagrees about corn-based ethanol...what would you do instead?
Columnists 5-10 years ago were hyping ethanol as the hope of the future because many in academia were. As with all things academia, lots of research was done until some felt comfortable going against "the norm". Deviating from the standard view in science is extremely risky, and not done by many even with evidence. Only with overwhelming evidence does the norm change. Even then, there are holdouts.

So five years ago, there were not many, if any sources saying ethanol was bad. Those that were almost invariably were dismissed as right wing propaganda. Not for any good reason, since the right is quite fond of corn subsidies, but ethanol was seen as "green" and any who opposed it were cast as young Earth types by and large. Until evidence backed up the claim that is.
No. You see five years ago we were storing huge amounts of corn and other grains in underground caves because they couldn't sell to anyone. Government used the corn to help out schools so that their food was cheaper, but they still had a crapload left. Why let corn just rot away when you can create fuel out of it and help the farmers run their machinery to produce more grains instead of having to by the more expensive gasoline or diesel. In that way they helped to keep the food prices low. It was actually a pretty good use of the stuff but it was never fully realized because there were no factories that could produce it in large enough quantities. Factories were then created and now we're just getting into the mass production of the stuff. Granted, ethanol is not the best way to go about it. However, there's not reason to completely shun it either. It should not become a major source for fuel, but regionally, it's not a bad idea. I'll talk further in a few hours, but I must get to class.
That and our species will degrade into one struggling to survive, instead of one making surviving easier, as population increases. It  doesn't make sense why we're fighting over crumbs on Earth when there's a whole _unclaimed_ resource bonanza out in space.
Well, I'd rather be wrong and have this nation be saved than right and see it in the toilet.  So it isn't very much of a consolation.

The hour is late, but there is hope.
But, how do we know it's unclaimed?  bum bum bum!

Do you think it should be a private enterprise or the government's responsibility (or both?)?
Europe has already lowered its reproduction rate below replacement levels and is maintaining population growth through immigration.

Canada is right around replacement rate, and only the US is still cranking out babies - most of them destined to be soldiers in God's Army. :(
Yep.  We were utterly **destroyed** by peak lumber 300 years ago, and only pestilence, famine and war have kept our numbers under the maximum of 100 million humans that the planet can sustain.  Malthus was RIGHT!
Neither.  It's up to the rebels, the drifters... the loners... the FRONTIERSMEN!!

&lt;old western sound&gt;
Really? New York has the [longest commute times in the U.S.](http://www.census.gov/Press-Release/www/releases/archives/american_community_survey_acs/001695.html) (maybe the world?) and it's one of the most expensive places in the U.S. to live.

Almost the entire eastern seaboard has been converted to human habitation and  envirionmental impact goes well beyond  borders of the cities. 

It was too much a long time ago.
It's up to anyone that grabs power first. Also, I was wondering if the thought occurred to anyone that a [satellite-based missile defense system](http://technology.newscientist.com/channel/tech/weapons/dn11709-us-satellite-to-test-missile-defence-technologies.html) is the perfect means to keep us tied down to Earth.
In which given industry are they necessary, and why?
&gt;Yes, and even if we fixed the pollution problem we would still face a dramatic climate crisis at some point anyway due to the natural variations of the system.

A big asteroid would be a strong argument.  The odds of dying (along with the rest of the planet's population) to one is about 1 in 20,000.  That's the same as the odds of dying in a plane crash.
Why won't anyone talk about Candlejack?

The other subject no one will talk about,
&gt;Not with current technology.

That's the crucial point.  Every Malthusian prediction made has failed due to underestimating the advance of technology.  Did Europe starve in the 18th century due to having exhausted its entire lumber supply?  No.  They moved to coal and other energy sources.
oo-ee-oo-ee-ooooo
&gt;Also, there is also "peak uranium" which parallels the math behind peak oil.

And that of "peak lumber" and "peak coal".
Well, every Malthusian prediction that has failed. If there were Malthusian predictors in classical times, they were dead-right about forests being denuded. It's only recently that technology has been advancing sufficiently fast to throw a hydraulic torque wrench into the works.
&gt;&gt;the ability to terraform is increasing

&gt;You lost all credibility with that one.

I don't see why.  It's the truth.  Our ability to terraform is far greater than it was a few decades ago, and advances in nano-technology will only continue the trend.  Craig Ventner's success in creating artificial life with entirely constructed DNA sequences will undoubtedly lead to further extensions in our abilities as well.
How ever you cut it, though, you still have to worry about the longterm trend where people who don't give a damn will eventually outnumber those who try to cut back. (I'm looking at the more wildly copulating religions like Mormons.)
[deleted]
I suppose you *could* get a cow drunk off of ethanol and it could process some of the calories.  It would be very unhealthy, but I'd love to see the youtube video. (not that I'd condone it)
They predicted that we'd cut down *all* of them by the end of the 18th century, and that we'd freeze and starve during the winter.  Neither happened.
Yes well, I was thinking of denuding of Crete back in classical times. But maybe it wasn't Crete. Was it Sicily? Hmmm. Scotland has been thoroughly denuded...
Damn those Chinese and their jokes, putting pee pee in my coke is NOT funny!
Like I said - $4 loaves of bread.
Then why don't you guys start an edit war in wikipedia, because the authors don't agree with you.
You get the "peak" effect with any resource that is not renewable.  For example, there is also "peak copper", "peak iron", and so on.  And no, you won't be able mine landfills with anything like today's technologies because the "ore" is too contaminated by other products.

My point about the freighters of today sinking was that littering the bottom of the ocean with reactors will be a very bad idea.

As to Peak Uranium (PU): there is a very good site called The Oil Drum where discussions on this topic take place for example, [this one](http://www.theoildrum.com/node/2379).

Some people are optimistic on the issue and predict that PU won't happen for many decades if not several centuries.  Then there are others who project PU at a couple of decades from now.  I'm in the less optimistic camp.
&gt; It's totally feasible to maintain population levels below the amount of available food.

So you are saying that we can support trillions of people on this Earth?  I think you have to see that there is a population level which is not sustainable.

I believe, given peak oil (not just the loss of mechanized farming but the loss of fertilizers and pesticides) and the over-use of water (aquifer depletion) that has gone on for the past 50 years, that 6.6B people is more than the world can support in the future, even if we switch to a 100% vegetarian diet.
&gt;The hour is late, but there is hope.

... and his name is Bob Barr. :)
&gt; Your second sentence is wrong: the current warming is human-caused.

As someone who has actually worked on climate models ([GFDL](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GFDL_CM2.X) for example) using systems at [NCAR](http://www.ncar.ucar.edu/), [PSC](http://www.psc.edu/), and [SDSC](http://www.sdsc.edu/), I disagree that humans are the **proven** cause of global warming.  Of course, science has a high standard for the definition of "proven".
An asteroid would certainly do it as would a major volcanic eruption (e.g., the [Toba Catastrophe](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toba_catastrophe_theory)).

However, the Earth still cycles through quite a range.  For example, only 6,000 years ago North Africa was lush with green vegetation but today it's the Sahara.  That is the result of natural events.
You inspired me to do some surfing and I found plenty of statistics to support your claims.

For example I found this: http://www.eia.doe.gov/emeu/states/sep_sum/plain_html/rank_use_per_cap.html

and this: http://www.energy.ca.gov/gasoline/statistics/gasoline_per_capita.html

But I wonder, New York relies on products from all over the U.S. Is the gasoline usage of an Iowa farmer whose product ends up in New York getting counted in New York or in Iowa?

It's not an easy thing to add up the true impact of New Yorkers on environments far away from them, or the true energy usage. For one thing the manufacturing base, is smaller in New York than say Michigan, but those products manufactured go to New York. The larger manufacturing sector in Michigan uses more energy than the larger services sector in New York.

California, which is known for its sprawl, has one of the lower usage of gasoline per capita. Go figure. http://www.energy.ca.gov/gasoline/statistics/gasoline_per_capita.html

Yes I did notice that New York has the lowest use of gasoline per capita. I'm not counting District of Columbia, which is lower. Not fair, it's not really a state.
You will have "peak coal" but not "peak lumber" as trees are not fixed in their supply.

The reason you have a peak is this: if something (like demand for oil) grows at a steady rate (say 3.1% which is about the actual number) then the demand doubles every 23 years.

Assume in the first 23 years we used 1 unit of oil (where the unit is some number of barrels).  Then in the second 23 years we would use twice as much or 2 units.  In the third 23 years we would use 4 units.

Notice that 4 is greater than the sum of 1 and 2.  The amount of oil used in period T(n+1)is always greater than the total amount of oil used from T(1) to T(n).

As a result, the amount of oil that will be used in the next 23 years is greater than the sum of all the oil used until now.

So, once we have used 50% of the available oil, we will use all of the remaining oil in **less** than 23 years (remember, 4 is **more** than the sum of 1 and 2).

Also, the oil that is used at the beginning is the oil that is just "lying on the ground" (i.e., is very easy to reach).  The oil in the last half will be the hardest oil to reach and the most expensive to extract.

It must also be considered that there is a depth below which it doesn't matter how much oil there is as it takes more than a barrel's worth of energy (even at 100% efficiency) to raise a barrel of oil against the force of gravity.

So, as a result of simple mathematics, geology, and physics Western Civilizations free energy ride is going to come to an abrupt halt in less than the next 23 years (Peak Oil was probably in the past year).

Add to the calamity that we don't only get energy from oil but the entire petrochemical industry which includes not only fertilizers and pesticides but the insulating materials used in every electronic/electrical device.  

As a result, even if you can generate unlimited free power through some unknown magical technology, without oil you can't distribute and use that power as we do today.
Wow, I didn't know people on reddit didn't get sarcasm.
the food industry. Farmers cannot live off of the sale of their crops. Many farmers have ssecondary (or primary) jobs to go along with their farming even *with* the subsidies. If you think the situation would improve by taking away those subsidies then you might want to get a job that pays more or start your own garden. If I remember correctly, the last time this nation's farmers went poor we had a little something called the great depression.

If you want to blame somebody for all of these issues, don't look at the family farmer, look at the coorpoate farms who are screwing with the system and fucking both the real farmers and the consumer.
I am not so certain as you that it must be one or the other.

Perhaps if we were to combine forces, first curb the silly waste of food-products on livestock (elsewhere in this thread, it is posted that well over 75% of the food produced goes to feeding livestock). 

A 300% increase in food production for humans would reduce costs somewhat, wouldn't you agree? The farmers I have personally known weren't in it to make money. They were in it to make food for their family, which often ended up being home-schooled, playful and brimming with life.

Per subsidies, let's say that some of the individual family farms do need subsidies until the market is corrected. Then let us end the subsidies to corporate and mono-crop farms.  

If you don't take an action like that, some corrective action, then *blaming* the corporate entities for *behaving* like corporate entities isn't going to effect any shift.

Of course, I am open to considering other ideas people might propose for how to curb the mono-cropping profiteers.

edit: by industry, I assumed we were not switching topics. I meant, which specific crops need subsidies in your estimation?
We currently *have* vat meat technology.
Except Uranium can be reused multiple times as a fuel, whereas coal cannot.
It's located in a busy urban train station... So the price is probably inflated from 'normal'.  But it's the only Macdonald's I pass on a regular basis.
Why would I care about that?  If some wikipedia editors are wrong, it's no skin off my back.
[Easter islanders](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Easter_Island#Destruction_of_the_ecosystem) didn't do too well.
&gt;I hadn't heard of peak uranium before, given that all consensuses I've read from energy industry sources state we have enough uranium to power the planet for millions of years.

"Uranium 2005: Resources, Production and Demand - also called the "Red Book" - estimates the total identified amount of conventional uranium stock, which can be mined for less than USD 130 per kg, to be about 4.7 million tonnes. Based on the 2004 nuclear electricity generation rate of demand the amount is sufficient for 85 years, the study states. Fast reactor technology would lengthen this period to over 2500 years."

[International Atomic Energy Agency staff report](http://www.iaea.org/NewsCenter/News/2006/uranium_resources.html)
I don't think getting rid of livestock is a good idea. Farmers have a certain rotation that they use (and have for hundreds of years) where one field is left open, another is used for livestock and a third is used to grow crops. The field that is left open is then used to grow crops and the livestock are moved to the land that used to be a field and then the land that the livestock was in is now left open. They are rotated like that each year/season. This is done because the livestock will eat the leftover crop parts (stalks and such) and will crap all over the land returning much needed fertilizer that's completely natural. It also keeps the land healthy and keeps it from eroding. Plants are then moved to the open fields where nice fresh soil is just waiting to grow them. The open field is given time to recoup from the last planting and take in the fertilizer from the livestock that just left.

You could just switch to using an unnatural fertilizer but that's expensive for each farmer and that by itself will not keep the fields from eroding.

A 300% increase in food production would not only rape the land but it could kill prices on grains, making it even harder for farmers. You see, the more grain that is produced the lower the price (simple economics) and once the supply get so large then grain is basically worthless which is why subsidies were put into place. There's such a large supply of grain because corporate farms came in and carelessly grow large amounts of crops  without any regard to the farmers who are already growing because they can afford to sell the grain at lower prices than the farmers around them can, effectively shutting them down without buyouts. Larger businesses do the same thing to smaller businesses to shut down the competition. Do you see why subsidies are necessary to keep the small farmers up and working? Like I said, I don't like it anymore than you, but until we do something about corporate farms we're not going to be able to stop subsidizing the small farmers.

The farmers you know must be rich. Farmers themselves aren't in it to make money because farming is not a money making business, it's a way of life. No farmer that I know has the time to raise the variety of crops necessary to feed their families. They grow beef, pork,  chickens, etc. and sweet corn, but other than that they buy their food from the stores just like us.

I have no complaints against taking the subsidies from the corporate farms and I don't think most of the smaller farmers do either. The only ones you'll hear complaining  are the corporate farmers, and they just happen to be the ones with the money.

As for the last question, I don't know, but grains are definitely up there.
1000$/kg doesn't count. And it doesn't really count when there's no vascular system to it. We really have vat proto-meat technology.
You are both right. I think the energy efficient part only takes into account NYC, and you are going into the tri-state area.


But yeah From Maine to Virginia, it's pretty fucking nuts. Then again, you can go a couple hours outside NYC or DC and be in the middle of the sticks.
You mean little islands of the sticks. An undeveloped area here, another one over there. Some of them look like the middle of nowhere from the road because of the trees, but if you google earth the area, you'll see that it's not a very large area.
I don't know man, west virginia, western virginia, west maryland, pennsylvania between philly and pitts burgh, upstate ny... all pretty empty
Like I said, google the area. [Upstate, middle of nowhere, empty of trees once they're big enough.](http://maps.google.com/maps?hl=en&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;ll=42.26486,-75.171547&amp;spn=0.143043,0.374908&amp;t=h&amp;z=12)

All that's left are little islands. State and national parks look nice on the ground, but once you look at them from above, you see they're only little islands for the most part.

You know that most of the forested lands of low population Canada look like a patchwork quilt as well, right? Google map the forested areas of Canada, east or west and zoom in. Scroll around and look at the extent.
Hey I was born right around there.

I guess it depends on how rural you want shit. It's not total urban, suburban or even exurban development from sea to shining sea. Yeah there are roads, but that doesn't mean there's not a bunch of open space. I guess it's subjective.
True, but I don't see your point. The IPCC report stated that they are more than 90% certain that the current warming is human-caused. (The real percentage was 99%, but China and other governments leaned on the scientists.) How much 'certainty' is enough?
There were strong political influences on the IPCC report as you noted.  It's not an unbiased scientific study, it's a political report where one side "won".
The science was science. The politics came in at the end, when various countries wanted to tone down the conclusions stating just how bad things are. I haven't heard of governments trying to make things sound worse in the IPCC reports. 

Also, the science is all public, as are the IPCC reports, and you haven't heard all the contributors up in arms about how their findings were distorted and overblown. In fact, the opposite is happening. Scientific academies around the world have supported the results.

Summary:
Tell me, how many people is too many people?
How much is too much?
The other subject no one will talk about,
True, but I don't see your point.
I think you have to see that there is a population level which is not sustainable.
What's wrong with making ethanol out of it first?
It was too much a long time ago.
So your argument is why can't we use corn for both feed and ethanol.
*

If all that matters in the world to you is people, then just say it.
Like I said, google the area.
I just want you to tell me how much is too much *to you.
I am not so certain as you that it must be one or the other.
Ethanol isn't as bad as you think.
When is enough, enough to you?
Why would I care about that?
I don't see anything wrong with ethanol as a component of the energy needs of the country.
Ethanol seemed like a good idea at the time.
The farmers you know must be rich.
I seriously want to know.
I didn't say that all corn does go straight to cattle, but a percentage of it does.
and it's one of the most expensive places in the U.S. to live.
The subject no one will talk about, Candlejack.
Population was too high a long time ago and it's still growing.
I don't think getting rid of livestock is a good idea.
farmers don't make money by selling their crops, so yes it is...
That isn't going to help.
So five years ago, there were not many, if any sources saying ethanol was bad.
The refutation is that post-processed corn is not the feed that farmers use.
If we haven't consumed so much meat there would be plenty of food to feed the whole world.. And thats a fact.
All corn doesn't go straight to cattle.
The subject no one will talk about, Western living standards.
Source:http://www.ers.usda.gov/AmberWaves/February08/Features/CornPrices.htm

So what's wrong with using that 55 percent of corn for ethanol first, then feeding it to livestock?
I bet you know as much about ethanol as these columnists tell you.
As for the last question, I don't know, but grains are definitely up there.
In the third 23 years we would use 4 units.
It's totally feasible to maintain population levels below the amount of available food.
As the population is today we have more than enough resources to feed everyone.
&gt; It's totally feasible to maintain population levels below the amount of available food.
The farmers I have personally known weren't in it to make money.
No farmer that I know has the time to raise the variety of crops necessary to feed their families.
With using more pre-processed corn for ethanol, it leaves less pre-processed corn to be used as feed.
My point is, don't get your education from one source.
Nice link, but I didn't see anything about using the residual left after ethanol production.
There is no way to feed 6 million people the amount of meat we eat in the west.
I bet 5 years ago you thought it was a great idea when they did.
So you are saying that we can support trillions of people on this Earth?
Not for farmers, it isn't.
FPS, population in the developed world is not governed by the availability of food!
&gt; So corn that otherwise would have gone straight to cattle

I think this is the flaw in your argument.
It is a simple mathematical fact that fewer people would result in a lower demand for energy, water, and food as well as less pollution.
Do you see why subsidies are necessary to keep the small farmers up and working?
If you'd like to debate the use of antibiotics in farm animals, I believe that's another subject.
*

Yes, on a couple different levels and that's why I stated it.
What do you think will happen to the price of commodities?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.59
