Original Response:
please quit distracting people with genocides that weren't about killing jews. they need sympathy and money more than anyone.
Wow, thank you for that; I was wondering where all the anti-Semites on reddit were.
What a disgusting comment...tells a lot about you and how miserable you are.
One Jew was accidentally killed in that genocide.
QUICK, here you go.  Breaking news about the holocaust:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/7364028.stm
I have no doubts the Armenian genocide occurred, and I don't like the fact that Turkey still has not admitted to it. However, I don't like this article's tone.

"There are many reasons why [Turkey] should not be allowed to become a part of this body... [including] religious obstacles which make the integration of this Muslim and increasingly religious country in EU simply dangerous."

First of all, I've been to Turkey, and it is a staunchly secular state. And by staunchly, I mean it is a crime to try to move the country away from secularism. Second, saying could be "dangerous" if a "Muslim country" joins the EU is simply a racist statement.
It's a shame you wouldn't have the slightest interest in this genocide if it wasn't committed by Muslims.
[deleted]
&gt;First of all, I've been to Turkey, and it is a staunchly secular state.

U-huh, and this is why the numbers voting for the Islamic party are increasing

&gt;Second, saying could be "dangerous" if a "Muslim country" joins the EU is simply a racist statement.

Islam is not a race, so you can't call it a racist statement
And this you know how?
It is still disgusting and insane that the Turkish government and people will not recognize the Genocide.  Its also loathsome how American and other nations do very little to help recognize this atrocity and further the admittance of the Genocide.
[deleted]
Because you post about 3 articles a day to reddit a day all of which are about Muslims.
(listens to System Of A Down's debut album)
What can I do, I live in the Middle East and I mostly (but not entirely)deal with what is happening in my neighborhood. But thank you for following my posts, highly appreciated;)
For reals, sheeple.  No one ever talks about the rumored genocide in Germany that happened AFTER this one.
Say what you want about the secularization of the state, but Turkey's perception of history and human rights are far different from those that claim "western" heritage.
You don't always post about the Middle East. The common denominator is always Muslims though.
&gt;You don't always post about the Middle East. The common denominator is always Muslims though.

Not true. Today I posted an article that did not involve Islam or Muslims directly (Brzezinski's interview to France 24). 

Yesterday I posted an article where the main topic wasn't Islam

I can go on and on...
i really enjoyed the use of Constantinople in the article. I refer to that city by that name all the time, especially around Turks. They hate it! 

EDIT:I'm getting modded down? get a sense of humour...
&gt;Islam is not a race, so you can't call it a racist statement

Of course not. But calling somebody a racist reduces the right wing nut job assume the fetal position and cry like a baby. It also wins the argument for you.
wait wat?
So take me back to Constantinople

No, you can't go back to Constantinople

Been a long time gone, Constantinople

Why did Constantinople get the works?

That's nobody's business but the Turks
How about the US leading by example. If they were to recognize the genocide of indigenous Americans and start paying reparations and having annual commemorations, that would really be something, wouldn't it?
I've just read your article on Brzezinski. It's true the main focus is a deranged rant attacking Obama. However, there are still seven places in the article where you refer to Muslims or Islam.

To be fair, I had taken you for a crazed European nationalist. If you live in the Middle East, perhaps your obsession with Muslims is more understandable.
My wife is 1/4 Armenian...she looks like 100% though...and her great, great grandparents came here in the early 20th century to escape the genocide.  Her great grandmother, who died not long ago, told her stories about growing up and hearing about relatives who had been killed by the Turks.

Pretty crazy stuff.  I had no idea about it until I met her.
It is not the anniversary! The genocide happened over several years and did not begin 93 years ago today. 
It is just a remembrance day today. 
Be more accurate and stop trying to make it sound you have discovered something unknown.
Again, thank you for being a regular reader.

Regarding the article about Brzezinski...you're right, the main point of the article was to demonstrate how dangerous Hussein Obama is, since the people who surround and advise him have no basic knowledge or ability to recognize the trends in the world (that explains the failed policies of Jimmy Dhimmi Carter).
&gt;To be fair, I had taken you for a crazed European nationalist. If you live in the Middle East, perhaps your obsession with Muslims is more understandable.

I am not obsessed with them. Frankly speaking, I don't give a flying toss about what's happening to them. As far as I'm concerned, let them shoot their women, hang their gays, chop off limbs of their thieves and stone the adulterers. Unfortunately THEY assault my values (most of which you and I, ironically, share)and this is why the situation requires me to look at them and understand the gutter culture they're raised upon. But not to generalize. Many of them are good and decent people who want to live a quiet normal life, and are sick of the crap that is going on around the world.
Here's an interesting story about an academic who claimed to be an Armenian Holocaust denier, and begged the Canadian police to arrest him, just to generate some public awareness.  It didn't work.  His fellow Canadians were just wonderfully too nice to him and sadly disinterested in what he had to say.

[Toronto Man Denies Armenian Holocaust, Given Free Coffee and Hug](http://akromatika.blogspot.com/2007/07/toronto-man-denies-armenian-holocaust.html)
[deleted]
Iraq, Darfur, Kashmir, Palestine Genocide-On going Today.
Wow, all that genocide in one day? Turkey wasn't fuckin' around!
And this is why the birth rates in "Palestine" are booming...:))))
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I think you've made it pretty clear how you feel about Muslims in this post. Belittling Barrak Obama by referring to him by his Muslim middle name says a lot about were you are coming from. I'm glad you recognize some Muslims are decent people though.
True Islam is not a race. But the statement is still racist because there is no distinction made between being "Turkish" and being "Muslim". If you lump all Turks and all Muslims together, that sounds a lot like a racial generalization.
Armenian women are fucking hawt.
It's not a racial generalization. I think any Muslim country joining the EU (like Albania, for example) is dangerous. Not because these are good and those are evil, but simply because in my opinion Islamic and Democratic communities can't live together, for better or worse - they are too different. And please don't tell me that Turkey is a democratic country. It is controlled by the military elite and the army who let their people play in democracy.
[deleted]
I can't believe it took this long for an irrational, ignorant redditor to turn this into a US bashing thread. 

[US pisses off Turkey](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/7038762.stm)
Yeah and the Spanish French and UK better get in on that.
What part of blame America first don't you understand? It ain't blame white people first. Not yet at least.
albania isnt a muslim country at most its half muslim.
this is written poorly
Vadimm is a fucking moron, lol.
Sweet -- time to kill some Turks in revenge of my Armenian brothers!!!!!

(Not Armenian, but belongs to the religion that some Armenians probably not)
Happy birthday Armenian Genocide.



No? Too soon?
&gt;albania isnt a muslim country at most its half muslim.

From [CIA World Fact Book:](https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/al.html#People)
Muslim 70%, Albanian Orthodox 20%, Roman Catholic 10% 

I say 70% pretty much makes it a Muslim country
just below the numbers 'note: percentages are estimates; there are no available current statistics on religious affiliation;'
you cant really know the number and it doesnt even list no religion and for a country that only allowed private religious practice in 1990 i find that a bit off. but ill concide i thought it was more like 55% muslim then again i may have seen that somewhere as theres no definte statistics.
He's got a point.  Somehow we're all to blame for the Jews getting offed by the Nazis, yet when it comes to other genocides (of which there are a number to choose from) nobody gives a shit.

Why does the Jewish Holocaust keep getting special attention while other equally repulsive holocausts are ignored?
Genocide?  Ninety percent of the indigs were killed by disease.  Most of the rest were butchered by the Spanish, long before 1776.  By the time the Union was formed there weren't that many native Americans left, and unless you measure "genocide" in the thousands this didn't occur on America's watch.

Yes, the American government acted like a bunch of assholes where the natives were concerned - just like every other nation that came into contact with a technologically inferior people did (here's looking at you, Europe).  Genocide?  Didn't happen.
I didn't name him Barak Hussein Obama. His step father did? ;)
I read somewhere "Jews" had a hand in the Armenian genocide, anybody hear of this?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't hate anyone. Not even you ;)
hahaha!

&gt; understand the gutter culture they're raised upon. But not to generalize.

dumbest thing ever said in defence of racism.  Jon Valjon, good job with the trolling!
Well, look at you. You're exactly the opposite - probably were raised in the civilized place, but look what came out of you.
If you rob a culture of their natural resources and way of life, thats genocide in my book. You don't need concentration camps and mass executions for that. Infectious deceases did certainly great harm to the natives, all the more reason to exploit their weakness and clean the continent, right?

Addendum : I'm calling out the US government not because it was itself the main perpetrator but because it represents a lot of people whose ancestors in the name of one or another colonial power, religious community, political and/or economic entity were responsible for those acts of barbarism. And the modern US did a poor Job at managing the affairs of the native rest population.
So many flaws in your statement but just so you know blaming the victim is only allowed if you are the US.
It's the other way around. 
Overpopulation leads to civil strife.
Here in LA, my normal 10 minute drive to work just took me an hour because the Armenians have closed down the streets of East Hollywood (with permits, it's all legal).  They've all got little Armenian flags on their cars.  

I'm getting a little Turkish flag to put on my car to protest the traffic for next year.
But "Turkish" isn't a race either.  How the hell can it be a "racist" statement in any way shape or for when race wasn't even on the radar?
This is just one example in a looooooong history of Muslim aggression against Christians. And no, the opposite has not occurred nearly as much. Much of the areas where Muslims now dominate used to be Christian, and were conquered by Muslims through warfare, basically in order to spread the rule of Islamic law.
His first last and middle name is arabic and muslim.  His upbringing was muslim then atheist then listening to his racist pastor for 20 years who cares more for Africa than the country they live in the USA.

Also, Muslims started the slave trade in Africa and still uses slaves today.  Slavery is endorsed i the Quran.
keep making assumptions . . .
Funny thing is that bill never ended up getting passed by Congress, if I recall correctly (IIRC). This was at the behest of yours truly George W.B.

So maybe Kvetch isn't as ignorant as you say. As the Bible tells us, before you go to remove the splinter from your neighbor's eye, first remove the plank from your own.

Edit: In fact, I do recal correctly: [U.S. House shelves Armenia genocide bill](http://archives.cnn.com/2000/ALLPOLITICS/stories/10/20/us.armenia/index.html)
You all accept the so called genocide as fact, though none of you have ever studied the issue. Armenians killed Turks. Turks killed Armenians. Shit happens. Why only remember one side?
&gt; Why does the Jewish Holocaust keep getting special attention while other equally repulsive holocausts are ignored?

I would guess that the fact that it was committed in what was and is thought of as the Western world has a lot to do with it. We expect barbarism from Africa, Russia, Muslims, etc.
If Turkey wants to get anywhere near getting accepted into the EU they need to

1. Admit the genocide occurred as part of their official history

2. Get the fuck out of Cyprus 

I still wouldn't let them in though
Yeah you're right. The Holocaust wasn't genocide either, remember how those bastards killed those noble Nazis in Warsaw? 

You can only call it genocide if people idly stand by and just allow themselves to be shipped off into the desert. Hence, no genocide called genocide is actually genocide. After all, it's not like the term simply means trying to eradicate a people.

Fun fact though, "the" genocide wasn't 93 years ago today, it took place over a span of a dozen or so years.
Wow, how much more anti-semetic could you be?
wow, one would expect to pick up some bias undertones in an article such as this but the first paragraph hits you like a truck.
He said...

&gt;American and other nations do very little to help recognize this atrocity

Which is complete bullshit. I'd say federal legislatures pushing bills on it does quite a bit to help people recognize the genocide. I posted a link to point that out. Americans and others from around the world are pretty vocal about it even if we can't get our govts to formally denounce it, which is a problem in it's own right. But in the end it's not up to the rest of the world to right another nations wrongs, after all, no one has a pleasant history.
[deleted]
[In the Ottoman Empire, in accordance with the Muslim dhimmi system, Armenians, as Christians, were guaranteed limited freedoms (such as the right to worship), but were treated as second-class citizens. Christians and Jews were not considered equals to Muslims: testimony against Muslims by Christians and Jews was inadmissible in courts of law. They were forbidden to carry weapons or ride atop horses, their houses could not overlook those of Muslims, and their religious practices would have to defer to those of Muslims, in addition to various other legal limitations.[8] Violation of these statutes could result in punishments ranging from the levying of fines to execution.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armenian_Genocide#Life_under_Ottoman_rule)
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm not a Holocaust denier, prick. Armenians attacked Turks because they wanted a country. Kurds, Arabs, Jews, Greeks, and others did the same. Britain starved off the Turkish homeland while the Armenians attacked Turkey. Eventually, the Turks decided to deport them. How is that genocide?
Jolly, you seem to know alot about this subject, what is your source of information?
YEah, just like those meddlesome Jews in Germany, right?
I'm dying to know which part of that was 'hatred'?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
The plan was mastered and called Genocide 

Took all the children and then we died, 

The few that remained were never found, 

All in a system of Down!
[deleted]
What pieces of spoils... could you be referring to the Armenian villages under Turkish control after the genocide?

What killing squads... perhaps you're referring to the Armenian assassins who took out the leaders of the Young Turks who orcestrated the genocide?
You implied that the Armenians must have done something that would have justified the their genocide.
the other side of the coin
http://www.ermenisorunu.gen.tr/english/intro/index.html
Interesting web site, a bit anti-semetic. But I'm going to have to believe the wiki entry on it, you are offcourse free to edit wiki and change the admin's minds on it.
I tend to believe the first hand accounts of my wife's ancestors than Ottoman government reports.
[Serdar](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serdar_Argic) [Argic](http://w2.eff.org/Net_culture/Hackers/serdar_argic.article).
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes those 2 points were my exhaustive list of what Turkey needs to do for EU membership. 

I wouldn't ever let them in though as evidenced by my use of the word 'never'. 

Make sure you throw around accusations of hatred though next time someone puts forward valid criticisms of a country.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Chronology of the Armenian Genocide.

http://www.armenian-genocide.org/chronology.html
The Palestinian blog saying Jews destroyed his village. Thats why I said a bit, if he said Israeli's or offered the name of the village it would be different. But he specifically said Jews, as if he talked to them and saw them do it.
[deleted]
Armenia has been around since 650BC, we've endured all kinds of empire expansions by the Turks, and the Persians.

Call me crazy but last time I checked, fighting back an oppressive government thats trying to wipe you off the face of the Earth is the right thing to do if you like to live free.

And if you guys don't like the word genocide, there are always alternatives... how about State-sponsored mass killings, or Ethnic Cleansing... still doesn't make it any easier to accept it does it.
[deleted]
The government of Turkey wouldn't even consider lying about such a thing, or fabricate facts to try and protect itself from what happened. They're on the side of truth!

Thats just crazy talk....

Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely.
You're re-writing History. I believe it was the Brits who talked the Armenians into revolting. They were a part of the Ottoman Empire before that. Nobody oppressed them so long as they paid taxes. And, Armenia has only existed since the fall of the Ottoman Empire. Dude, your bias is sooooooooo obvious. Just ignore all the Turks that Armenians slaughtered, because they're Muslim after all.
Let me get this straight, after the genocide the Armenians decided to take revenge... and you want me to feel sympathy for them?

You understand that Armenians are actually not Turk citizens... that they have had their own country, their own culture, their own Christian religion waaaaay before the Ottomon empire decided they wanted their lands. Oh and btw, it wasn't their government... the government was hand picked by the leaders of the Young Turk movement in 1908.

So.. you expect me to have sympathy for invaders, oppressors, and murderers?
MASSIVE FAILURE.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armenia

Sorry bud, but your history teacher has failed you in this area. 

Your claim of biased is true, I am Armenian if you haven't guessed by now, you see my grandparents were children who survived the Armenian genocide.

And regarding your claims of re-writing history, please... you sound ignorant.

Even with all thats happened, even with all the hurt and anger I feel, I would still extend my hand to help a Turk, a Muslim, or any decent human being.

I've lived for 12 years n Iran, some in Europe, and most of it the US. Don't take me for a close minded Christian, I'm far from it brother, I see all of us as one race... the human race.

And in closing, the Turkish government systematically took away from the Armenian communities their businesses, weapons, conscripted 20-45 year old Armenian men into its Army then lined them up in firing squads and shot them in front of the Armenian populace to keep them in order, murdered the leaders of the Armenian communities, long before any retaliations began to take place by the Armenians.

The only one here re-writing history is the Turkish government, sorry bud.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Such as?
&gt;discrimination agains muslims is a widespread

Oh, I wonder why. I guess those are Buddhists who blow up building, school buses and behead hostages.
The Turkish occupation of northern Cyprus is not an irrelevant point at all. The EU leadership has said that Turkey will have to pull out of Cyprus if it wants membership. This isn't something I'm just pulling out of my ass because I have an axe to grind.

Regarding the genocide being relevant to Turkeys EU membership, I grant you it doesn't really make much practical difference but again the EU leadership has been putting pressure on the Turkish leadership to apologize as part of the terms of membership
[deleted]
If I remember correctly, it's the Turks who've called for more research into the matter, and the Armenian government has rejected every offer.
Here is a recent example.
http://www.panarmenian.net/news/eng/?nid=25828


And, your grandparents fought for a country. That's why you have one. You think they merely asked for it? They killed Turks for it, and Europe helped.

AND, why did you add that stupid Wiki link? Armenia was part of the Ottoman Empire. It wasn't Armenia back then. I know you have to have pride for your country and all, but you're just showing a bias.

I'm done with this thread. Arguing with you is like arguing with a Palestinian or Israeli about the Arab-Israeli issue. You're just too corrupted by ideology.
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;a fundementalist is a fundementalist

I beg to disagree.
A story lost for so many decades??

Heres a history lesson for you, April 24th is commemorated as the date of the unfolding of the Armenian Genocide.

On the night of April 24, 1915, the Turkish government placed under arrest over 200 Armenian community leaders in Constantinople. Hundreds more were apprehended soon after. They were all sent to prison in the interior of Anatolia, where most were summarily executed.

So this isn't something that has 'just poped up now' as you claim.

And you refer to 'historians' that cannot really come into any conclusions... who are these historians?

If you scroll down you'll notice a comment I left which states that my grand parents were children who survived the Armenian genocide, I think I have a very clear understanding of what occurred.

And as far as 'does it really matter'?

It matters to me, my family, and my people... clearly this subject doesn't matter to you, yet you claim to know more about this subject than people who have actually gone through it.

Right...
&gt; article was to demonstrate how dangerous Hussein Obama .... Jimmy Dhimmi Carter

And *vadimm*  wins today's *Reddit Rightwing Fruitcake Cocksucker of the Day Award*!

Congratulations! You get a free copy of *Mein Kampf*, an Ann Coulter blowup doll (with 2 orifices and a small phallus) and a lifelong membership to the Bill O'Reilly Loofah Club!
I agree with you, the petty squabbles really don't actually affect the actual politics. Turkey will probably be let in regardless of what they have been doing over the past 90 odd years. The EU has zero balls.

The situation in Cyprus though is messed up and yes, both sides should share the blame for what has happened there. The occupation though helps no-one. If we can use EU membership as a stick to try and fix the situation in Cyprus then why not.
[deleted]
Running away solves everything... good job bro.

Armenia has been around for thousands of years, sorry... thats a fact. Whoever taught you otherwise had an agenda.

But since you now know about the 'incorrect' information inside that wiki link, perhaps you can have it corrected with your superior knowledge on this matter.

My grandparents didn't actually get to fight you see... when the Turkish army took them from their village and marched them through a Turkish settlement the Turkish soldiers decided to start killing them, and the Turkish citizens joined in the mass killing of Armenian families. This is a personal story that my grandmother told me.

They were lucky enough to get away and headed into Iran.

"I'm done with this thread. Arguing with you is like arguing with a Palestinian or Israeli about the Arab-Israeli issue."

BTW - I take the Palestinian side in this.
Welcome to government roads.
If anyone cause the genocide of Palestinians, it is Hamas. Palestinians have to kick Hamas out of their neighborhoods to stop the rocket firing because they know of the retaliation that will happen, and the uselessness of the rockets(documented by human rights groups).
"Until a couple of years ago even Armenia was not aware of a genocide"

False, what is your source of information on this?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
What year was your shit-hole of a country founded? early 20th century, right? Before then, the Turks governed your land. You're just delusional.
I'm going to ignore your 'shit-hole' comment because its pretty juvenile.

Armenia, its people, its culture, its language, art, religion, etc has been around for thousands of years. It was formed way before there was such a thing as a Turkey, Ottomon empire, even the Muslim religion.

There are Christian churches in many parts of Armenia, some carved right into the mountains of Armenia, with Armenian writings, art, etc.. these churches were the foundations of Armenia and its people about 1700 years ago. Armenia was the first country to accept Christianity as its religion in 301AD.. so your claims of early 20th century are incorrect.

I've written these comments not for you, but to inform other readers who happen on this topic, since you seem pretty close minded on this subject.
No, not that one, it was another one.

You don't know him.

He was from Canada.
To my old friends on Hobart Street, LA! The French guy is still parading with you in his heart! (if you're not Armenian, and not from LA, you won't understand)
Suuuure. Like Hitler used to say to his generals worrying about the german legacy about the genecide over the jews (and gays, and gypsies, handicaped, blacks, communists, composing at least one third of the 6 millions who died in camps; poor souls who, btw, zionists don't give a fuck. For them, all six millions of folks who died in camps were jews): "Who remember the Armenian genocide?"
[deleted]
Ah, there's that famous Armenian sense of humour.

Still think you should get over it. Happened before the holocaust, and no-one still goes on about that.
Wow, modded down for factual correctness.

Summary:
And this you know how?
Armenians attacked Turks because they wanted a country.
I am not obsessed with them.
That's why you have one.
Wow, all that genocide in one day?
Still think you should get over it.
Chronology of the Armenian Genocide.
Get the fuck out of Cyprus 

I still wouldn't let them in though.
I think any Muslim country joining the EU (like Albania, for example) is dangerous.
One Jew was accidentally killed in that genocide.
I posted a link to point that out.
It's the other way around.
It is still disgusting and insane that the Turkish government and people will not recognize the Genocide.
You don't always post about the Middle East.
It wasn't Armenia back then.
They killed Turks for it, and Europe helped.
Islam is not a race, so you can't call it a racist statement.
If you live in the Middle East, perhaps your obsession with Muslims is more understandable.
Armenia was part of the Ottoman Empire.
I'm glad you recognize some Muslims are decent people though.
However, I don't like this article's tone.
Second, saying could be "dangerous" if a "Muslim country" joins the EU is simply a racist statement.
BTW - I take the Palestinian side in this.
They were a part of the Ottoman Empire before that.
Armenia has been around for thousands of years, sorry... thats a fact.
The only one here re-writing history is the Turkish government, sorry bud.
But the statement is still racist because there is no distinction made between being "Turkish" and being "Muslim".
It was formed way before there was such a thing as a Turkey, Ottomon empire, even the Muslim religion.
And please don't tell me that Turkey is a democratic country.
What part of blame America first don't you understand?
The common denominator is always Muslims though.
And as far as 'does it really matter'?
I'm dying to know which part of that was 'hatred'?
Just ignore all the Turks that Armenians slaughtered, because they're Muslim after all.
But "Turkish" isn't a race either.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.26
