Original Response:
So why exactly is this news? A nation in an almost constant state of emergency holds a military exercise?
It wasn't a military exercise, it was a propaganda exercise just like the US used "Duck and Cover" to instil a lifelong fear of the soviets into very young children. Or do you think hiding under a desk is valid nuclear fallout shelter?
They're trying to draw ships full of men to be dashed on the rocks so they can pull them into the icy depths.
Well, you gotta admit, the title is acurate.  What a twist!  'round here, nothing is what it seems to be.
Oh pah-lease.

What are they going to do next? Hold mock funerals so that they know how to be sad when their relatives die?

What a load of bullshit, the Israeli government is only trying to make the people afraid of a non-existant threat to drum up support for war.
I don't think that a desk provides sufficient cover against a nuclear attack, but then again, was that really what anyone was saying? Sheesh. Israel, unlike the United States in the 1950s, is under threat constantly. They need to hold these exercises in order to SURVIVE. 

The propaganda is an all together different matter.
&gt; I don't think that a desk provides sufficient cover against a nuclear attack, but then again, was that really what anyone was saying? 

My point is that [duck and cover was 99% propaganda](http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=%22duck%20and%20cover%22%20propaganda) to justify the governments actions. It was not taught for the public benefit. Vast quantities of tax payer revenue were funnelled to arms corporations to fight the threat and the public had to be constantly reminded of that threat to justify it all. 

The 1% of non-propaganda dates back to the pre-atomic age when it brought a slight improvement to your survival chances. 

&gt; They need to hold these exercises in order to SURVIVE.

This exercise was for waves of incoming attack fighters. Have the Palestinian terrorists developed an airforce now?

It's 100% propaganda. They need the Israeli public terrified to justify their actions in Gaza and the West Bank. Sirens and bomb shelters are great for that.
As far as I know, Palestinian fighters are not the only threat Israel faces. There seem to be other hostile nations in the area, no?
Nope. Certainly not any that will attack a nuclear power who publicly states on a monthly basis that they will "wipe their enemies off the map" if they ever get the chance.

Nukes are a decent deterrent and they have worked for Israel ever since the US helped to give them the illegal WMD technologies.
Please give a citation where Israel said they will use nukes to wipe their neighbors off the map.
Israel was at war less than two years ago(Israel was attacked first). Israel is constantly bombarded by rockets from Gaza. Can you please be more specific about your definition of non-existant threat?
[I take it you are trolling me?](http://www.google.co.uk/search?hl=en&amp;safe=off&amp;q=israel+threaten+to+nuke+iran&amp;spell=1). Top three links include Fox News and MSNBC. Good enough for you? 

They make this threat on a regular basis. How could you miss it? Or were you hoping that I would not see your reply and other people might think there was no proof of what I were saying?
I was searching for Israel and saw your retarded comment.

MSNBC: “massive retaliation,” without defining what the phrase meant.

FOX News: do I even have to answer this? Half the people here automatically believe the opposite of what they say.

Israel has specifically never said they were a nuclear power, even though its widely assumed they are.
Number of civilians dead? Ooops, hardly any?

Then Israel attacks, kills how many innocent people and then is like 'oh, sorry.... see they were totally firing rockets from on top of hospitals and stuff, we promise... yes, really... what, you want proof? Oh, you should take our word for it'.
"Hardly any?" One is enough, if Hamas wants to keep firing and killing Israelis, you can expect the Israeli army to go after them. Lets say I killed your mother by firing a gun in a random direction miles away, wouldn't you expect there to be some consequenses for me? And when Hezbollah attacked they killed several soldiers and kidnapped two. And on top of that started firing rockets on neighboring towns, how do you not expect retaliation. And don't take Israel's word for it, many Human Rights groups condemned Hamas for exactly that. And there are documented cases of Palestinians kicking Hamas out of their neighborhoods so they wouldn't shoot rockets because they knew the Israeli response.
one is enough?

I guess Hammas is justified too, because the IDF have killed hundreds of civilians versus Hammas... which has killed like tens of civilians if even that.

I like how you have completely bought into the propoganda, I guess it takes a special kind of twisted mentality to accept the death of hundreds of innocent people just in case 2 or 3 people might or might not die.

The worst Hammas has ever done is respond to Israels attacks, if you recall the people who started it all was Israel, the founding thereof no less. You don't just take away peoples land and expect them to sit down and say 'ok'. Ironically that's what the palestinians did, though that wasn't good enough and now they have to give up their entire land.
Both sides have killed thousands. And its not might or might not die, its people dying from daily rocket attacks. Since there is a very good alert system few have died.

To say Israel started anything is compeltely retarded. The UN founded Israel. There were plenty of terrorist attacks against Jews by the Palestinians long before the founding of Israel. How about the mass murder of 67 Jews in 1929 nearly 20 years before Israel was founded.
do me a favour, look up the statistics. I garantee one side hasn't killed as many as the other side by severel fold no less =)

&gt;To say Israel started anything is compeltely retarded. The UN founded Israel. 

and the UN started this shit, it was a mistake the UN made.


That doesn't justify retribution against people who are not involved and if that was the case, then why was Israel founded on palestinian land? The whole point the zionists were making was that they felt persecuted all over the world and wanted their own country where they wouldn't be persecuted. imo Palestine was not the place if they were being killed 'en mass. There's a little hole in your logic. If they really wanted to feel safe and so long as the US wants to help make them feel safe then Israel should have been founded somewhere on US land.

In any case that does not justify taking away peoples homes.

Anywho, I'm done here, can't be arsed discussing anything with a fool such as yourself =)
Why would I need to look up statistics in a war between a bunch of retards launching missiles from school roof tops and one of the best armies in the world. What did you expect, Israel to give human sacrificies when Hamas yet again did something stupid and got a bunch of civilians killed?

The second the resolution was passed, Arabs started killing Jewish civilians who had nothing to do with it. Since the founding of Israel, Arab countries around it have taken away land four times the size of Israel from Jews. How about they give some of that land to the Palestinians. US wasn't helping Israel at all until after the first Arab-Israeli war. Don't bring US into this, many in the US hated the Jews as much as Hitler and thought he had the right idea at the time. The only reason US started to help was because they realized they needed a base in the Middle East.

And obviously it didn't even bother you that they were being killed en' mass as you say. So fuck you.

Yeah people that have different opinions then you are obviously nowhere near as intelligent, so take care then.
well, in every western nation i know stealing is a no no. you steal and avoid punishment, you feel being on the run all the time.

Summary:
How about they give some of that land to the Palestinians.
I don't think that a desk provides sufficient cover against a nuclear attack, but then again, was that really what anyone was saying?
And its not might or might not die, its people dying from daily rocket attacks.
To say Israel started anything is compeltely retarded.
There were plenty of terrorist attacks against Jews by the Palestinians long before the founding of Israel.
&gt; I don't think that a desk provides sufficient cover against a nuclear attack, but then again, was that really what anyone was saying?
That doesn't justify retribution against people who are not involved and if that was the case, then why was Israel founded on palestinian land?
US wasn't helping Israel at all until after the first Arab-Israeli war.
They need to hold these exercises in order to SURVIVE.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
