Original Response:
He will walk through the valley unafraid.
Not paying bribes, uh, WAM?  Being consistent to his underlying philosophy (it's the message, not selling your soul to the machine)?  Another reason to vote for him.
Also, he killed a bear when he was only 3.

Sorry kids, hes a politician, hes just as corrupt and evil as every other politician.
Come on, he's a Senator from Chicago.  He should know how to put money on the street.
So... "Pay up or we vote for Hillary"? FUCK YOU PHILLY!
We have to get our domestic election corruption news from a British news source.
Also:

[OBAMA WILL MAKE YOU A GOURMET EGGPLANT PARMESAN MEAL, WITH SALAD, ROLLS AND FRESH STRAWBERRIES AND CREAM FOR DESERT](http://obamawill.com/projects/meal/)
I you have to be bribed to Vote, you don't deserve it.
&gt;She added that there was nothing dirty about it.  "They have to buy coffee, orange juice and doughnuts. That's just the way it is."

Fuck, I need doughnuts too!  Hillary pay me $400, or I'm keeping my vote with Obama.
hey, do you the know the link for the Hillary generator?  It's something like Hillarywearsmompants.com
Obama: good. Hillary: bad.
i can belive that no one has made a big deal out of 'street money' its obvious coruption and defeats the whole basis of the election they are voting in
Election extortion!  

A new low for the Democrats. 

 Why the FUCK do you think there are so many independents, you fatheaded Philly shitkickers?   

What a bunch of grubby little Fagins.
I'm a geek. I get the image of the limo throwing money out of the window from SimCity.
Maybe you read it wrong. He's *refusing* to pay the "street money" bribe.
By that logic, if he's from the *right* part of Chicago, he should know how to put yo' momma on the street, too.
says who?  You expect him to admit hes paying bribes?
Philadelphia is very much a machine town, like Chicago, and probably many others, large and small.

I've never participated in the machine, and I did vote for Obama this morning. There are many Philadelphias.
Why do politicians make decisions that are bad for their constituents?

To do anything, they were forced to compromise their values to people with money and power.  And, they expect that their constituents won't ever find out.

Obama is the first of a new generation of politicians that realize that money is not a good motivation and compromising to those with money is not a good method.  The constituency will find out, and it is corrupting to politicans.  

I see this action as an extension of his philosophy to other members of the political process, and it just feels so clean it's hard to believe.
The American democracy is built on donuts.
fsck! i'll take $350; come on Billary, gimme da money
He doesn't need to pay anyways :)

Look at philly county's population/party gain and loss:
http://tinyurl.com/4rghc4
They lost a small chunk of their population, but they also lost more than 25% of their republican voters.

Basically if the republicans win philly, you know the whole damn thing was rigged.
&gt;Firefox can't establish a connection to the server at www.googleadservices.com.

You're the man, Adblock Plus!


URL decoded to: [this messy guy!](http://maps.google.com/maps/mpl?moduleurl=http://www.google.com/mapfiles/mapplets/elections/2008/primary/primaries.xml&amp;utm_campaign=en&amp;utm_source=en-ha-na-us-google-mp&amp;utm_term=decision2008#utm_campaign=en&amp;utm_medium=ha&amp;utm_source=en-ha-na-us-sk-gm&amp;utm_term=pa%20voting)
I liked the one with Tom Hanks.
In short Obama wont pay the extortion money but Clinton will. Sounds about par for the course.  Although I wonder if Hillary id going to pay with IOUs.
\[worldnews\] != \[politics\]
Oh, yes, of course. I'm sorry, your cynicism is on a higher plane than mine. I didn't make the obvious connection.
waiting for the complementary election fraud post.
huh?
Seriously though, is he going to say "hey im paying bribes to these guys!"  no.
and who is from Chicago?
*He's* not the one complaining. *They* are bitching that he didn't pay them off.
Is the article just too hard to read? 

Obama's not the one admitting or denying anything in this case.

The people who normally take this bribe money are the ones saying he's not paying them.
Right.  And.. again, do you expect them to admit it?

You need to have your head examined kid.
Again, do you expect anyone to admit they are taking bribes from a politician ?  You realize its illegal, right?

He also didnt rape me, i guess that makes him awesome?

You guys are fucking retarded, you get all excited and self righteous about shit that are non issues.
no wonder this election is a mess
Why would these ward bosses take his money and then claim he didn't pay them?

You know what? forget it. You don't know what you're talking about and trolling at the same time. Asking you to think or read is a waste of time.
Old news . . . read the NY Times from like 2 weeks ago.
All the Obama supporters are naive morons.

Obama is just whispering sweet nothings in your ear, he has your panties down around your ankles and he's telling you he's only going to put the tip in.

This guy is pushing a very carefully constructed image and people are falling all over themselves to cover for him. He's arrogant, elitist and smug.  You're all in for a hard dose of reality.  But what the hell do I know?  I'm too busy bitterly clinging to my guns and religion.
Haha, any other Wire viewers read this story and think about Sen. Clay Davis making sure to get this kind of money?

"Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet"
Well, if it's controversial it seems to be so.
So, to win he has to be corrupt?

I would hope he loses then. I'd rather have an uncorrupt senator than ANOTHER corrupt presidential candidate.
Forget I said anything. I don't know what I was thinking.

...and don't forget, Jesus loves you.
Right, because im not a completely gullible tool i must be trolling.

Can i have some of the shit you are smoking?
yawn........
Only a couple hours until the front page stories about voting machine fraud start appearing....
Seriously - I was leaning towards Obama before reading this.  He now has my vote.

Someone needs to put him in charge of General Motors if he somehow loses this election.
Obama can stick it all the way in.

Still better than licking Hildog's snizz or McCain's wrinkly balls.

Go cling yourself.
Old news. Today's New York Times (April 22) ran a piece stating that Hillary wasn't paying up either. Not for any ethical reasons, per se, but due only to the fact that her campaign is broke.
[deleted]
in short, the obama camp makes a big deal about him not bribing people, and it makes trolls like you assume clinton does.
[Citation Needed]
yeah I don't think that she had the money to do it
I laughed hysterically when he held that out for like 15 seconds.
In the shadow of death.
I made the mistake of venturing over to the politics subreddit today.  Please keep this crap over there along with the "Obama is the awesomest" and "Clinton/McCain torture puppies" stories.
which is strange since Obama is from Chicago, you'd think he'd be familiar with this. Or if this is all a political statement, you'd think we'd have heard more about it.
File system check 'em all. Let god sort it out.
Turns out it's about $400 and they use it to buy coffee and go around talking to people.
What the hell does that have to do with ward leaders demanding money? I'm sorry the supporters (from both sides) are annoying you, but that's not the issue here.
It was in the LA Times 11 days ago:
http://www.latimes.com/news/politics/la-na-streetmoney11apr11,0,6553901.story

Some Blog:
http://althouse.blogspot.com/2008/04/obama-wont-pay-street-money.html

Pittsburgh Post Gazette:
http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/08103/872783-457.stm

I'm pretty sure I saw something linked through Reddit around that time too...
actually I did think of The Wire when this story first came out...I remember some dude from the Carcetti campaign gave Randy street money to put fliers in doors
You should be able to use the new Reddit search to find it. :D

(Seriously, though, it was here.  I submitted one of many.)
volunteers are great, but since when is paying people for their hard work canvassing an immoral thing? i guarantee a good amount of those workers would like a small payment for the day or two of work they missed to help out obama. it's just selfish to think that they don't deserve even some food for the day...
Simpson/Wiggum '08!
So in essence your argument against him is that he's just like all the others?  

Or do you think that Hillary and McCain aren't arrogant, elitist, and smug?  

I'm a little confused what your argument is.
It was in the NYTimes today, and they claimed that Hillary didn't pay it either.
Which is probably why you're hearing them complain. If *anyone* had paid them, then you wouldn't hear a peep and they would be getting the vote out for their "candidate" (read employer).
Obama definitely does not need to put money on the streets of Philly. Its the "Pennsyltuckey" parts of PA that are up for grabs.
Fuck these ward heelers. Obama's great strength is his refusal to play old-time machine politics.
Is there a Pennsylvania primary tracking up yet?
That sounds like a good...

Wait, did you just see that pig fly by my window? The ground *does* feel a little cold today - must be hell freezing over. Reddit search? Ha!
The article only mentioned that this was a democrat tradition. Are the republicans 'required' to do the same thing?
since she is spending $1.10 to Obama's 0.75 cents. Obama has the money but won't pay on principal, Clinton doesn't have the money... would she pay if she did?
Pennsyltucky...LOL!
In a New York minute!
[This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrfCixsd2N8)?

(me too)
My argument is that Obama is EXACTLY like the rest.  The fact that he is smug, arrogant and elitist is only made worse by the hoards of supporters who believe he really is different.  Only after he pops your cherry will you find out he had herpes all along.
Kudos to Obama for bucking long embedded traditions that we could really stand to lose.
This was in Philadelphia magazine in like... March?
You mean, you were considering Hillary?
Man the 5th season was a let down.
If the clintons aren't paying bribes then why not say so? Amazing how you clintonistas call troll against anyone who disagrees with you.
Half a million dollars in OJ.. mmmm... diabetes
Why can't you legally own a flamethrower? 

Of course you can't use on people just because they bother you.
Heh. That's what some old friends of mine who live in rural PA call it.
You know, Hillary isn't Satan.
You could have fooled me.
Okay, so it's a combination of you believing that he's just like other politicians, and the fact that he's saying that he's not (and people believe him).

Fair enough.

Personally, I'd rather take even a low chance that he's really different, vs. a 0% chance that hillary or mccain is different, but I can see your point.
In other news...there is such a periodical as Philadelphia Magazine.
We had a similar discussion about this many months back.  My friend provided some insights in the final post here: http://reddit.com/info/1ipl7/comments/c1irgo
Just saying, the news is always there, people usually just don't notice.
What an obamabot degenerate you are. First of all, Obama outspent Hillary 3 to 1 in Pennsylvannia. Second of all, if Obama doesn't pay for votes then it's because he's principled. But if Hillary doesn't pay for votes, you still try to bash her? This is why you obamabots are slowly but surely destroying any chance of Obama winning in November. Lousy scum obamabots.
So Hillary didn't pay for votes either. Shouldn't you vote for her too then? Ridiculous obamabots...
Moron, where in the obama hit piece did the article say Hillary bought votes? Hillary also didn't pay for votes. Lousy scum obamabot.
America runs on Dunkin' after all....
No surprise here considering that Philadelphia is one of the most corrupt cities in the country.
Maybe, maybe not. Obama still did very well considering the huge gap that he shrunk down.
No, because she is a failure as a senator and destined to bring political doom upon the party in 2008 if she is on the ticket.
She wins one state, and already you've got Stockholm syndrome?
Ended up he didn't need much help anyway?
And the most hilarious use of "Stockholm syndrome" award goes to...

...wendelgee2.
Uh, Fuck you sideways buddy!

I didn't bash Hillary, I asked a question.

And the 1.10 to .75 cent spending difference was a refrence to a story posted on Reddit Yesterday, you fuck wit! See for yourself.

http://www.electiongeek.com/blog/2008/04/22/the-money-race/
Root... let root sort it out...
At least you can admit to yourself that the chance of this guy truly being different is low.  My take on this election is this: the republicans need to be punished for screwing up this badly by 1) failing to have a strategy to win both wars, 2) failing on the economy, and 3) stacking the supreme court with conservatives.  The shame is that McCain may be the best they have had to offer in a long time; too bad about 2000.

Clinton is a known quantity.  I'm far from in love with her or the democrats, but at least I know what we got under Bill; pussy foreign policy and endless, annoyingly positive spin on everything.  However, we also had economic stability and predictability.  

Promising change is one thing, delivering is a *much* different thing.  Obama won't be able to deliver.  "Change the world"?  Bullsh*t.
[deleted]
The level of discourse from a clintonista.
I'd like to thank the Police Academy, Carol Smith, uh...Patty Hearst, Elizabeth Smart. This one's for you!
You need a citation to know when you about to be f*cked up the...?

I rest my case.
Yea it does indeed go to:
http://www.google.com/mapfiles/mapplets/elections/2008/primary/primaries.xml

but it seems that the author took it down or something, because I can't access it :(

it really was a beautiful map....
she seems to lie a lot too
&gt;You know, Hillary isn't Satan.

You're right - Satan at least tried to get man to accept knowledge so he could make up his own mind about things.

Summary:
He now has my vote.
Hillary also didn't pay for votes.
So... "Pay up or we vote for Hillary"?
He should know how to put money on the street.
I don't know what I was thinking.
You expect him to admit hes paying bribes?
He's *refusing* to pay the "street money" bribe.
So Hillary didn't pay for votes either.
Hillary pay me $400, or I'm keeping my vote with Obama.
I you have to be bribed to Vote, you don't deserve it.
The people who normally take this bribe money are the ones saying he's not paying them.
yeah I don't think that she had the money to do it.
Fuck, I need doughnuts too!
Second of all, if Obama doesn't pay for votes then it's because he's principled.
*He's* not the one complaining.
You know, Hillary isn't Satan.
Obama definitely does not need to put money on the streets of Philly.
But what the hell do I know?
In short Obama wont pay the extortion money but Clinton will.
You don't know what you're talking about and trolling at the same time.
I submitted one of many.)
I didn't make the obvious connection.
Seriously though, is he going to say "hey im paying bribes to these guys!"

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.13
