Original Response:
&gt;No thinking person would defend the People's Republic of China.

I'm willing to bet that there are tens of thousands of "thinking people" in China who defend it all the time.
I want to disagree, but I honestly can't.
Well, I didn't say it was a perfect argument.
This article *does* contain good arguments: that engaging with China, rather than turning away from them will, first, shine a light on their abuses (hopefully helping to end them) and, second, demonstrate that peaceful engagement is possible.

However, the part about how we shouldn't ask athletes to give up their lifelong dreams is silly.

1. The idea that the *whole* *world* is somehow obligated to bend over backwards to accommodate such dreams, is ridiculous.

2. The people who came is second (and third and fourth ...) in the olympic try-outs had to give up their dreams. Making the winners give up theirs, too, doesn't change much.

3. If someone's entire life is focussed on a 5-minute performance the summer they are 20, then they don't really have a life. Perhaps they ought to get one. Don't expect me to get too upset if their current plan falls through.

Don't get me wrong. If someone can run very fast, or whatever, then I say good for them. But I think it is nutty to say that one person's dreams of competing in a sporting event should be an important influence on national foreign policy.

(UPDATE: To clarify, I do *not* think that boycotting the Olympics is a good idea. My point in this comment is that, of the three arguments the article advances to support this position [that a boycott is bad], the first two are sensible, but the third is silly.)
I would agree with you if the Olympics were just a sporting event. The whole point of the article is that they are - or traditionally have been - much more than that.
Agreed, don't boycott the olympics, just boycott China's sponsors.  How easy would it be to identify them, versus the sponsors of the US olympic program? The athletes shouldn't suffer, but China will lose money.
I guess it needs saying:  If we should boycott China because their rulers are kind of evil - should everyone boycott the US for the same reason?
UM... let the US athletes compete, but encourge the president not to attend the opening ceremony, and definitely don't watch any of it on TV and don't buy from the advertisers. The boycott is all about the money.
I'm Boycotting the 2008 Olympics but I'm happy for my countries athletes to compete and win.
[like these?](http://en.beijing2008.cn/90/53/column211995390.shtml)
maybe
At the ceremony there will be an old man trying to find a seat but there are none available. At the Chinese section nobody offers him a seat, but then when he reaches USA's section, everyone gets up to offer a seat. All the countries then arise out of their seats and applauds the United States! Horray!
1) Fuck the athletes, and their dreams.  They are good for nothing, wasting their effort on entertainment so that real progress can be postponed while the rest of us neither rise up against our rulers, nor do anything useful with the time that they take from us.  They should get a real job.

2) This sort of argument might fly if the IOC weren't willing to sue people who coverred the olympics on their blogs, and hadn't made themselves an enemy of the free people of the world. It's predictable that an an enemy of the free people of the world would use China as a place to hold a flagship event.

3) Genocide.
Argument is full of fallacies.  It reads like a weak troll.  Mainly:

&gt;More determined than ever, they stayed nine years.

He states this like it was caused by the lack of Olympics.

&gt;If nations boycott the Olympics every time a host nation does something they don't like, soon there will be no Olympics

This is false.  Plenty of nations get along very well, and the Olympics would continue among them.  Also, it's a strawman: This isn't about *liking*.

&gt;That's no doubt why the International Olympic Committee chose Beijing in the first place.

Speculation, not backed up by anything on his page.

&gt;Politicians and pundits who so blithely suggest the United States should boycott the Olympics ought to give up their lifelong dreams and quit their careers in protest. After all, that's what they're asking the athletes to do - give up their lifelong dreams.

No, because that's not the only factor at work in the request to boycott China.  I hate this evasive shitty attempt at an argument.
Heh, this is why I hand around reddit. I like to read a nice, thought provoking article every now and then, and this is just the article to make you go huh, and reconsider your previous certainties.
Are you kidding me? China is KILLING PEOPLE. Yes. Ending human lives both directly and indirectly, on top of a disturbing list of other human rights violations. Any athlete who values a gold medal over making a statement that could save lives, both in the short and long run, is a jackass.

Don't even get me started on the torch runners. How are French athletes, for example, feeling after running past thousands of their enraged countrymen while implicitly endorsing China? I hope pretty bad.
You reminded me, there was a thing on foxnews.com (I rarely go but it was linked to by reddit) that happened to have an accompanying video.  I clicked the link, but the correct video never came up.  Instead, this video where some victim of the 'last' boycott in 1980? was whining about how he could have been a household name were it not for the boycott, that he could have been famous, and that it was wrong to steal that from him

fox news: the olympics better go on because you're stealing some asshole athlete's dream, cunt!
&gt;Also, it's a strawman: This isn't about liking.

Of course it's about liking. What else could it be about? Morals? Human rights? These are specific reasons for liking or not liking.
"China is KILLING PEOPLE."

What country isn't?
People watched the olympics on TV?
this article is so gay that it has semen erupting violently from its anus.
I could give two shits and a fuck about the Olympics and I don't buy the "it's more than a sporting event" argument.  Real shit is going down all over the place and the Olympics are a distraction just like the major sports leagues are in the US.  Why is it that most people don't know their ass from a hole in the ground (ie can't name who is running the country, can't find Iraq on a map, can't find fucking OHIO on a map) and yet they can recall sports scores and trivia from the last 15 years?
I may agree with you personally, but if someone wants to make 5min of their life the central point of their existence, then let them do it. Many a famous person had a 5min of fame. Who are we to judge? The world does not have to bend over backwards to accommodate them; all the athletes ask is that they not be pressured from not taking part in what, after all, is a sports competition
Don't compare the USA retarded individuals with real thinking citizens of the world, thanks. There is more to the map than Ohio.
Do you know any Olympic level sports people? I do and I can tell you for nothing that it's more of a real job than most of the people round here do.
Hehe, you all can attack me all you want, but I claim I am quite thinking. I defend the PRC and I don't live in China
I was expecting a good argument, instead I got a stupid article saying "think of the athletes".
&gt; It's supposed to be the one time, every four years, when nations can set aside their differences and come together to enjoy the magnificent performances of athletes who have trained their entire lives to compete against the best in the world.

Yeah, that's nice, unless you're a hypocritical white asshole who spent the last 100 years bombing the rest of the world and is outraged (OUTRAGED!) about China's recent riot controls.
No, for a much greater reason. After all, China didn't attack and occupy an entire country in the past couple decades
Hard to buy into an article that sounds like it was written for a high school newspaper.  How come the longest paragraph is a scant four lines?  

&gt;Politicians and pundits who so blithely suggest the United States should boycott the Olympics ought to give up their lifelong dreams and quit their careers in protest.

Yes because nothing will show the Chinese like walking away from the fight and your personal stance.
["The United States has the highest documented incarceration rate and total documented prison population in the world."](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prisons_in_the_United_States)

USA #1
'Not liking' something is having mild distaste or lacking any affinity for it.

When a country is killing people in the streets, blocking access to information, etc., and claims they're doing right, they get more than 'dislike'.  Condemnation, dismissal, boycott, even hatred, are the (justified) responses.  Sure, there's also 'dislike', but that's not the essential nature of the response, just a tiny part of it.
While I don't contest the baseline retardation of the average US citizen, there are morons everywhere, bub.
I'm not attacking you, I was defending you.  :P
It's such a good argument it has no by-line.  Part of the argument implies that because the US boycotted the 1980 Olympics in Moscow, they were "more determined that ever, they stayed [in Afghanistan for] nine years".  Yes... I'm sure that the Russians stayed in Afghanistan for nine years simply to spite the US for boycotting the 1980 olympics. 

I agree with the other posters here.  Not a good argument.
That's right, I am not watching it on TV and I am not dealing with any of the 100s of major corporations that sponsor it.

bwahahaHAHAAA might as well also run to the woods and go Amish
The US is killing people, too. All over the World. Should we boycott all sporting events in the US?
The problem with this argument is thus: No nation as yet are forcing their athletes to not compete. Instead they are talking about world leaders boycotting the opening ceremonies which is a far cry from boycotting the entire thing.

In addition, China got the olympics by promising to improve their human rights, yet the world's human rights organizations all say that China's human rights has actually gotten worse since. People have a right to be angry about that. China was encouraged by a great honor, and they failed that promise. If anything, they haven't changed.
[deleted]
While I agree with the article's conclusion, I must say you identify its weak points rather well
What does 'olympic level' mean anyway?  There's plenty of people who aren't wealthy enough to make it on that scene who have the natural talent.  Plenty.

I used to be a pretty fast runner myself.  I could pretty much keep up with one of the fastest in canada for my age group.  But the kids from the hood in saskatoon would blow me
away, any race, any time.  I'm not sure, but I don't recognize any of them as our olympic runners.  Why?  I'm not sure, but something keeps people in a cycle of poverty here, regardless of whether or not they are talented.

And if the people around you are *more useless* than people into sports, then the people around you need to get their act together too.  Our survival probably depends on it.
I'm on my way to the nearest Amazon warehouse right now to pick up the package I ordered.  TAKE THAT, UPS!
Fundamental flaw comparing the modern olympics with the classical ones:  the ancient games were all held in the same place.  Neutral, sacred ground, as it were.

Now, if we could hold every year's olympics in the most inoffensive, neutral country in the world, the argument would work.  As it stands, the games are an instrument of political profiling and legitimacy as much as a sporting event, and have certainly lost a lot (if not all) of their "let's all be peaceful and friendly for a few weeks while we throw javelins around a field" aspect.
Of that I don't deny, I thought I was more careful with my choice of words. Every US citizen I have spent time with has been a remarkable individual with a sense of purpose and free thinking and yet the over-arching political will of the country seems stifling and oppressive. It is a dichotomy that is baffling. The sense of freedom I felt from the New Yorkers with whom I drank copious amounts of Cuban rum and smoked a bit of weed astounded me, especially after the cocaine fuelled week I spent in NYC. The world is a fucked up place for sure.
1) it is an athletic contest after all

2) IOC against the free people?? you need a better argument for this

3) Genocide? Anyone who says China is carrying out a genocide has no idea what genocide is. Genocide is what the US did in North America. Tibet right now is 94% Tibetans.
If China manages to become a "western-style" society gradually (and this is what seems to me they're doing), avoiding the clusterfuck that the sudden fall of the USSR was, I'd say good for them.
I know you were. But I get redditor attacks all the time because I defend the PRC
A better argument could certainly be made.  That's what I read the article hoping to see.
I agree with your argument that many (but most definitely not all) athletes are in it to prove it to themselves, but there's nothing that's forcing them to attend the Olympics to prove that they are the best in their particular sport. The athletes could band together, saying "screw China for killing people!" and hold their own competition.
&gt;Who suffered? Only the athletes who worked their entire lives to test their mettle against the best of the best in hopes of bringing home the gold medal.

The Olympics once had meaning but long ago turned into a big money-sucking con on taxpayers.

I'd rather see a few athletes suffer due to the lack of Olympics rather than see people displaced from their homes and hundreds of millions of taxpayer's money sucked into infrastructure for a short party that primarily benefits connected construction contractors, real estate agents, and the Olympic money making machine itself.
I'm sorry, but I can't respect an article where the writer says:

&gt;The world can see the lengths to which the &gt;Chinese must go to prevent the real story of &gt;their evil empire from becoming public

and

&gt;No thinking person would defend the People's &gt;Republic of China.
&gt;It's a terrible regime guilty of myriad &gt;offenses

What are these offenses? Are our own nations free from guilt?
&gt;Politicians and pundits who so blithely suggest the United States should boycott the Olympics ought to give up their lifelong dreams and quit their careers in protest. After all, that's what they're asking the athletes to do - give up their lifelong dreams. How many of these politicians and commentators would have the guts to do that?

&gt;We suspect it would be none.


Or at least they should clean up their own backyard.  Close Guantanamo Bay; make torture illegal;  end preemptive wars....
I find your ideas intriguing and wish to subscribe to your newsletter `provided it comes in several layers of manilla envelopes`.
New York City and the "heartland" are two different countries
Tibet?
why not?
what real contribution do sporting events make to society, beyond the entertainment they provide while distracting from issues of real importance and the money they generate for fat white men?
"...hold their own competition."

Yeah. Not really.
Traditionally, they have been boy-cotted.
China attacked and occupied Tibet in the past couple decades?
You're absolutely right that the US engaged in genocide.  I wouldn't even be alive had they succeeded;  my relatives barely escaped.  But that does not change that [china](http://www.genocidewatch.org/china.html) is directly responsible for genocidal atrocities in darfur, ethnic cleansing against tibetans and uighurs, politicide against the falun-gong, and other cases.  The government of china is trying to use the olympics as some kind of public relations stunt, to make themselves seem less like bloodthirsty tyrants.  But in doing so they expose themselves to the world as untrustable liars, and a powerful threat to humanity to be toppled.

IOC actively engages in censorship, even in otherwise relatively free countries such as my own(Canada);  media coverage is strictly controlled, and even talking about the olympics is borderline illegal.  The olympics needs to end, if only for this reason.

Censorship is evil.  It allows unspeakable horrors to occur, and it covers up the agents responsible.  I suspect the slave trade associated with the olympics is just the tip of the iceberg, but we can't know, due to the litigation involved.
How about I watch them, ignore the ads, but if Nielson calls I flatly deny that I watched a single second?
I don't know why you're being downvoted. You're definitely right.
A few good points. 
BUT:
The Olympics started as means to bringing nations together and sitting their differences aside. Now, it's not the case at all. It could be in the future but not now.

Olympics are a great source of boosting the hosting nation's economy and that's why nations fight to host it. The west NEEDS china, it's the greatest\cheapest exporting country in the world and until that changes, I don't expect that the west will ever be aggressive enough with China.

If all that mess happened in a different country (let's say, Russia for example). I see a lot of government boycotting the games. But you don't mess with China.

They were able to force Yahoo and Google to bend for them. And they will continue doing so with everyone until we have another China. This is going to happen with Brazil and India becoming exporting Giants but it will take a long time to reach China's level.
Well don't pretty much all sports in the Olympics have their own world championships?
So basically what you're saying is: athletes &gt; human rights?
Winter Olympics in Antarctica!
Only since 1950.
I've argued long and hard before on Reddit on this this topic, but for now accept this: the Dalai Lama has said he does not favour a boycott of the Games. Do you want to argue against him?

http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/asia/article3562971.ece

By all means protest Beijing, and boycott the  opening ceremony, but leave the athletes out of it. They are not your pawns.
China keeps saying it's not a political event. OK, so that means that none of the world's political leaders need attend. Bush should not go.
Under Bush administration "national foreign policy" has been a joke.   Borrow money from China, but boycott the Olympic ceremonies;  Pass laws to legalize torture, but criticize china's human rights.  Invade and occupy a sovereign country, yet criticize China over Tibet....
These are parts of the UK and US I do not want China to become like:

* suspending habeas corpus
* video surveillance of citizens
* beginning pre-emptive wars
* REAL ID Act
* PATRIOT Acts I &amp; II
* assassinations of civil rights' leaders
* subsidized corporations
* sub-contractor vigilantes earning 10x a soldier's wage


"Western" nation are not good. 

Good nations are good.
You know what's a good argument? Foreign policy is more important than sports, AKA bread and circuses.
I respectfully disagree with the Dalai Lama, and oppose any relations with China of any kind.
The Olympics is a pinnacle sporting event for certain types of sports but it isn't the only time in which athletes compete. Asking athletes to give up their dreams is acceptable if it were able to achieve something but shaming a country isn't likely to affect change. The benefits of staying in Tibet far exceeds any advertising or marketing revenues.
Amen.  it's the one time, every four years, when the world can come together and point out the flaws in the host, and exactly WHY they aren't coming.

It's like an international dinnerparty with people you don't really like.
Exactly. Why am I getting downmodded? Ok, maybe the people that care about China's killing people should be the ones to take the initiative to talk to all of the athletes and get them together somewhere else. If enough of the athletes come together for these alternative games, they will hold an equal merit among the other athletes in the sport and the television networks will watch.
That sounds dirty to me.
I feel the arguments are weak at best, not to mention that nobody is even suggesting a boycott of the Olympics, merely just the opening ceremony. 

Even though USA skipped the 80 Olympics in Russia, other countries still participated. There is no evidence to show that good will is actually spread through worldwide participation.
Yes, fifty years ago, as opposed to 5 years ago. There exists in history a concept that the fresher the deed, the more relevant it is. Otherwise, the US needs to vacate North America right now for the criminal genocide it carried out there until 100 years ago
One of the best contributions to society sport makes is in the early years of the atheletes. Some athelete would either get up to mischief and concentrate their abilities into anti-social activities, or simply never reach the heights they're capable of were it not for some sport they excel at.

Sport also provides jobs, and generally keeps people healthy among other things too.

Personally, i'm a lazy arse when it comes to sports (excepting a game of pool or darts..or anything that uses an internal combustion engine) but my boy is potential Olympic material, and i can see without a doubt that this has/will give him the focus to improve his, and others lives around him in the future.

The question of whether it's right to boycott these Olympics or not, is a arguable, but the answer to what contribution does sport make to the benefit of society, is pretty straightforward really.
There are no countries without problems.
&gt;most inoffensive, neutral country in the world,

So, Madagascar?  They have lemurs there.  Any place with lemurs can't be too bad.
[deleted]
I hope you actively boycott Chinese goods.
You are such a brave person. I'm proud of you.
Are you kidding me. THAT DOESN'T MATTER HERE. The Olympics are about putting all that aside, and letting athletes compete despite any political BS that is going on. As stated in the article in the original run of the Olympic game they would stop fighting wars so soldiers could compete. That is what the Olympics should be about. 

And beside that no country is clean of blood when it comes to situations like that. Did you boycott the Salt Lake and Atlanta games? Did you boycott the Nagano and Torino games? Are you going to boycott the London games in 2012? If not then you need to shut your mouth and stop being hypocritical. If you are going to boycott the Beijing games then you need to boycott them all.

I bet I could come to your house and find hundreds of things made in China. That is supporting their actions way more than supporting the Olympics would be.

Grow up and expand your mind a little bit so you see outside your narrow view of the world that is presented to you on CNN.
Yes, because it would wake up the corporations who can really pressure the gov't better than we can.

Yes, absolutely.
But you still go...not showing up is just rude!

;)
I'm heading out to the basketball world championships tomorrow...
You act like it's some kind of trade-off.
There are no good arguments in this piece.
Let's summarize the arguments:

1) There's a legend that in ancient greece a war was put on hold to have the olympics

Response: so what?  First, its just a legend the author probably made up, and second, that doesn't mean not boycotting a totalitarian, murderous regime is excusable.


2)In 1980 the US boycotted the olympics and it didn't end the war in afghanistan.


Response: actually, the US began taking a very hard line with Russia at that point in time, not just on the olympics, but more broadly, and persisted  at doing so until the soviet union collapsed.


3) By giving the Olympics to China we can see how evil they are and hopefully that will change them.


Response: China will only be spurred on to continue in their ways if they are not punished for committing atrocities.  Rewarding  bad behavior does not reform the offender.


4) The athletes dream of competing in the Olympics


Response: the IOC should have the brains and balls not to give the olympics to mass-murdering, enslavers of a billion people.  It is the IOC committee members who made an idiotic and evil decision and they are now seeing the results of it.  It is they who cast aside values and morality and jeopardized the dreams of athletes.  It is they who need to answer.  The world should not just shrug its shoulders and say "oh well".  It should hold the IOC up to higher standards.
A better question is, how does boycotting sports help prevent human rights abuses?
The whole point of the Olympics is that day-to-day national foreign policy is, for a couple of weeks in the summer, NOT the #1 interest in our relations with other countries. It is good will through sports.

Besides, the so-called "5-minute performance" is actually the build up of years of blood and sweat. Those "5 minutes" are just the proof to the world what they've been through to get where they are. You insult what these people strive for.
What contribution to pop/rock music and movies make to society? I turns otherwise unemployable people into tax paying citizens
I wholeheartedly agree with the sentiments presented in this article.
The article is basically saying "What about the poor athletes???". Atheletes should be thinking about the politics of China, to not do so is simply selfish: "The life and death of others is unimportant compared to me getting a shiny badge to say I can run real fast".


China has been given the attention of the world, and we don't like what we see.
Whats wrong with a real ID? In Europe it is mandatory since decades.

Also your comparison is unfair to the western world. I read today an interview with a german journalist in China who is frustrated. Their chinese staffers have to socialise two times per month with the local intelligence service. Corruption is rampant. The state controlled media censors  every news. The chinese don't know about the ill doing of china in tibet, instead they hear all the time about the evil dalai lama conspiracy.
It seems like the government, not the people of the country, are the ones violating human rights and making problems.

The weakness of absolute statements is that only one counter-example is required to disprove it. I understand you might be busy, so we'll wait for you to let us know which human rights these nations' governments violate:

* Norway

* South Korea

* Denmark

* Brazil

* Sweden

* Japan

* Iceland

* Costa Rica

* Finland

* New Zealand

* France

* Taiwan

* Switzerland

* Uruguay

* Portugal

* Australia

* Argentina

* Spain

* Canada

* Luxembourg

* Madagascar

* Netherlands

* Guatemala

* Germany

* Poland

* Malta

* Belgium

* Mauritius

* Mongolia

* Chile

* Hungary

* Hong Kong

* Slovenia
I do, to the extent that I can. And I would fully support a trade embargo, even if it led to temporary shortages.
I am currently pushing for Australia, France and Uzbekistan to boycott the World Series of Baseball. It's going well.


Take that America.
[deleted]
Yeah, that's what got the Spartans in the end too, they ate too much McDonalds, got fat and lost
Because either:
A) The IOC or other sport comitees will organise the event the next time in a free country
B) The pressure builds up to be so great, that the human right abuses lessen.
I said "problems", not "violating human rights". Please be more attentive.
Howdy, first off, I'm training for the Olympics (Rowing for the US). I don't have much of a shot until 2012, but i'm a youngin, just 24, so i've got time. I'd like to make some arguments here, but i'm not nearly eloquent enough, so i'd rather point you to another rower from australia who put it better than i could: http://www.olympics.com.au/News/AustraliaNews/NewsArticle/tabid/223/Default.aspx?ArticleID=9957
There are plenty of political pop/rock songs and critical movies.
You can vote in your elections to try and make a change, or have a demonstration without being run over by a tank. China can't.
Not to be picky, but there's more than one nation doing those things, and they are in the crowd pointing accusing fingers at China.
The Chinese are betting that we are too greedy and lazy to put our ideals and long-term freedom and security ahead of our current prosperity. Let's prove them wrong by taking steps to cut ties.
Good point.
True, but China is doing them more.
&gt; However, the part about how we shouldn't ask athletes to give up their lifelong dreams is silly.

Only because you aren't an athlete. See the part in the article about politicians giving up careers, etc..

&gt; The idea that the whole world is somehow obligated to bend over backwards to accommodate such dreams, is ridiculous.

If that's what "the idea" was, you'd be right. It isn't. The author is saying that the Olympics are a time when differences are set aside and countries come together to celebrate athletic accomplishment. The author's argument is that brining politics into the games is pointless and wrong, and therefore we are screwing over our own athletes for no reason.

&gt; The people who came is second (and third and fourth ...) in the olympic try-outs had to give up their dreams. Making the winners give up theirs, too, doesn't change much.

The people who came in second, third, etc. didn't make the cut because of their own athletic inadequacies, not politics. If you can't see the difference, you are an idiot.

&gt; If someone's entire life is focussed on a 5-minute performance the summer they are 20, then they don't really have a life. Perhaps they ought to get one. Don't expect me to get too upset if their current plan falls through.

Wow! You're so cool -- you don't aspire to athletic accomplishment! Your life must be so much more fulfilling than those of Olympic athletes!

Seriously, though. This is so damned easy for you to say from behind a keyboard. Don't forget that this "5-minute performance" is representative of years of sweat and tears for all of these athletes. It is also a rare chance to represent your country on the national stage, something that many athletes dream of.

And anyway, they do have lives outside sport. That doesn't change how much it sucks to have it taken from you for an empty political gesture.

&gt; Don't get me wrong. If someone can run very fast, or whatever, then I say good for them. But I think it is nutty to say that one person's dreams of competing in a sporting event should be an important influence on national foreign policy.

Do you realize you are tacitly representing everything the author is arguing against? That point is that boycotting the Olympics does _nothing_, and it runs completely contrary to the spirit of the games. That's why the author gave the example from Ancient Greece, where war was suspended to hold the games. It's fine if you disagree, but at least address the authors argument instead of blithely ignoring it.
"It's a Communist country. "

China is no longer a Communist country. I am sick and tired of CNN and everyone's mothers saying this.

Ever since Deng Xiaoping it has quickly become a very large capitalist superpower leaving the workers and its past ideals of marxism setup by Mao in the dustbin of history.
One important factor this year is that for China the Olympics are all about coming out and fitting in with the rest of the world. If several major countries boycotted the Olympics it would send a clear message that they are not ready to become part of the rest of the Western world yet. If we all go to the Olympics then it's as good as putting out the welcome mat.
What seems different between you and I is the belief that "Western" nations could not have State-biased media where reporters are fired.

I know if we think back 50 years, we can remember a fine example of a Western nation who did just that.


In modern times, some brief notables are journalism in Italy, Ukraine, Russia and American Fox News.

Some minor modifications:
&gt;I read today an interview with an American journalist who is frustrated. They have to report that global warming is a myth and evolution is a theory, but nothing about telecomm immunity. Corporate corruption in the media is rampant. Even the state controlled media publishes untrue [news](http://www.stats.org/stories/2008/dishonest_PBS_NOW_mar27_07.html). The Americans don't know about the ill doing of America in [Somalia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Ras_Kamboni) or the Phillipines, instead they hear all the time about the evil Al-Quaeda conspiracy. Americans even have their presidential debates selected by broadcasting companies.
I apologize for paying attention to the article and the thread, which was in relation to China's rights' abuses, my original comment, which was about the US and UK's rights' abuses.

If you wanted to talk about different problems, you may want to specify that in the future.

And gosh, I'd be interested just to read a list of problems the above nations face which are as impoverishing as the ones in the US and UK.
If it were just a sporting event, there would be no problem with holding it in China. One stadium or another doesn't really matter as far as sports go. But as soon as you acknowledge the symbolism and message of the Olympics, you open yourself up to criticism from people who think that symbol is being misused. Those people should have the right to counter with a message of their own.
I disagree, I've been training for the Olympics for the past 6 years, and i've met many Olympians. Ive met athletes and coaches from Canada, Bulgaria, France, England, Germany, Slovakia, Australia, and so on. I know that i can visit just about any country in the world and i'll have an instant friend through the Olympic spirit and competition. Might not be the kind of International good will you were thinking about but its there, between the thousands of athletes that make it to the olympics, and the Thousands of others that don't make a team.
The part about asking athletes to give up their dreams was to criticize politicians for being so willing to spoil a hard working, determined sportsperson's dreams and not their own.
Because if we boycott the Olympics that will place those companies that produce products in China in a bad light.

Apple produces the majority of their products in China.

Apple MUST NOT BE MADE TO LOOK BAD.

Therefor CHINA=GOOD.

msdnrules@gmail.com
[deleted]
Yes, I go, get wasted and make an arse of myself.  

Wow, this is a better metaphor than I thought.  Have the chinese experienced the joy of english people attending a sporting fans abroad?
&gt; Whats wrong with a real ID? In Europe it is mandatory since decades.

Not to mention that some states already implement most of the provisions, notably California, which is larger than many European countries.
Hate to do the "situational" thing, and I do know that it's not the same thing. It's a bit like beating on a dead horse, but I only mention it because I imagine that the Chinese have a different take on this (not that I agree with them)

&gt;China is KILLING PEOPLE. 

So is the USA.

&gt;Yes. Ending human lives both directly

The USA has the death sentence, which is considered by some - namely most of the developed countries - as a barbarity. Add to this the intervention on foreign territories.

&gt;and indirectly, 

Indirectly every regime kills people. Lack of access to health care and other related problems causes by the income gap come to mind immediately. More indirectly some would say that the USA is responsible in no small part for the conditions of leaving in other countries, due to sheer economic influence.

&gt;on top of a disturbing list of other human rights violations.

The USA has the highest rate of imprisonment of the OECD, and one of the highest in the world. Prison rape is endemic and some say tolerated and promoted by the system.


Should people boycott a possible Olympics Games in the US (*and I do know that much of what I say apply to many other countries*)? Perhaps, but that would end the whole idea behind the games.

Perhaps that would be a reasonable idea, I don't honestly know. The Olympic Games were created to promote the putting aside of this issues, but maybe they shouldn't be put apart.
lets boycott the opening ceremony and Stand for something good for a change!
If the US had hosted an Olympics since 2003 or so, I think there may have actually been some talk of that. Would have been interesting to see.
&gt;Genocide? Anyone who says China is carrying out a genocide has no idea what genocide is. Genocide is what the US did in North America. Tibet right now is 94% Tibetans.

Actually it's more like [50-70%](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/西藏#Demographics) depending on how much of Tibet's former territory you count. 

I think it's generally described as "cultural genocide", it certainly is not real genocide, but you're underestimating the degree to which the Chinese are taking over Tibet.
do not belittle the concept of genocide with your "cultural genocide." One involves killing people. The other involves stuff like watching the Disney Channel and eating KFC
[I'm sorry.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethnocide)
Well, you were replying to my reply VoodoIdol, not to the original article, hence it is quite obvious that the chain of arguments might diverge from whatever is argued about in the article, don't you think? And it is you, actually, who moved to another direction first, providing the list of features you don't like about US/UK [while the article is about China].

And I didn't want to talk _about_ different problems as this is far beyond my original argument. I certainly do not insist that problems each country faces are equally bad  (but certainly there is always something to bitch about on the Internet ;)
duh... we are supposed to boycott the ceremonies!!
[deleted]
Yes, just because it is on wikipedia does not mean it is not offensive. Kinda like saying "Disney is subjecting us to a Cultural Holocaust." Wouldn't some people find the statement offensive? People should not use the word genocide and holocaust so lightly
[deleted]
Ha Ha! My hometown conservative newspaper made reddit, this is absolutely amazing.
In my opinion, it's not the people who attend, compete and watch these events that should be boycotting.  The people and the government should put pressure on the sponsors to not support the event.  That will make a significant statement financially and politically without devestating any athletes.
So, you're saying is that Tibet doesn't deserve to be independent because it was occupied fifty years ago...

&gt; There exists in history a concept that the fresher the deed, the more relevant it is.

Bullshit. It's the number of people who feel strongly about the concept and the time that's passed since the event. At the very least.

And right now or any time recently, the US isn't killing Native Americans or fundamentally violating their rights. Which is a very much morally superior position than anything China's doing.
Ignoring chinas abuse of Tibet is not worth some fool jocks face on the wheaties box.  Who the hell even eats wheaties?
Seriously! After putting George W. Bush in the White House a second time, the US is the last country in the world that has a right to boycott China's Olympics. Well, maybe not dead last, but way down there.
good counter-arguments
Man, I rowed in high school but I can't even imagine the level you must to be able to say that. Sweep or scull?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Appeal_to_authority
It's very interesting how you say "bullshit" and then in the next sentence you paraphrase what I had said. Too bad the Native Americans who would have felt strongly about the US genocide are almost all dead by now. Are you suggesting that the PRC should do the same with native Tibetans, so that there will not be a separatist movement? Well, I got news for you. The PRC has not, is not, and will not kill Tibetans just because they are Tibetans. The recent ethnic cleansing that took place in March was actually by Tibetan mobs who were killing any ethnic Chinese they could get their hands on
How? It brings no attention to those companies. If you want to hurt the companies, boycott them directly.
It is not the athletes who should boycott, but the politicians that should.
Lots of people rag on the athletes for not giving up their lifelong dream, years of hard work, and what many would call the pinnacle of their career. I wonder if any of these people who rag on them have even made the sacrifice of giving up cheap Chinese made consumer goods? That seems a much smaller sacrifice than you ask the athletes to give.
national representatives who work hard are &gt; than symbolic, ineffective, short-term actions?

Absolutely.
There are many people who do make that sacrife and do let their principles dictate their buying habits. Just because you wouldn't don't assume that others don't.


And even if they didn't, the fact that others are more selfish doesn't wipe away selfishness.
Boo-hoo, I didn't get my Adidas sponsorship because my country didn't participate in the Olympics
China shot themselves in the foot when they got the Olympics.  They want to show the world how they're a modern nation, but of course the media is going to scrutinize their environmental and human rights records.  They will themselves to behave at least a little bit better to appease the world, and hope that the benefits outweigh the detriments to their power.
I think the key point in the article was that boycotting would accomplish nothing.
The Chinese probably won't adopt the logic "Foreigners may skip the Olympics if we don't, so we should free Tibet."
They may be more likely to have a backlash to that.
haha, the chinese have you by the balls. They will block access to their markets and start refusing to buy your bullshit bonds and financing your debt. What can you do? Nothing. China is growing more powerful everyday.
Boycotting the Olympic games isn't going to do much to cut ties. I'm too lazy to look up exact figures, but we spend insane amounts of money in China every day. Skipping the Olympics may be a slap in the face, but we're buying enough goods from them to make up for it.
&gt;Only because you aren't an athlete. See the part in the article about politicians giving up careers, etc..

Not participating in one years Olympics does not end an athlete's career - far from it. This is an exhibition, a way to show off. A tournament. They may be paid by sponsors, but this isn't professional sports, their life doesn't get paid from the Olympics. They had best have more than just *the Olympics* in their athletic career. 

By your example, it's the same thing as a politician dropping out of a race and running again in 4 years. *GASP* Something that politicians do ALL THE FUCKING TIME. 

&gt;And anyway, they do have lives outside sport. That doesn't change how much it sucks to have it taken from you for an empty political gesture.

Which doesn't change the fact that we don't have to cater to their desires. Shit happens, and life isn't fair. I'm not about to accept the tragic loss of life, and the curtailing of essential freedom in China because, OHMIGOD *the athletes will be really bummed out about it*. 

I say, fuck anyone who thinks that the athletes desire to compete is more important than the hundreds of LIVES that are being lost at Chinese hands. At the end of a failed Olympics, athletes are *still breathing*. 

&gt;"Do you realize you are tacitly representing everything the author is arguing against? That point is that boycotting the Olympics does nothing, and it runs completely contrary to the spirit of the games."

I strongly disagree. China is going STRONGLY out of their way to project an image onto the world stage. They are busing pro-chinese supporters to quell SF protets. Putting Chinese secret police into the streets of London.

Protesting is a PERFECT way to show the problems with China! Their reaction is PERFECTLY showing us what kind of a nation they are! A nation who quells free speech, human rights and kills people so it can *look good for the Olympics*.

I'm sorry man, but if China is *killing people* to prepare for the Olympics, than I will not fucking support the Olympics being in China. The IOC is complicit in deaths, as far as I'm concerned, because the Chinese crackdown WOULD NOT have happened had the IOC chosen a politically stable, human rights-obeying nation.
"These athletes wouldn't give a half a crap if you or the other 6 billion persons on the planet were watching or cheering them on. This is about an opportunity to validate themselves TO themselves at an event that represents the pinnacle of athletic achievement in the Olympic sports, something that defines, guides and ultimately consumes an athletes life. The closer they get to it becoming reality, the more it becomes your life."

Forget the athletes, this is about China killing people and quelling protest in their country BECAUSE THE OLYMPICS ARE COMING.

The crackdown in Tibet is DIRECTLY RELATED to the coming Olympics. 

People are dying, every single day, because the IOC chose to put the Olympics in China.

Do you really support that decision? Really?
Protesting is never useless. It brings light to the world what China is doing.

And, with China busing supporters into SF, putting secret police trained guards into London, and attempting so hard to pretend this isn't happening, it's showing the world even better what China is doing.

To say protesting is useless is pathetic.

It's raising awareness world wide to the tragedies in China.
You defend their uncalled for use of violence in murder in Tibet?

Their rampant corruption and control of the media? The subsequent brainwashing of a populace by using lies?

The curtailing of essential human liberties laid out literally hundreds of years ago, and adopted by every major western nation?

You can look at the US and blame it all you want, but the fact of the matter is, I can stand on my roof and shout "George Bush is a fucking retard and I fucking hate my country" while burning a flag and pissing on it.

Can you do that in China (about Chinese leaders and the Chinese government?)

Point-in-case.
That's true, but people should not tel off others for being selfish when they themselves are more selfish- that's hypocritical.

Do you boycott Chinese goods? If so, criticize the athletes. If not, shut the hell up when it comes to them boycotting.
I feel for the athletes, I really do, you work hard and getting a medal that says you were once "one of the best" is a hard dream to give up. That being said- Nothing that is wrong with our world is going to change if people keep thinking they can excuse the actions of China for the sake of a very small percent of people who happen to be world class athletes. 

Have some integrity and admit that the atrocities that are happening are just a little bit bigger than athletics, fuck that, WHAT IS HAPPENING IS SO MUCH BIGGER THAN ATHLETICS.

We're talking about human lives being taken away, not missed "Gold medals". 

I think a lot of the people here need a reality check. Unfortunately, I think it's coming sooner than we'd all like to admit...
I'm for doing both.
Its fresh because they are STILL occupied.
So how many of you are going to boycott Canada in 2010?
BFG1x pointed to an article; here is an excerpt from it (FWIW I agree completely with the Olympic athlete who wrote this):

"He [pro-boycott politician] called it a “rare opportunity” to “voice our concerns about serious human rights abuses.”

But Andrew, my expertise is in rowing fast. It is not in political lobbying. If I am to make a difference in this world, it will be through doing what I do best. 

Through sport, I can share values of sportsmanship, courage, determination and dedication. I believe in Olympic solidarity. When I wear the green and gold of Australia in August, I will be representing my country with pride. After my race, I will embrace my fellow competitors irrespective of their age, race or country of origin. 

Sadly, the Olympics do have a long history of political boycotts. But fortunately, the underlying ideal of solidarity is still reverberating stronger than ever before. 

Solidarity is the true concept of Olympism, where sport is a vehicle of unity. 

It is for this reason that the Olympic Games are so special. And it is for this very same reason that I have given up, and continue to give up, so much in pursuit of my Olympic dream.

This Easter long weekend I did not see my family. Nor did I have an Easter Egg hunt. Instead I completed nine training sessions with my team-mates at the Australian Institute of Sport in Canberra. 

The Olympic Games is not, unlike the Australian cricket tour to Zimbabwe, one of many similar tours. It is my childhood dream. It is the reason I get up at 5am each morning and swab antiseptic on my blistered hands each night.

In my sport I am taught to control the controllables. I cannot control the wind or my competitors. I certainly cannot control the location of the Olympic Games.
No, Andrew Bartlett, I will not be boycotting the Olympic Games. When I race, I will be racing for myself, my country and the Olympics ideals. My participation in no way legitimises human rights abuses. Political statement is your realm, not mine.
i'm still pro boycott.

human rights over sporting events anyday

Beating china at the games isn't shit. When USA wins an event do you know what it means? It means that athlete won. Not you, not the rest of america, 1 guy. Is it worth denying tibetans their rights so you can masturbate to which location a victor was raised in?
Awareness won't magic away tragedies and problems, especially if the protests which create it cause a backlash, as it is argued by some that they will.

Speaking of awareness, however, [white people love awareness.](http://stuffwhitepeoplelike.wordpress.com/2008/01/23/18-awareness/)
All of the land in any country was occupied at some point. Think about it. In China's case, Tibet has been part of China since the 1200s
This is a silly semantic argument. "Dislike" (as opposed to "like") is a class of feeling which includes condemnation and hatred. The author could have written in place of "don't like": "hate, dismiss, condemn, resent, reject, oppose, turn against, etc.", but that would have been stupid when there's one word that includes all of them. 

There's no strawman here.
OK, one by one:

violence and murder in Tibet: was carried out by Tibetan mobs against ethnic Chinese. nough said

rampant corruption and control of the media: you are right, can't argue with that. corruption is quite bad. as for control of the media, I can live with it if that is the price to be paid for stability

..which leads me to: essential human rights. yeah, it's easy to talk about human rights when you are fed and healthy. I can tell you that for the average person, having food on the table is more important than religious and free speech rights. what the PRC has done is pull 100s of millions of people from poverty. it is an astounding achievement. it could only have been possible by maintaining political stability

my point is not that i am right and that you are wrong. my point is that my view also has merit, and that I also have thought about these things a lot. I am hardly a product of Chinese brainwashing, never having lived in the PRC myself
Better than masturbating to your own hypocrisy.
I don't think the author of this article meant that the whole world should bend over backwards  for Olympic athletes. The message was that the athletes were the only ones who would suffer, not the ones who were shooting Tibetans as if they were skeet. The Olympic games are a sporting event, not a forum for passive agressive international politics.
that'd be an idea if only it were possible to ignore advertisements. that shit gets subtly implanted into your brain. even if you change channels during commercials, there's all the banner ads.
You think Chinese history is completely clean? From what I understand China was the killing fields during that century.
[deleted]
Well of course an all out boycott is a bad idea. I haven't heard very many politicians (if any, for that matter), suggesting we don't send athletes to China. The Olympics are (or should be), primarily about the celebration of human achievement. Polluting that with contemporary politics is just wrong. 

However, that doesn't mean certain other measures cannot be taken to express one's feelings. Chiefs of State can boycott the opening ceremonies, or allow they're people to protest where they're causes will get noticed (near the Torch, for example. Because after all, there are realities about China which cannot be ignored.
You can compete in the olympics if you want. No one has an obligation to watch them.

Boycotting the ceremonies does not hurt athletes only China. If you are against that as well then I question your true motives.
&gt;It shines a light on that regime in hopes of bringing about change.

&gt;That's no doubt why the International Olympic Committee chose Beijing in the first place.

Bullshit. It's about money.
[deleted]
bipsbop, it's not about a 5 minute performance.  It's about a lifetime of early morning practices, fighting through injuries and personal sacrifice to get to that stage.
Have we all forgotten how polluted the city of Beijing is? en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_Olympics#Environmental_and_health_issues
"By your example, it's the same thing as a politician dropping out of a race and running again in 4 years. GASP Something that politicians do ALL THE FUCKING TIME."

An athlete has maybe a 10 year window in which he/she can compete in the olympics.  A politician has around 40 years.
Well, at the very least I think every athlete should do a simple thought experiment.  Ask yourself "What are the circumstances under which I **would** boycott the Olympics?"  

After-all everyone has a threshold.  Would you compete if you knew the host country's athletes were being forced to compete or endure hardships for the sake of athletic success?  Would you compete if the host country were perpetrating all-out genocide?  What if the host country imposed severe restrictions on the visiting athletes?  I sincerely hope you aren't the kind of person who would say "fuck it, I'd go no matter what."  

On a lighter note, are you by chance a Husky?  I only ask because UW Rowing has a great program and history.  Regardless, best of luck in your training.
Don't you remember the lessons of high school? Everything should revolve around worshiping the jocks.
You either do or you don't.  Waffling hippie.
USA has killed over 1 million Iraqis so far.
As a country US has no moral authority to lecture the Chinese.  As individual you can do whatever your conscious dictates.
So you seem like a reasonable guy, but your views seem awfully biased.  Perhaps you can enlighten me on some of your sources.  I don't really get where this "free tibet" sentiment I'm seeing is coming from.

I've only started reading about this recently, so I'm sure I don't have a complete picture, but it seems like this is a pretty simple case of country A has some ethnic minority in some region that riots and wants independence.  I mean.. ok, sure.  It's not like this kind of thing hasn't happened before.  There's usually riot/crowd suppression.  Often times there are some deaths.  Press blockage is bad but has happened in the past as well.  I'm not saying  this kind of thing is a happy event, but I don't understand what is with all the strong emotions here and elsewhere.  What's so special about this particular riot?  What's so special about Tibet over other independence movements in the past?  Why is there so much desire to intervene in this case, when in previous cases there's been hardly a reaction at all?

Somebody explain, 'cause you guys make no sense to me.
And which people exactly are culpable in China's current clusterfuck? What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander. If we're talking about China as a monolithic entity, it's only fair to refer to the US as such also.

People want to boycott the Olympics because of the Chinese government's actions, but they forget about the masses of Chinese citizens who not only have little or no culpability but are in fact victims of their government's policies.
Fuck the Olympics and fuck China.
You mean you dont want us to highlight the human rights abuses in China.

We're a democratic nation. The voice of the US consists of all the citizens of the US. One man does not negate the voice of us all. 

Unfornuately for socialism its a different story.
It's true they have more in their athletic career than the Olympics, but the Olympics are far and away the biggest event in almost every event that is held. It's like telling a senator to give up running for President -- sure, they have a career, but its understandable they are pissed off about it.

&gt; By your example, it's the same thing as a politician dropping out of a race and running again in 4 years. GASP Something that politicians do ALL THE FUCKING TIME.

I would say this is more like an athlete failing to qualify for the Olympics. Like I already said, that's a much different thing than having politics take that chance away from you. feelgoodtrauma made a good point too.

&gt; I say, fuck anyone who thinks that the athletes desire to compete is more important than the hundreds of LIVES that are being lost at Chinese hands.

Again, you have _completely missed_ the point of the article.

* You assume that boycotting the Olympics will somehow change things.
* You assume that the Olympics should be used for political purposes.

These are the points addressed by the article, _not_ the rights of athletes vs. the rights of society, or whatever you're talking about.

As for the rest of your comment -- yes, what China is doing is unacceptable and steps must be taken to stop it and move China on better path. The question is whether it is appropriate to boycott the games in protest. The author of the article (note that I'm just repeating what he's saying--I'm much more ambivalent about this than he) doesn't think so.

Keep in mind that boycotting the Olympics is a recent phenomena. Olympics were held in Germany under Hitler. I saw a video on Youtube of Americans doing the "Heil, Hitler!" stance. The author thinks we should keep the Olympics above regional politics and let the athletes compete. You disagree, that's fine. But you should know what you are arguing about.
Thats why there were massive number of chinese supporters in San Francisco? Because they dont agree?

I'd like to see some proof of this Chinese dissent.
It was polluted the moment the host was China.
uh why?
The games will go on for one main reason:  money.  All this talk about Olympic spirit is mostly a front for selling stuff.  On the other hand, while boycotts may not occur, it's a good opportunity to call human rights issues in China.
lol, redboy, of course you do!

edit since it seems rather inflammatory: I think his username translates as "redboy", which I thought particularly appropriate.
They have no choice but to buy our currency.

Right now they need technology so technically we have em by the balls, although we are reliant on the cheap labor from China.
The will of millions or billions of people should not be held hostage to the whim of a handful of athletes. People will not stop protesting to appease a few athletes who have their lifelong dream shattered. There are things more important than their dreams. 

Besides, the real mistake was deciding to hold Olympics in China in the first place. You know why they took this decision? Not because of athletes but because of corporate sponsors who hope to sell hundreds of millions of running shoes and fuzzy water to billion-strong Chinese population.

Olympics as a way of promoting peace? Maybe. Olympics as a venue for advertising of consumer products to Chinese? Right on!
Where did I say anything about Chinese dissent? Dissent over what? Over Tibet? I'm pretty sure most Chinese citizens consider that Tibet is a part of China, but I'm also pretty sure it doesn't matter what they think. I'm also pretty sure most Americans approved of invading Iraq. How they feel now is of little consequence.

People can be oppressed even if they are on the wrong side. Sometimes they are on the wrong side _because_ they are oppressed and don't know any better.

However, there are some dissenters in China. Most of them are either in prison or six feet under. Many people were summarily displaced to make way for Olympic venues, and to thin out the population of Beijing to make it more palatable to the rest of the world. Where were the world's protesters then?

China is a huge, complex country. Some parts of China's government are trying to go green, trying to control pollution of air, land, and water. Most power plants and manufacturers ignore these controls with the approval of their local governments. Some people use governmental power to push farmers off their land to build power plants that will never be fully utilized. Farmers fought government troops with farm implements. Those people are dead now or in prison. Nobody protested or boycotted for them.

If you ever do see dissent in China, it will only be because the government decided to loosen controls to lay a trap and bring dissenters out. Then they will take those who are naive enough to believe they have freedom to speak, and then will kill them or imprison them.

But the Olympics is as much a point of pride for most Chinese as it is for their government. They ought to be allowed their moment in the Sun in spite of that government.
&gt;Tibet has been part of China since the 1200s

Its definitely not that simple. Tibet has been controlled / occupied by many different regimes over history. At one time the British had majority control over Tibet. From 1900-1950 Tibet was a sovereign nation for all intents and purposes.

That is *unlike* the comparison you made to Native Americans here, where they have been out of power pretty much since the Europeans arrived.
&gt;China as a monolithic entity, it's only fair to refer to the US as such also

Chinese society is a collectivist society. Americans are about individuality.

&gt;because of the Chinese government's actions, but they forget about the masses of Chinese citizens

You yourself have just referred to China as a monolithic entity. 

&gt;Chinese citizens who not only have little or no culpability but are in fact victims of their government's policies.

Are they really victims if thats what they want? We've seen a huge number of chinese supporters in SF. Not only that but YOU are here supporting China's actions.

I dont know what to say about your post above. Its sounded like blah blah blah blah. Feel free to post with some kind of argument/point.
[deleted]
There we have it! The Olympic games are about athletes and competition between them. Not advertising, political posturing and corporate oppression! So don't just boycott the games for Tibet. Boycott them for the athletes that are being used by the nations they represent. Boycott them for for those of us that still believe in peace and diplomacy though honest means. Seize this opportunity to call out corruption and hold governments and corporations responsible for their dishonesty and greed.
why, no corporate sponsorship? I'm sorry, I wasn't aware that people weren't allowed to show their skills as athletes without someone else making money off of it.
right, you just get hit in the face with pepper balls here.
so you don't really then do you? why? cause it's not possible, given the amount of chinese produced goods that the world consumes.

Hippie.
it's amazing how identifiable the snickers logo is in any language...
&gt;Hey, I have nothing to say myself, so I'll just copy what that other guy typed.

Fix'd
eh?
Quite frankly, I'm surprised other countries haven't threatened to boycott the Olympics simply because the US* is in it.
*disclosure: I'm American.
I'm not sure I agree with you 100 percent on your police work there, Lou.

&gt;But the closer you get to what is happening on the ground in China, its so-called capitalism looks nothing like any form of capitalism the west has known and the transition from communism remains fundamentally problematic. The alpha and omega of China's political economy is that the Communist party remains firmly in the driving seat not just of government, but of the economy - a control that goes into the very marrow of how ownership rights are conceived and business strategies devised. The western conception of the free exercise of property rights and business autonomy that goes with it, essential to any notion of capitalism, does not exist in China.

http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2007/jan/08/china.bookextracts
Jesse Owens is turning in his grave.
Jimmy Carter's 1980 Olympic boycott was a pussy move, that's why.

No one who lived through that useless excuse for action is talking about doing it AGAIN.
&gt;China got the olympics by promising to improve their human rights, yet the world's human rights organizations all say that China's human rights has actually gotten worse since.

[citation needed]
You can do as you wish.  But you come across as a hypocrite.  If you can't stop torture, preemptive wars in a democracy.... then the only accurate part of your statement:

&gt; Unfornuately for socialism its a different story.

Is that we all live in our own different stories (e.g. fairy tales) where we know the best, we are the best,  and everyone else is at fault,
&gt;I am hardly a product of Chinese brainwashing, never having lived in the PRC myself.

No, but you've doubtless been strongly influenced by the pro-Beijing bias of the Overseas Chinese media.
&gt;It's a Communist country. It's not a nice place. We get that.

Jebus, what an asshole. Speaking of not giving something enough thought...

Speaking of "no thinking person"...

Have people really drunk so deeply of the Koolaid that they are convinced that stating that something is "communist" is the only proof necessary that it is "bad"?

Can these mental midgets not imagine that communist countries are full of people who drank a different flavor of Koolaid, and are convinced that stating that something is "capitalist" is the only proof necessary that it is "bad"?

It is disgusting to witness the perpetuators of such parochialism accusing others of "not thinking".
No-one is expecting the Chinese to give in. However, boycotting the event would prevent anti-Chinese forces in Tibet from witnessing the disheartening spectacle of watching Western leaders trotting off to Beijing as though nothing were amiss.
Afraid not.. If you advocate that the games be cancelled or the athletes boycott them then you should know that those who you protest on behalf of don't actually want that. If you value their autonomy then you should value their wishes, no?
Olympic level means an athlete that competes in the Olympics / World Championships.
Sounds like fun.  I'll bet most of them could probably find Iraq on a map, too.
&gt;Have people really drunk so deeply of the Koolaid that they are convinced that stating that something is "communist" is the only proof necessary that it is "bad"?

Yeah, in here (E Europe) we dumped the Communism because it was too good. I mean, really, things went so smooth that it became boring. We were too damn rich. Hot chicks were send to our doors by the Party and that started to annoy us. We went to our jobs (those who wanted to work) in limos and they gave us a new freedom every week or so.  They increased our wages like crazy, twice in a month while the food &amp; stuff were cheaper and cheaper. The communist politicians lived in trailers, were wearing rags and ate dirt while we had to wear white taxidos or Chanel gowns and eat caviar and lobster twice a day. When they decided that everyone should have a free state-build villa with a large pool and a dozen hot chicks around, we rebelled. 

Fuck communism. It's too good.
[deleted]
a really stupid argument
You stop things by voting. Your logic doesn't even follow through.
Now your down playing the importance of the Olympics to make your misguided boycotting of it seem less destructive.

&gt; There are things more important than their dreams.

So it's okay for you to fuck it up for no reason? These people have worked fucking hard for years and you are cowering behind your keyboard pushing your own dream of human rights at their expense. Your aiming at the wrong target and **you know it**. Like suicide bombers who blow up busy town centers, tube stations and crash planes into buildings.

"Fuck the people who get hurt, fuck being moral.. we don't agree with X so were taking reckless, aimless action against you"

&gt; Olympics as a venue for advertising of consumer products to Chinese? Right on!

It's not for you to dictate what the Olympic games stands for and what it means to millions of people around the world.
ha ha ha ha ha
Who is going to boycott Coca-Cola?

Exactly
My thoughts exatcly. I would hate being an athlete about to go to the olympics (fat chance!).

On one hand, I would like the chance to win glory. On the other, I would wonder what I would tell my grandchildren when they asked why I participated in (Insert sports event) when I knew "They did Baaad things, grandad!".

....Shut up kids, or I'm turning the hovercar around and NO ONE gets to go to zero-G land!
Calm down, take a breath. Right.

I am not dictating anything, I am expressing my opinion. And my opinion is that caving to the demands of a handful of athletes at the expense of millions or even billions of people is **wrong**.

Besides, why asking athletes' opinion on anything? Right, their plight serves as a good moral support for the immoral aspirations of dictatorial and totalitarian regimes. 

Right, if we do not cave to the whims of petty dictators of China the athletes will get hurt. Yeah, sure, we will give up our dignity, honor, and all of our liberties so that our athletes get shiny pieces of metal. Fat chance.
[deleted]
So?
But the olympics is about sports, yet some are trying to make them about politics?

There are certainly more effective ways to fight for human rights, like not voting for a president that has a record with violating them. *AHEM*
&gt; It shines a light on that regime in hopes of bringing about change.

This is the most important argument, IMO, and what I've been saying all along. When was the last time so many people (and the mainstream press) were talking about human rights in China?

Tienanmen. Isn't this better?
I think he was being sarcastic.
their cake is a lie
the olympics only exist in its modern form to serve corporate sponsors.  read the book, http://www.amazon.com/Lord-Rings-Power-Modern-Olympics/dp/0671711229/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1207912239&amp;sr=1-4
to find out how crooked the games are.  especially, how they do not care if they are taking controlled substances and will seek out clear results from other testing agencies.
the Olympics stopped long ago being a celebration of human spirit and self improvement desire. It`s just ego competing and of course money. Time to move on.
2008 Tibetan protests against the Chinese powerholders -- initiated by Buddhist monks -- flared up again in 2008. The Chinese government reacted strongly, imposing curfews and strictly limiting access to Tibetan areas. The international response was likewise immediate and robust, with a number of leaders condemning the crackdown and large protests (including some in support of China's actions) in many major cities.

From: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tibet#Rule_of_the_People.27s_Republic_of_China
[deleted]
Even if you are actually from East Europe - which I doubt - There was no East European communist countries, they were satelite states of a corrupt tyrannical dictatorship that wasn't truly Communist in the first place. The closest example of the ideas laid out by Marx and Engels in the Communist Manifesto is Cuba, and as much as Americans hate to hear it Cuba is a triumph not an evil country that your media constantly portrays.
&gt;violence and murder in Tibet: was carried out by Tibetan mobs against ethnic Chinese. nough said

Lets be fair. The Chinese invaded Tibet fifty years ago, and to this day, maintains control over the once sovereign state of Tibet. That's bullshit, no matter how you slice it.

According to the wikipedia article: "2008 Tibetan protests against the Chinese powerholders -- initiated by Buddhist monks -- flared up again in 2008. The Chinese government reacted strongly, imposing curfews and strictly limiting access to Tibetan areas. The international response was likewise immediate and robust, with a number of leaders condemning the crackdown and large protests (including some in support of China's actions) in many major cities."

Are you actually saying that you believe the Bhuddist monks are evil, violent protesters, and the Chinese riot police are peace loving, victims?

Really? 

Last time I checked, Buddhism is one of the most solid, intellectual, spiritual ways of life, and riot police are always heavy-handed, *even in a state where the people actually **have** rights*.
An athlete has a small window in which to run and be successful. Hillary might have eight years left after this failed election to go for President. 

She also gets, maybe two chances. You can't run for president three times these days without quickly becoming the Nader candidate.

So don't give me this bullshit about politicians having *their whole life*. They have an equally small window to achieve the pinnacle of their political career.
&gt;Keep in mind that boycotting the Olympics is a recent phenomena. Olympics were held in Germany under Hitler. I saw a video on Youtube of Americans doing the "Heil, Hitler!" stance. The author thinks we should keep the Olympics above regional politics and let the athletes compete. You disagree, that's fine. But you should know what you are arguing about.

Many Americans agreed with Hitler and his stances. Many of his supporters would have understandably attended the Olympics under Nazi rule.

I will never accept that protest is a bad thing. 

If you are seriously telling me that having the Olympics in China, without any word to how they run their country is a good idea, you're the most naive person ever.

Having a sporting event in China is not going to make them wake up and see how terrible the government is there.

If everyone in the world is quiet and complacent, that shows China nothing.

The IOC is not supposed to choose a country with significant human rights issues, for this very reason.

But as long as the Olympics are being held in a country, silence does nothing but give permission to China to continue it's way of life.

If China wants to look good in the world stage, China needs to be taught that you can't force the world to like you with police. You have to actually be likeable to be liked. 

I mean really, this is the one time when China really gives a shit what the world thinks. They're trying VERY HARD to look good, civilized and western for the Olympics. This is a great honor for their country. 

When my state (Atlanta, GA) had the Olympics a decade ago, we built up our city, made a stadium, and introduced several programs to make our city as hospitable to the world as possible.

There was no curtailing of essential human rights, no crackdown on ethnic minorities, nothing of the sort.

It's simply unacceptable to put the games in a country who will abuse its citizens because of it.

These Olympics are ruining lives in China. Not just in Tibet. To clean up their city, hundreds of thousands of Chinese are being thrown to the wayside, moved out of their houses, told not to drive to their jobs, etc.

But hey, *the athletes really trained hard, so it's okay!*
Heh.  I like how the author calls China "an evil empire".  Yeah... because *China's* the one with military bases in 140+ countries and all... because *China's* the one that unilaterally invades sovereign nations in defiance of the United Nations.

Boggles the mind.

Whatever abuses China has committed in Tibet is a **fraction** of the human cost that we have inflicted on the Iraqi people.  Even using a pessimistic number, how many Tibetans have been killed... around 140?  That's a tragedy, but it's nothing compared to the death toll in Iraq.

No society's perfect.  It's important to have some perspective.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Poor argument. China was chosen for the Olympics for a capitalism coming out party. Just because they were chosen doesn't mean it was for the right reasons.
[deleted]
The reality is all those corporations will lose money in the Olympics. Sports is overplayed in the US as it is, so fuck your cereal box cover  photo shoot dreams. I buy the inexpensive cereals from the bottom shelf.
One question for the sake of establishing some relativity in the debate: How many of us would have been comfortable with Iraq hosting the Olympics in 1996? Is it very different?
China isn't Communistic, nor is this a good argument. Allow China to profile itself as a "good" nation, allow corporations to make a profit and ignore anything history taught us (are British athletes going to perform the current-day version of the Hitler salute?) because, aw those poor poor athletes (i.e. useless parasites) trained so hard so they could compete.
&gt;the Dalai Lama has said he does not favour a boycott of the Games. Do you want to argue against him?

This is a classic appeal to authority, you're implying that because the Dalai Lama believes *x*, then so, too, should I. I think your follow up makes clear the misunderstanding, though:

&gt;If you advocate that the games be cancelled or the athletes boycott them then you should know that those who you protest on behalf of don't actually want that. If you value their autonomy then you should value their wishes, no?

This seems to imply that I'm protesting on behalf of the Dalai Lama. I am not. I am interested in the Tibetan people; you are conflating the Dalai Lama with the people he represents. For example, my thoughts on foreign policy do not bear any semblance to the current (U.S.) administration's views. I would be very upset if outsiders conflated his views with mine; what he wants isn't necessarily in line with the interests of those he represents. (By the way, in no way am I comparing the Dalai Lama to Bush. I'm merely illustrating the point that a leader doesn't *necessarily* stand for the wishes of the people they represent).
Possibly. My sarcasm detector is admittedly the cheap model.
Its not them. Its China propaganda cheerleaders who are blowing up these athletes' fates out of proportion. Otherwise they are quite humble people and no one really cares about their problems.
&gt; This is a classic appeal to authority.

No, it's not. You can stop saying that now. I can't explain the difference to you apparently.

&gt;You are conflating the Dalai Lama with the people he represents.

No, it's not me that is doing that (I do not mean that you are either)

&gt;seems to imply that I'm protesting on behalf of the Dalai Lama.

So far you seem to have stated no position of any kind, just being an annoyance actually. Do you have anything substantive to say?

Fuck, I've just fed the troll. Can I have my 5 mins back please?
I remember when France refused permission for US fighter jets to cross over their air space on the way to Libya.  It was beautiful, the US government did not retaliate and was blameless, but U.S. Citizens exercising their prerogative as free individuals decided to take their tourism money elsewhere.  France heard the message loud and clear.

It would be great if something similar could happen here.  The U.S. government should not punish its athletes by boycotting the games, but it would be a beautiful thing if the American people could be conspicuous by their absence.
Sculler, trying for the double this time around. Hopefully i'll be in a position for the 4x in 2012.
So there will be problems in China even if it becomes a "western-style" society
i've got to admit, that is a good question, and i don't have an answer for you. I don't believe that the situation in China warrants a boycott, i think the Olympic has done more to bring these issues to the forefront and in the end will have a net positive influence on China, and hopefully the world. I really believe in the Olympic ideals and using the Olympics as a political tool is obviously going to happen, but i think it has been a great opportunity to act as a catalyst of change. 

I am not a Husky, however i know at least 5 Huskies that are in the Running for the Olympics. I rowed in Seattle for a while, and it was an awesome venue, great people and great water.
Ah, i dont want to quarrel with you.

You are right, "western world == good" is a bit dated (cold war rhetoric) and logically not necessarily true. Still it is a viable catch-all-term for describing a democratic, free and pluralistic society (with all its inconsistencies, nothing is perfect).
Just saying:
&gt;No, it's not. You can stop saying that now.

Isn't a satisfying refutation.
This is an utterly retarded, not to mention fallacious, argument. It uses wishful thinking and guilt (think of the athletes!), while ignoring the fact that this isn't the only athletic competition on earth and that ultimately it's a corporate -- and not athletic -- spectacle. And the suggestion that the Moscow boycott lengthened the Soviets' Afghanistan foray is downright laughable. Vote this puppy down.
I am not convinced.  By all means - lets have the Olympics and lets invite China.  But lets not have them in China.
Yeah, I'm not from E Europe, I'm from Mars. In E Europe there are no tubes. The Great Cuban new leadership even considers letting the Cubans have cell phones. Great country, I think I'll move in there.
&gt;*Ah, i dont want to quarrel with you.*

I know, I had a hunch we agreed.

I'd like to evolve our catch-all terms because, frankly, too many things we don't want are being caught in the net, and for people with less time to devote to such studies, identifying the good in the world needs to be as simple as possible.

Perhaps someone will see our discussion, and think of an adjective to describe these very notions you and I would like to encapsulate. Perhaps you already have.
Uh, what's the point of having a cake if not to eat it?
&gt; Under Bush administration "national foreign policy" has been a joke. Borrow money from China, but boycott the Olympic ceremonies; ....

Yup.

By the way: this is somewhat off-topic, but I would like to point out that the U.S. does not really "borrow money from China". Rather, the U.S. national debt is financed by selling treasury  securities on the open market. Anyone can buy them. Some people from China did buy a lot of them, but that is not really very relevant to the U.S./China diplomatic relationship.
yes, really. you've been had by the western media
how doubtless? i dont even know any overseas chinese media.... the world journal maybe?.. rarely read it
Okay, how about this:

China has invaded a sovereign nation, occupied their country with military as well as a massive civilian population, and is trying to strangle and destroy the Tibetan religion and culture.
Please send me non PRC published proof that *I've been had*. What you're saying *directly* conflicts with the conversations I've had with several Chinese foreign exchange students in my college.

My college has a great exchange program and so about 20% of our student base is from China and South Korea. I've tutored and hung out with a ton of born and bred Chinese people, and *very few* have anything good to say about the PRC.
same here, and most of the chinese i speak with are very supportive of PRC. they denounce the western media misinformation. the truth is, again, somewhere in the muddle. i said you've been had because you say "Are you actually saying that you believe the Bhuddist monks are evil, violent protesters, and the Chinese riot police are peace loving, victims?" with such a self-righteous tone as to render it self-evident that PRC is all bad and Tibetan rioters are all good. It is not so
Let's make this plain: It's obvious there a strong crackdown of Tibetan people (which, should be free, but that's a different argument) by the Chinese for one reason.

Because the Olympics are coming and China deeply cares about it's image to the world. A unified, peaceful China looks better, so they crack down on anything that is perceived anti-Chinese.

I've seen reports (*not from the Western media, but from Western students and visitors*) that the Chinese are burning cars and wrecking stores, then blaming the Tibetans for it, and using deadly force in retaliation.

This doesn't get put on CNN or BBC. How am I supposed to interpret this? Some British foreign exchange students just want the world to hate China, so they're making this all up?
yes, it's possible that it was made up. got more proof? this is very interesting, if it is true.

so far what i see it that the tibetan rioters started the whole thing and the chinese government moved in to restore order
That's the official story directly from the government of China.

As you said:

&gt;rampant corruption and control of the media: you are right, can't argue with that. 

With that in mind, you believe the China released version 100%?

Why would Tibetans start a violent riot in their home towns and near their homes? Why would they destroy their stores and homes and cars?
it's not their cars and stores. its the ethnic chinese stores and cars. also, killed many ethnic chinese. this has been confirmed so many times by so many media and wintesses that i just accept it as the most probable truth
Wait, wait. The riots are *in Tibet*. 

And what media has been confirming the Tibetan led slayings of ethnic Chinese??

I honestly have not seen that anywhere. Since it's been reported so so so much, can you link me to one?
http://www.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/asiapcf/03/26/china.tibet.ap/

http://www.nytimes.com/2008/03/15/world/asia/15tibet.html?_r=1&amp;oref=slogin

http://www.nytimes.com/2008/03/28/world/asia/28victims.html?ref=asia

theres more, but i dont have time now
Did you even read these articles???

Not one says that Tibetans are to blame, and all question the Chinese government and the 'fake' Chinese media broadcasts.

Journalists are chauffeured through the area on a bus, unallowed to actually *report*.

&gt;"Moves appear calculated to bolster government claims that it is in control"

 -

&gt;"Witnesses said angry Tibetan crowds burned shops, cars, military vehicles and at least one tourist bus. State media said at least 10 people died."

I'm sure witnesses were Tibetans, and were interviewed by foreign journalists, not Chinese nationals saying what their being required to say.

&gt;It was unclear how much freedom to report the small group of foreign journalists, among them an Associated Press reporter, would have during the government-arranged two-day trip.

 -
&gt;Although Chinese state television has been repeatedly showing scenes of damage from the riots there was little visible destruction in the areas of Lhasa where reporters were taken.

-
&gt;In that version, broadcast by state-controlled media, ethnic Tibetans took to Lhasa’s streets, unprovoked, burning and looting shops that were owned by Han Chinese.

-
&gt;But the women’s story, like that of the violence that erupted in Tibet and neighboring regions, is more complex than the government suggests.

-
&gt;Some Tibetans who have been able to communicate with the outside world say that in the days before March 14, they heard that monks protesting China’s hold on Tibet had been arrested, maybe even killed. Many Tibetans also say the crackdown that followed the riots has left more than 140 dead and perhaps as many as 1,000 ethnic Tibetans jailed.

-
&gt;Western news media have not been able to verify either version of events because reporters have been banned from traveling on their own to the sites of violence.

-
&gt;The Dalai Lama released a statement on Friday calling on both sides to avoid violence and appealing to China’s leaders to “address the long simmering resentment of the Tibetan people through dialogue with the Tibetan people.”

-
&gt;[Chinese] Party leaders are already grappling with growing criticism of China’s domestic human rights record and its ties to Sudan, which the United States has accused of waging a genocidal campaign in its Darfur region.

-
&gt;In the past China has not hesitated to crush major protests in Tibet or to jail disobedient monks. President Hu Jintao, who is also the general secretary of the Communist Party, served as party boss in Tibet during a violent crackdown in 1989.
There u have it in the news: Tibetan rioters wreaking havoc and beating up ethnic Chinese (in Tibet, rest assured). Maybe you can also go to youtube and see the footage, too.

And if you choose to question the witness accounts that talk about Chinese being killed, I don't see why I should trust the witness accounts that talk about Tibetans being killed
Where is this quote from?
&gt; Only because you aren't an athlete. See the part in the article about politicians giving up careers, etc.

I regularly try to get politicians to give up political careers, too. It's called "voting".

&gt; It's fine if you disagree, but at least address the authors argument instead of blithely ignoring it.

Ah, I *don't* disagree. I think boycotting the Olympics is a lousy idea.

The article gave three arguments for this: keeping a light shining on the abuses in China, modeling peaceful engagement, and respecting athletes dreams. I was saying that the first two arguments are fine, but the third is silly.
Ah, a thought-provoking response!

&gt; I may agree with you personally, but if someone wants to make 5min of their life the central point of their existence, then let them do it.

You are right, of course. If someone wants to dedicate their life to running fast, or throwing hard, or building the world's largest pile of thumbtacks, or sticking a ton of play-dough up their nose, then ... well, it's their life, they can do what they want.

*However,* when someone demands that I support their hobby financially and with my country's foreign policy, simply because they have put so much effort into it, then I can and do judge whether their dreams are worth my support.

So to the person who simply wants to build a big pile of thumbtacks, I say, "Whatever turns you on." But if that person demands that I and my country support them in this effort, saying, "This is my *whole* *life*!" then I reply, "Well, actually you don't have a life; maybe you ought to get one."
Yes, I see what you are saying. I think the big difference is whether you are actively discouraging or passively tolerating. The context in which we discuss this is boycotting the Olympics. In 1980, the US did not let its athletes participate. This is actively preventing the athletes from their 5 min of fame. It is different from "supporting their hobby with your country's foreign policy." It is the oppostie: use your country's foreign policy to prevent them from doing it

That said, I also couldnt care less about sport personally
i wasn't aware that i said anything about music or movies in my comment.
here, let me re-read my original comment...

yeah, i said sporting events. 
i'm not really sure why your comment is in reply to mine. sorry, guy.
Sport offers as much to society as any other form of popular entertainment. Denigrate one you may as well denigrate them all. Keep up at the back.
simply saying that the sports are exactly like all other forms of popular entertainment doesn't make it a true statement. if you have to use pundit logic to run in front, i'll stay in the back, thanks.

sports teach competition at the cost of a second party. everything else you learn revolves around that singular concept, like 'teamwork' and 'sportsmanship'. any idea that doesn't fit into that ideology of one party advancing at the cost of another is outside the realm of what can be taught by sports.

since music, film and literature aren't constrained to this one ideology, they're free to express other ideas. what sport contributes a greater understanding of human nature and/or interaction? or aids in understanding of a deity/philosophy? or evokes a specific emotion? or encourages you to become a morally responsible person?

i'm glad you were confident enough in the strength of your argument not to resort to insulting my intelligence. very big of you.

Summary:
ha ha ha ha ha.
Fuck the Olympics and fuck China.
That is what the Olympics should be about.
The US is killing people, too.
I would agree with you if the Olympics were just a sporting event.
It is good will through sports.
It means that athlete won.
It is not the athletes who should boycott, but the politicians that should.
The Olympic games are about athletes and competition between them.
so you don't really then do you?
Yes, I see what you are saying.
The boycott is all about the money.
You can compete in the olympics if you want.
But lets not have them in China.
So don't just boycott the games for Tibet.
China keeps saying it's not a political event.
It seems like the government, not the people of the country, are the ones violating human rights and making problems.
I hope you actively boycott Chinese goods.
If it were just a sporting event, there would be no problem with holding it in China.
China isn't Communistic, nor is this a good argument.
Boycott them for the athletes that are being used by the nations they represent.
Do you boycott Chinese goods?
The riots are *in Tibet*.
The olympics needs to end, if only for this reason.
They had best have more than just *the Olympics* in their athletic career.
You know what's a good argument?
I would say this is more like an athlete failing to qualify for the Olympics.
I dont know what to say about your post above.
Agreed, don't boycott the olympics, just boycott China's sponsors.
True, but China is doing them more.
&gt; Don't get me wrong.
The author thinks we should keep the Olympics above regional politics and let the athletes compete.
I see a lot of government boycotting the games.
That's what I read the article hoping to see.
I would hate being an athlete about to go to the olympics (fat chance!).
The world is a fucked up place for sure.
It brings light to the world what China is doing.
I said "problems", not "violating human rights".
If so, criticize the athletes.
Do you know any Olympic level sports people?
When I race, I will be racing for myself, my country and the Olympics ideals.
Well don't pretty much all sports in the Olympics have their own world championships?
I don't really get where this "free tibet" sentiment I'm seeing is coming from.
But the olympics is about sports, yet some are trying to make them about politics?
Forget the athletes, this is about China killing people and quelling protest in their country BECAUSE THE OLYMPICS ARE COMING.
1) Fuck the athletes, and their dreams.
Boycotting the ceremonies does not hurt athletes only China.
Ask yourself "What are the circumstances under which I **would** boycott the Olympics?"
It is for this reason that the Olympic Games are so special.
I believe in Olympic solidarity.
The PRC has not, is not, and will not kill Tibetans just because they are Tibetans.
I think boycotting the Olympics is a lousy idea.
But the Olympics is as much a point of pride for most Chinese as it is for their government.
If I am to make a difference in this world, it will be through doing what I do best.
You mean you dont want us to highlight the human rights abuses in China.
Great country, I think I'll move in there.
Not only that but YOU are here supporting China's actions.
China has been given the attention of the world, and we don't like what we see.
You can stop saying that now.
If someone can run very fast, or whatever, then I say good for them.
also, killed many ethnic chinese.
So basically what you're saying is: athletes &gt; human rights?
I mean really, this is the one time when China really gives a shit what the world thinks.
It's not for you to dictate what the Olympic games stands for and what it means to millions of people around the world.
Well, I didn't say it was a perfect argument.
I defend the PRC and I don't live in China.
People watched the olympics on TV?
There are things more important than their dreams.
But I think it is nutty to say that one person's dreams of competing in a sporting event should be an important influence on national foreign policy.
&gt; There are things more important than their dreams.
Should we boycott all sporting events in the US?
I don't think the author of this article meant that the whole world should bend over backwards  for Olympic athletes.
But you don't mess with China.
Perhaps that would be a reasonable idea, I don't honestly know.
That is supporting their actions way more than supporting the Olympics would be.
then I reply, "Well, actually you don't have a life; maybe you ought to get one."
The crackdown in Tibet is DIRECTLY RELATED to the coming Olympics.
I like how the author calls China "an evil empire".
You either do or you don't.
3) By giving the Olympics to China we can see how evil they are and hopefully that will change them.
You are right, of course.
If the US had hosted an Olympics since 2003 or so, I think there may have actually been some talk of that.
The athletes could band together, saying "screw China for killing people!"
Where did I say anything about Chinese dissent?
Like I already said, that's a much different thing than having politics take that chance away from you.
The people and the government should put pressure on the sponsors to not support the event.
I'm not attacking you, I was defending you.
A nation who quells free speech, human rights and kills people so it can *look good for the Olympics*.
There are no countries without problems.
People have a right to be angry about that.
Would have been interesting to see.
I'm not sure, but I don't recognize any of them as our olympic runners.
&gt; I say, fuck anyone who thinks that the athletes desire to compete is more important than the hundreds of LIVES that are being lost at Chinese hands.
I say, fuck anyone who thinks that the athletes desire to compete is more important than the hundreds of LIVES that are being lost at Chinese hands.
I don't know why you're being downvoted.
After all, that's what they're asking the athletes to do - give up their lifelong dreams.
The article is basically saying "What about the poor athletes???".
I will never accept that protest is a bad thing.
about China's recent riot controls.
One important factor this year is that for China the Olympics are all about coming out and fitting in with the rest of the world.
It is also a rare chance to represent your country on the national stage, something that many athletes dream of.
But you should know what you are arguing about.
Boycotting the Olympic games isn't going to do much to cut ties.
But if that person demands that I and my country support them in this effort, saying, "This is my *whole* *life*!"
Well, I got news for you.
Tibet right now is 94% Tibetans.
If you advocate that the games be cancelled or the athletes boycott them then you should know that those who you protest on behalf of don't actually want that.
I think the key point in the article was that boycotting would accomplish nothing.
The author is saying that the Olympics are a time when differences are set aside and countries come together to celebrate athletic accomplishment.
See the part in the article about politicians giving up careers, etc.
The chinese don't know about the ill doing of china in tibet, instead they hear all the time about the evil dalai lama conspiracy.
The games will go on for one main reason:  money.
In 1980, the US did not let its athletes participate.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 2.00
