Original Response:
The Chinese will always be more communitarian than the West.
B-b-b-but godless communists cannot have a conscience! Jeebus said so!
This happened in the US during Katrina and especially 9/11, so I don't see your point.
The Chinese might always be, but China will not.
So...they'll stop killing pacifist monks now right?  Or by "caring about others" does it mean "caring about people who look and act the same as them"?
It's "conscience".

Consciousness means just being awake--more or less.  And not awake in the sense of being conscientious.

Eh someone had to say it.
[deleted]
A good sign. Private philanthropy - a creature of the free market - arising apparently spontaneously in a nominally communist country.
Its disaster socialism, its a beautiful thing.
after all, in my experience 80% of people are good hearted and well meaning.
the other 20% are hucksters, sociopaths and neocons (oops, sorry 'bout the redundancy)
Yeah I remember president Bush flying in to talk to the people trapped in the Superdome and bringing all those thousand of National Guard troops, trained for such an emergency....

Oh, that was the Chinese President, just a couple of days ago. 

 Bush flew over. 

 The National Guard is in Iraq. 

 I think I may be in the wrong country.
con·scious·ness     Audio Help   /ˈkɒnʃəsnɪs/ Pronunciation Key - Show Spelled Pronunciation[kon-shuhs-nis] Pronunciation Key - Show IPA Pronunciation
–noun

1. the state of being conscious; awareness of one's own existence, sensations, thoughts, surroundings, etc.

**2.	the thoughts and feelings, collectively, of an individual or of an aggregate of people: the moral consciousness of a nation.**
Good for them. Hopefully it's not too late.
A full 80%, huh?

I'm pretty sure fewer than that will ever do anything philanthropic. If you're one of the ones that do, kudos, but they often live very selfish lives outside compartmentalized philanthropy.

I wouldn't say how many, but a lot of people are unfortunately ultimately selfish, even when they think they're being well-meaning, and it's more than 20%.
yeah but seriously, the president talking to survivors...its just a media show. paid for by your tax dollars. the chinese have learned a lesson from the West's textbook again

Indeed, the cost of Bush appearing at the Superdome is so high, that the money could be spent on many families' shelter for a long time
pacifist monks dont run around setting shops on fire. at most, they set themselves on fire
Yeah, downmod me, fuckers.

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A32389-2005Apr6.html

In 2005, the cost of flying Air Force One was 60k/hour. Say 70k/hr now wih fuel surcharges. So without the extra Secret Service staff, just the flight to and from the disaster zone is half a million. So the victims of the disaster can either have a useless talk and photoshoot with Bush or half a million dollars in help. What would YOU choose?
And if you speak out against the response in China they will arrest you as an enemy of the state.

Just ask those that the chineses have arrested already for that exact reason.
Most of those that do "anything philanthropic" don't tell others what they have done.
you mean the guys who were accusing the government for failing to "predict" the earthquake? the guys who said that a frog invasion earlier should have been taken seriously by the authorities? you know, I also disagree with people getting arrested for what they say, but i just wanted to point out that said people are idiots

here is the article in the Times

http://www.nytimes.com/2008/05/16/world/asia/16rumors.html?_r=1&amp;oref=slogin&amp;ref=asia&amp;pagewanted=print
Bullshit. It wasn't that long ago for everyone to have forgot the thousands upon thousands of people who rushed down to N.O. to help out, or the tremendous amounts of donations from across the country. 

Yeah, so in China some rare, rich people decided to help out for once, but don't think that they have anything on the philanthropy of the US.
How are any of those 'examples' you provide evidence of someone speaking out against the response?
This is hardly the first 'creature of the free market' to be spotted in the wild in China though... Any sense of economic communism has been decaying for decades.
ok they were criticizing not the &lt;response&gt; but the &lt;handling&gt; of the crisis. I think u might be splitting hairs here
"Shock of consciousness"? Sounds like US needs a good earthquake to wake up and take back their country from the current terrorists running it.

Oh wait, they already had Katrina and saw how it was handled yet did nothing. The US populace is more than content to lay back and take it up the ass while their nation and all it stood for has been hijacked. 

This decade will go down in history as the end of the great period for the US unless the people wake up ASAP and take it back. I, sadly, do not have the confidence in the US people on this front. It will be too late when they finally wake up. 

I realize though, that many people may be wondering "I know what you're saying but what can I do?". Well, of course, you people cannot stand up in arms against your government as they hold all the guns. But you  people are the cogs in the machine that run the US. If you all organize and go on strike en masse you can bring this machine to it's knees and lop off the head(s) of these snakes that have hijacked and now destroying your great nation.
Who is this Jeebus of which you talk?
I used the word response in my original post.  You are the one trying to cloud the issue and redirect it onto a more 'approve' path.
MSDN is a troll and his goal is to get you into an argument where you look wrong and he looks right, and sometimes he's good at it.  Don't fall into his trap, it will only mess up your comment karma score and not his.
what is a comment karma score? omg im so fucked!
[deleted]
You make a good point, however the problem with the theory is that the money "saved" by Bush would not go to the survivors.  

Did I just defend Bush?  I hope not.  It feels like shit.
They keep track of comment karma (it's a hidden value) and if yours gets too low, they'll increase the time between comments to a point where you just don't comment anymore.
Sounds fishy and orchestrated
The name alone is revolting enough
One could argue (and I'm fairly certain it has been argued) that there is self-interest in philanthropy.  Nothing wrong with that.
Hey, a lot of us had stuff to do. That TV doesn't watch itself, you know.
Those 20% are the ones who end up running gov't.
actually, a private armada of over 500 boats headed for New Orleans, but was turned back. 

They did try....
&gt; In a country with no tradition of private philanthropy or community activism ... the first signs of the emergence of broad-based civil society in a country where emperors and autocrats have ruled for centuries.

What?

One of the most valued and noble traits of Chinese culture is to give up the self to help out the community.

Confucianism is about social order and how an individual should help out the greater good.

In fact China has an extensive history of famous role models who sacrifice themselves to help others.
[deleted]
Makes me hate mine.
It reminds me of what happened in Japan after the Kobe earthquake.  The nation just spontaneously mobilized.  It was a massive impromptu outpouring of time and resources.
Home depot sent about 8 stores worth of employees to go help.  douchebag.
[Tremblor?](http://www.gamingtarget.com/images/media/Specials/The_Pokemon_Series_Pokedex/geodude.gif)
you're now comparing who's the bigger philanthropist? how about, everyone's human, and it actually works out about the same?
who turned them back?
[deleted]
A media show? So if the premier actually wants (heaven forbid!) to go and rally morale, what should he do?
what's worth speaking out against about the response?
he should do the above media show. note that i did not say he should not do it. im just pointing out that the money could be spent on better things, but if people want their media show then fine
I am not going to reply as anything other than praise of the killers in china gets me modded down to hell.
wow.. good news coming from china. i must be dreaming.
Yeah.  Wonder how they arranged the earthquake?  Maybe it was an inside job?
Yeah.  Katrina really brought home just how much TPTB hate black and brown people. (Unless they're "guest workers".
As if they were going to spend any money that would *help people*, as opposed to *make profit* for cronies.
What the hell does that mean? Do they own these employees? Did they "let them" not come into work that day and help out instead? Were these employees from stores that were closed due to flooding? Did home depoy pay these employees regular wages during their "helping"?
it's always an inside job.

Summary:
he should do the above media show.
The Chinese might always be, but China will not.
Yeah, so in China some rare, rich people decided to help out for once, but don't think that they have anything on the philanthropy of the US.
Did I just defend Bush?
What the hell does that mean?
I, sadly, do not have the confidence in the US people on this front.
I think I may be in the wrong country.
what's worth speaking out against about the response?
im just pointing out that the money could be spent on better things, but if people want their media show then fine.
But you  people are the cogs in the machine that run the US.
after all, in my experience 80% of people are good hearted and well meaning.
yeah but seriously, the president talking to survivors...its just a media show.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
