Original Response:
Oh man, Argentina is going to be pissed.
Well, I guess that little war wasn't so pointless after all...
Oil! Falk Yeah!
Isn't it a bit late for April fools?
[deleted]
first thing I thought of
[deleted]
[deleted]
World oil consumption is currently something like 85 million barrels per day. 60 billion barrels will fuel the world for a bit under two years, assuming consumption does not increase. Which is unlikely.
They've been pissed for awhile, this is just a little extra "fuck you" from Britain for all the fun times they've had on those islands.
The US government would "assist" the British in an instant. How many carriers and troops do you need to "secure" the area?

As if Argentina didn't have enough to be pissed about already.
Not only that, but the UK government, like every non landlocked country around the world, is busy claiming new territorial waters via their 'contiguous continental shelf' even further offshore - before the ending of new claims in 2011. The UK, via the various South Atlantic dependencies, is claiming a large percentage of the South Atlantic.

There is no way in hell the Argentinians will get a look in if significant deposits of oil are truly found. They blew it when they invaded and didn't sweet talk the islanders into joining them.
I thought the UK only needed them for "strategic sheep purposes".
Don't forget that those 60 billion barrels aren't all available at once. I think that the typical output of one rig can be somewhere around 15-20k barrels a day. It will take decades of pumping to get it all out and hopefully we'll have moved on to alternatives by that point.

Those lucky Falklands sheiks are in for a payday though!
http://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/20080402/wl_afp/argentinabritainfalklandsdiplomacy_080402201109
&gt;Those lucky Falklands sheiks are in for a payday though!

Sheeps. Falklands sheeps.
Time to bring democracy to the UK.
[deleted]
Also assuming there are really 60 billion of them. There have been many grandiose proclamations of huge finds which just sort of fizzled out in recent years.
&gt; They blew it when they invaded and didn't sweet talk the islanders into joining them.

True. Falkland islanders like the UK, apparently, but I wouldn't be surprised if they got a sudden longing for independence if there really is all that oil there.
No, trust me, they would.

It's the Falklands, its a bit of a symbol.
Do you have any idea ?
IF there is oil there, then i bet they're further away from getting independence than they ever were before.
Funny, i was discussing the Falklands with a friend just a few nights ago. My theory was that it was because of the potential of discovering oil there in the future, that we fought the war.

Looks like i was right...

`only posted as it's not often i manage to predict something correctly!`
[deleted]
Also, yield is at 70%, and the most profitable part is the top half of the reserve (composed of sweet crude).

60 million barrels would constitute the biggest oil field discovery in over 3 decades - I'm very skeptic about the size of this.
You both beat me to it.
And the penguins. Don't forget the penguins.
Ah come on, the Falklands was defended because of it's British inhabitants.  It was different to the rest of the colonies that were returned as (like Gibralter) the citizens consider themselves british, fly union jacks, teach english in schools etc.

I'm sure it would have just been cheaper to let the Argentines have it at the time.  They've only known there was oil there for 10 years which is way after the war was over.
There is only 3000 islanders so they need a "parent" to supervise. A few billion to H.M. Treasury should do the trick.
You point being? Do you think the profits from supplying the world with all its oil for two full years is something to be sneezed at?
The US would just take the oil from the British, and Gordon Brown would wimper its okay, you guys need it more than wee do, are we still friends?
Er - Yes we would.  Absolutly no doubt there at all.  Zip, zilch.
The Argentians invaded to divert attention away from the deplorable domestic situation at the time. The devastating economic conditions were leading to rioting and large scale civil unrest against the ruling military junta.
  
The British took the view that if they did nothing, then any far flung territory would be up for grabs. In addition Thatcher realised that if she did nothing then she would not get re-elected. The Task Force was deployed despite American warnings that a successful military operation would be 'impossible', and could not be undertaken with NATO help.
  
Coincidentally (or not) Argentina is currently suffering economic crisis, and has recently re-iterated statements that the Falklands belong to them.

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/this-britain/aggressive-argentina-boycotts-falklands-ceremonies-442953.html
They didn't the last time...
  
(to be fair, you did let us use *your* leased base on *our* island, Ascension, and you did let us have a few tankers of avgas - IIRC Weinberger and Reagan were 'onside', but you had your eye on oil deposits in Venezuela or somewhere, so you didn't want to get involved publicly)
We really showed those argies.
There wasn't any oil last time.
British: "Hey we found some oil!"

US: "Cool man, can I have some?"

British: "Well, I suppose we could arrange som..."

US: "Awesome! Thanks!" &lt;pushes Brits aside&gt; "Man, I love oil... nom, nom, nom, nom"
Not sure on that. They were very stubborn during the war. For example, the Argentinians repainted the roads from left-side driving to right-side. The islanders continued to drive on the left. 

A friend of mine worked there for a couple years. He was approached a few times with islanders wanting his "seed" for their daughters. Inbreeding is becoming a problem with the small population size.
My *point* was to put the volume in some kind of context, in order to aid understanding of its size. Sixty billion barrels means little by itself.
Argentina had a right wing military dictatorship at the time of course we did not help you.
[deleted]
&gt; They've only known there was oil 

hmm,  sure of that?  I mean,  it might not have been worth extracting at the time (I don't know much about offshore oil rigs,  but I understand that it is trickier than just planting a derrick in the desert),  but an information worth keeping nonetheless... 

As for waging a war just because the locals consider themselves this or that or fly such or such flag,  you gotta be kidding.   Open an history book when you have a chance...
I'm quoting the article which says that oil was only found there 10 years ago.

As for waging a war because the locals fly this flag or that, that is *exactly* what happened.  Britain returned most of her old colonies after the second world war (india etc).  The only ones we held on to were the ones that considered themsleves British  (gibraltar, falklands).  It would have been easier to just let them go but the locals didn't want it.

Summary:
There wasn't any oil last time.
British: "Hey we found some oil!"
They've only known there was oil there for 10 years which is way after the war was over.
The US government would "assist" the British in an instant.
US: "Cool man, can I have some?"
They blew it when they invaded and didn't sweet talk the islanders into joining them.
It would have been easier to just let them go but the locals didn't want it.
It's the Falklands, its a bit of a symbol.
&gt; They blew it when they invaded and didn't sweet talk the islanders into joining them.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
