Original Response:
Dali Lama:

* Lived in a Palace with servants and drafted methods of torture for law enforcement which included eye gouging
    
* Received $180,000 a year from CIA for spying on Chinese

* Received $400,000 to form a "Tibetan Guerilla Force" which was sent to Colorado for training
China:

1. Murders Tibetans without remorse

2. Supresses Tibetan culture.

3. Denies Tibetans basic liberties.
[Citation Needed]
http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9C0CEFD61538F931A35753C1A96E958260
http://www.michaelparenti.org/Tibet.html
[deleted]
ooooo.

He is going to DIE.

EDIT: Why the downmods? China will kill him if he wont comply. THIS IS CHINA WE ARE TALKING ABOUT. The people who run over kids in tanks on TV?

I dont think they give a flying fuck about the Dalai.
So its okay that the Tibetans are treated like slaves because everyone in China is enslaved to the state ?

That strikes me as incredibly faulty logic.
And one other question --- if the Tibetans don't want to be part of China why should they be forced to be ?
I see no actual arguments for anything in this whole thread, just a series of facts and/or assertions.
And now I'm picturing the Dalai Lama as Tom Petty.
[deleted]
so Lincoln is an asshole for not surrendering the Civil War?
China to Dalai Lama: We don't give a fortune cookie about you, old man
Upvoted because I came in here to say the exact same thing.

"Heeeeeey, China. There ain't no easy way out"
Facts?  On my reddit?
The difference is that China doesn't respect human rights, so has no claim on Tibet.
CIA Backed bastard. 20 MILLION DEATHS AT THE HANDS OF CIA IS ENOUGH!! Stop trying to split CHINA for your dumb interests.
This is starting to get creepy 0_o
What a brave man, saying that in another country where China has no authority after fleeing his homeland
This isn't about America.  So, bringing that up means nothing to this discussion.  You're just playing a misdirection game there.
Then why does the Communist Government experience conniptions whenever he speaks?
Whats creepy are the china men who support the Tibetan massacre.
And the leadership of the Communist party don't live in Palaces? 

The Chinese Leadership doesn't get paid shit loads of cash that are  the equal of any Western Billionaire?

The Chinese Government doesn't have this large military force called the "Peoples Liberation Army" that is the more than twice as large as the United States military? 

I'm sorry, but there is no comparison. The Chinese Government is run by and for a bunch of thugs.
Well, you are right, of course. I just cannot conceal my deep disdain for Dalai Lama. If he had his way, Tibet would still be an oppressed religio-feudal fundamentalist tsardom, the way it was before 1959 before the modernizing force of the PRC
so the US shouldn't have declared independence from England?

btw I think both our analogies are equally irrelevant
Tibet isn't yours to begin with. They dont even speak Chinese lmao.
Doesn't say Dalai Lama received anything. His administration has received money to help fund an independence movement. Dalai Lama himself who is the leader of Tibet was exiled long ago.
Yeah but no one else around you does, which is what matters.
Yet for some reason thats what people want? This coming from a communist is funny, we all know YOU guys will give freedom and democracy to them.
lmao China's a joke dont kid yourself.
China is made up of 56 different ethnicities who all speak different dialects. Tibet has been a part of China since 1271 AD, waaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyy before 
Europe got its dirty hands on America, Australia, Canada and New Zealand. 

Why dont yall move back to Europe and give back America, Australia, Canada and NZ to its indigenous people? God damn HYPOCRITES! 

FREE IRAQ FROM AMERICAN OCCUPATION. 

90% OF IRAQIS WANT AMERICA OUT!

FREE NATIVE AMERICAN LAND FROM AMERICAN OCCUPATION! LONG LIVE LAKOTA!
To Dalai Lama: If you are the living Buddha, please release your power and help all the Tibet people (and maybe Chinese communist as well) to get away from hunger and pain. If you are merely an old mortal, please stop cheating people with ugly religion and spending dirty US money, thank you.
If you look at the way China has handled prisoners and protesters in Tibet, it's pretty brutal. The Chinese government has killed more than a million Tibetans, and tortures and imprisons political dissidents.

But I guess stating the obvious doesn't excite conspiracy lovers, its much more fun to compare the Dalai Llama to Hitler.
I don't know who you calling "YOU". I am not even Chinese. However, what i am quite certain is that Tibet does not need any freedom and democracy at this stage, any more than Turkmenistan needed freedom from the Soviet Union. Look how nice it worked for it in the latter case. Tibet's bright future lies within China
Tibet wasn't under Chinese rule for hundreds of years.  According to the Chinese policy, America and half the rest of the world should be part of Britian.
[deleted]
&gt;Tibet would still be an oppressed religio-feudal fundamentalist tsardom

Can you back that with articles etc. somehow?
[deleted]
Um, world to Asshat the Dalai Lama has come to kick ass and chew bubblegum.... and he's all out of gum. 

 The US occupation of Iraq is a crime, so is the Chinese occupation of Tibet.
No. They do live in nice mansions.

No. The Leadership do not even get paid shit loads of cash equal to Western Billionaire. Those who get paid by others to the tunes of Western Millionaires are vetted and executed for accepting bribes.

Yes. The Chinese army is huge. That's because there are a lot of people. Iran's army is 1 million regulars, that is 3 times than the U.S.' 300,000+ regulars.

Have you checked how much the U.S. spends on its army compared to the Chinese and Iranians? The spendings are far more than double and tripled. Try 30x more.

The Chinese government is not corrupt free. But to say it's run by and for a bunch of thugs, not only have you insulted the citizens of China, but you have also shown arrogance, and ignorance towards an issue that is humanity-based.
US:

1. Murders Iraqis (and puppies) without remorse
2. Suppresses non-mainstream culture.
3. Denies ITS OWN citizens basic liberties.
Although I have made fun of your previous comment, but I am here to praise this one.

If the Tibetans do not want to be part of China, then NO, they should not forced to be. 

This is an important point often not discussed in the current situation. Nice point raised! Upmodded!
HAHA. The US doesn't respect human rights either, so what does that have to do with anything?

What you have cited though, is an argument against making a claim on Tibet. But shouldn't be a reason of.
Tibet has been part of China since the 20th century. 

They have had their own history, culture and language for a very long time.

In 1271 AD, Genghis Khan invaded Tibet not the Chinese.
It is about America. Because America is paying attention to Tibet. And American is paying attention to Tibet can also be attributed to Tibet having a nice gas / oil reserve.
LMAO. You are a chink dont lie.


"Tibet doesn't need freedom and democracy"
cia killed millions. Now it is the Chise's turn.

Edit: Chinese's
One thing to keep in mind is that almost no one has any true understanding of what's going on in Tibet right now.  It's all in a grey zone.  And compared to how China's dealt with these situations in the past, the army has been showing remarkable restraint.  China knows the world is watching them.  

Also understand that from all of the reports I've read, the Tibetans have been the ones to initiate violence.  This isn't Gandhi-esque demonstrations here.  These are genuine riots.  Tibetan mobs are roaming the streets of Lhasa beating on Han Chinese, as well as the Hui ethnic minority (a largely Muslim group).  The Hui mosque in Lhasa has been burned down, and much of the violence is now between these ethnic groups.  Gunshots echo throughout the city.  The goal of the Tibetan separatists want to expel everyone from the plateau that's not Tibetan.  

I know that there are many Tibetan-sympathizers here, and I understand that the way that China has cracked down on Tibet in the past has been brutal.  But for all of you, no matter what your proclivities, I want to ask you two questions:

1.  Does every ethnic group deserve their own nation state?
2.  What's worse, detaining people without trial inside your own country's sovereign borders, or doing so without permission in a host of other independent countries around the world?
you have proof?
So Tibet wants to swap communism for religious dictatorship? Some improvement.

China has done the Northen Ireland trick, anyway, so now Tibet has large groups of people who do not want the territory to secede.
[deleted]
I was comparing Lincoln and the  Civil War to China and the Tibet issue.

In the Civil War, states that allowed slavery were violating human rights by doing so.  If a government is formed with the purpose of violating human rights, it has no right to its own sovereignty.  

Lincoln's states still retained a rights-based constitution, so it was right for them to take over states that did not recognize human rights.  

China's government is not formed around human rights, so it has no right to take over Tibet.

The US in indeed a big violator of human rights - however, it does still have one of the most rights-based governments in the world.
Its what they want. The only thing that matters. Sorry but what they want isn't up to you to decide.

Its called freedom for a reason china man.
Answers:
1. Every ethnic group that has suffered human rights abuses from the parent nation deserves its own nation state. BTW Dalai Lama wants autonomy for Tibet, not independence.

2. It is a usual practice of apologists to ask others to look under their own glass houses. The answer does not lie in comparing one genocide against other, but in criticizing it every time it happens.
How sad is it that posters here are supporting mass murderers over peace?  Let us never forget the 20 million people the Communist Chinese murdered between 1958-1961.

Here's a tip: Try to place your support behind those who kill the least.  It's better for overall wellness.
1.  America is neither China or Tibet so why bring it up?  It is not relevant to the discussion.  When someone says they like cupcakes, do you say they should like flowers, too?

2.  Buddhism is not a cult.  Educate yourself.

3.  Everyone in China who does not wield power does not even have freedom of speech, the right to assemble, or any of the rights guaranteed to the citizens of many other nations.

&gt;others who are too stupid to realize that they would be under the yoke of the religious and physical tyranny of the Dalai Lama and his cohorts if the Chinese left.

What "physical tyranny?"  What weapons does the Dalai Lama have?
US shouldnt even have existed since you took land that wasnt your own
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I was driving to the movies with a friend the other day and we were running a bit late. My friend turned to me and said "Why don't you make like a Chinese father expecting a girl and STEP ON IT!"  I know it's wrong in so many ways but I laughed none the less.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Your first question is not really pertinent here. To free Tibet would be to give them back what they originally had. It's not about "deserving," it's about having the right to not be taken by force. 

And your second question is kind of like asking  "what's worse, being murdered by strangulation or gunshot?" Brutality is brutality, no matter how you package it.
To the Dalai Lama: Whether or not we share your religion, we should show respect for you, your people, and your beliefs. And we should support your right to stand up in the face of such oppression.
Right. The Dalai Lama is beloved by his people. And as for living in a palace, maybe so, but his lifestyle is much more austere than you imply, and also much more so than leaders of many, many, many other religions. Maybe you don't understand or agree with Buddhism, but if you learn a bit about it you will realize that these people are not deserving of what China has done, and is still doing, to them.
Well, this isn't really relevant, but as a U.S. citizen, let me just say that yes, they had a right to leave England to find independence. Tragically, they didn't have the sense to realize that the people who already lived in America had a great deal to offer and many would have been willing to share the land and their wisdom. Instead, we stole it and waged genocide on them. This is history, and not nothing to be proud of. Shouldn't we learn from our mistakes and stop this kind of tragedy from happening again?
Doesn't change the fact that if the dalai lama doesnt back down, they will kill him.
As a wise man once said, facts are stubborn things. 

And that fact is that China is a brutal dictatorship that is suppressing the desires and violating the rights of the Tibetan people.
1) Those figures include people who died of starvation.

2) In that situation, as during Stalin USSR, it was a case of Chinese killing Chinese.
FYI, the official name for Tibet is the "Autonomous Region of Tibet"
&gt;Every ethnic group that has suffered human rights abuses from the parent nation deserves its own nation state. 

I'm sorry, I just don't see how this is possible.  Should the Kurds in Iraq get their own nation state?  Hell，how about African Americans in the United States?  After WWI, Wilson had this sort of idealistic "one race, one state" solution and it predictably failed badly.

What sucks about the Tibetan situation is that there's no true way to get the truth about the situation.  Western media is enchanted with the *idea* of Tibet rather than the reality.  Tibetans make up 40% of the population in Lhasa.  We take the Dalai Lhama's word as gospel, even though he definitely has his own incentive to distort the truth.  And we obviously can't get the straight talk from the Chinese government.

And I'm sorry, asking someone to look inside their own glass house *is* legitimate.  It looks very hypocritical to the world when Americans condemn something like the Chinese control of Tibet, while our own country is occupying Iraq and committing our *own* human rights violations there.  And we at least have the power to vote the bastards out of office!

So you can say, "well, at least we went over to Iraq to take out an oppressive dictator".  Chinese children learn the *exact same thing* about why the PLA went into Tibet: to take out an oppressive 'feudal' ruler.

The truth, as it always is, is somewhere in between.
Of course. I didn't have an argument, but it's just trying to show a 3 point forms argument doesn't really do anything.

And if you looked again, I didn't even say my 3 points erase the genocide in China.

It's just that, it's easier to point at someone else's problems than to speak about your own. It'll be good for all if we can all do the hard part, right? :-D
LOL. I think you mean whole world as in the headline makers on Reddit and Digg, and because the Olympics is coming to Beijing, here's a bet: I bet the same tragedies will continue to happen post-Olympics, but by then, no one will pay attention to it.

It's been happening since the forming of the Communist party in China. It's been happening back when China was ruled by Kings. But I bet that once the Olympics is over, people won't talk about it.

Willing to bet on this?
The joke would be more accurate if you replace "Chinese" with "Indian".

Your friend is an ignoramus.
Calling someone an apologist, even indirectly, is a personal attack and a tactic employed by those with no real argument to make.
Stating the obvious? Please provide some sources for those exaggerated figures.
&gt;Start trying to split CHINA for your awesome interests.

Fixed that for you.

Summary:
I am not even Chinese.
And one other question --- if the Tibetans don't want to be part of China why should they be forced to be ?
The Dalai Lama is beloved by his people.
The difference is that China doesn't respect human rights, so has no claim on Tibet.
If the Tibetans do not want to be part of China, then NO, they should not forced to be.
Doesn't say Dalai Lama received anything.
The only thing that matters.
Its called freedom for a reason china man.
The Chinese government is not corrupt free.
The Chinese army is huge.
I don't know who you calling "YOU".
The US doesn't respect human rights either, so what does that have to do with anything?
I was comparing Lincoln and the  Civil War to China and the Tibet issue.
BTW Dalai Lama wants autonomy for Tibet, not independence.
They dont even speak Chinese lmao.
America is neither China or Tibet so why bring it up?
It's been happening since the forming of the Communist party in China.
What weapons does the Dalai Lama have?
"Tibet doesn't need freedom and democracy"
China's government is not formed around human rights, so it has no right to take over Tibet.
And if you looked again, I didn't even say my 3 points erase the genocide in China.
The Chinese Government is run by and for a bunch of thugs.
And that fact is that China is a brutal dictatorship that is suppressing the desires and violating the rights of the Tibetan people.
Well, you are right, of course.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.15
