Original Response:
[deleted]
The first answer seems correct.
[deleted]
They're starting to sound like the U.S. talking about *crazy* Islam
"too hostile to be dismissed"? How about this headline is "too ignorant to be taken seriously." It wasn't 'China' that made this statement, it was Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Jiang Yu. And, by golly, people in other countries have a wide range of opinions, too! even in China! omg!
a foreign ministry spokesperson...so basically someone who speaks to the world for china?
Don't tell reddit, people there hate religion.
is Sean McCormack the voice of the United States?

no, Jiang Yu is someone who speaks to the world for the government of China.
Except he wasn't talking about Buddhism, he was talking about the social structure that existed under the Dalai Lama before he was exiled, which by the way was an extremely dark period of Tibetan history.

It should say Dalai "was" the ruler, but there is no distinction between "is" and "was" in the Chinese language.
[deleted]
[deleted]
ya this headline is a little inflammatory, but come on, this guy is trying to defend his brand of fascism by claiming he's saving them from another..
I agree.  I appreciate the sentiment, but link-baiting won't get you votes.
no, Mandarin Chinese does have a past tense, just not in the same way as in English. rather than having a verb conjugation to indicate the past tense, it is derived from contextual indicators and particles.
For most verbs you just add a word at the end to make it past tense, but "is" is a weird verb, and past tense is usually indicated by context.
Yes, because Mao urging the Red Guards (through his Gang of Four lackeys) to raid "bourgeois" homes and punish people who owned paintings or books during the Cultural Revolution -- himself, a legendary bookworm, excluded of course -- must have been the apogee of the sunshine of civilization.
I heard they don't really hate Buddhism.
&gt; And, by golly, people in other countries have a wide range of opinions, too! even in China! omg!

Nope.  White people consider only white people to be individuals capable of personal thought - everyone else is hive minded.
Buddhism seems closer to philosophy than religion (although there are some supernatural things like coming back as a critter and past lives)
Could you tell me why you think they're ignorant? What facts do you feel they seem to lack?

Tibet *was* a theocratic serfdom under the lamas. No doubt about it, that's what it was.

Is it better under the chinese? That is *entirely* another question, but if you want to talk about ignorance, we're talking about matters of fact, not opinion.

Care to clarify your stance a little, theredkap?
This is communism denouncing theocracy.  Which do you prefer?  Niether can be trusted, even the Dalai.  The Pope is a good man too but you would not want to be ruled by him.
How can that be true? Wasn't what the US did the darkest slavery?
&gt; this guy is trying to defend his brand of fascism by claiming he's saving them from another..

I think I've heard something like that before somewhere...
Buddhism has karma. Reddit has karma.

Therefore Buddhism is cool.

I think we can ignore the violent extremists on just this one occasion. BUT ALL OTHER RELIGIONS STILL SUCK!!
[deleted]
Let's give it up for those Confuscists!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Submitter, hang your head in shame. You spin like a neocon. 

He was talking about Tibetan theocratic serfdom, not Buddhism.
What? You mean the Chinese Govt said bad things about the Dalai Lama?

No way! Really?
This headline is wildly out of context.
In fact, Communism, not unlike modern physics, is highly derivative of Buddhism. And this is not a coincidence. Both concepts emerged in a time when the West was opening up to the ideas of the East. In fact, until well into the nineteenth century it was a requirement of a PhD candidate in Germany to learn the Chinese characters. This amazing fact makes sense when you consider that until the twentieth century the marjority of the world's printed manuscripts were published in Chinese.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Dogs are zen.
I don't know about all of history but Tibetan buddhist feudalism was some dark-ass slavery.
The coming back as a critter thing is a misinterpretation of the Dharma. Buddhism is not only not a religion, it is not a philosophy either --it is a practice. The concept of rebirth is not a lesson on how to make to the top of some heirarchical pile where the Buddha is the top and the cockroach is the bottom. That's how Capitalism works, not Buddhism. In Buddhism, the use of this concept is merely to demonstrate that all striving results in suffering. 

There's variations on the theme obviously and some sects gain more adherenets by treating such things more literally than others, but basically it all comes back to preventing suffering. This is not particularly different from the teachings of Christ who was probably also exposed to the Dharma in his travels. The latter point has been noted by many prominent Christians like Thomas Merton who died in Asia studying Buddhism.
Godwinned in record time.
Well, Buddhism ***is*** the religion of moderation. Literally.
I think Buddhism appeals to so many athiests and agnostic people because its founding texts *are* quite philosophical.  
  
To a certain extent, it's also somewhat exotic and has a more complex layer of abstraction inherent in its texts and teachings so that people who see through the patently absurd ideas of mono-theistic religions 'park' their naturally evolved minds desire to account for the wonders of their existence in its driveway.  
  
As with any religion, however, the nebulous 'truths' it espouses can easily be manipulated by people who seek to define it for others.
"Dalai is the ruler of the theocratic serfdom system, which is the darkest slavery in human history."

Downvoted for intentionally twisting his words.
There *are* atheist buddhists.
I understand your complaint here, though I am not exactly ready to hang my head in shame just yet. The problem with the minister's statement is that it equates the 'Middle Way' (Buddhism) to the serfdom that existed in Tibet a hundred years ago. The Dalai Lama has no affiliation with that system of government, and is only calling for a return to non-extremist principles. In the Dalai's statement, he denounces the violent protests, and calls for an investigation (one that includes Chinese participation). Read his statement here:

http://www.dalailama.com/news.218.htm
I think the distinction is well understood already.
Whisper has a legitimate complaint. Calling him/her worse than Hitler is just wrong.
[deleted]
So.. it sounds like the Chinese government views the Tibet occupation the same way the US government views the Iraq occupation.  

Both say that they're saving the people from themselves by bringing change.
Every religion has it's extremists, even the moderate ones.
I'm not disagreeing with you, because what you say is true:

&gt;there is no distinction between "is" and "was" in the Chinese language.

but i'd just like to say that the lack of appreciation for the complexity of theoretical linguistics amongst other scientists is really, really frustrating. Linguistic theory is an incredibly complex science, with unique empirical hindrances and ideological conflicts. Just check out this  book about mandarin chinese:

http://books.google.ie/books?id=njea2LBW4jcC&amp;pg=PA428&amp;lpg=PA428&amp;dq=mandarin+past+tense&amp;source=web&amp;ots=lkagnpaAc2&amp;sig=n5DkmGVpyPw-UTVJP-qReQuilzI&amp;hl=en#PPR5,M1

The theoretical detail is astounding to give even a broad explanation of one language's properties. The whole science is built on the principle that the most elegant solution that explains the data is best, because there is no experimental level, since our neurobiology isn't good enough to watch how its actually implemented. Its kind of like trying to work out how Java code works if we had no idea that a cpu, JVM or assembly code even existed.
difference is: in buddhism: to stop creating karma is the goal :)
Nothing on this planet justifes an invasion and occupation. 

According to your logic, China doesn't have a democracy either and given this fact and that its ruled by a dictatorship, the US has a right to invade and occupy China.
no
I didn't get that reading at all.

"Dalai is the ruler of the theocratic serfdom system, which is the darkest slavery in human history."

He's referring to the Dalai's "Middle Way" if anything, not a general Buddhist middle way.

It's a great topic for discussion but your headline is incredibly misleading.
Extremism in the defense of moderation is no -- sense?  ;-)
&gt;is the ruler of the theocratic serfdom system, which is the darkest slavery in human history
&gt; How about **this headline** is "too ignorant to be taken seriously."
no you just refuse to admit there is one.
There was more widespread slavery in Asia than in the US during those feudal times.
Yes, but the minister goes on to say: "Dalai's "Middle Way" is to restore his past heaven and put millions of already emancipated serfs back to the dark cage." This is not what the Dalai Lama is asking for.
&gt;Nothing on this planet justifes an invasion and occupation.

"Nothing"? Nothing at all? Are you sure about that? Don't *make* me Godwin this thread...

&gt;According to your logic, China doesn't have a democracy either and given this fact and that its ruled by a dictatorship, the US has a right to invade and occupy China.

What logic? What did I say about China? I said nothing about China. 

Oh, I see. You labour under the stupid misapprehension that there are two sides, and I am either on one or the other.
And atheist Hindus, if I'm not mistaken.
So how's your campaign to give back America's natural resources to native Americans going?
Right. The Dalai Lama calls his solution to the Tibet situation (a Tibet governed by China but autonomous) "the Middle Way", as the question implies. The foreign minister is clearly addressing, and rejecting, that solution.

Nonextremism is sometimes referred to as the "Middle Way", but never Buddhism in general. So he's obviously not attacking Buddhism. I can't imagine he's attacking nonextremism either.
I'm a communist, and I'm influenced by Buddhism, but I'm not sure I see the connection. What links do you see?
LOL... almost fell out of my chair.  Bravo!
And you guys make fun of digg… Shame on you User mad_scientist!
[deleted]
Mandarin Chinese also doesn't have a YES or NO.

Were you swimming? "Was" or "was not"...

Have you eaten?  "have" or "not have" is how you'd answer.
I didn't see him advocating the Chinese occupation of Tibet, I just saw him decrying inaccurate headlines. You need to relax.
Obviously the Dalai Lama doesn't phrase it in those terms -- that's the Chinese spin on the matter, and why they refuse the Dalai Lama's solution.

But if you're going to criticize misleading information, you should probably refrain from propagating your own.
Are you sure about this?  What do we know? If the Dalai Lama rules Tibet, will it get any better?  Do you have references?

Replacing one totalitarian form of government with another doesn't sound like progress.  I need some strong evidence to make me believe otherwise.
Perhaps. 

But you said "Buddhism". That's putting words in the minister's mouth, words he never spoke and never intended. 

Agree with him, disagree with him, like him, hate him, whatever. But surely it is foolish not to understand what it is he actually said.
[deleted]
Chinese has no equivalent of "the" either. We are doing just fine. 
In the context of the minister's comment, to make it past tense, you would add "in the past" in front of the character that would mean "is" by itself, to make it a past tense.
[deleted]
&gt;Nothing on this planet justifies an invasion and occupation.

Well, I suppose some things justify it, but I wont go there: I have this weird principle that each people should be free to rule their land, and that includes Tibet.

But Whisper is still absolutely right: the headline is highly misleading, and what is said about the regime of pre-Chinese theocratic Tibet is IMO correct:

&gt;Dalai is the ruler of the theocratic serfdom system,

Correct, in historical terms.

&gt;which is the darkest slavery in human history.

Well, I suppose this one is a bit argumentative, since it's hard to call anything the "darkest". It was pretty gruesome though.

&gt;There wasn't any kind of democracy,

Correct. The average Tibetian has more democracy under Chinese rule then under the theocratic Buddhist regime. 

&gt;freedom and human rights, but only serfowner's privilege under that system.

That's what I've read on the subject seems to indicate.

&gt;Dalai's "Middle Way" is to restore his past heaven and put millions of already emancipated serfs back to the dark cage.

This part is were I have reservations. I admittedly haven't been paying attention to the current Dalai Lama political proposals but I have my doubts that the feudal regime of yore is his proposal. At least the Marxist side of the Dalai Lama makes me think that, from the little I've read.

It's important to note that I believe Tibet has the right to be independent, since I think that the land of Tibet is the responsibility of ethnic Tibetans. Being "worse" or "better" in social or economic terms is not a reason for annexation or a justification.
&gt;So how's your campaign to give back America's natural resources to native Americans going?

Given that's a phenomenon that's spread throughout the entirety of the Americas...

IMO, "we were here first" isn't a good argument.  The good argument is "we don't want to be ruled by you".  And that's why I support Tibet's independence - because their people do - at least seem to.  We won't get reliable data on that topic right now.
[deleted]
Or the rather infamous Do not want.
&gt;Replacing one totalitarian form of government with another doesn't sound like progress.

It does if the people of the country support that.

Not everyone in this world needs democracy.  Some people would settle for safety and security.  Ask any Iraqi right now how they feel about democracy.
Or the more infamous, "na ge."
Based on class, not race.  The US invented and perfected race-based stigmatized, never-ending slavery. MB is right.

As a black Buddhist/Taoist I call BS!
The headline is a base appeal to the "China as Enemy" mindset that usually depends on the kind of generalization that is displayed by the author in saying "&lt;i&gt;China&lt;/i&gt; calls..." Whether or not Tibet was a serfdom isn't really relevant to the debate either, as this statement was just a radical ad hominem directed at the Dalai Lama, a political opponent of the ruling Communist Party. One must also keep in ind that these statements were in Chinese and were intended for a domestic audience.
[deleted]
羊人醒吧！
One crime doesn't justify the other. An invasion during the 15-16th century doesn't justify another invasion.

If that were true, we should be invading China.

Ultimately its about a dictatorship China callin another dictatorship in Tibet evil, which is ironic to say the least.
The Chinese government should let the Tibetan open up casinos and give Dalai Lama a cut of the profit and everyone will be happy.
I have this crazy idea that the Tibetan people should decide what's best for them.
Don't do what we do, do what we say?
I spat my drink out at this one. :)
You know, I've never really understood why Andrew Jackson gets a place of honor on our money.

The man is what I would consider the face of America's genocide. I mean, come on... the Trail of Tears was organized by this man, and we honor him?
Even the modern stuff seems like this to me.  Slave to the ¨spirits¨, whether or not you are lucky in business, love, crop yield, etc etc.  Yeah, I know thatś more animism than Buddhism, but that is how it works out over here in Asia.  Buddhism here bears very little resemblance to the trendy philosophical type religion we call Buddhism in the west.  Im not trying to justify Chinaś actions, but their assertion about the dominant religion in Tibet isnt too far off.
Isn't home the best place to start fighting injustice? You could do your part by cashing your home and blowing the money in a tribal casino. You know it's right, and it's directly in your power - it only requires genuine sacrifice.
So the rhetoric when I was a kid watching tank man wasn't to much to be dismissed. It is just "becoming to hostile"?

Odd.
Mitä se tarkoittaa?
So your saying invasions are justified? Only if its China? Why dont you just give up? Your argument is old and baseless.

If you had half a brain you'd realize you just justified every invasion and occupation ever in human history.
Because of the delicious big block of cheese?
Well... seeing as how Hindu is one of two situations where a term reflects both an ethnicity *and* is the term for a faith (however diverse), that really rather does make sense.

But it's more like saying that there are atheist Jews.  

Of course, most of that is because Hindu is, in terms of religions, something of a neologism; it didn't exist *per se* until the 1800's; and even then only as a way of differentiating between the indigenous peoples within the British Empire.
Yes, but you cannot sarcastically Godwin after sarcastically agreeing with someone.

Sarcasm must be kept within the same point of view or one of the two perspectives will be perceived as simply bitter.

For instance:

"Oh yeah, Bush's presidency has been FANTASTIC!  I mean, anyone who supports bush is a terrorist."

See, I was sarcastic in both lines, but because both forms of sarcasm are from competing perspectives, you generally will assume one or the other was *not* sarcastic.
Communist dictatorship &gt; Serfdom?

I find it funny China claiming Tibet had no freedom, human rights or democracy when China has none of it.
What we've just determined is that you are a hypocrite while the Chinese are doing what they believe is right.

Isn't that the entire basis of bona fide ethics?
You'd prefer serfdom?

Jesus fucking shit
All they did was incorporate bits and pieces of Buddhism into their pagan beliefs.
Everything is a line from the Simpsons.
&gt; It wasn't 'China' that made this statement, it was Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Jiang Yu.

Nations speak through government spokespeople, and, unlike in democracies, the various officials of the Chinese government don't publicly take contradictory positions.

Jiang Yu's official rebuttal to the Dalai Lama is the official position of the Chinese government on the matter. If you think Chinese government ministers just say whatever they want to say - if you think they express a wide-range of opinions - you don't understand the organization of the Chinese Communist Party. The Party makes the decisions, and all its members must adopt and promote those positions.

Furthermore, Jiang Tu's argument is not new or unique to him: the Chinese government has long claimed to have freed Tibet from feudalism. He is just reiterating a very old Party line.
So you'd prefer a communist dictatorship? They've kill atleast 100 million. They imprison people just for speaking. You cannot even have more than 1 child.

Sounds good?

I'd rather take whatever Tibet had before the Chinese came in. 

The only stories i've ever heard about this lack of human rights and serfdom in Tibet, were from the Chinese and its supporters.
Ok, what reason do you have to believe that they will be more safe and secure under new leadership?

Was I calling for democracy?  Generally I do but I like to know a lot more about the situation before I start telling people what the solution should be.

Before I decide that I think the solution should be a Dalai ruled Tibet I need to know more.  I think most people just like the slogan ... "Free Tibet!"  It does sound good.
Huh? They're *right*.  Muslimism *is* the darkest slavery in human history.
The minister intentionally conflated Dalai's Tibetan Buddhist "Middle Way" with Tibetan serfdom. It's in the quote by mad_scientist right above you that you're conveniently ignoring.

If you'd stop with the pseudo-intellectual pontificating for a moment, you'd realize the headline is an abbreviation. It does NOT misrepresent the Chinese minister's words nor his intent.
---
Edit: Oh that's funny. I call out this condescending idiot and get downmodded for it, while said condescending idiot gets upmodded for some neurotic, meticulous exercise in self-assurance.

Well, either that, or I just found one of the dumbshits who runs dummy accounts through GreaseMonkey to pump up his own comments and hide the detractors.

Reddit's a fucking joke.
&gt; What facts do you feel they seem to lack?

The Dalai Lama does not want to continue the autocratic government Tibet had before China invaded.

Source: http://www.tibet.com/future.html

Plus, China does not represent progress over a religious dictatorship. It is, itself, a terrible dictatorship, albeit one that worships the state rather than a god.

In the end, all that matters is that the people of Tibet want to be independent from China. It is their decision to make; it doesn't matter whether the Chinese government claims to be doing good deeds in Tibet. The Tibetans don't want them there, so they should leave.
Hmm. It is possible to have neither.
Yes you are right. The point however is that China is in no position to use the democracy and freedom argument.
Fascinating discussion.

Seems oddly familiar
That's good of him, but why is it his call?
Dear ChinesePropaganda:

You seem to have a good message, which appears to have been downvoted by unscrupulous, freedom hating redditors. Well, I think such a thing is unnacceptable. Consider yourself +1 to supporters.
I hate how the debate of Tibetan independence has turned into the same sort of "who's responsible for more harm" that plagues the debate between theists and atheists.

Tibetans want independence, not a return to theocratic rule. The Chinese don't want to give up the land to the Tibetans.

There's good arguments on both sides.  Saying "you're just a bad person" isn't one of them.
Did you just plant that statement to look smart?

Why dont you just come out and say invasions and occupations are great? As a Chinese person just say you support em and we'll show you one. Oh wait, its just China who's allowed.

I guess since Mao killed millions of Chinese we're allowed to as well. I'll remember that if there's ever a US-China war.
&gt; Nope. White people consider only white people to be individuals capable of personal thought - everyone else is hive minded.

When the Foreign Ministry Spokesperson issues a response to the Dalai Lama, he is speaking for the Chinese government. That's all there is too it. Who could reasonably think he's just shootin' the breeze with reporters? Obviously he speaks for the government.

This comment will probably be downmodded, because apparently many Redditors think the Chinese Communist Party just lets its spokespeople say whatever they want. Talk about clueless....
2 wrongs make a right?

He did it, so i'll do it.
lmao post again when you have something to say.
Tell that to the untouchables, and the disabled people who deserve no sympathy because they're paying for bad deeds in their past lives.
Dalai lama is chosen at birth. He doesn't come up and declare himself a dictator. They have a unique way of doing things which i would not consider a serfdom. Its not a full democracy but its not a serfdom.

Back in the feudal times everyone had slaves, even in Asia. In China, its well documented, that slavery was widespread and a big part of the economy.
&gt; That's good of him, but why is it his call?

He's saying it shouldn't be his call - he will do what the people of Tibet want.

From the last link I posted:

"In 1961, I promulgated a constitution for future, free Tibet, based on the principles of modern democracy. In general, this Constitution received overwhelming support from the Tibetans. The Tibetans, however, strongly opposed one provision, which stipulated that if circumstances demanded, the power of the Dalai Lama could be taken away according to the Constitution. Therefore, this provision had to be revised.

In 1963, an even more comprehensive draft constitution was announced. In an attempt to democratise the exile Tibetan Administration, the Assembly of Tibetan People's Deputies was entrusted with the authority to abolish the traditional bipolar system of appointing monk and lay officials to each position. The Assembly also annulled all the hereditary titles and prerogatives granted to small groups of people under the old system. In its place, new guidelines were introduced by which government officials would be appointed in a democratic fashion.

The 1963 draft constitution also authorised a Council of Regents to assume the powers of the Dalai Lama under specific circumstances if that was seen to be in the highest interest of the nation. In deference to the wishes of the people, as I stated earlier, and circumstances prevailing at that time, the constitution gave the ultimate authority of the government to the Dalai Lama. Naturally, I was not satisfied with this clause. I felt that this constitution fell far short of my aim for a genuine democracy.

Therefore, in my speech of the March 10 Anniversary in 1969, I declared that when the Tibetans regained their right to rule themselves, the people must decide for themselves as to what kind of system of government they wanted. I also stated that it was not certain whether the system of government with the Dalai Lama as the supreme head would continue or not." - The Dalai Lama
I gotta say, between the Chinese government and the serfdom which dominated Tibet, I would take the Chinese government in a heartbeat.

They're not as bad as you make them out to be.  They're harsh (for sure), but not unreasonable.  A friend of mine who works for Microsoft recently moved back to China (he's telecommuting) and he loves it.  I've talked with him several times about his impression of the Chinese government, and he's fairly okay with it.  It seems the Communists in China are very good at buffering the progress of society.  Each year they become a little more tolerant and make life a little bit better for the citizens of China.  The plus side is it keeps people in China content with their government, the negative side is it often make China look out of touch with the rest of the world on certain issues.  China isn't close to perfect, but I don't think the dominant attitude of a religion-quashing, free speech-hating, oppressive Chinese government is a fair one.
&gt; You'd prefer serfdom?

To Stalinism and Maoism? Damned straight. To the present Chinese government? Of course not.
&gt;Dalai lama is chosen at birth. He doesn't come up and declare himself a dictator. They have a unique way of doing things which i would not consider a true serfdom.

The hereditary nature of the Dalai Lama isn't what leads me to support the description made of the theocratic Tibetan regime; European monarchies (and others) are also hereditary and they're democratic.

That "unique way" however is something I don't quite grasp; I mean, I can understand that tey would have some specific traditions and ways of doing things, but there is no doubt that it was true serfdom, of a distinctive feudal nature.

&gt;Back in the feudal times everyone had slaves, even in Asia. In China, its well documented, that slavery was widespread and a big part of the economy.

Exactly... the difference being the time frame. Regardless of ones views on the Chinese regime they didn't have slavery at the time they invaded, Tibet sort of did (chattel slavery, at least).

I stress, again, that this is not meant as a justification of continued Chinese occupation.
I'm still undecided on this Tibet issue... while I think China has work to do on its human rights issues, I'm still confused as to why the West is pressuring China to give it independence?

The Uyghur (Xinjiang) province is also clamouring for independence. So is Quebec, in Canada. And the Basque in Spain. 

When do we decide that a group of people are justified in carving out their own land and government?
Today on NPR they were talking about the Chinese state media's reports of suicide bombers and planned terrorist attacks during the Olympic torch's visit to Tibet. Sound familiar?
Tibet is meant to be an autonomous region. Is it only autonomous in name? I suspect the Tibetans want to have their own system of government, staffed by ethnic Tibetans?
Yes, what the chinese government does is horrible.

However, it is true that the Dalai Lama is just another hereditary ruler &amp; the tibetan system is a system of serfdom. If you look at the posted article that is what China was talking about. No one said that Buddhism was the darkest slavery in human history. The original poster needs to be held accountable for that.
Or the more more infamous "bu zhe dao"
The best way to solve this dispute would be with an old fashion breakdance fight.

Lama, you're up first.

DJ, drop the needle.
&gt;I'm still undecided on this Tibet issue... 

It's not an easy issue, especially for people who don't have strong opinions on the concept of nationality (and even then...)

&gt;while I think China has work to do on its human rights issues, I'm still confused as to why the West is pressuring China to give it independence?

The West is pressuring due to a lot of factors, most of them have nothing to do with the well-being of Tibetans. Thi is not to say hat people don't have an honest concern about humans rights, just that that isn't the key motivation of the political pressure.

&gt;The Uyghur (Xinjiang) province is also clamouring for independence. So is Quebec, in Canada. And the Basque in Spain.

Correct.

&gt;When do we decide that a group of people are justified in carving out their own land and government?

Good question. You raise good points and examples. The thing with Tibet is that the annexation was a recent historical event. The Basque Country hasn't been an independent nation in many, many centuries, for example. This is not to say that they don't have a right to self-rule of course, assuming that that is the will of the majority of Basques (I'm part Basque BTW),
As comedian David Cross pointed out:

Rabbi: "...let me ask you a question: was your mother's vagina Jewish?"

Cross: "er, yes it was."

Rabbi: "Sorry, I'm afraid you're still Jewish!"
An even more appropriate demand along those lines would be to give England back to the Anglo-Saxons. Tibet has been part of China for nearly that long. Calling it an invasion and occupation misses the point.
No? When was the last time a government said there were going to be suicide bombers and planned terrorist attacks during the Olympic Torch relay?
I would guess so. That's what the Dalai Lama wants, anyway, and that's what the Tibetans had  in the 700 years preceding the uprising in 1959, which convinced the Chinese they needed to rule more directly.
Isn't there a difference though in the US setting up a democracy (you may call it a puppet government- but let's pretend we can take their word for it) and the Chinese having no plans to leave any time soon?
The Chinese government criticizing another nation for being oppressive towards its own people?
Tell me this is a joke!
[deleted]
China has a long way to go before it becomes a totally free society but it is not as evil as some portray it as.  I'm glad that people are looking at the situation objectively.  Up until recently the opinions have been extremely one sided and articles without credible sources were accepted as fact.  I think the various groups like the Dali, Falun Gong, and other self interest groups laid it on too heavy and there is some backfire now.
If it's good for one, isn't it good for another?
OK, enough with the "lets all pile on China" bullshit. This title is pure made up crap. The article says nothing at all about Buddhism. What is DOES refer to, and remember the linked article is a translation from the original Chinese, is the period before 1949 when Tibet was relatively autonomous and was also a very difficult place for your average Tibetan to live. 
Fact is that life in Tibet in the first half of the 20th century    was damn near hell for most people. Read up on it. It isn't propaganda or spin or anything other than the truth. It really was not a good place for the average person. The only people in Tibet at that time who had it relatively good were the religious elite and warlords. The common people lived in utter destitution and were effectively slaves to the powerful. THAT is what the guy is referring to in the article. A little reason and fairness, on both sides but especially on the side of the West,  would go a long way towards making the current situation less of a powder keg.
Here is the response I sent to the Chinese government.  (webmaster@mfa.gov.cn)

*Please be careful with your rhetoric (words). Comparing the Dalai's Middle Way to history (http://www.fmprc.gov.cn/eng/xwfw/s2510/2535/t423024.htm
) is like comparing present China to Mao's Cultural Revolution. Unless current China IS comparable! As a bourgeois tourist/consumer, I consider where my money goes. While I was planning on visiting China next year, my plans may change. The same with my purchases. While NOT a Buddhist, unconsidered words may influence my decisions with regard to your great nation.  Thank you.*
It seems the Chinese gov't has been losing the ability to pull off the crackdowns of old.
Abstractly, you can justify an invasion under some circumstance or another, I would bet.
I doubt that the native Americans, to whom you'll doubtless give control of the US army, will have much against China?
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=88224648
That's the story bud.
Theocratic serfdom? Under what religion? You're splitting hairs.
Dalai Lama, in 1988 in European Parliament, called for an autonomos and self-governed Tibet, which he (of course) would lead, and of which China would only be responsible for defense and foreign affairs. What he wanted was for Tibet to have its own government (like Monaco, Luxemburg, etc) and its own system. China opposed this, but has always given Tibet autonomy. 

Recently, he's changed his stance, and is calling for a chinese-governed Tibet, where he (of course) would lead the spiritual aspect of it... This would sound better for the Chinese govt. but they claim that the Dalai Lama is a liar (so they say) so they don't want to listen to that stance either.
Ahh didn't catch that one.
1) He is not talking about Buddhism
2) He is right about the Lama and his slavery
Jail for Chinese rights activist 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/7327718.stm

Chinese execution Buses
http://news.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30000-1236184,00.html

Chinese execution for taking bribes
http://spykedup.wordpress.com/2008/03/17/china-execution-for-taking-bribes/

Photos of mass Chinese execution
http://www.pekingduck.org/archives/002266.php
This Dalai? Now? Right.
Aren't you referring to Hinduism?
To me, he looks a lot like a deposed dictator who wants his land back. He did not modernize the government of Tibet while he was in power (ok, he was young) and neither did his predecessors - they were on top of the pile and liked it that way. If he's to get credit for their deeds - after all, isn't he supposed to be the same bloke - then why can't we judge him by his prior political conduct?

All metaphysics aside, if the Free Tibet movement was a bit less centered on their former Pope / Theocrat / Dictator I think they would get a lot further. To have a religious figure appeal to the western democracies for aid really does sit poorly - that's not really the cry of a democratic society wanting to be liberated, it's the cry of a feudal society trying to return to the old ways.

After the current Dalai Lama is dead, perhaps the tibetan independence movement will acquire a more credible political voice, but until that happens, I find my secularist values really interfere with my ability to support a deposed theocrat.

Which is not to say that the Chinese don't suck too, but the poor tibetan people appear, to me, to be wedged between an ugly past (the theocracy of the Lamas, with all the mistreatment that implied - medieval europe was no better, of course) or the ugly future of totalitarian rule by China.

Perhaps they can find a new way, towards a democratic future freed of the ancient medieval power structures, and the communist takeover alike.
I would like to ask everyone to down vote this post so that the title doesn't keep misleading people.

As "Whisper" below mentions, the Chinese governor was talking about "theocratic serfdom", not Buddhism.

If you believe serfdom is just propaganda used by the Chinese government, you can google up "Tibet serfdom" too see what you find.

A quick search revealed the following:
"Religions have had a close relationship not only with violence but with economic exploitation. Indeed, it is often the economic exploitation that necessitates the violence. Such was the case with the Tibetan theocracy. Until 1959, when the Dalai Lama last presided over Tibet, most of the arable land was still organized into manorial estates worked by serfs. These estates were owned by two social groups: the rich secular landlords and the rich theocratic lamas. Even a writer sympathetic to the old order allows that “a great deal of real estate belonged to the monasteries, and most of them amassed great riches.” Much of the wealth was accumulated “through active participation in trade, commerce, and money lending.” "

source: http://www.michaelparenti.org/Tibet.html
Hooray... reflibman! That's a very apt comparison. But, I think one has to understand that china is immersed in a group think situation about tibet and the dalai lama.  It's kind of like how people in the usa thought about the war against the middle east in 2002. Or perhaps more aptly said - it's like how the Dutch thought about south africa when it was a colony of theirs.
Yeah, people think the Dalai Lama represents all of Buddhism, like the Pope represents all of Catholicism. In truth, the Dalai Lama is regent over a small sect of Buddhism native to Tibet. I don't agree with the Chinese government's policy towards Tibet, but your headline is misleading.
When did Dalai equate Buddhism? Misleading title indeed.
So class based slavery is ok? LMAO.

Atleast you admitted to the slavery. I'm surprised you did at all.
So what happened to the natives in the 15th century is not ok, but Tibet is ok?
You mean, like John Bolton?
Meanwhile, the Dear Leader's brother was running guns from the CIA to guerillas in Tibet. Oh wait, a rag with lofty words is vastly more important.
No downmodding, you're right. Jiang Yu is exactly like America's John Bolton. Except more based in reality and a lot less obnoxious.
The headline is sensationalist, but theocracy in Tibet == Buddhism, no?
I am aware of how China executes prisoners.  I am aware they place the bar for the death penalty very low.  You get executed for possession of more than 5g of drugs.  You get executed for running a corporation that puts lead in children's toys, and you get executed if you're the government inspector who takes a bribe to look past safety violations.

China executes a lot of people.  They bus them through town to show people the unenviable criminals about to die, and then they shoot them in the back of the neck.

They imprison protesters who break the law (and it's easy to break the law if you're a protester).

I know about all the bad in China, but I really have to say, it's not *that* bad.  China is VERY different.  They do things their own way and it seems to work.  The Chinese people are happy and healthy and life gets better every day.

There are people alive today in China who remember decades ago when they went through famines which killed millions of people.  A famine around 1960 in China killed 20 million people.  It's easy to throw stones at China for executing a few thousand criminals a year, often for non-violent crimes.  But if you're a Chinese citizen, you don't really give a shit whether some criminal lives or dies.  You do, however, care that you and your fellow law-abiding countrymen no longer die of starvation.

Granted, I have a serious problem with some of the methods the Chinese government uses, but I really can't argue with the results.
Wow! You're 'surprised' I did at all????  *REALLY??* I guess that would be based on you vast knowledge of me 'mensrea' someone you've never met **at all**; and only spoken to/at once on the Internets. I say again-- Wow! [... and by "Wow" I mean WTF are you smoking?] 

"L"-ing your AO???? Really??? That's some sense of humor ya got there fella; you might want to have that looked at.

Good luck Chuckles!
&gt; Which is not to say that the Chinese don't suck too, but the poor tibetan people appear, to me, to be wedged between an ugly past (the theocracy of the Lamas, with all the mistreatment that implied - medieval europe was no better, of course) or the ugly future of totalitarian rule by China.

It's the Tibetans' decision, and they don't seem to have a problem with the Dalai Lama. I don't see any reason to pity the Tibetans for supporting a benign religious leader who has championed democracy for 50 years and plays a major cultural role in their society.
Not unless Buddhism == theocracy in Tibet.
So in other words, Asian slavery is ok. Other slavery is bad.
Saying that something is worse than something else doesn't mean that the other thing is good.

&gt; ME: Being waterboarded is worse than sleep-deprivation.

&gt; YOU: So you think sleep-deprivation is OK?
&gt;*you don't understand the organization of the Chinese Communist Party*

I'm, all ears. Tell me what you know about *the organization of the Chinese Communist Party*

Bulshitter.
Actually, it's *our* decision. If they want our support, *we* decide whether to give it, and how much support to give.

Of all the causes in the world, frankly, I think that Tibet is kind of small potatoes with a great PR campaign. The US has actually overseen far worse human rights abuses than the Chinese are even accused of in Tibet in Iraq, and that's going on **right now** not in Tibet 50 years ago.

I really feel like the whole Tibet thing is a lost cause anyway, and we should be focussed on trying to prevent the problems of today and tomorrow, not pouring political will down a drain.
Well, just look at the central premise of Buddhism: reduce suffering. This is  quite close to the goals of Communism, isn't it? At the risk of oversimplifying things, isn't the end of Communism a utopian society where everyone lives in harmony and has their needs met. That sounds like a practical plan to end suffering to me. And what is the method that both would use to end suffering? In the method we also see similarity. The buddhist would avoid things that incite passion while the communist would spurn luxury brands that inspire resentment. 

And these similarities result in similar misunderstandings. People think that since Buddhism advocates avoiding passion that buddhists are against ecstacy, but this is not the case. Buddhist priests have a long history of intoxication and exteme sexual behavior integral to their practice. In fact, there is plenty of room for extremely erotic behavior within Buddhism and likewise the real goal of Communism is not a harsh, austere existence but a kind of luxury that in not exclusive and elitest.
yes
bark!
wash your bowl.
Ah, thanks for an excellent response.

&gt;The thing with Tibet is that the annexation was a recent historical event.

Ok, I can see that's why people are up in arms over Tibet - because it's happened relatively recently.

Where's the line? Do we arbitrarily set it after the second World War? 1900? Earlier?
Interestingly, some of those Dalits/untouchables converted from Hinduism (the religion that shafted them) to Buddhism and use the Buddha's rejection of the Caste system as a means for social reform in India.
What the fuck can that mean? Somebody questions another round of your blathering bullshit and that's your reply, to parrot back a statement with identical meaning and pretend it means something different?

You'll stoop to any depth of evasive idiocy to pretend you have a point, won't you?
The hair to be split *would* be the referent (either Tibetan theocracy or Tibetan Buddhism) in the state of mind of the speaker for the Chinese government, but that assumes either

1. The speaker had one or the other in mind and we know which of the two he was speaking about, or

2. He was referring to both simultaneously and taking advantage of his own misuse of words.

Given China's history with Tibet, Dalai, and the intolerance of Chinese communism for Buddhism-with-theocracy, I perceive that 2\. was the intent, not 1\.

I.e., I agree with you. There's no hair to split, which is why the GP comment is idiocy.
Where the fuck did you crawl out of? 

I see that I had not yet received my daily ration of pompous and profoundly mistaken self-important idiot. Very well, even though there is no cure for stupid, I will try to use small and simple words that you might possibly understand, if you bothered to try. 

The symbol == is symmetric. If a == b, then b == a. If you had the faintest idea where the symbol == comes from and what it's for, you'd know that. 

But if you use it in English to say:

{Chinese guy} criticizes {theocracy in Tibet}.
But {theocracy in Tibet} == {Buddhism}.
So:
{Chinese guy} criticizes {Buddhism}.  

Then you're wrong. Because you're using it to mean "implies", which isn't symmetric. 

Tibetan theocracy may imply Buddhism, but Buddhism does not imply Tibetan theocracy. 

Now, is that clear to you, Einstein? 

Here's another handy tip: lurk more. Figure out what the mores of a community far before engaging in pissing contests over them.

Reddit is an intellectual community that values precision and correctness more than warm fuzzies. Calling people arrogant for insisting on accuracy and clarity is not going to go down well here. 

Or you can just get the fuck back to digg. Oh, yes, that's right, digg is a cesspool because its users couldn't figure out not to piss where they eat. Well, would *you* take in a strange dog that wasn't housebroken?
&gt;&gt;You'll stoop to any depth of evasive idiocy to pretend you have a point, won't you?

So the answer is "yes".

&gt;The symbol == is symmetric.

That would be my point.
---
Edit: Uh oh. Looks like Bullshitter McDumbfuck has unleashed the fury of his fucking little vote-manipulator scripting system. :( &lt;-- Look how fucking sad I am.

Summary:
What did I say about China?
Tibetan theocracy may imply Buddhism, but Buddhism does not imply Tibetan theocracy.
Tibet *was* a theocratic serfdom under the lamas.
Don't do what we do, do what we say?
That's all there is too it.
The Chinese don't want to give up the land to the Tibetans.
I know about all the bad in China, but I really have to say, it's not *that* bad.
But {theocracy in Tibet} == {Buddhism}.
That's good of him, but why is it his call?
I said nothing about China.
If the Dalai Lama rules Tibet, will it get any better?
He was talking about Tibetan theocratic serfdom, not Buddhism.
The good argument is "we don't want to be ruled by you".
And that's why I support Tibet's independence - because their people do - at least seem to.
&gt; That's good of him, but why is it his call?
That would be my point.
In the end, all that matters is that the people of Tibet want to be independent from China.
I think most people just like the slogan ... "Free Tibet!"
The article says nothing at all about Buddhism.
He's saying it shouldn't be his call - he will do what the people of Tibet want.
It's the Tibetans' decision, and they don't seem to have a problem with the Dalai Lama.
This is not what the Dalai Lama is asking for.
China executes a lot of people.
The Tibetans don't want them there, so they should leave.
The Dalai Lama does not want to continue the autocratic government Tibet had before China invaded.
I heard they don't really hate Buddhism.
You mean the Chinese Govt said bad things about the Dalai Lama?
It does if the people of the country support that.
So:
{Chinese guy} criticizes {Buddhism}.
"Dalai is the ruler of the theocratic serfdom system, which is the darkest slavery in human history."
The headline is sensationalist, but theocracy in Tibet == Buddhism, no?
So your saying invasions are justified?
It should say Dalai "was" the ruler, but there is no distinction between "is" and "was" in the Chinese language.
Was I calling for democracy?
No one said that Buddhism was the darkest slavery in human history.
So.. it sounds like the Chinese government views the Tibet occupation the same way the US government views the Iraq occupation.
I don't agree with the Chinese government's policy towards Tibet, but your headline is misleading.
Saying "you're just a bad person" isn't one of them.
If it's good for one, isn't it good for another?
The Pope is a good man too but you would not want to be ruled by him.
It is their decision to make; it doesn't matter whether the Chinese government claims to be doing good deeds in Tibet.
Well, I think such a thing is unnacceptable.
The Chinese government criticizing another nation for being oppressive towards its own people?
They have a unique way of doing things which i would not consider a serfdom.
This would sound better for the Chinese govt.
Tibetans want independence, not a return to theocratic rule.
Well, Buddhism ***is*** the religion of moderation.
I don't know about all of history but Tibetan buddhist feudalism was some dark-ass slavery.
You're 'surprised' I did at all????
I didn't get that reading at all.
They do things their own way and it seems to work.
I gotta say, between the Chinese government and the serfdom which dominated Tibet, I would take the Chinese government in a heartbeat.
To the present Chinese government?
They have a unique way of doing things which i would not consider a true serfdom.
If that were true, we should be invading China.
But if you use it in English to say:

{Chinese guy} criticizes {theocracy in Tibet}.
Yes, what the chinese government does is horrible.
The only stories i've ever heard about this lack of human rights and serfdom in Tibet, were from the Chinese and its supporters.
I have this crazy idea that the Tibetan people should decide what's best for them.
Don't tell reddit, people there hate religion.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.61
