Original Response:
[deleted]
[deleted]
Still say that Saxon should have stayed in office.


BTW can anyone else hear the drums?
He has a heart, and a heart of hearts. And in that heart of hearts, he knew BUsh was bad news.
He has two hearts?! I knew it!!! He's a Time Lord.
Oh Reddit how I love you!
I should have said, "The Blairs hearts sank when Bush won!"
He must also have a form of multiple personality disorder, referring to himself in the first person plural.

Edit: Gah! Cherie Blair! Yet another joke ruined by half-reading.
and then he did everything he was told, like a good little poodle
&gt;"George is actually a very funny, charming man with a quirky sense of humour," she writes.

And everyone knows the inept class clown is the ideal leader of the most powerful country on Earth.
One for each face.
One human heart, one poodle heart. He chooses which one to use based on who's president of the US.
An apostrophe on Blairs' would have done the trick.
I swear, 50% of what's wrong with modern journalism is editors and the misleading fucking headlines they put on stories.

The only reason Cherie Blair writes that they were disappointed Bush won in 2000 is to highlight how likable the Blairs would ultimately find the Bushes.  "We weren't thrilled about them at first, BUT..."

But some numbnuts editor decides the "hook" is her prefacing comment about not being pleased when Bush won, and so that trivial detail - which suggests the exact opposite of what Cherie Blair was really saying - becomes "the story," at least for the 90% of readers who will never read anything but the headline.

Which brings us to the other 50% of what's wrong with modern journalism...
[deleted]
I am still completely convinced that Bush had the CIA or NSA or *somebody* dig up some career-obliterating dirt on Blair or his son or family that he used to blackmail Blair into supporting him, particularly because he had *never* gone against public opinion, and in this case he went against 80% of the public that didn't want to be involved in Iraq.
You, sir, are insulting poodles and should apologize immediately.
Gee, and I thought this was about that blonde chick on Facts of Life...
fuck Blair, he's just trying to distance himself from Bush because he knows Bush is going to be tried for war crimes and he wants off ... sorry Blair, you going to the big house too
Either that, or born-again Christian Blair shared Bush's fantasies about being Jesus' Agent in expediting the Rapture.
...and they ended up invading other countries together. What a lovely story.
[deleted]
&gt;Which brings us to the other 50% of what's wrong with modern journalism...


Focusing on unimportant tripe that no one wants to read, so they don't?
"The reason he gets a bad press, he says, is 'because I talk Texan'.""

lol - another priceless insight into the mind of the most delusional man in the world.
I doubt it.  If nobody can (or could be) bothered to impeach Bush and Cheney when they've had plenty of chances, then I doubt anyone will bother trying them for war crimes once they've left office.
She would do well to donate any proceeds from her book to the people of England.  Words are not enough to apologize to the people who endured Tony's rule.
Why not?

It worked with the Nazis.
Blair is a Catholic.
Because the circumstances are completely different from WWII.  The Nazis were tried by foreign countries, not their own.  And, in general, the average US citizen just can't be bothered calling for action.  They're happy getting fat watching Fox News and Lost all day.  If US citizens spoke with one voice about how dissatisfied they were with the Bush Presidency then there would be no choice but to listen to them.  Sadly, most of them are happy believing what Fox and CNN tell them.
Yes, he's been a Catholic for less than a year, but he was interviewed in 1993 by *Third Way Magazine: the modern world through Christian eyes*:

&gt;"I was brought up as [a Christian], but I was not in any real sense a practising one until I went to Oxford. There was an Australian priest at the same college as me who got me interested again. In a sense, it was a rediscovery of religion as something living, that was about the world around me rather than some sort of special one-to-one relationship with a remote Being on high. Suddenly I began to see its social relevance. I began to make sense of the world". 

And from *The Independent* in 2006:

&gt; Tony Blair has proclaimed that God will judge whether he was right to send British troops to Iraq, echoing statements from his ally George Bush.
Contradicting warnings from advisers not to mix politics and religion, the Prime Minister said that his interest in politics sprang from his Christianity and its "values and philosophy" had guided him in public life.
...8 years later, once he was out of power. A little late to the party, dontcha think?

He &amp; John Edwards should get along fine, then.
Not really. Cherie is just desperately trying to sell her biography so they can pay off their multi-million pound mortgages.
"There's a saying we have in Texas....etcetc....you won't get fooled again."

He can't even do *that* right!
[deleted]
[deleted]
I wish i could up vote you more.
Yeah people! stop hating on bush just cus he's a texan-gawd, ur so racist!
Bunch of idiots on this site who do not watch Doctor who...
Bingo.
Holy shit, here comes an-

Actually, an apostrophe would be a propos here.
&gt; The reason he gets a bad press, he says, is 'because I talk Texan'."

is that what he thinks?  ...holy shit, the man is completely out of touch with reality.
Yeah, distance his own disastrous legacy from that of Bush' while he can (won't happen)

He's as much to blame for Iraq as Bush IMO

My pet theory is that his little heart fluttered at the thought that one day his name would carry the same cachet as Churchill's, ergo the go it alone(ism), righteousness and Iraq
*Someone's* never heard of an apostrophe.
Downvoted for EXACTLY this reason.  

So she was upset at first, but then because of his stellar performance record, she grew to like the texan.  (my paraphrase)

This post deserves to be buried into oblivion.
it's just hollywood-ised crappy bull
Well the US economy will collapse eventually and will be unable to afford a global military presence anymore. Western war criminals will be ripe for the picking by foreign governments.

Summary:
He has a heart, and a heart of hearts.
I should have said, "The Blairs hearts sank when Bush won!"
One human heart, one poodle heart.
"The reason he gets a bad press, he says, is 'because I talk Texan'.""
&gt; The reason he gets a bad press, he says, is 'because I talk Texan'."
I began to make sense of the world".
The Nazis were tried by foreign countries, not their own.
Which brings us to the other 50% of what's wrong with modern journalism...

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
