Original Response:
Too bad the pope really has no moral authority.
:-)


Edit: Cue the people who are going to prattle about the Church torturing hundreds of years ago. Get over it, what matters is that right now they are against torture.
Nobody expects the spanish inquisition
Don't do what I did is a frequent advice.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I believe you already said that.
We all have moral authority, pope included.
Some less than others.
Our chief weapon is surprise.
Bring out... the COMFY CHAIR!!1!
Oh SHIT I see what you did there you blamed this Pope for something that happened hundreds of years ago.

Heaven fucking forbid that a church might grow in its understanding of morality, we'd better ridicule them if *that* ever happens.
Whoo-ah (Al Pacino)
Torture = bad. 

Hiding pedophiles = Good?
Cardinal! Poke her with the soft cushions!
I used to kill people alllll the time and I don't anymore, get over it.
Raping little kids is now moral?
Reddit:  "Religion is evil.  People who believe in god are fools.  Wait, the Pope is against torture?  Hey everybody, listen to what the Pope is saying here!  It's important!"
Might want to [watch your language](http://acatholiclife.blogspot.com/2007/02/is-bad-language-sin.html) pal.
I am against torture. And I am also against eternal torture.
[deleted]
The Pope by the way is a former Nazi so you don't even have to stretch back that far.
A broken clock is still right twice a day.
Ironic since trying to read that text on that background is torture on my eyes.
He's so cute.  He thinks the church has matured in its understanding of morality.  Awww cute little guy.
What they are right now is publicly, theatrically against torture.  Just like the good old United States.
[deleted]
Who gives a shit what some old nazi paedophile says?

If there is a god, he'll stop this post from appering, as I'm bad-mouthing his alleged bitch-on-Earth.

Edit: Yeap, it posted: no god.
I'll agree if the pope isn't included.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Perhaps because the person who did so knows the consequences better than anybody.
[deleted]
NO ONE SUGGESTED RAPING KIDS WAS MORAL!!

Covering up the rape of kids even if it allows for the continued molestation of kids, clearly is, QED!
Nonsense.  Try learning from more than HBO comedy shows hosted by bitter ex-Catholics.
Cute the people who think the Pope's opinion matters!
[deleted]
That's why you make baby jesus cry!
Ha, the Church also opposed the Iraq misadventure.
He is running away from his nation's tradition.  The rules of procedure for the Inquisition REQUIRED torture.  

Were Popes and the Church actually in error or is torture NOT a matter of morals?
He was a member of the Hitler Youth. Following his fourteenth birthday in 1941, Ratzinger was enrolled in the Hitler Youth — membership being legally required after December 1939[5] (though 10-20% did disobey the rule)[6]
Just as long as the priests don't think they have oral authority.
But the prohibition against sex with little boys, on the other hand... plenty of circumstances where we can contravene that one.
Not to plagiarize Machiavelli, but there is a distinction between state and individual morality.  So, from the state level, I sincerely believe that torture must be prohibited across the board.  However, on an individual scale, assume you are the interrogator confronting a terrorist who under this fact-pattern knows of the existence of a large bomb that is going to go off in the US.  In that situation, if I was the interrogator, I would likely use torture techniques if it was deemed necessary to get the information.
Could you please remind me how many people did the church torture or kill in the Spanish Inquisition?

Also, are you sure that this torture was done by the church, and not the government?
Former Nazi? Please justify this comment or retract it.

Keep these facts in mind:
1) It was a legal requirement to be a member of the Hitler Youth.
2) He refused to attend the meetings.
3) He was raised by a man who was a bitter enemy of Nazism because it conflicted with the Catholic faith.
4) Although a member of the German army he never raised his hand in violence against a single man and deserted rather than engaging the Allies

I am not always a supporter of the Pope. However, I do find it annoying when people use untruths to defame someone's character.
Religion isn't evil in and of itself.  What is evil is when people try to force their beliefs on others.
Oh, so by law he was automatically enrolled in something not of his choice as a minor child?  Right, so you can now admit that he was not a Nazi.  Libel is fun if it's aimed at someone you dislike I guess.
Hiding pedophiles == preventing people from torturing pedophiles.
If you think that's an accurate representation of Reddit, in so much as generalizations apply to any group so large, then perhaps it is not Reddit which is broken.  Perhaps it is you.
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/5218373/

Pretty good read on it.
Socratic method -- you judge a man not just by your morals but by his as well
Yah, it only supports war when it profits from it.
Alright so you didn't bother to read the one sentence I copied in to my comment. 10-20% of people disobeyed the order to enlist, obviously he wasn't strong enough in his convictions to disobey the order. He was also trained as an anti-aircraft gunner for the German army. He spent time in a POW camp after the war for his service to the Nazi Regime. If you want to dismiss facts and be ignorant than you are free to do so, but I am not committing libel against the pope it is part of his own history.
That was a really low blow.
Yeah that joke kinda sucked.
Nonsense, the Church has a pretty solid track record of working towards peace but the Church has never been foolishly pacifist in the face of real menaces to human dignity-- consider the role the Church played in opposing communism.  There's a reason the KGB tried to assassinate the last Pope.
and I’m right off molesting choirboys now. Haven”t had one in weeks
yea if you lived to 400 years and had been a serial murder when you were twenty and not after, i would LISTEN to your opinion on murder with respect.
some animals are more 'all' than others
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeuuuuuuw
Boop-Boo (Jagger - Richards)
[deleted]
Don't be so hard on yourself.
from wiki entry:

&gt;Following his fourteenth birthday in 1941, Ratzinger was enrolled in the Hitler Youth — membership being legally required after December 1939[5] (though 10-20% did disobey the rule)[6] — but was an unenthusiastic member and refused to attend meetings.[7] His father was a bitter enemy of Nazism, believing it conflicted with the Catholic faith.[citation needed] In 1941, one of Ratzinger's cousins, a 14-year-old boy with Down syndrome, was killed by the Nazi regime in its campaign of eugenics.[8] In 1943 while still in seminary, he was drafted at age 16 into the German anti-aircraft corps. Ratzinger then trained in the German infantry, but a subsequent illness precluded him from the usual rigours of military duty. As the Allied front drew closer to his post in 1945, he deserted back to his family's home in Traunstein after his unit had ceased to exist, just as American troops established their headquarters in the Ratzinger household. As a German soldier, he was put in a POW camp but was released a few months later at the end of the War in summer 1945. He reentered the seminary, along with his brother Georg, in November of that year.
Go Po-ope.  Go Po-ope.
So if an organization that has been around for 2,000+ years collectively teaches X is wrong, and then certain people within the organization do X, does that mean that the church now teaches that X is right?
Same pope who likes to have his cock sucked off by little choir boys?
Wrong.

Atheism is not a belief - it's the absence of belief. No-one forces you not to be a dick or worship Santa or whatever fucked up crap you've been taught.
Yeah. Sure. 
If you kidnap my wife and kid, and I find you....it'll take me ten minutes with a blowtorch and a pair of pliers before I know exactly where they are. 
Torture is not bad. 
Torture for the wrong reasons is bad.
Only if it's in the name of the FSM...
Nice little proof there. Well, guess that's all settled...
Yeah, if he was supporting the use of torture, he would be relevant.
And yet he shows up to worship Bush and support the election of more torturers.
Except to the menace posed by say Hitler, Mussolini and Franco which they either ignored or embraced.  Also fighting communism for them is not a selfless act since what they really hate about communism is its atheism.  In no way do they care about freedom liberty or peace they have only proven to care about keeping people from the freedom to not be catholic.  Oh yea and if you would like more current examples look to their backing of just about all of South Americas dictators over the last 50 years.  I say just about all because when they were socialist or communist dictators the catholic church was suddenly concerned again about peoples freedoms.  In other words political left=bad, political right=good which means nothing has changed since the beginning of the church but at least they are no longer run by the Medici's.
Nice to know the pope supports obama too.
what? so atheist don't beleive in anything?

you know if you backtrack any law in phycis you'll end up with a beleif in something .. an "axiom".. i'm not comparing axioms with religon, but everyone must beleive in something.. at least you beleive in your senses that they are not deceiving you, you beleive in your brain that it's not being altered and not playing tricks with you, that you are not a skitzo or something.. etc

there is no state of "absence of belief", it doesn't exist.. therefore, your defintion is wrong.
It's comments like these that makes me wish there was a "Save Comment" button.

Well done.
nice. but irrelevent. because water boarding isnt torture.
A played out senario, that would never happen. Life isn't an episode of 24.
But no one refers to the broken clock specifically because it is currently the right time. You still look to your accurate clocks.
no, that would be the victim
Find me a pro religion article on reddit that has made the front page. Now I can point out hundreds of "pro-atheist" links that have made the front page. Thats a pretty good representation of the site as a whole considering its democratic.
Cake or death!
The church is/was fairly principled in opposing communism.  Communism in practice is the opposite of humanism, which is pretty much the philosophy of the church -- that every person is special and sacred and the work of god, blah, blah, blah.

It's the same basic principle which is behind their opposition to capitol punishment.
&gt;Oh yea and if you would like more current examples look to their backing of just about all of South Americas dictators over the last 50 years.

You're a fucking idiot.


http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,809588,00.html

edit: mind you, that article was written 51 years ago.
frog's definition wasn't wrong, it just wasn't specific.

Athiesm is derived from the Greek prefix "a" meaning "without" and "theos" meaning "God".

you can look these things up, you know.
...surprise and fear...fear and surprise.... Our two weapons are fear and surprise...and ruthless efficiency.... Our *three* weapons are fear, surprise, and ruthless efficiency...and an almost fanatical devotion to the Pope.... Our *four*...no... *Amongst* our weapons.... Amongst our weaponry...are such elements as fear, surprise....
You do realize you're commenting in the thread of a "pro-religion" article, right?
Nice red uniforms?
[deleted]
Yeah, right.

Catch a wave and you're sittin' on top of the world.
How do you know he knows; until you've tortured him into admitting he knows?

And, if he tells you;
how do you know he's not just telling you what he knows you want to hear in order to get you to stop torturing him?

Edit:[You know?]
Curiously, it also works the other way around.

Far-right people in the US: "Religion is light. Follow the words of Christ! Commies don't believe in God! Wait, the Pope is against torture? It's a trap! He's a muslim in disguise!"

_Edited to avoid generalizing about US citizens_
Are any redditors wondering where all these pro-torture, anti-Catholic commentors are coming from?

Seriously, do you have any friends who are pro-torture?  How does a story come to be dominated by them on a place like reddit, of all places?  This isn't the RNC chat board, after all.
10 - 20% disobeyed because they could get away with disobeying with the wrath of the Nazi party coming down upon them (being in a rural area, being off the radar in urban areas, etc.)and not because all of them were strong in their convictions. Did it ever occur to you that he enrolled to avoid the suffering it would cause the other members of his family if he refused.

I cannot prove this of course. However, the fact that he refused to attend the meetings supports my argument.

Also, in what way did he serve the Nazi regime?  He never engaged in combat and never intended in doing so. He deserted the army instead of engaging the allies, not out of cowardice but out of the **strength of his convictions** against violence.
Real mature response.  It is not the fact that you disagree with me, it is the fact that you are so childish and judgmental about it.  Why not offer a substantive response to my argument.
Wow, you got me.  I can't believe I didn't think about this one earlier.  Hmmm, how does the government usually find out who the bad guys are and what they are doing?  Its called intelligent gathering.  Just last month the CIA assassinated a high-level al-quada operative in pakistan.  They had precise information as to his whereabouts.  To assume that there is not a real-life scenario where the US has been given information regarding a potential attack and know who the "suspects" are, well, is misguided.  The fact is a person could be taking into custody on credible intelligence, however, that intelligence could be lacking, therefore, further interrogation is needed.
Yea.  I mean, to think that there could ever be a situation where the CIA was given information regarding a potential target but that information was lacking in complete detail.  I mean, they would never be able to lets say, know who was involved in a supposed plot and not know every other piece of information necessary to prevent it.  So, they would never be put in a situation where they were able to acquire a suspect before the execution of said event, and therefore, would never have to implement certain information gathering techniques to acquire such information.  My bad.
[deleted]
[deleted]
That is not forcing.
[deleted]
No one (except trolls) has made pro-torture comments.  You're trying to claim that anti-Catholic Redditors are pro-torture.  

Fuck you for that attempt at deception.  And fuck the Catholic religion, it's full of shit.  And fuck torture, it's evil.
Earlier today the Pope was Palpatine and now he's the savior as the anti-Bush. 

A little consistency would be nice eh?
As a religious speaker, he likely has trouble using precise language, since the entire purpose of most of what he says is to confuse and distort concepts by abusing language.
No, it proves he's irrelevant because he chooses to jump on a PR bandwagon, does it badly, and is incoherent ('cannot', etc).
No, this is more like the Marquis de Sade saying "To kill a man in a paroxysm of passion is understandable, but to have him killed by someone else after calm and serious meditation and on the pretext of duty honourably discharged is incomprehensible".

We're not claiming the pope is right.  The fact that he's so often wrong is what makes it so shocking.

Hey George, even those guys who ran the Spanish Inquisition think you're going a bit far.
Isn't that what you would have America say, could she speak? 

If/when Obama is President, isn't "Don't do what I did" better than continuing a retarded stack of damaging policies?
Almost makes me want to watch fox news to see how they spin the pope's stance on torture and his his brushoff of bush's dinner.

Almost.
No, I was implying that in order to be pro-torture, shill redditors were taking an anti-Catholic stance to counter the words of the Pope.

Being anti-Catholic is just as offensive if not moreso than antisemitism.  Fuck you right back, bigot.
&gt;Being anti-Catholic is just as offensive if not moreso than antisemitism.

No, one is a religion, the other involves race.  Your shit deceptions only work with idiots, fucker.

&gt;No, I was implying that in order to be pro-torture, shill redditors were taking an anti-Catholic stance to counter the words of the Pope.

You should learn to read.  My first reply would be a good starting point.
Does that include the torture of young boys?
This is what he claims.  Can you justify the comment with emperical evidence?  Plenty of nazi's said, "I didn't know" or "I didn't take part."
No, you are an antisemitic idiot.  Colloquial antisemitism means anti-Judaism.  Jews are not all one race, one race is not all Jews.

Your second sentence seems to have nothing to do with our discussion.
'Colloquial' isn't an excuse for misusing words.  Look up antisemitism.  It includes race; it would be purposeless if it didn't, because then you could just use Jews or Judaism.  

Done talking to you.
And which # in the definition was it?

Oh, the SUBORDINATED meaning?  Ahhh...

You have no brains, and worse manners.

Run away now, have a good cry.
What does Bush say to the Pope when they talk? The Pope is against the war in Iraq, against torture, and against the death penalty. Has to be an awkward encounter.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
The racial meaning is historically subordinated and deprecated, to the point where it is now incorrect to use the term with that meaning in mind.
[deleted]
that guy is a worthless bag of cells.

he says also that all pedophiles and homosexuals will be eliminated from being clergy... really? 

first of all, you are playing the wizard of oz. you're behind a curtain, and some people actually think there's something other than YOu behind that black sheet.

second of all, when you ban people from sexuality, you ban a natural part of existence. expect MORE pedophiles; not fewer. and as a really fucking obvious side note, what consenting adults do on their own time is none of your business, popey. homosexuals are nunya.
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/article382076.ece

"In 1937 Ratzinger’s father retired and the family moved to Traunstein, a staunchly Catholic town in Bavaria close to the Führer’s mountain retreat in Berchtesgaden. He joined the Hitler Youth aged 14, shortly after membership was made compulsory in 1941."

So he was kinda forced to be in the Hitler Youth. but even so, crashkg was not making that up.
[deleted]
&gt;but even so, crashkg was not making that up

No, he was spinning for effect, omitting important details.
[deleted]
I have a Rolex biaaatch!
He didn't say that he said "it's the absence of belief." Words are important.
Have you read these comments?
How many languages do you speak?
1) My Source: Wikipedia. Wikipedia's Source: The Third Reich in Power, Richard J Evans, 2005, pg 272

2) My Source: Wikipedia. Wikipedia's Source:The New York Times (23 April 2005). [New Pope Defied Nazis As Teen During WWII](http://bc.edu/research/cjl/meta-elements/texts/cjrelations/topics/new_pope_defied_nazis.htm). Retrieved on 2007-05-14.

This is an interesting article and is worth a read.  It is a good explanation of the way the Pope and many others had to resist the Nazis.

3) My source was Wikipedia. However, there is not citation in Wikipedia.  The above quoted cited article supports this view as does [this](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/article382076.ece) article in The Times in London.

4)This is an opinion I have formed based on articles I have read from a variety of sources.  Many articles accuse of him of being a Nazi simply for being in the Hitler Youth but I have found no articles that explore the issue in depth and still accuse the Pope of being a Nazi
and you're point is? That I'm correct. Is this an apology for accusing me of libel? Thank you for making my point.
Show me where crashkg even mentioned that. All he said was "The Pope by the way is a former Nazi" which is obviously not true, when taking all the facts into account.
Unless the comment "town in Bavaria close to the Führer’s mountain retreat" is relevant to why they moved then it is a prefect example of subtle (and sometimes not so subtle) comments in articles which detractors will seize upon to unfairly label the Pope as a Nazi.

Being a member of the Hitler Youth does not equate to being a Nazi.  Many German youth's had no choice but to join. This [article](http://bc.edu/research/cjl/meta-elements/texts/cjrelations/topics/new_pope_defied_nazis.htm) give a good insight into how life was for German Youths who did not support the Nazis. This means he was either lying or just incorrect. I will give him the benefit of the doubt and assume he was incorrect.
Well, if I'm speaking to a group of people who believe the broken clock is always right (because JESUS) and any other clock is always wrong, I might use this as an opportunity to prove that's not the case, and hopefully gain ground to convince them of other things later.
[deleted]
There's a difference between forcing beliefs, and making an aggressive argument supported with facts and reason :-&gt;
As John Paul II's right hand man, in charge of enforcing the conservative papal policy, Cardinal Ratzinger earned an unfortunate nickname from his more progressive peers: the "Panzer Cardinal".  Like the tank.  Pope Benedict XVI, now 78, had his own brush with warfare as a young boy growing up in Nazi Germany. 

    * At age, 14 membership in Germany's "Hitler Youth" became mandatory. So Joseph Ratzinger enrolled
    * He managed to get out early so he could study for the priesthood.
    * Two years later, when he was 16, Ratzinger was drafted again by the German Army.
    * Ratzinger worked as a helper in an anti-aircraft briagde.
    * In 1945, he was put through basic training and stationed near his hometown in Bavaria.
    * When Allied forces advanced, he deserted the German army — risking death by that act alone.
    * After he escaped, Ratzinger was captured by American soldiers and spent the remainder of the war in a POW camp.

So a helper in an anti-aircraft brigade doesn't engage in combat. Tell that to american and british pilots who were shot down during the war. Skipping meetings is a form of protest? C'mon The pope and Bush should be able to relate to each other on the deserting of your post front, but to say he had nothing to do with the war effort and excuse his membership in the Nazi party is ridiculous. There are many Germans who actively helped the Jewish resistance by hiding them and aiding in their escape. The catholic church during world war 2 turned over Jews to the Nazis to be used as slaves. You are just being blind to the hypocrisy of someone trying to be the moral symbol for others to look up to when he hid the fact that his priests were buggering little boys. Moving those priests to other parishes and telling them to keep quiet. He is just as much of an "apologist" for his sexually abusing priests as he was for the Nazi youth that he belonged to.
No I am reading a anti-torture article.
[deleted]
"He was raised by a bitter enemy of Nazism because it conflicted with the Catholic Faith"
Well the Catholic Church might disagree with you there. Before the war they signed an agreement with the Nazis.
Some facts from that period are not in dispute and do shed light. Pope Pius XII has long been criticized for his silence as the Nazi concentration camps did their awful work, but understanding Pius XII's relationship with the Nazis provides substantial insight into why he did not speak out. The 1933 Concordat signed by the Vatican with the Nazis ensured, if nothing else, that they would do no harm to one another. The Reich Concordat was an agreement signed between the Vatican and the National Socialist government of Germany. The person primarily responsible for the negotiation and signing of this document was the Cardinal Secretary of State, Eugenio Pacelli, the future Pope Pius XII, with the agreement of Pius XI. Why the Vatican saw fit to elevate Pacelli to Pope as Germany was massing its armies is a question that remains relevant today.
Godwin Godwin Godwin!

or in this case, God lose?
Said the pederast-in-chief.
To admit that he was in the Nazi youth is to say he was a Nazi. There are no 2 ways about it. Many people fled Germany or opposed the Nazi regime, he took part in the war as an anti-aircraft assistant whatever that means. Many Nazis whitewashed their service after the war and were able to escape their past. He is no different.
You know he's quoting a TV show, right?  It's Monty Python's Flying Circus...
A little thought and experience will show that they're one and the same.  I'm an atheist, and I loathe "militant" atheists just as much as fundamentalist Christians.  Is it so hard to just be civil and respectful and polite even with people you don't agree with?  Isn't that exactly what we atheists want from religious people?
&gt;consider the role the Church played in opposing communism

Yes, they sided with Hitler and Mussolini.  Your point?
&gt; The prohibition against torture 'cannot be contravened under any circumstances'

But for some inexplicable reason, institutionalized pedophilia can. WTF Popeman?
Interesting read.  Now reconcile his shuffling of priests who were FUCKING little boys.
Interesting read. Now reconcile his shuffling of priests who were FUCKING little boys.
I am 2000 years old.    Sure, I tortured and killed people in my youth, and when I was in my 1400s... and 1500s... and 1600s... oh, and I sided with Hitler, and more recently helped cover up the rape of young children by my employees, but I'm really a nice guy now, I promise!
&gt;Hiding child rapists == preventing justice from being served, and leading to more child rape

Fixed it for you.
See, folks? *This* is why we gotta bomb Vatican City.
The certainly is two ways about it.

&gt;to admit that he was in the **Nazi** youth is to say he was a Nazi.

Firstly, it's called the **Hitler** Youth, not the Nazi youth.

Secondly, it is disingenuous to describe him as a Nazi because he was in the Hitler Youth. This implies that he agreed with the Nazi Party's views, which he did not.  He was an unenthusiastic member of a Nazi organisation which he did not desire to be in.  There is a difference between that and being a Nazi
&gt;happened hundreds of years ago.

Why do you hate Nazis?  The Holocaust happened over six decades ago!  Today's kinder, gentler Nazi Party has grown in its understanding of morality.
If they were openly Homosexual they might not need to take advantage of little boys. The repressed sexuality is probably one reason why so many priests were caught in this scandal. Think of Ted Haggerty and Larry Craig, both vehemently anti-gay and at the same time getting buggered one in the bathroom and one paying for it and high on meth.
I also agree with their arguements against communisim my problem remains with their habit of ignoring right wing extreemist dictatorships to the point of punishing priests who dare to speak against the regimes.  I just think they should stop talking out of both sides of their mouth and either be fair or shut the fuck up.  Human rights abuses are human rights abuses.
&gt;Being anti-Catholic is just as offensive if not moreso than antisemitism

Being anti-Nazi is just as offensive if not moreso than antisemitism.  How can you hate someone for something they believe in?
1) I have said in a previous post that I don't always agree with the Pope

2) This thread is about weather or not he's a Nazi.

I happen to think that the way the church has dealt with Paedophile priests is wrong so FUCK off and pick an argument somewhere else.
Maybe they should stop defrocking priests that have the guts to stand up to extremist governments in the countries they live in.  Until then the church has no moral high ground to stand on from my and I am sure some others opinion.  They pick and choose their battles much like the US and get in bed with some very unsavory characters.  For some this is acceptable but hell I think the Dalai Lama is a freakin asshole for some of the things he backs to put it into context.
You've got serious issues if you think that was an appropriate comparison to make.
What facts are not in dispute? Cite?

&gt; The 1933 Concordat signed by the Vatican with the Nazis ensured, if nothing else, that they would do no harm to one another.

Please point me to a copy of the document. I assume you have read it since you have used it as evidence in your above comment. Please tell me which are the sections of the agreement which you find damaging to the case of the Church?

If you can't, again, please retract your original comment.
physically aggressive or pushy (as in wont fuck off) = wrong

academically aggressive as in backed up by facts and sound logic = acceptable
You sound like everyone in the Bush Administration. "We do not condone torture". All the while they were actively involved in orchestrating the waterboarding and torture of detainees. You want to argue semantics with me and say that Hitler was not a Nazi. Here's a hint Hitler Youth=Nazi Youth. Member of Hitler Youth, member of the German Army=Former Nazi.
Sure, the Nazi Party had some issues with systematic torture and murder in the past, but so has the Catholic Church.

Today's Nazi Party is kinder and gentler, and it's unfair to hate someone simply because they have joined the Nazi Party.  Similarly, it's unfair to hate someone for being a member of the Catholic Church.  So what if they are supporting an organization that, in the distant past, killed a lot of people?  Times change!
[deleted]
Have you bothered to read any of the articles which I linked to which actually discuss **logically** why he was not a Nazi. Clearly Not.

Here's a quote from [yet another article](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/20/international/worldspecial2/20jews.html?_r=1&amp;oref=slogin)
"I view him as our most serious partner in the Catholic Church, and he has been for the last 26 years," said Rabbi Israel Singer, chairman of the World Jewish Congress, which has led the fight for reparations for Holocaust survivors as well as the Jewish community's dialogue with the Vatican.

Funny how you equate me with the Bush Administration because I don't jump at the first opportunity to defame someone and actually look into the accusations against them to avoid a fool of myself. To be honest, I just don't see the similarity.
The old inquisition condemns the new inquisition.
[deleted]
PROHIBITION IS WRONG
Absence of a belief in any god. He's not talking about bananas or pudding, he's talking about atheism and it's perfectly clear in context what he's referring to.
ZOMG BURN!! 






 


*in hell*
I'm a Catholic and I **loath** militant Christians. I'm sure it's the same to you as they make me look bad. Their outspoken nature forces people to generalize their ideology and pigeon-hole without thought. I just want to live and let live.
Words are important? Bullshit. They're just..um.....gimme a sec...
First of all I am not going to retract anything. Everything I have said is supported by the facts you just want to argue semantics and make excuses for the Pope. Please point me to anything that says that the Pope did anything but go along with the Nazis. Point me to one life that he saved from the Nazis or one thing he did in protest other than not show up to meetings. Being a Slacker Nazi is still being a Nazi.
3500 cases of sexual abuse by teachers. It's interesting to compare the response and outrage-baiting to both abusers in the media.
misadventure, indeed
Hitler Youth=Nazi. I don't care about someone's opinion that is just useless garbage. If the Pope was walking around in a white sheet and hanging out with the Klan at lynchings he would be a klan member no matter how many excuses you want to make for him. What are your excuses for him hiding sexual abuse of little boys?
What of Ratzinger's role in the Vatican's much-delayed response to reports of massive sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests, a scandal that has rocked the Catholic Church in the US? In 2002, sounding almost Tom DeLayish, Ratzinger told the Catholic News Service that he thought that the pedophile priest scandal was being driven by a media set on making the Catholic Church look bad:

"I am personally convinced that the constant presence in the press of the sins of Catholic priests, especially in the United States, is a planned campaign, as the percentage of these offences among priests is not higher than in other categories, and perhaps it is even lower.

"In the United States, there is constant news on this topic, but less than 1% of priests are guilty of acts of this type. The constant presence of these news items does not correspond to the objectivity of the information nor to the statistical objectivity of the facts.

"Therefore, one comes to the conclusion that it is intentional, manipulated, that there is a desire to discredit the Church. It is a logical and well-founded conclusion."
Here's your Pope blaming it all on the media. Speaking to the US bishops at a national shrine in Washington on Wednesday evening, Pope Benedict asked: "What does it mean to speak of child protection when pornography and violence can be viewed in so many homes through media widely available today?" Ducking responsibility for his priests sexually abusing children is obviously not beyond him. Neither is ducking responsibility for his Nazi past.
"Prisoners easily can be overwhelmed by feelings of isolation, shame and rejection that threaten to shatter their hopes and aspirations for the future."

Replace "Prisoners" with "Children who are molested by Catholic Clergy".

But the Pope can buy off his victims and have them sign non-disclosure agreements and then the problem goes away?

I long ago stopped thinking this mortal man (and those that came before him) gives a damn about much, whether it's children or prisoners.
Right, because every german kid is guilty of being a Nazi.  Look up what the man did before you shoot your mouth off.

Look, I don't like Catholics to the extent that they believe some things  about the universe which are just wrong, but at least I am not an uninformed douchebag.
No?

Bring the comfy chair!
How convenient that folks like Scalia can say 

"it would be absurd to say you couldn't, I don't know, stick something under the fingernail, smack him in the face. It would be absurd to say you couldn't do that" 

and claim that is not torture. [Verbatim from the 2-12-2008 interview with the BBC]
&gt;Liberal policies that allow homosexual priests to abuse post-pubescent boys, or strict traditional (read conservative) policies that forbade it?

Yeah, that's the choice they have to make.

Who is rating this fuckwit up?
Too bad for you God isn't. 

Mwahahahaha!
Looks like you just proved his point.
Way to play extremes jackass. Ever heard forgive and forget?
Has the Catholic Church ever condemned the Inquisition?
How could it? It was done with the blessing of the Popes. The INFALLIBLE Popes. Wouldn't condemning it, or modifying its proclaimed morality cast doubt on Papal Infallibility?
And, has the Church given up on its dogma of eternal torture in Hell for people like me?
I bet millions of catholics go against God's word xD
As an outsider why do you care if the Church is consistent?  Its an improvement over the old Church, isn't it?  Why shouldn't we laud it.

As for infallibility, the popes are not always infallible, and in fact can only ever be with respect to issues of faith and morality and only if they assert their infallibility on that subject.  Popes *rarely* assert infallibility.  The Church is perfectly capable of admitting mistakes.

I don't understand where people like you are coming from.  I'm an atheist, but I actually respect the Church *more* for its stance that I am going to hell because its *honest* and *consistent*.  As an atheist I cannot make it into heaven according to what they believe the rules are.  I'd rather have honest churches pursuing what they believe is right and wrong than mealy mouthed, meaningless churches blowing in the winds of popular notions of morality.

That's just me, though.
I forgive Nazis and Catholics, but I can never forget what their beliefs led to.  Fair?
Good luck with that!
[deleted]
How could they be known as heterosexuals? They should have been known as non-sexuals. Ted Haggerty and Larry Craig were both known as heterosexuals as well. My question is what would inspire someone to get into a career where they were never allowed to have sex? My theory would be someone who really wants to repress their sexuality because they think it is immoral thus the preponderance of homosexual priests.
teacher's don't vow to their boss to not rape children.  and it wasn't outrage-baiting; it was more like pointing out a fact.
I agree.
http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3494196/Dave_Hunt_-_A_Woman_Rides_The_Beast_(NTSC-VCD)
Pretty sure it's kind of a given.
I consider brainwashing people, making them live in mortal terror of 'hell', and raping children to be torture.  

Maybe I just have higher standards than the Catholics?
Hang on, are you saying priests raping children isn't torture?
Damn...I must have been wrong about Obama.  Is it too late to switch to another candidate?
[deleted]
...and if he could save thousands of innocent lives by forcing somebody to talk.......?
Speaking as a former member of the church (not the Catholic one, but the Christian one in general), I've never understood this sort of criticism, neither while on the side of the fence I'm on now nor while I was on the other side of the fence.

Churches are made up of human beings.  Do you expect perfection from human beings?  I don't, because it's not human nature.  I don't even expect perfection from people who quite sincerely believe in a really lofty ideal.  Particularly when that lofty ideal is tied to scriptures that say things like "for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God" and "there is none that is righteous; no, not one".

So yes, their dogma says that morality should not be relative.  That same dogma also says every single person, and by extension every single organizational group, ever, of any type, in the history of the world, will screw up, and probably quite regularly.

So, no, it's not odd at all.  It's perfectly consistent with the dogma.  That does *not* make it a good thing, obviously, but that's a different question.
oh well, before he got to be Pope Benedikt, he used to be Joseph Kardinal Ratzinger, head of the "Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith" which only the Pope before him changed the name to...

from "the Holy Office of the Inquisition".
I agree 100% with the basic idea here.  I just want to point out that it might be more that the *application* of morality has improved more than the *understanding* of it.  Maybe I'm out of touch with the thinking a few hundred years ago, but I generally believe that everybody (not just the church, but everybody) always knew that torture and killing was wrong.  It's just that they let other things override that basic knowledge.
What about atheists who are aggressive as in liking to mock Christians for their (supposed) mental inferiority?  These people actually exist, and they make the rest of us atheists look bad.
In fairness, this is exactly the type of thing about which the church usually *is* right.  Their point of view is that there is a Maker who one day we will all have to answer to about our treatment of the other creatures He has made.  They have some fairly well-developed ideas, therefore, on how you should treat others.  They take the turn-the-other-cheek thing pretty seriously.

For what it's worth, another consequence of their belief in God is that they believe what happens here on Earth isn't really that important, or at least it's not that important who lives and who dies, because death is not the end.  So if extremist Muslim terrorists kill a lot of people but the victims behave in a way that glorifies God during the process, those victims are gaining major spiritual brownie points by turning the other cheek, so they actually may achieve a net gain.  Therefore the right-wing philosophy of "torture the terrorists to get information and save American lives" is a moot point.  Saving American lives is not the point; saving American souls is, and that can happen irrespective of whether lives are lost.
No, it doesn't mean that.  It means that the organization taught that X was wrong, and some members of the organization screwed up, big time.

For what it's worth, if you want, go ahead and be one of those people who equates the Catholic Church's 400 years ago with the with the modern Catholic Church.  You'll be glad to know that you're in good company, because that exact thinking is very popular among extremely conservative fundamentalist Christians.  In fact, one of the distinguishing marks of a wacko fundamentalist Christian is believing the Catholic Church is evil, that the Pope is the Antichrist, and so on.
The US isn't publicly, theatrically against torture.  Just last week it came out that Bush pretty much knew the torture was going on, and he approved it.
What about finite state machines?
Remember, the Catholic Church also supports the idea of evolution.  If you're going to oppose everything the Catholic Church supports, you're going to have to become a seven-day creationist.
Seriously, yes, I do know someone who is pro-torture.  This particular person believe that, basically, terrorists are bad people (I agree with this!), and that therefore it's OK to do to them whatever it takes to get information to protect people (I don't agree with this part!).

For what it's worth, this same person also thinks that if you have the money and you fail to buy health insurance, they should not treat you and should just let you die.  (But the same person also opposes the death penalty.)

I am not really trying to draw any conclusions here.  I'm just answering your question about whether I know anyone who is pro-torture.
I think most priests (and nuns) are willing to give up their sexuality because they think it's a worthwhile trade.  That is, it's more about self-denial (which is sort of a form of a self-discipline) than it is about any issues related to sexual preferences.  If you don't believe me, look up "self flagellation".  It's almost a form of Gnosticism:  the idea is that spiritual reality is good, but the physical is bad.

By the way, where do you get the idea of there being a "preponderance of homosexual priests"?  I'm sure there *are* some homosexual priests, but I'm skeptical that most, or even many, priests are homosexuals.
Church is completely unnecessary for a child's development, so putting them at the mercy of priests is a pointless risk, while putting them at the mercy of teachers is a worthwhile risk.

And who covers up sexual abuse by teachers?
[deleted]
I actually modded that up, even though I hate the idea, because yeah, if it really is the case that there is a genuine choice between a *known* bad guy suffering torture vs. innocent people meeting a horrible fate, then yeah, I guess the bad guy brought the torture on himself, having forced you into a terrible choice.

I should note that I don't think that torture scenario necessarily compares to the political torture, because there may be less direct evidence that the bad guys are actually bad.  Plus Abu Ghraib shows that people representing the US have clearly gone beyond the sort of torture that might be ethically necessary; they've, instead, ventured into the territory of sadism, which is truly sad.
Well, you had the chance to avoid making a fool of yourself by letting that guy keep his stupid comment to himself, but you blew it just now.
You gonna vote for the Nazi party in the next election?
I was joking there mate.  ^_^

Since when does the Catholic church support evolution?  Hell, since when have they ever supported anything scientific or medical?
Up-arrowed for righteous username.
[deleted]
You can rape children in their name!
The problem with common sense morality is that there often isn't a strong foundation for things which people find wrong. What religion does to try to strengthen the argument is to invoke God as the basis for all morality.

The problem comes from both of these systems being "weak" (by that I mean difficult to argue solely based in logical terms; "because I/God says so" doesn't foster any arguments). What then results is a morality where the lines between what is common sense and what is God's law gets blurred out.

What we get is individuals with common sense morality on both sides of an argument. This is pretty much contrary to what common sense is supposed to mean, i.e. something that everyone can agree upon (whether or not it is morally right). So this sure as fuck doesn't help anybody decide what is right or wrong. Instead it just forces people to muddle their way through like blind men/women.

In the mean time, we have to deal with their moral outrage over things like rock and roll, curse words, nudity, simulated violence, rap music, video games and on and on. God knows how long it will be until they are cool with the whole homo sex thing.

In the end I would simply say that while the application, as you put it, may have changed, in the end that isn't relevant. Without any understanding of morality our society will continue to be a huge clusterfuck.
Why should we trust the words of some freak in a robe who claims to be the closest thing to God??
[deleted]
No. He talks anti-war, anti-torture, anti-death penalty then supports Bush. The TALK means NOTHING.
I am actually operating on the presumption of innocence until proven guilty (I don't know about you but personally I feel everyone has this right) so the burden of proof is yours not mine.

... and I'm perfectly entitled to argue the semantics when the difference is whether or not he supported a regime which was responsible for horrible atrocities.

and why exactly do you just keep using the phrase **argue semantics** instead of pointing me to any of your *so called* evidence.  I'll presume it's non existent unless you can point it out.
I am actually operating on the presumption of innocence until proven guilty (I don't know about you but personally I feel everyone has this right) so the burden of proof is yours not mine.

... and I'm perfectly entitled to argue the semantics when the difference is whether or not he supported a regime which was responsible for horrible atrocities.

and why exactly do you just keep using the phrase **argue semantics** instead of pointing me to any of your *so called* evidence.  I'll presume it's non existent unless you can point it out.
&gt;What does it mean to speak of child protection when pornography and violence can be viewed in so many homes through media widely available today?"

Let's analyse this because your interpretation is wrong.

Fistly, he's mentions **media** not **the media**. What's the difference? In this context, media means devices used for communication like computers, television, magazines. It's got nothing whatsoever to do with journalists and reporters.

Secondly, he's blaming the ease with which children can access images of violence and pornography for the negative impact that that they have.

Nowhere in that statement does he diminish the responsibility of the church for any wrongdoings it has committed.

As for your last sentence. You've yet to prove he had a Nazi past whereas I have provided plenty of evidence showing the opposite is true.
If you can't find any of your own evidence here's another tactic you can try. Attack the validity of some of my evidence. Doing neither of the above isn't helping your case I'm afraid.
Here's a quick analysis of you above quote from the pope for you

&gt; "I am personally convinced that the constant presence in the press of the sins of Catholic priests, especially in the United States, is a planned campaign, as the percentage of these offences among priests is not higher than in other categories, and perhaps it is even lower.

Given the fact that the percentage of priests that abuse is no higher than other professions, it receives a disproportionate amount of media attention and he believes that this is because people in positions of influence are publishing these stories because of their sensationalist value.  This is a valid argument. How else can the disproportionate coverage it gets be explained?

&gt;"In the United States, there is constant news on this topic, but less than 1% of priests are guilty of acts of this type. The constant presence of these news items does not correspond to the objectivity of the information nor to the statistical objectivity of the facts.

He is again saying that the issue is blow out of proportion relative to other professions and stories are being published purely to victimise the church.  He is **not** using this fact to diminish the responsibility of church for it's actions, he is angry that the church is being focused on instead of society as whole where the problem of child abuse exists in equal (if not bigger) ammounts.

&gt;"Therefore, one comes to the conclusion that it is intentional, manipulated, that there is a desire to discredit the Church. It is a logical and well-founded conclusion."

This comment doesn't need to be explained. It's a logical conclusion to a valid argument.

For the record: I think the way the church and the current Pope handled the Child Abuse Scandals was wrong but that doesn't change the fact that what you quoted is a valid argument.
You could, in theory, get the permalink and post it on reddit.com, then save it ^^
oh noes!!!
It's still wrong, and if I were one of the thousands I could forgive him for not doing it.

Morality is not arithmetics.
Ad Hominem?

You're supposed to agree with him that torture is bad because of your own reasons (or disagree). Nobody's asking you to trust him on this.

This is important, however, because there are other people, lots of them, who _do_ look to this guy for guidance. So if he takes a stance that you agree with (and I hope you do, in this case), it's a good thing :)
That's not the interesting question.

The interesting question is "What degree of 'known' is enough?"
Actually i believe that since the Pope gets no salary, he's not a professional.
[deleted]
""Pope Benedict XVI chided Americans for a moral breakdown he said had fueled the church's child sex abuse scandal, ahead of an open-air mass before tens of thousands here Thursday.""

And so the pope blames AMERICAN society.  As if no other country has priests fucking their young boys.  As if the church didn't hush and hide it.  As if the church actually did something about it directly, such as condemn and excommunicate those priests.
The Catholic Church has molested more children than any nation, any people, any religion in the history of the world.

It's sheer tragedy that we haven't banned these radicals by now.

I was homeless 3 years ago... and I was seeking God's help. I ventured to St. Ann's cathedral in Arvada, Co... I loved the singing. I escaped scrutiny for a couple weeks, and the singing was exhilarating. 

But, eventually I was discovered and forced off the property. I was just sitting on the back steps - out of the way, I never spoke to anyone. I didn't bother anyone.

I tried to enter the church one day and was asked, "How much can you donate?"

I replied, "Nothing."

I was then ousted... 

It's fucking people who wish to portray America as good, but who are actually evil, that created this situation. The Church goers have no clue what's happening around them, and they don't wish to know. They don't wish to help. They don't wish to be bothered.

America is evil. Period - and no amount of screening can change this fact. YOU, in fact, are evil. You voted for Bush, you donated money to the Catholic Church, who in turn used this money to spread evil.

If you voted for nobody in the last 6 elections, if you gave no money to any church, if you didn't pay taxes in the past 10 years, then I retract my finger pointing - you are not evil. You, however, represent about 10% of the nation... America is evil, and no-one can argue.
&gt;Just last week it came out that Bush pretty much knew the torture was going on, and he approved it.

If it has to "come out", then it doesn't mean the administration, which represents the United States, is publicly for torture.  

It means they're for torture, but paint pretty public pictures that claim otherwise.
But the problem is that this is the kind of guy who will condemn child molestation, even though he's clearly engaged in it.
I assume [this](http://www.france24.com/en/20080417-pope-blames-church-sex-scandal-breakdown-society-1) is the article that you are quoting from? If not please direct me to the source of your quote.

I'll start by pointing out that this is the opinion of the author.  I've read the article and have seen the quotes that this opinion is based on.

&gt;he urged efforts "to address the sin of abuse within the wider context of sexual mores" as well as a reassessment of "the values underpinning society."

he made no effort to single out American society as any worse than other society.  He is merely aware of the fact that he is speaking to an American audience.  Also no where does he say that this breakdown in moral values is the cause of the problem.  He is pointing  out that it is a contributing factor to sexual abuse across all of society.  He does not say (or even imply) that it in any way diminishes the responsibility on either people or organisations responsible for the abuse. 

&gt;"What does it mean to speak of child protection when pornography and violence can be viewed in so many homes through media widely available today?"

Here he is saying that easy access to violent imagery and pornography are affecting the well being of children.  He is not saying they are responsible for sexual abuse. He is giving examples of where he feel the moral values in our society have been eroded and is saying that morality as a whole must be restored if abuses like this are to be avoided in the future.  Again, there is no effort to shield the Church or priests  from responsibility for abuses they have carried out.

&gt;"Children deserve to grow up with a healthy understanding of sexuality and its proper place in human relationships. They should be spared the degrading manifestations and the crude manipulation of sexuality so prevalent today."

The first sentence is talking about homosexuality and the second pornography.

I don't agree with the churches views on homosexuality but I can see that this statement is not an attempt to escape responsibility for past sexual abuse.

So, to say the Pope blames American society is not true.  He is saying that ultimate responsibility rests with those who committed the abuse and also that the breakdown of morals in society is a contributing factor.
He won't come out and crush the problem, bottom line.  He continues to duck, dodge, dive, dip, and dodge the core issue; which is that the church has not come down on the child fuckers in a legitimate way.

I question you and your defense of a church that continues to shield it's own interests over those of young boys fucked by priests behind the altar.
--"It calls for a determined, collective response," he said, but did not outline any firm action that the Vatican intended to take to purge the church of pedophile priests.--


That sounds an aweful lot like a wealthy politician who "understands" the working man.  He is guarding child molestors, period.  The church has to be held to a higher standard than general society because of the position of piety and trust.  If we're to commonalize the church's activity with that of general society, then the church should police itself and turn the child fuckers over to police as vigorously as the laypeople.  Include in it a full accounting of how the church covered and shuffled to protect itself.

THEN the pope might have a leg to stand on. Until then, he can fuck the hell off.
I didn't once defend the church with regard to sexual abuse in my above comment(or in any comment for that matter).  I pointed out the fact that you said he blames American society and tries to dodge responsibility for the churches sins which he does not.

Personally I think that all Priests who are found guilty of sexual abuse should be defrocked there and then. I also think that the way the church has handled the issue is morally wrong.

So, don't accuse me of doing something I'm not.
&gt;He is guarding child molestors, period. The church has to be held to a higher standard than general society because of the position of piety and trust. If we're to commonalize the church's activity with that of general society, then the church should police itself and turn the child fuckers over to police as vigorously as the laypeople. Include in it a full accounting of how the church covered and shuffled to protect itself.

I agree.  I think there should be a formal inquiry headed by a suitable neutral organisation and anyone (priest, bishops or the Pope) should be held responsible for committing abuse, covering up or dealing with it in a stupid way.

I don't agree with your original comment. That's all I've being saying all along. So pleas stop attacking my non-existent defence of the church.
Don't give anyone any ideas...
Yes, indeed the **pope** fucks little kids.

This makes perfect sense.

Thanks for your rational and sane input to this discussion.
Would it really surpise you?
Yes. Yes it really would.
You're obviously not seasoned enough.
The Catholic Church *has* condemned the physical violence and violence to conscience done by the Church in the Inquisition. See [Zenit Article](http://www.zenit.org/article-10451?l=english).

By the way, the Catholic doctrine of Papal Infallibility does not mean that the Church or a Pope can never be wrong; it only applies to specific situations. There seems to be a good [Wikipedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Papal_infallibility) on the subject, and more detail is available at [Catholic Answers](http://www.catholic.com/library/Papal_Infallibility.asp) and [New Advent](http://www.newadvent.org/cathen/07790a.htm).
A nice thing about the Catholic Church is that there is a wealth of official material available on the Internet. There is no need to remain ignorant about what the Church teaches.
[ZENIT - Magisterium on Creation and Evolution](http://www.zenit.org/article-14827?l=english)

Quote from Pope Benedict XVI:
&gt;Currently, I see in Germany, but also in the United States, a somewhat fierce debate raging between so-called “creationism” and evolutionism, presented as though they were mutually exclusive alternatives: those who believe in the Creator would not be able to conceive of evolution, and those who instead support evolution would have to exclude God. This antithesis is absurd because, on the one hand, there are so many scientific proofs in favour of evolution which appears to be a reality we can see and which enriches our knowledge of life and being as such. But on the other, the doctrine of evolution does not answer every query, especially the great philosophical question: where does everything come from? And how did everything start which ultimately led to man?

[Scientific Insights into the Evolution of the Universe and of Life](http://www.vatican.va/roman_curia/pontifical_academies/acdscien/2008/BOOKLET_10.pdf)
It was up until about 2002

Summary:
Human rights abuses are human rights abuses.
Jews are not all one race, one race is not all Jews.
He is not saying they are responsible for sexual abuse.
I don't understand where people like you are coming from.
He was a member of the Hitler Youth.
I also think that the way the church has handled the issue is morally wrong.
What does Bush say to the Pope when they talk?
^_^

Since when does the Catholic church support evolution?
He thinks the church has matured in its understanding of morality.
And fuck torture, it's evil.
you can look these things up, you know.
Right, so you can now admit that he was not a Nazi.
Torture for the wrong reasons is bad.
Get over it, what matters is that right now they are against torture.
And I am also against eternal torture.
YOU, in fact, are evil.
Wait, the Pope is against torture?
I don't agree with your original comment.
You want to argue semantics with me and say that Hitler was not a Nazi.
I don't, because it's not human nature.
I'm sure it's the same to you as they make me look bad.
Isn't that what you would have America say, could she speak?
Looks like you just proved his point.
Hang on, are you saying priests raping children isn't torture?
Everything I have said is supported by the facts you just want to argue semantics and make excuses for the Pope.
I'm sure there *are* some homosexual priests, but I'm skeptical that most, or even many, priests are homosexuals.
I pointed out the fact that you said he blames American society and tries to dodge responsibility for the churches sins which he does not.
People who believe in god are fools.
Also, are you sure that this torture was done by the church, and not the government?
I just want to live and let live.
Yeah, if he was supporting the use of torture, he would be relevant.
And so the pope blames AMERICAN society.
There is a difference between that and being a Nazi.
I assume you have read it since you have used it as evidence in your above comment.
Nice to know the pope supports obama too.
I'll agree if the pope isn't included.
No, it doesn't mean that.
So, to say the Pope blames American society is not true.
Cute the people who think the Pope's opinion matters!
He didn't say that he said "it's the absence of belief."
No I am reading a anti-torture article.
Personally I think that all Priests who are found guilty of sexual abuse should be defrocked there and then.
And, has the Church given up on its dogma of eternal torture in Hell for people like me?
The Catholic Church has molested more children than any nation, any people, any religion in the history of the world.
What is evil is when people try to force their beliefs on others.
So, don't accuse me of doing something I'm not.
Plenty of nazi's said, "I didn't know" or "I didn't take part."
Being a member of the Hitler Youth does not equate to being a Nazi.
Its an improvement over the old Church, isn't it?
Raping little kids is now moral?
So if he takes a stance that you agree with (and I hope you do, in this case), it's a good thing :)
Seriously, yes, I do know someone who is pro-torture.
What are your excuses for him hiding sexual abuse of little boys?
Churches are made up of human beings.
This particular person believe that, basically, terrorists are bad people (I agree with this!
It would be absurd to say you couldn't do that" 

and claim that is not torture.
Religion isn't evil in and of itself.
This implies that he agreed with the Nazi Party's views, which he did not.
Also, in what way did he serve the Nazi regime?
Has the Catholic Church ever condemned the Inquisition?
He is just as much of an "apologist" for his sexually abusing priests as he was for the Nazi youth that he belonged to.
Right, because every german kid is guilty of being a Nazi.
Here's your Pope blaming it all on the media.
I believe you already said that.
Too bad the pope really has no moral authority.
It is a good explanation of the way the Pope and many others had to resist the Nazis.
The Pope by the way is a former Nazi so you don't even have to stretch back that far.
Remember, the Catholic Church also supports the idea of evolution.
The fact that he's so often wrong is what makes it so shocking.
The Pope is against the war in Iraq, against torture, and against the death penalty.
Oh SHIT I see what you did there you blamed this Pope for something that happened hundreds of years ago.
Why do you hate Nazis?
I just want to point out that it might be more that the *application* of morality has improved more than the *understanding* of it.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.79
