Original Response:
This is already available:
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=3335354490744010763
[deleted]
[deleted]
Dateline 30.09.06

Interestingly it didn't raise that much of a stink, did it?
I believe this was also mentioned in [Deliver us from Evil](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0814075/), one of the best documentaries I have ever seen.
I'm not from america  and I can see every eposide :P
I'm not from america  and I can see every eposide :P
this has been up on reddit a few times now.
Do you mean the dead one or the current one?

The new one hasn't been around that long as pope has he?
from the comments
"Makes you wonder why this pope would want to inflame Muslims with his anti-Muhammed (peace be upon him) 'quotes' and then this. When you don't act righteously, then what is it that you are doing? "By the fruits ye shall judge them.." Jesus/Isa (peace be upon him) was so right."
Wait...what?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Well it's in the job description...
So a physician, a lawyer, and a Catholic priest visit an orphanage when a fire breaks out. "We must save the kids," says the doctor. "No, screw the kids," says the lawyer. "But do we have time for that?" says the priest.
From working in the legal field and being involved in local pedophile priest cases for sometime now, I can honestly say from, firsthand knowledge, the Catholic Church harbors pedophiles, funds their personal lives,  gives priests easy access to children, and protects their activities rather than severing their church ties.  

I really can't say more than that, but let's just say the stories are true and way more horrifying than you would want to become privy to.
It covers his activities while he was a Cardinal. However, I'm sure Pope John Paul II knew at least generally what was happening, which disappoints me since even though I'm not religious I had a great respect for that man and his willingness to reach out to other religions and cultures.
A priest, a pedophile, and a rapist walks into a bar. . . and that was just the first guy.
&gt; I really can't say more than that

That's lucky, because if you had to provide evidence then some people might be able to contradict you. Since you can't give us any evidence, there's not really much we can do except believe you. And I know how much everyone on reddit wants this to be true.
I'm not entirely sure of that; I have no idea whether anyone told him while it was happening (ie over the last twenty years or more), but by the time it hit the media he was getting senile.
Do you think it could have escalated all the way up to the point of Cardinal Ratzinger actively managing it, without the Pope at least knowing of it? Granted, I know nothing about JP2, but I like to think that he would have put his foot down in such a situation.
It's not about luck, it's about impartiality, respect, and people's privacy.  Right now the settlements are, and have been for sometime, in negotiation.  At this time, to provide names or sources would be demeaning and unjust to those who have been subjected to various actions and the damages they're seeking. Therefore, all information has to be held confidential for religious, personal, ethical, and media purposes.  Maybe that would change if these cases had some closure,  but that hasn't happened yet.

I am privy to stories that have been held private by individuals since they were children.  Fortunately and unfortunately, I can't provide evidence for their stories or iterate them here. Nor can I provide information pertaining to priests specifically.  The priests have admitted and corroborated things I wish weren't true, and I don't expect reddit or anybody else to accept that as fact, especially because I say so.  I'm just putting in my ten cents.
I believe his hands were tied and there is evidence that JP2 was poisoned to get him out of the way sooner. I doubt he was allowed to say or do anything without others approval. One can tell alot of both JP2 and Rat by looking at their faces.
[deleted]
And of course you'd be willing to give up your career and savings in order to provide a bit of gossip for Reddit?

You don't have to believe this poster, but you should be able to appreciate that if his/her story's true, (s)he's got a very good reason for not going public.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Whats the difference between a Catholic priest and acne?
&gt;Acne waits until the kid is 13 to come all over his face
Has anyone else heard about Catholic Seminaries being one of the best known areas for gay culture and coming out? (Note: not saying gay=molesting, just that the whole no gay priests thing is pretty silly.)

I always thought that made sense. While young teenage guys start chasing girls, maybe a son from a very religious family realizes he isnt interested in that. Maybe he even starts feeling urges that he knows are really evil. So what then? Become dedicated to your religion as both a way to find an identity away from a typical teenage boy, and as a way to silence your evil thoughts. Boom, now you're an in the closet gay teen choosing a life of no sexuality, until of course you meet of school with other people like you, and things happen....

I saw it kind of like a volontary version of the gay camps where they 'turn' a kid straight. Of course, maybe as a UU I can see any young boy saying "wow, I want to be celibate all my life for God!" without another reason.
Up voted, but has been on front page before.
There are many things about that hypocrite that I don't like.
I still don't think it's right to nuke the Vatican and take their oil.
[deleted]
Who do you think gets all the video.
That Pope dude's face gives me the creeps every time I look at it.
[deleted]
He looks like the Satan himself, doesn't he?  I think if there was some look to signify "opposite of spiritual" that would be it.  The face disfigured by closed-mindedness.  I see the same thing when I look at politicians faces.  They seem to be almost universally disfigured to me.

You can tell right away there is not an ounce of kindness or compassion there.
[deleted]
The church also shelters the pedophiles in the Vatican City, where it is harder to prosecute them.
It never ceases to amaze me how few people are aware of this.  Ratzinger was Pope John Paul the 2nd's right hand man for years before he died.  He oversaw much of the corruption cover-up which resulting in the huge banking collapses of the late 1970's and gave safe haven to Bishop Paul Marcinkus, implicitly linked to the murder of Pope John Paul the first.

The Vatican is the world's oldest and richest intelligence agency and it is run by pedophile sympathisers and gangsters.
Indeed. He did get very, very old as pope. They should let you retire rather than wither so badly and let the world watch.
Perhaps. We shall never know. I do not know the character of Ratzinger well but for a man who was in the hitler youth he seems to have a lot of trouble seeing and stopping evil on his watch.

Summary:
this has been up on reddit a few times now.
And I know how much everyone on reddit wants this to be true.
I'm not from america  and I can see every eposide :P.
That Pope dude's face gives me the creeps every time I look at it.
There are many things about that hypocrite that I don't like.
I see the same thing when I look at politicians faces.
He did get very, very old as pope.
I think if there was some look to signify "opposite of spiritual" that would be it.
I believe his hands were tied and there is evidence that JP2 was poisoned to get him out of the way sooner.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
