Original Response:
[deleted]
Yeh, that's it. Keep telling the lies. How many months before it's the longest lived speculative bubble anyway?

It's starting to wear thin.
I'm pretty sure the price of oil is the result of speculation.  Look how far it's gone up and how quickly.  That doesn't look like the result of consumptive demand but rather a system that finances speculation and destruction while the creator starves.
In other news, perhaps bears shit in woods.
63% is 96% speculation. But that's just a 50 - 50 guess.
hell of an article
[deleted]
If you feel the price of oil is the result of speculation, why aren't you short oil? You could make a ton of money!
When the housing bubble broke oil prices started going up again.  Figure out what people will invest in when the oil bubble breaks and you could make some money.
How come the rate of oil production has been flat for the last 5 years while demand has increased?
exactly.
[deleted]
Speculation: 60% of today's oil price is pure speculation.
It's all about dwindling supplies, and it's a sad fact that a lot of people still refuse to accept it.
Finally an article with some sense makes it to the front page.  

This does worry me a bit that these major investment firms who are so into this speculation will see nasty fallout from the eventual oil bubble crash.  We might see Goldman Sachs at $2 a share.
If we are on here on Reddit it means we are not on our yacht in the Bay, sipping a cool beverage with a sexy babe nestled under each arm.

Which means we got no free cash for speculation .
This may not be a bubble at all. An increase in value *should exist* when a good's value is expected to rise faster than the market rate of return -- in this case, because oil is becoming scarcer or its demand is increasing at a rate that outpaces the market. Let's say oil grows in pre-speculation value by 14% annually but the market has an 8% rate of return. How do investors react if oil increases in value by 14% a year in this situation? Well, you'd be an idiot not to buy it!

I believe, in this example, the oil will be purchased until .14/.08 = 1.75 times the value to consumers. This multiplication of price by 1.75, or this "75% bubble", is an adjustment for the future value of the 14% returns from the oil over the 8% returns on the market. This is the point where, simply, oil is now an 8% return on investment.

This is not the same as an actual financial bubble, which is a result of people dogpiling an investment to an extent that does not reflect its value hoping to be the last to get out, very much like a pyramid scheme.
Speculation is rational behavior under the right circumstances. If oil's pre-speculation cost is increasing by 13% every year, and the market rate of return is 8%, then investors will invest until .13/.08 = 1.62 times oil's cost to consumers without any speculation, which is where oil should yield an 8% return. This is an adjustment for future value and is not a bubble.

Just stop and think about it. If an investment rapidly outgrows others, you will buy it. Until it reaches a certain price. What is that price? This part is not a bubble. The bubble occurs when people buy simply because they expect other people to buy.
Yeah, but if the increase of the price of oil is due to speculation, where's the excess inventories?

While the speculation story is a compelling narrative, I'm afraid the boring explanation of Skyrocketing Global Demand is a bit closer to reality.
| As much as 60% of today’s crude oil price is pure speculation driven by large trader banks and hedge funds. It has nothing to do with the convenient myths of Peak Oil. 

Hilarious.  What do you think is driving the speculation?
hah exactly. That 60% figure is coming straight from the price appreciation since the new means of trading.
[deleted]
I've heard others say that oil's real worth these days should be around $100 a barrel.

Then there are the prophets who tell us it will go up to $200, while others state it could drop to $40.

The reality is that no one really knows what the price will be come say...September.
"It has nothing to do with the convenient myths of Peak Oil."

Not quite.  The oil bubble is in fact being fueled by speculation. However, the biggest reason for the rise of oil prices in America has to do with the devaluation of the dollar.  Oil's rise against the Euro has been accurate and a reflection of supply and demand.

Further, the price of oil was artificially held down for years in America because of successful monetary policies designed to do just that.
But the good news is - if the market has become a casino, a speculator's dream - then prices are due for a sharp decline. And if it's the bubble some think it is, this decline will prove fair warning to likeminded individuals in the future.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah.  The problem however, is that it takes more gas to drill and maintain the pumps than you get out.  There are also the oil sands and shale oil, but once again the ration results in a net loss due to refining techniques that will most likely not be improved.  Sometimes you just can't efficiently pull oil out of shit.  So the number of fields has gone up, but the number of fields we can access or are currently exploiting has dropped dramatically.
Why isn't speculation banned, again?
Look at all of you trying to spit out the be all and end all of oil theories.  Almost reminds me of all the isms that are really responsible.
[deleted]
The IMF estimates that $25 of appreciation in oil since this bull market started is due to dollar devaluation. That's significant, but it is not "the biggest reason."
Damn right -- if you're so confident, you should be selling oil short. Mind you, doing this in the past would have resulted in you bleeding money -- and those of you who think this "bubble" is necessarily foolishness *because* it's a "bubble" need to learn more about economics. Basing risky investments on a misunderstanding of economics is *bad*, mmkay?

As for who is betting on oil... I continue to bet that its price will increase, and I have made a lot of money on oil so far. I frankly think this is a better bet. The time to get out of oil may come, but not until farmers stop insisting on producing ethanol from corn, IMHO. ;)

By the way, speculating that oil prices will go up is inherently more risk averse. If oil prices go down, you lose money but the whole economy becomes stronger proportionally, which helps counteract your losses; if oil prices go up, you make money as things get worse and goods become more expensive.
How can there be more oil available than ever before? The supply is finite, and we used a bunch since then......
That question is tantamount to "Why do we have a free market, again?" By definition, whenever you invest in something so you can sell it later for a profit, you are *speculating* that its value will go up. Banning speculation would require one to close stock market, arrest people who own gold, et cetera.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speculation
It is true that ETFs and other funds which speculate on oil prices have brought MANY new speculators in to the market. Nobody knows for sure if this is what is really driving the price of oil. But if speculation really is all there is to it, the speculators will flee as soon as there is a big correction in price.

And since surging oil prices will inevitably slow the economy (and hence demand), oil prices will stall and speculators will flee in terror and the price will tank.
Oil prices don't increase to 200% of its previous value due to a 10% inflation.
this is speculation
Speculators can definitely make money by investing in bubbles until it is about to burst.  The only question is when that will happen, and if you are wrong, it can cost you a lot.
Find New oil, develop better tech to get more oil. ETC.
No, Peak Oil IS a Myth. Get your facts straight.
I laughed when I noticed the same thing
I will never understand the mechanics of Oil pricing in this world. Take for instance Katrina, it beats the shit out of refineries and prices of oil go up... pretty reasonable if you ask me. You have a true reason for supply disruption. However, since then every time something "is" about to happen, the prices go up. And I mean anything can change them... fear of Iran's nuclear program, Somalia's wars, legalization of pot, Bush farting, mouse sneezing, the just look for any excuse. Somehow, the fact that oil is about to hit $130 per barrel, makes me think that they might have overdone it a "tad" with the speculation... *sights*
Have you read the work by Hubbert?  How do you think he predicted peak consumption in the United States?  Was he psychic?

He not only predicted the peak in the USA but he got the timing of it almost precisely correct.  He could do this because the US has good data about depletion and the discovery of new reserves.  Predicting peak world oil is complicated by OPECs desire to overstate proven reserves because that is how they determine the output of each cartel member.

The fact that there is any question that a non-renewable resource will run out just shows how poorly the educational system is serving people.
I was thinking more of commodity speculation. What good does it do us to have these investors artificially pushing the price of oil up (or down, for that matter)?
No, I think Hubbard and his Crack-pot cult scientology aren't worth the time.
This formula is so bizarre it's not even wrong.  You're basing your valuation on investor psychology rather than fundamentals and then throwing some numbers at it to arrive at an justifiable level of irrational behavior?  As long as you're at it, why not throw a couple of pi's or e's into the formula, and measure it in radians.
Are you suggesting that oil production can increase forever?
100% of what I spend is calculation, based on me needing to get to where i have to go.
Even if I were on that Yacht with those babes, they'd still have to put up with my information addiction.
&gt;How come the rate of oil production has been flat for the last 5 years while demand has increased?

China.
The only time oil and gas prices crash is the October before a November election.  This is the magical time when Saudis no longer hold to OPEC quotas.  

So yeah, the price of oil will fluctuate, but it's also guaranteed to more than double in the next decade.  You sure as shit can't say that about our stock market or real estate market.
They'd be all "You really need to stop twittering it every time one of us touches you."
Well, essentially, they're rewarded for pointing out that something is being undervalued.

It'd be like if you were about to throw out some costume jewelry, and one of your friends pointed out that one of those rings was a real diamond.

They serve a particular purpose, so it's something that should be considered rather than inherently evil or good.

Markets for futures serve a seperate purpose, as they help establish a long-term price and protect people utilizing a resource from increases in costs.

For example, there's an airline (I forget which one) which bought hedges against jet fuel increases. They pay the same amount they would have in the past, even though the price is much higher. In return, they would pay slightly more even if the price were lower than when they bought the contracts.
you could make perhaps 60%.

The fact that he is not short oil futures right now indicates that he doubts his own statement by more than 60%
Oil is a limited resource, which will run out eventually. It is essentially free energy. 
Imagine that you can use a gallon of gas for even 4$ and drive 5 people + luggage for 30 miles. 
Now imagine the expense to do that with a horse drawn carriage. 

Up to this point there is no real alternative to oil. Synthetic fuels (coal-to-gas) are not good for the environmentalists + price of coal is on the rise. Ethanol from corn is a net energy looser + food prices generate complaints. Hydrogen is not viable up to this point. Electric is not very good right now as well. Other byproducts of oil like plastics and fertilizer also have no economically viable alternative sources.

The price of oil is speculation but only to the extent of future supply and reserves. While there is no alternative to oil the real price will be decided by the free market. Futures trading are a forward looking device, you speculate on the future problems sith supply and demand but this obviously affects current prices. (If the future 1-year contract is 120$ per barrel why would I sell my barrel now for 60$?)

How much are you willing to pay to drive 30miles? If it's something necessary and no public transportation is possible I presume it would be quite a lot (I've paid 100$ for a taxi to get from Jersey City to JFK).

Most experts agree that the amount of retrievable oil is limited and the supply with start to shrink in several years. Oil in the ground is just as good as oil extracted if prices rise further.

Perhaps biodiesel from algae could compete with oil at 100$ per barrel. If these oil prices are sustained we are sure to see more money being put into developement and production of viable alternative sources. A realistic oil price is not necesarily a bad thing.
You haven't educated yourself on the subject, you just criticize it.  

Seems this is becoming the dominant form of discourse in the West.
The richest one percent of this country owns half our country's wealth, five trillion dollars. One third of that comes from hard work, two thirds comes from inheritance, interest on interest accumulating to widows and idiot sons and what I do, stock and real estate speculation. It's bullshit. You got ninety percent of the American public out there with little or no net worth. I create nothing. I own. We make the rules, pal. The news, war, peace, famine, upheaval, the price per paper clip. We pick that rabbit out of the hat while everybody sits out there wondering how the hell we did it. - Wall Street

The price per paperclip - It's not hard to manipulate prices if you have enough money.
...or doesn't have investment money available at an interest rate of less than 60%
Go check your numbers... has oil production actually increased? Were there any significant new discoveries? Wishful thinking is not a plan.
[deleted]
I should say that I am maintaining that this is not the same as an actual financial bubble, which is a result of people dogpiling an investment to an extent that does not reflect its value hoping to be the last to get out, very much like a pyramid scheme.

What I am saying is more that this is an adjustment to the investment that reflects real value to investors, because its value without speculation would greatly outpace the market.
Eductated myself well enough to know every one in it is fucking nuts

Summary:
The oil bubble is in fact being fueled by speculation.
The price of oil is speculation but only to the extent of future supply and reserves.
I'm pretty sure the price of oil is the result of speculation.
This is an adjustment for future value and is not a bubble.
What do you think is driving the speculation?
I was thinking more of commodity speculation.
This is the point where, simply, oil is now an 8% return on investment.
As for who is betting on oil...
Figure out what people will invest in when the oil bubble breaks and you could make some money.
Speculators can definitely make money by investing in bubbles until it is about to burst.
While there is no alternative to oil the real price will be decided by the free market.
How come the rate of oil production has been flat for the last 5 years while demand has increased?
This may not be a bubble at all.
Speculation: 60% of today's oil price is pure speculation.
Nobody knows for sure if this is what is really driving the price of oil.
However, since then every time something "is" about to happen, the prices go up.
It has nothing to do with the convenient myths of Peak Oil.
"It has nothing to do with the convenient myths of Peak Oil."

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.13
