Original Response:
finally, it seems reason is finally winning out.  Why don't we look to history to provide evidence of a drug-free society? What, there isn't one (sorry if I am wrong, but it must at least be exceptional)? Fact is, drugs feel good.  Especially amongst people who don't have anything better.  Plus, they're pretty damn fun.
FYI, Brighton &amp; Hove where this MP represents is a "drug capital" and we have a huge number of drug-addicted homeless for the size of the city. So for this sort of policy to come from a local MP makes a lot of sense. I'd support it.
I hope this works out, be nice to see a new approach on societal control of drugs.  I was going to say that we need some cities to lead by example and allow some drug use to show that it doesnt destroy our quality of life, but then I realized though that Amsterdam and the rest of the Netherlands have been pretty damn progressive and life is peachy there.  Yet everyone chooses to ignore that while they yell fire and brimstone about pot destroying lives.  God forbid they allow us to choose what substance to put into our own bodies lest they lose such a huge chunk of the state's income.

Oh yeah, before I forget, fuck you Anslinger.
in the US, this would hurt the bushes and clintons too much to legalize.
What about liability, how would a company that sells crack and crystal meth not be sued by the hundreds of people that die?

 Cigarette companies dance around it but even they will probably eventually lose and that's because they've been around so long. They originally started at a time when cigarettes were seen as harmless what happens when Crack LTD starts up?
How would they sue? That's like an alcoholic suing Jack Daniels because he got liver disease.
I don't see how any rational person can support drugs remaining illegal.

Do you really think the government should be able to tell you what you can and can't put into your OWN BODY? The best they can do is warn your of all possible dangers and let you make up your own mind.

 I think there should be an license system in place. For each drug you want to consume you need to sit a course where you learn all the effects, proper use, etc.. Every time you buy from a shop you use that card so your use is monitored. If you're caught buying for someone without a license you get jail time. 

I'm sure dealing will still happen to people without a license. But no more than people buying drink for minors. Anyone over the legal age would go and sit the course because it ensures they get A) Pharm Grade B) Cheaper
I don't know but I'd say it would be quite different to sell crack than beer, one beer won't kill you but if you misjudge when injecting heroin for the first time you're dead. Maybe that's the way out I guess if you're dead you can't sue.
Alcohol &amp; Benzos are the only drugs that you can die from during withdrawals. 

No, not one "misjudge" the only ODs from injecting are bags that are laced with fetanyl or are stronger than expected. If they are pharm grade there would be a lot less Overdoses. You would know exactly what you were dosing.

Sorry to brake it to you - but Alcohol is 10x worse than Heroin. Heroin is non-toxic to the body. You could take it for 20 years and as long as you're clean with your needles you could quit and be left with nothing except the dying urge to start up again. Try being an alcoholic for 20years and see how your body handles it.
Headline: exactly!
This is a pretty brave step for an MP. it would be good if people emailed him with your support. i'm about to do so too.

You can too [here](http://www.labouronline.org/wibs/165220/contact_me).
Screw hard drugs, legalize hemp
I agree there really is no rational reason to prohibit drug use by adults. It boggles my mind that people think it's a-ok to dictate another adults behavior.

I disagree with any sort of training, licensing , etc. Keep punitive action to laws already on the books- murder, assault, rape, etc. As long as they're old enough it's their responsibility to educate themselves- the definition of adult.
What makes anyone think that the gangsters would actually let us legalize drugs at this point?
Hear, hear. The WOD propaganda has completely messed with peoples perception of drugs. Many heroin users live to a ripe old age.
Not to mention all the thug cops who like to don body armor and carry assault rifles and bust peoples' doors in with giant battering rams. 

Imagine if all that shit had to completely stop.  What would those assholes do with all their time?  They would probably take out their steriod rage on the general public.
Or they could just toke up and calm down.
Uh, yeah right.  What about the liver damage?
Don't they read history?

Please refer to: American prohibition and organized crime...
"Do you really think the government should be able to tell you what you can and can't put into your OWN BODY?"

Absolutely not, however should we legalize drugs we would probably abolish governmental aid as many thousands will simple do drugs and live off government cheese.

My thought is to simply legalize all drugs and let the addicts die from addition. It’s an easy way to get rid of the undesirables in our society.
weed is all you need
Heck, it was easier for me to get pot in high school than it was to find beer.
[deleted]
Every type of prohibition creates another underground.

As long as we persist in criminalizing drugs, the criminal market will continue to thrive.
Alternatively, we can keep the moral high ground and simply crackdown on the presence of drugs as a society. We have an undercurrent that treats hard drugs as harmless and fun, when in fact they are dangerous and corrupting. A quick look through some of my reddit posts will show I have no love for Mary Jane, but I think we can all agree that the REAL stuff such as meth, heroin and others are in a totally different ball park and need to be seen as such. Surely, anyone who rejects the "gateway drug" argument can agree? Right?
You don't need to toke up to be calm, you just need a good roofie colada.
All the money that's currently going into the ill-conceived "war on drugs" *could* be going into drug education and rehabilitation instead, which would work towards preventing fatalities far more effectively than the current laws are working.  Establishing government standards for drugs would also help to prevent accidental overdoses.

Don't expect it to happen, though, because the government isn't interested in helping the citizenry.  The government is interested in **controlling** the citizenry, and the draconian laws currently on the books, coupled with the freedom it gives the police, in the name of the "war on drugs", serve that end too nicely for them to allow change.
Hemp will **never** be legalized.  Hemp is far too cheap and far too useful in far too many industries for it ever to be legalized...the resulting turmoil would adversely affect too many industries...industries who employ lobbyists.
As a member of the distinguished opposition, allow me to try to reply. To be honest, I don't see how any rational person can support drugs becoming legal, but this is push and shove discussion.

&gt;Do you really think the government should be able to tell you what you can and can't put into your OWN BODY? 

I think that the government has a responsibility to try and protect people from themselves, from peer pressure, and lastly to protect other people from the dangers of people under the influence. The issue is too big to rest purely on an individual rights issue, because there's a lot more at stake.

&gt;I think there should be an license system in place. For each drug you want to consume you need to sit a course where you learn all the effects, proper use, etc.. Every time you buy from a shop you use that card so your use is monitored. If you're caught buying for someone without a license you get jail time.

That's not that crazy an idea, in fairness, and although it pains me to admit it. But the idea of shops or booths or vending machines selling drugs would seem like a twisted and darkened world to me. I'm not sure if I could stand that. What kind of message would that send? Surely it would cause all kinds of damage, if more people had easier access to drugs. It would be absolute bedlam.

EDIT: You know, I don't think I could have been any more eloquent with this than I was, and yet here I am still being downmodded. I don't care that much, but its still interesting to know there are some petty people willing to downvote based on message and not on reasonable standing. Is that how you debate, guys?
You can't bring in rationality to the drug debate, it's like kryptonite to a stoner.
naysayer...
OK...where do you draw the line, then?  More to the point, how do you rationalize the line you just drew?  You mentioned meth as one of the "others' in a "different ball park", but I had a girlfriend once who used just a pinch of meth in her coffee every morning.  She used the drug, as opposed to abusing it, and she managed to keep her job, house, and car just fine.  She had never been arrested in her life.

So what about "Mary Jane", then?  What about LSD?  Psilocybin?  Mescaline?  GHB?  Ecstasy? 

Where *do* you draw the line, then?  And what are your criteria in deciding on which side of the line a given substance falls?
Hey, I wish I was wrong....**man**, do I wish I was wrong...

Unfortunately, I'm usually right on these sorts of issues.  If you bet on jaded cynicism, you rarely lose.
&gt; I don't see how any rational person can support drugs remaining illegal.

Here are a few suggestions. I'm open to arguments against them.

1. An adult who began a heroin addiction would not be able to care for his or her children.

2. If hard drugs are legally available but cost money to obtain, then individuals with addictions will *always* ultimately run out of money and turn to crime to feed the habit.

While a human being should have freedom to consume any substance, certain substances, once consumed, *completely remove that freedom*. Chemical addictions completely replace your life, *even if you don't want them to*.

Unfortunately, with freedom to do whatever you like, comes responsibility for everything you do. You do not have the right to ignore that responsibility. Smoking some weed or getting drunk on a Friday will render you incapable for a while, but many hard drug addictions can change you for the long term, in ways which are damaging not just to you but to anybody you interact with.

It's the other people who matter. Drug abuse is not a victimless crime.
Silly headline - this is just one UK MP. In contrast, [the Prime Minister](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7327702.stm) has just said he favours reclassifying marijuana as a _more_ dangerous class of drug (class B rather than C) with more severe penalties for possession.
1. That's specific to a prohibitionist system. If the parent is prescribed the necessary heroin, then they would be more likely to be able to care for their children. If they have to steal or prostitute themselves to feed their habit (current state) that's not so easy.

2. True, but if you reduce the cost this will happen for a reduced number of hard users. And those who need it most could be given prescriptions.
Except that few drugs are as harmful as cigarettes and alcohol, so there may actually be a net reduction of health problems due to users moving onto less harmful drugs.
I definitely agree with you that you can't exactly draw a line splitting 'hard' from 'soft' drugs and I personally believe that all drugs should be legal and self-control and discretion should trump any 'morality' law.  However, realisticly, there's no way things such as heroin or meth will ever be legalized, there's simply far too much societal stigma attached to them.  And, to be honest, they do have a high potential for abuse.

Personally, I've always made my drug decisions based on 2 aspects: What is the physical toll/danger of ingesting a substance and how addictive is it.  I think it is a fairly good judge of whether something is worth taking or not.  By it I've stuck to pot and a handful of psychedelics.  I've had the chance to blow yate and a variety of pharms, but never had any interest in them or wanted to risk getting hooked.  I realize one or two lines isn't going to become a problem, but the easiest way to not get hooked is to never start.  Worked well to keep me from hacking butts, though my lungs are still shit from all my friends smoking around me...

So, tl;dr, as far as personal freedoms go, you can't draw a line.  As far as realisticly getting anything legalized a compromise is going to be needed.

&gt;We have an undercurrent that treats hard drugs as harmless and fun

Not that I've ever hung around with people that got heavy into harder shit, but I've never heard or seen that undercurrent in the people around me.  On the one hand, at this point, I can't imagine anyone not knowing that heroin or meth are dangerous, but on the other hand, the exageration or pot's danger then the realization that pot isn't as bad as claimed could definitely plant doubt about the truths of other warnings...  Another win for the War on Drugs!
1. We regulate lots of behavior that is socially risky, such as driver's licenses and background checks on buying guns. There are any number of solutions that preserve individual freedom while guarding the public good. For instance, we could issue drug licenses, requiring that you be knowledgable about the effects of the drug in question, and which would be revoked in the event of abuse.

2. Compared to the cost of incarcerating hundreds of thousands for decades on end, providing treatment and recovery resources for genuine addicts is a bargain.

3. Legalization removes the economic incentive for the black market, meaning the pusher phenomenon will dry up, and kids will have less access to drugs, not more. It's currently much easier for the average teen to get pot than booze.

Legalization is scary, but it can't be worse than what we do now.
I doubt that people who currently abuse alchohol and cigarettes will stop once they start using other drugs...
First of all, not all drugs are created equal. Pot, for instance, is laughably tame compared to alcohol, while meth is a highly dangerous epidemic. Drug policy needs to respect this.

Drugs have been around for thousands of years, and aren't going away. Legalization is not about discounting the dangers of drug use, but acknowledging that prohibition creates more problems than it solves, and that responsible users should not be punished for the bad behavior of others.

Bill Hicks said it best: Addicts are sick. Sick people don't get better in prison. We should provide treatment for those who need it, and leave everybody else alone.
What about alcoholics?
As long as that particular sickness does not get them any leniency when they commit crimes.
Licencing for hard drugs is tricky. Would YOU want to be on record as having that kind of permit? 

Point 3 is dead on though. Hell, I was once offered pot by some little kids if I'd buy them cigarettes. Good job there, drug warriors.
100% agreed.
Hard drugs are already freely available in the form of cigarettes and alcohol.
right.
&gt;If you're caught buying for someone without a license you get jail time.

Get the *jail time* out of it please.
Do you realise what heroin does to people? This isn't something you can take without major major effects and it only gets worse with long term use.

*edit*

Just looked it up an a refined form of heroin(diamorphine) is actually prescribed in the UK to wean people off of it.

So no, prescriptions don't get rid of the problem.
I hope you take a lot of drugs.
Prohibition is never the solution, actually it's more of a mess than anything else. Just give me one good example showing it's efficiency and I'll agree with you.
Info for American Reddit readers : The Argus is a local paper and this is just a single, low ranking MP saying this.

His constituency, Brighton and Hove, is pretty much the party capital of the south (it's also the gay capital of the UK but that's irrelevant). This is simply an excuse to drum up some easy support with no real prospect of his ideas coming to fruition.
Considering that the UK and the US look the other way in Afghanistan, where 90% of the world's heroin comes from, I would agree that this is a control issue as the submitter notes. 

That is, control of British citizens.
Actually pharmaceutically pure heroin, whilst it may have a negative psychological effect, will not cause any physical damage if taken at a safe level for any period of time.

Also if you understand what a market is then you'll know that removing its customers will not increase its size.
His [Home Sec](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacqui_Smith) is supportive of this, even if she was slightly stoned at the time. Possibly.
1. handguns are illegal in the UK. You must possess a valid reason for owning a shotgun or a rifle and they're very tightly regulated. How's this an argument supporting legalisation?

2. Given the state has to pay for the treatment of addicts, years of treatment and expensive drugs may actually work out more pricey than a stay in jail that happens before they become dependant.

Without the threat of jail, many more people will take up the habbit and the cost of treating addicts will shoot through the roof.

3. No it isn't, anyone who reads the BBC will know how prevailant under-age drinking is in the UK. Anyone who actually lives in the UK will have experienced the problem first hand.
If they were legal - yes.
No more so than an alcoholic. 

I don't think you understand how cheap Heroin could be made if it was legal. If someone is getting that out of hand the shop could refuse to sell to them. They do it here in the UK with alcohol. They also won't sell to you if you're extremely fucked.
I used to do both, but after a particularly violent round of binge drinking (and associated smoking, for some reason they just feel *great* together) and vomiting recently, I just don't want to do it anymore.  Somehow I just booted one too many times, and now even the smell of ethanol makes me nauseous.  Ditto on the tobacco.  The strangest part was that I didn't experience any withdrawal effects after I stopped smoking, which was surprising considering I used to smoke around a half a pack a day.

I'm sticking to lighter psychoactives like cannabis and will retain occasional use of entheogens like LSD.
Drug policy in the UK currently does. Cannabis is a class C drug. You can get it confiscated and your parents will be called (if you're under 18) but that's it. It's pretty much impossible to be jailed for possession (unless you're driving whilst high)

You'll only go to jail for dealing and even then the jail sentence is mild.

Drug law in the UK reflects the severity of the drug in question.
Uh, Yes. I know exactly what Heroin does to people - It appears you do not though.
You should be upmodded. Clearly, if drug use/abuse wasn't victimless, then it should be legal. But I don't want to pay for the keep of someone who insists on drug use as a way of life and is refusing to or is incapable of contributing to his family or community. Useless is useless. Granted soft drugs like marijuana could be legalized with provisos you don't show up to work or drive under the influence. Clearly, present drug policies aren't working.
And it'll be a marvel when they finally make tobacco illegal. We're clearly heading in that direction. People have the right to distraction in a society increasingly willing to impose limits on everything we do.
&gt;Do you realise what heroin does to people?

Yes, I've taken it before.  I agree that opiates are just *BAD NEWS* in general, but it's possible to try it without destroying your life.

Should we ban highly addictive and immersive games like WoW?  Do you realize what it does to people?  This isn't something you can take without major major effects and it only gets worse with long term use.
Good luck trying to keep an addict satisfied at a 'safe level'. You build up a resistance to it and either you increase the dosage or you start getting withdrawal symptoms.

"Also if you understand what a market is then you'll know that removing its customers will not increase its size."

prescriptions do not eliminate the market. There's a bustling trade in prescription medicines. A doctor would only prescribe Heroin to someone short term or to wean them off of it. Guess where they'll turn to when their dosage is reduced or their prescription has run its course.
First, it's one MP, not the UK.

Second, the police supply the drugs and then arrest people for using them. So there is no "crackdown on suppliers". The government/CIA (in America) is the supplier and the police are the middlemen. The whole thing is a scam.

The reason they ban drugs like Marijuana is because they will replace billion dollar industries like tobacco and oil. They also give people inspiration and real thought. A drug-influenced population scares the government.

And don't say that everyone would just get high if marijuana was legalised for medical purposes. Any drug you use can make you high. Plus, people know that if they are doped up all day, they will lose their job and wellbeing. It is a flimsy excuse made by flimsy people.

ALL DRUGS = LEGAL = FREEDOM
"I'll just try it"
"I can quit at any time"

Heroin is bad because it's one of the most addictive of drugs and has drastic side effects that get worse as the ammount you take increases.

As for your comment on WoW I'm not going to bother rebutting such an inane straw man
Er, since we're discussing legalisation, they'll turn to the licit market, which the black market could not possibly compete with.
Jesus christ. Try talking to an addict at some point. Tell them how little effect it has on people.

Recovering from a heroin addiction is hell. People shouldn't ever have to go through something like that.
No doubt, surely they got addicted when it was legal!  Oh wait...
&gt; we could issue drug licenses ... which would be revoked in the event of abuse.

What do you think somebody would do if they started abusing drugs, and then got their license revoked? One: stop abusing, or two: obtain their drugs illegally?
You already are paying.
[Drugs Now Legal If User Is Employed](http://www.theonion.com/content/news/drugs_now_legal_if_user_is) - The Onion, back in 2002
Sorry, writing this from an American perspective. Guns are perhaps a bad example. :) Nonetheless, more people die in car accidents than from drug overdoses and we don't feel the need to ban cars, so I feel the point holds overall.

There are several problems with using jail time as a deterrent. For one, jail sentences are often insanely disproportionate, putting people in jail for years or decades whether or not their drug use is socially harmful. And it tends to deter only those who are not at risk anyway: rational people with good judgment aren't likely to become junkies in the first place, and junkies aren't likely to kick their habit based on a fear of incarceration alone. 10 years in jail is definitely more expensive than six months of treatment.

I'm aware of the problems regarding under-age drinking, which are pretty ubiquitous everywhere. I think that's more a failure of parenting than drug policy. But the point is that the situation gets worse, not better, under prohibition, as evidenced by America's "Noble Experiment" with alcohol prohibition. It needlessly creates black markets and criminals, and drives addicts underground instead of helping them.
I was replying to someone talking about doctors prescribing it.

Doctors will not prescribe heroin without a need for it and they are very unlikely to increase the dose as the patient demands it. "First do no Harm" etc.
A few weeks of withdrawal. After that you're fine. Sure you may relapse but that is only psychological. 

If you have a strong desire to get off it you can become a functioning human being again.

Try being an alcoholic for 20yrs, You'll end up with liver cirrhosis and half a brain. 

It's not "refined" it's just lab grade. and no it's not prescribed to wean people off it. That's methadone. People who fail the methadone program multiple times are deemed "incurable" and are given a prescription for heroin. As it is proven to reduce crime rates.
I'm sure making it available over the counter will drastically lower the number of serious addicts.
&gt;Heroin is bad because it's one of the most addictive of drugs and has drastic side effects that get worse as the ammount you take increases.

I understand, and I agree completely.  It is a very bad drug.  Still not a good reason for restricting access, regulating it, or banning it in anyway.

&gt;As for your comment on WoW I'm not going to bother rebutting such an inane straw man

It seems so at first, but I'm going to challenge you to sit down and think about it.  I don't want to argue with you, but I want you to seriously think about it from a rational perspective.  Learn to ask the question, "Why?", and don't be satisfied with a simple answer.  That's all.  Have a great day!  :)
Oh, they certainly would continue using illegally, at which point the law would get involved in whatever way is deemed necessary and efficacious, be it treatment or punishment.

But the idea is that casual users who are not harming anyone would be protected, and those on the fence would have an incentive towards good behavior: Get a job and play by the rules like everybody else, and you're welcome to smoke all the dope you like in the comfort of your own home.
No - Heroin is prescribed in the UK when people fail the methadone program several times. They are deemed incurable and are given a prescription for Heroin.
[deleted]
nicotine is harder to kick.
What are these drastic side effects you talk about?

I've never had heroin but I can attest to the fact that WoW is more addicting than most drugs (cocaine,all psychedelics, MDMA, Ketamine,etc)
Fine then

WoW has no physical effects on the body(other than maybe a bit of eye strain and RSI).

The problem is not WoW it's a lack of excersize.  You can play WoW as much as you want, providing you ensure you get excersize. You can play 10 hours a day and be exactly as fit as someone who plays a couple of hours at the weekend.

Someone who takes high doses of heroin will not be the same as a light, recreational only, non-addict.
&gt; Drug law in the UK reflects the severity of the drug in question.

I'll concede that Brits are much more rational about it than us Yanks. :) But if this were entirely true, cannabis would not be illegal at all, as it is far less dangerous than drinking, both for society and personal health. The only cogent argument is the so-called "gateway drug", which is fallacious to the extent that *any* drug has the capacity to be a gateway to other drugs. That's not a good enough reason in and of itself.
Of course not - they'll be fucking wasted. Probably lie about all day feeling good. But it's not doing any physical harm to the body.
I live in the UK. When I was underaged it was 10x easier to get weed,pills, or coke than it was to get alcohol.
Americans are polling around 40-45% on legalizing all cannabis, and over half for medical marijuana and industrial hemp. We're closer to critical mass than you might think. ;)
... you seriously think Heroin has no physical side effects?
And look how easily they're abused. Legalizing hard drugs would drop the price, but I don't think it would help those who are addicted to it, nor would it stop people from becoming addicted to it.

There would still be drug dealers selling higher quality drugs than the state, there would still be people having to steal to get money to buy the drugs, even at a lower cost, because they wouldn't be working. There'd still be people doing meth and crack and the other very dangerous drugs.

All legalization would really do is lower the price, and hell, it's already priced so low that anyone can get it if they want it.
You've yet to list any? All the "Physical" effects you will find on websites (collapsed veins, increase risk of Hep B/C" are a direct result of IV use or impurities.
Treatment and punishment don't work. That's what the government is trying to do now and it's failing. It's failed so badly that they keep ratcheting up the punishment hoping to stop people from doing it, but it doesn't work.
Really? What are the withdrawal symptoms like?
It would also take drugs out of the hands of criminal empires, and start making us money instead of costing money.

How often do people get shot over a cigarette deal gone bad?
I guess they'd put a warning on the packet.
And we all know how vulnerable stoners are to kryptonite...?
&gt;we could issue drug licenses, requiring that you be knowledgable about the effects of the drug in question, and which would be revoked in the event of abuse.

We have this already. You go to a doctor. You get a prescription.

&gt;Legalization removes the economic incentive for the black market

Are you claiming there is no black market for legal drugs? OxyContin ring a bell? Decriminalization would not eliminate the black market culture. The pusher phenomenon will NOT dry up - it will move to billboards.

There are already numerous legalized drugs, from Xanax to Lithium. Why haven't these replaced the sales of illegal drugs? Because companies sell at maximum profits. What do you think the rate would be for a highly addictive drug? Look at the insanity of pharmaceutical prices now, and you're going to hand over addictive drug sales to those companies?

&gt;Legalization is scary, but it can't be worse than what we do now.

Merck + Cocaine = ???

Did you see what the British East India Tea Company did to China in order to sell opium there?

&gt;kids will have less access to drugs, not more

Again, you are weakening your argument with inflammatory claims. Do you honestly believe this statement? Really, you can supply the prison argument, but the "less access to drugs" argument makes  your overall discussion rather suspect.


&gt;Don't ever take a fence down until you know the reason it was put up. -G. K. Chesterton
irritable, anxious, depressed, insomnia, etc..
OxyContin isn't legal, It's a Schedule III drug. 

Alcohol is legal, There is no black market for alcohol.

It is easier to get weed than alcohol when under-aged. I can say this with experience.
And bars cutting people off for being too drunk to drink has stopped alcoholism and drunk driving? The only reason bars cut you off is to dissuade lawsuits. That's it.
'Sir, the majority of Americans want to legalize Cannabis."

Darth Cheney: "So?"
Legal drugs makes baby Jesus cry
Casual heroin users? I'm starting to think you are just trolling now.

Look.. when something is legalized we, as a society, are basically saying "This is something you can enjoy, but in moderation, like beer!" Which is complete bullshit with hard drugs, because you can't just enjoy them in moderation, because they take over your life.
It wouldn't take drugs out of the hands of criminal empires. It would just cause them to adjust their prices and/or quality of stock.

They would happily sell drugs to people who've already bought their "state licensed" amount for the month. They will happily sell a higher quality version to people. They will happily sell alternative versions of popular drugs to people.

If cigarettes were "licensed" and you were only allowed to buy 3 packs a week, you'd see a black market in smokes by people who want to smoke more than 3 packs a week.

Realistically, even if the state did license drugs, they would put severe limits on how much you could buy. It would be like prescription medication. And there's huge problems with prescription medication abuse. 

My point is the same: The only thing legalization would do is lower the price. It would shift some of the money from dealers/bosses to the government, but that's just moving the crime from one corrupt organization to another corrupt organization.
Weed. Do you see that? It's a frikkin' weed. Of course it's easier to obtain than something that must be cultivated and brewed. You just have to walk out into a field.

&gt;Alcohol is legal, There is no black market for alcohol.

&gt;alcohol when under-aged

Do you see your own contradiction? And by claiming there is no black market, I sincerely doubt you understand the depth of organized crime.

[Alcohol on the Black Market](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/1999/01/09/contraband990109.html)

&gt;OxyContin isn't legal

It is legal to sell and possess with a doctors prescription. Like the "license" legalization proponents keep asking for.

If you are going to argue for legalization, all I am asking for is that you use legitimate arguments.
Ok, lets use your perscription drug example, because it works pretty well.

Yes, they are heavily regulated, and yes, they are abused, but where is this criminal empire you speak of?

Nobody is getting gunned down in the street for Vicodin, cops are not shooting little girls in the face during stakeouts of Oxycontin Houses. There's no turf wars over Morphine. 

So really, if it were like perscription medicine, everything would be a THOUSAND TIMES BETTER.
Preservation, mutilation, augmentation, and termination of ones self should be individual choices.

If you commit a crime against another individual because of any choice you have made,you should be punished accordingly.
&gt;As long as they're old enough it's their responsibility to educate themselves- the definition of adult.

This would be a nice system if it weren't so naive. Unfortunatly, in the real world, people *don't* educate themselves, and simply do whatever makes them feel good. Maybe someone like you and I would find little or no interest in decriminalized heroin due to it's dangers, but others simply don't care, don't fully know, or have problems that they feel outweight these dangers. Laws against drugs like these aren't meant to put restrictions on responsible adults, they are to restrict those without the capacity to control themselves. I think it's a fair trade.
Citation please. 

Heroin use of only 3 days can cause withdrawl symtoms after stopping.

Citation for that is in the wiki article on heroin.
The black market for Pharma drugs is pretty fucking benign, and those are some serious serious drugs. 

Very few people are getting shot, the cops and gangs are not ripping up neighborhoods fighting each other over them. I can live with a perscription drug style black market.
I wouldn't consider asking my mate to jump in and use his ID as creating a "black market" so no - I do not see my own contradiction.

Maybe you should look up the definition of prescription and license. No matter what I do, I could not get a prescription for OxyContin unless I had a valid medical reason. We were suggesting a license system based on your knowledge. Something you could study for and get without a medical reason.
high risk of overdosing, especially if you've stopped for a while (you can reduce the risk but it's still very high).

Chronic constipation.
Physical dependence with a very short time before withdrawel kicks in (6 hours for heavy users).
Liver and kidney disease and lung and heart infections.
seizures and muscle spasms.

http://www.heroin-addiction.info/side-effects.htm 
http://www.heroinaddictiondrugrehab.com/h-side-effects.htm 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/351472.stm 
http://www.drugs.com/heroin.html
&gt;A) Pharm Grade B) Cheaper

Ah, pharmaceutical companies and cheaper?
&gt;It is a very bad drug. Still not a good reason for restricting access, regulating it, or banning it in anyway.

What country agrees with you? Even in Sweden where they have injecting rooms, and work programs for users who can't quit, it's regulated, and use outside of the room is banned.
[deleted]
Please rephrase that question in comprehensible English.
Um, did you miss all the cigarette companies being sued because people got cancer?
There is a black market for oxy and vicodin, but since there's currently a much greater demand for harder stuff, that's where the crime lords are. If you take that away, they'll move to something else. The crime bosses aren't going to go away, they'll just buy and muscle their way into government.. Oh wait, they already are.

YOu do raise some good points though. But there's still one reason why we'll never legalize drugs: There's too much money to be made by keeping them illegal. The government just seized 400,000 dollars from some dope smoker this week for example. The war on drugs is making a lot of people rich in this country. Important people.
I doubt there are many casual users of heroin or meth specifically; it's far more relevant to drugs like cannabis, LSD, ecstasy or cocaine. My point is that people should be judged based on their behavior, not their chemical intake, and that prohibition punishes people regardless of what they do with the drug in question.

&gt; You can't just enjoy them in moderation, because they take over your life.

This is debatable. The same could be said for World of Warcraft or a bad relationship. It's the person and their choices who are responsible, not the drug.

I'm not advocating lifting every ban and opening the floodgates. What I'm saying that is that mind-altering chemicals belong in the realm of medicine and health, not law enforcement, and current approaches to the problem are irrational and heavy-handed, and often punish people who are no threat to others.
There are a lot of videos on the net of heroin users and what they go through.

You should watch one.

This is a National Geographic special: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOPOK24g9Cc

 A+Es "Intervention" : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMqIJH852lU
Sorry, I was expecting some advanced English comprehension skills.

When have the pharmaceutical companies been acknowledge for their low prices?
Spot on. 

It seems like a radical idea, but making them all legal would be a better solution. Don't allow drugs to be advertised. Government regulate the distribution and track the users if you want, but make them legal. 

This whole war on drugs is a sham that puts way too many non-violent people behind bars and creates an avenue for crime that shouldn't exist. We should be focusing on helping people understand drug use consequences instead of putting them in jail.
Good points, there. I'll concede that the pusher phenomenon would move from the street to the advertising houses, though just like with tobacco or alcohol now, they wouldn't be pushing directly to kids.

Prescriptions are *not* identical to drug licenses, because "I want to get high" is not considered a medical necessity, but people do it anyway. Licensing in this sense would be about providing simple education and creating an incentive for good behavior, which is very different from an OxyContin prescription for pain.

The fact is, people are going to get high, whether it's on bathtub moonshine or prescription heroin. You can use vast public resources to try to put the genie back in the bottle, no matter how lives get harmed in the process, or you can accept what is, help those who need it, and minimize the social harm.
Alright, I'll play, but first, I think you'd be pretty hard-pressed to find someone who didn't know that heroin was illegal :) Also, down-modding simply because you disagree with me is not what the system is there for. If I get hidden you get hidden too.

So there are people that do and do not abide laws. For simplicity's sake, let's assume that everyone who does *not* abide laws *is* a drug user, although this is very atypical, the fact that non-abiders don't always use drugs only helps *my* argument, so I'll give it to you. 

Here's what happens.. people that are not educated and do not abide laws will be likely to use these drugs regardless of their legal status and will always be a problem. People that are educated and do abide laws will be likely to stay away from these drugs regardless of their legal status as well. 

The issue that arises when these drugs are made legal, is those that are not educated in their dangers, yet generally abide the laws, are now willing to use these drugs without the needed awareness. These people are the irresponsible group that will now become an added factor.
It will drastically lower them coming into your house and killing you looking to score their next hit.  It will drastically lower the income source of organized crime and the CIA.

It will allow us to get some real numbers, medical history, and medical research on addicts and addiction.  How long are we going to close our eyes and wish we lived in a drug free society vs examining the root problems.
I can't even begin to describe what is wrong with your post. But I'm willing to try. Lets start with the last statement " I think it's a fair trade." This is not a trade, you simply telling drug users how it’s going to be. Secondly this entire post is a straw man, your trying to change the argument from the merits of legalization to how much harm drugs cause to the user. But since your are wrong on that count as well I will humor you. Inhaling certain vapors, swallowing certain pills, and chewing certain leaves causes no direct harm to anyone other then the person doing the action. How much damage is dependent on the user, the substance, and the frequency of use not on its legality. Making a certain action illegal is proven to not decrease its occurrence. Therefore criminalizing certain drugs does not decrease the amount of individual harm and does not decrease the occurrence of these harms. I could argue that it in fact increases both but as I have said before this entire debate is irrelevant, we don't determine an actions legal status on the amount of harm it causes, we merely ask to the question “Does this action infringe on upon the rights of others?" If the answer is no the action is legal, if the answer is yes the action is illegal.

I can already imagine your response " But drug use does infringe upon the rights of others!"
I wish I could downmod you so much more, but once will have to do
&gt;though just like with tobacco or alcohol now, they wouldn't be pushing directly to kids.

Camel Joe begs to differ.

&gt;minimize the social harm

That's the Catch-22. "social harm" is just so ambiguous. Would society rather have a heavy use heroin addict living next door or locked up in jail? There's going to be massive problems  either direction legalization/criminalization takes us, and social acceptance will play a large role in these problems. 

I just read up on social acceptance of drunkenness for a different reddit thread. The more "manly" drinking is considered, the worse alcohol problems are for that country, from liver damage to vehicle accidents.

I'd be more for legalization if usage was less glamourized, and people/corporations were more willing to own up to the negative effects.
I'd prefer the heroin addict.  Some alcoholics are loud.
"Only psychological" stuff is responsible for nearly all behavior.  A lack of acute withdrawal symptoms doesn't mean your habit matters less.

Drug withdrawal has a lot less to do with time than people think, and a lot more to do with the context in which the user finds himself.
&gt; Camel Joe begs to differ.

...which is why a big fuss was made, and they were forced to stop using cartoon characters.

&gt; That's the Catch-22. "social harm" is just so ambiguous.

Agreed. I don't think there's a single magic solution. My chief argument is that prohibitionist strategies are (a) ineffective and (b) sometimes more harmful than the drug use itself. What I'm against is burying our heads in the sand and maintaining the status quo. I admit to some ignorance regarding U.K. drug laws, but here in the U.S., the drug war destroys lives and families, wastes billions of tax dollars, and catches a lot of innocent people in the cross-fire.

&gt; I'd be more for legalization if usage was less glamourized, and people/corporations were more willing to own up to the negative effects.

I certainly agree with this; the cultural glamorization of competitive chugging is utterly absurd. But this is a cultural value, which is difficult to change by law, particularly among youth. More accurate (and non-judgmental) drug education might be a good start, as would universal mental health care (but then, that's another debate). ;)
Don't you think you'd be equally as hardpressed to find someone who didn't know heroin is bad for you?
&gt;People that are educated and do abide laws will be likely to stay away from these drugs regardless of their legal status as well.


Except for a [few scientists](http://www.webmd.com/brain/news/20080409/poll-scientists-use-brain-boosting-drugs) and those pesky [Nobel Prize winners](http://www.miqel.com/entheogens/francis_crick_dna_lsd.html).

.

You can think of it as 3 things.

1. Drug use -- not a problem if done in moderation.

2. Drug abuse -- a medical problem

3. Illegality of drugs 


If you make drugs legal #3 goes away.

If you tax drugs you have money to pay for #2

Number 1 wasn't a problem to start with.
&gt;Without the threat of jail, many more people will take up the habbit and the cost of treating addicts will shoot through the roof.

Wrong. People are going to do things they want to do, whether they like it or not. There have been numerous studies showing that the illegality of a substance is not a deterrent to its use. Cannabis is legal in Amsterdam, and less people smoke weed in Amsterdam per capita than do in America where it's illegal.
I'll do you one better - you don't even have to look up the definition of black market - I'll give it to you.

&gt;The underground economy or black market is a market consisting of all commerce on which applicable taxes and/or regulations of trade are being avoided. 

Your friend made himself a middleman and helped you avoid a regulation of trade. So yes, it's black market, and yes, you contradicted yourself. Nevermind that you were completing wrong stating there is no black market for alcohol.

&gt;No matter what I do, I could not get a prescription for OxyContin unless I had a valid medical reason. We were suggesting a license system based on your knowledge.

So you are at least admitting OxyContin is legal then?

As for the difference between prescription and license, it is less clear than you are implying. To get a prescription, one must visit a doctor *or a psychiatrist*. Psychiatrists can prescribe drugs to people who are simply wanting *to feel better*.

Your license still has requirements, "based on your knowledge", that people will fail, and therefore only be able to access drugs illegally. I will grant you they are not identical, but they are not as far removed as some proponents are stating.
Turning the debate from legalizing drugs to universal mental health care. Maybe that *is* what we should be discussing.

I'll mod you up for that one.

And I do agree with quite a bit of what you stated.
I used to smoke my self but have since quit. However I do drink on a regular basis and on occasionally smoke salvia. I would probably use LSD if it wasn’t so hard to get a hold of...

I agree it's possible to use drugs with some self control. However many, many, people can't and would become hopelessly addicted to them. I'm not saying that's a reason not to legalize them, simply a consequence that should be considered.
Any such argument boils down to one question:

Would you allow people to make a bad choice in the name of freedom?

Or would you rather curtail some of their freedom because its detrimental to society as a whole?

Answer this and you could answer any question on legalizing drugs or prostitution.
The only problem with heroin addiction is running out of heroin.
Gangs shoot up neighborhoods over control of the right to sell, not which particular drug is being sold that week.

&gt;those are some serious serious drugs.

The oxycodone contained in OxyContin produces typical opioid effects, and is considered a "reasonable substitute" for heroin, so much so that OxyContin is often referred to as "hillbilly heroin".

Does that make true heroin a *serious serious serious* drug?

A black market for anything is going to bring undesirables. You really think there's some lollipop-never-never-land style black market for pharma drugs? It's the same group of people dealing.

[pharma drugs on the black market](http://www.jointogether.org/news/headlines/inthenews/2004/generic-oxycontin-hits-black.html)
From wikipedia:

&gt;Armed robberies of pharmacies where the robber demanded only OxyContin, not cash, have occurred. In some areas, particularly the eastern US, OxyContin has been the drug of greatest concern to enforcement authorities, although trustworthy data on the actual incidence of "Oxy abuse" have been difficult to establish.
Know what?  Everyone in government is scared to death to legalize (all) drugs.  But legalizing drugs, taxing and regulating them, will work (ie., lower crime, lower deaths, increase revenue).  It's a no brainer.  Too bad politics gets in the way of common sense.
Yes, you brought up some excellent points as well. Thanks for the debate, I enjoyed it. *handshake*
A rational leader of an organized crime syndicate would support drugs remaining illegal. They would also have the money to support a large number of lobbyists.
Whether it is called food, legal drugs, or illegal drugs, everything a person puts into their body causes a chemical reaction that results in a physiological and/or psychotropic effect.

In regards to crime - Murder, rape, assault, theft, etc. - There are laws against these activities.  A drug's legal status does not denote a drug's ability to be the cause of someone's choice to commit a criminal act against another person.  Whether a person is under the influence of drugs when they commit any of these heinous acts is completely irrelevant.  People need to be accountable for the actions they choose to take.
&gt; I don't see how any rational person can support alcohol remaining illegal.

Here are a few suggestions. I'm open to arguments against them.

   1. An adult who began a alcohol addiction would not be able to care for his or her children.
   2. If alcohol is legally available but costs money to obtain, then individuals with addictions will always ultimately run out of money and turn to crime to feed the habit.

While a human being should have freedom to consume any substance, certain substances, once consumed, completely remove that freedom. Chemical addictions completely replace your life, even if you don't want them to.

Unfortunately, with freedom to do whatever you like, comes responsibility for everything you do. You do not have the right to ignore that responsibility. Smoking some weed or railing a line on a Friday will render you incapable for a while, but hard alcohol addiction can change you for the long term, in ways which are damaging not just to you but to anybody you interact with.

It's the other people who matter. Drug abuse is not a victimless crime.
Exactly. Ever gone 5mph above the speed limit because you didn't see why you should remain at that speed on a clear road?

THAT IS A CRIME! YOU ARE A CRIMINAL!

Jeez I hate people who think people obey the law because they respect it.

People only care when they get caught.
Funny isn't it.

How many people have died from "terrorist attacks"?
&gt;Unfortunatly, in the real world, people don't educate themselves

That's what happens when they think the govenrment will always be there to bail them out.
Stealing prohibition is working quite well. Murder prohibition too.
A-freaking-men!
I strongly disagree with you (unless shown to be a danger to other people, I don't believe that the state has any right to interfere with any choice that an adult makes, however stupid that choice may seem), but I am upmodding you because you are clearly trying to have a rational debate and I get extremely annoyed when my posts get downmodded simply because someone's got a different opinion.
Heroin and cocaine were once legal in the US.  There were many, many casual users who were not turned into zombies.
The fact this would cost organised crime so much money is probably why they remain illegal.

I don't think any MP has the balls to stand up for what is right when faced with physical harm. Shame they send our soldiers to die for political convenience.
Uhm - All the time?

Think how many hands drugs have to pass through before they get to the end user - Everyone of them adding their profit ontop of it.
Legal if you have a prescription. If you get caught with 10 OC80s try telling the cop they're "legal".

Re-read the definition. How exactly is my mate jumping in for me avoiding taxes? He still has to pay them. 

Psychiatrists don't prescribe drugs to make you feel better. They prescribe them if you have a valid medical reason. Such as depression,anxiety,etc..
I missed the part where anyone won.
sell it as inscense. not to be smoked... its what they do with salvia anyway
Stoners are vulnerable only to lack of bagel bites.
Why stop with drugs? ...I hate wearing my seatbelt!!!
&gt; Heroin is non-toxic to the body.

 It must do something otherwise why would people use it?
I know casual herion users, and ex meth users, who are doing just fine.
not to mention the prevalence of morphine/laudanum use in the late 19th century, which is probably underestimated because of societal pressures at the time.
If any drug could be aquired for the same cost as a pint of beer, is there anyone in the country who would spend even a single evening sober for the rest of their lives?
Certain chemical compounds produce certain changes of consciousness and so 
permit a measure of self-transcendence and a temporary relief of tension. Thus, 
the so-called "tranquillizing drugs" are merely the latest addition to a long list of 
chemicals which have been used from time immemorial for changing the quality 
of consciousness and so making possible some degree of transcendence. Let us 
always remember that, while modern pharmacology has given us a host of new 
synthetics, it has made no basic discoveries in the field of the natural drugs; it has 
merely improved the methods of extraction, purification, and combination. All the 
naturally occurring sedatives, narcotics, euphorics, hallucinogens, and excitants 
were discovered thousands of years ago before the dawn of civilization. This 
surely is one of the strangest facts in that long catalogue of improbabilities known 
as human history. Primitive man, it is evident, experimented with every root, 
twig, leaf and flower, with every seed, nut and berry, and fungus, in his 
environment. Pharmacology is older then agriculture. There is good reason to 
believe that even in Palaeolithic times, while he was still a hunter and food 
gatherer, man killed his animals and human enemies with a poisoned arrow. By 
the Stone Age he was systematically poisoning himself. The preserved heads of 
poppy in the kitchen middens of the Swiss Lake dwellers shows how early in his 
history man discovered the techniques of self-transcendence through drugs. There 
were dope addicts long before there were farmers. 

Huxley, Aldous, "History of Tension," Scientific Monthly, 87, July, 1957, 4, 5
I presume than, that you also favor alcohol
prohibition, and sugar prohibition, and
sleeplessness prohibition--things
that produce both higher per capita, and
per user catastrophies.  Ever try to care
for a baby with infant diabetes?  Know how
many there are?

In a rational free society, you only prohibit
things based on substantial
dire harm.  Not your prejudices against the most common users of said things.  When
you can show courtroom quality evidence that the per user harm from
heroin is greater than that from alcohol,
or cigarettes, or sugar, for example, then
you have a case.  

And if you try, you'll lose.  See "Licit and Illicit Drugs", by the Consumer's Union, if
you want to know what the available evidence
indicates.  It's dated, but modern attempts
by governments to look at the evidence have
only confirmed Consumer's Union's report.

Heroin, or rather more accurately, opiates, in particular, is/are a good example of drug whose societal and personal harm is, in very large measure, the result of its prohibition.
There are, in fact, many more casual users of heroin than addicts.   You have to be quite determined about it for several months
to get into what clinicians call resonance
(physiological addiction).  Even a casual
acquaintance with the laws of statistics would tell you this, from the DEA's own
estimates about the amount of heroin being
consumed, and the number of addicts currently
extant.  

And if you couldn't manage that, 
commmon sense might tell you the same thing.
I think a more reasonable thing we should come to is to realize that these hard drugs do put you in state of mind in which lives around you can be in danger. I'm not saying Alcohol does not do the same but it's not to the degree of which Meth/crack and so on will bring you too.

Also, the making of meth is dangerous in the instance of blowing up and being bad for the environment.  I Do Not support a full out legalization of drugs. However, I propose the debate of legalizing the gate way drug, Marijuana.  How often do you see people smoking meth before smoking pot?  I know people personally who have "skipped"  Marijuana for meth but I believe the statistics would be %90+  for smoking pot, then doing other drugs.

Making "pot" a crime puts this much more sociably acceptable drug around other drugs there for the easy gateway drug.  

I can only assume that the same with dealing drugs starts with the dealing of marijuana. Then progressing to harder drugs.  I'll just end it here,  I believe a better step on a legal basis would be to end the war on drugs.  Legalize Marijuana to the same levels of alcohol, Maybe a age of 18,(Here in America)  Having "harder" drugs a violation with small fines or simply losing the drugs.  UNTIL THEY MESS UP AND COMMIT CRIME FOR THE DRUG OR ON THE DRUG WHETHER IT IS BOOZE OR METH. That is when we should get involved for the safety of others around them.
Excuse me?  Liver damage from heroin?
"in the real world, people don't educate"
No one ever educates themselves? You made the statement without any qualifier.

I realize some people won't. Who the hell cares? It's not any of your business what another adult does if it doesn't harm you. The issue of drug using and harm to society has been well hashed out. Almost all harm comes from prohibition- poor quality (which endangers users), crime (from the black market- without drugs how would gangs fund their activities?), etc. 

"laws... they are to restrict those without the capacity to control themselves"

Again, if it doesn't harm you why does someone need to control themselves? 

Also- what's wrong with doing something that makes you feel good? Pursuit of happiness ring a bell?
Legalization may be a new and radical concept for some but William S. Burroughs suggested it as early as the sixties in novels like Naked Lunch and The Ticket that Exploded. In those and other books he explained his theory of a symbiotic relationship between law enforcement and the underworld drug distribution system that is harmful and costly for society but would be neutralized by legalization. Burroughs was was an opiate addict for most of the last fifty years of his life, heroin by injection being his preference. He died at the age of 83.
True heroin is a serious drug, and pretty much everybody agrees with this. The point I was trying to make is that some of Pharmas stuff is pretty much just as hardcore. So yes, duh, heroin is serious.

Black markets do bring in undesireable. The thing is, with drugs that are totally banned, the undesireables control almost every aspect of production, transportation, and delivery, wholesale, retail, etc, and it is completely unregulated. 

With pharma, we have the ability to regulate every step of the way right up until we get to the final distribution to those without perscriptions who want the drugs anyway. Even then, the best way to get those isn't the corner dealer, but mail order from someplace with looser restrictions, or from somebody local you know who has a script. 

Gangs do shoot up neighborhoods over selling territory, but also for other problems in dealing. You don't see them doing that for booze (where the perscription is being over 21). Did you ever think about the fact that whenever somebody under 21 gets booze, its "on the black market"?

In short, while "Big Pharma" and our regulation of them leaves a lot to be desired, they are decidedly non-violent in their production, wholesaling, distribution, and retailing of their products, and most societies are non-violent in their regulation of these activities. I'd much rather see all drugs done this way.
Yes, and robbers also take packs of smokes and booze all the time too.

Better ban them too, cause obviously thats just as bad as when the Mafia controlled alcohol during prohibition.
Uhrm. I didn't say it wasn't recreational. I said it was non-toxic. Ie; doesn't do any damage to the internal organs or brain.
But you see, Worcester, people ALREADY have the choice to use drugs or not and the number of people using drugs will probably not change when/if drugs become legal (and statistics from Holland support this.) This issue is not about value judgements, morality or health. You and I and our legislators must acknowledge the fact that humans have been using drugs since we were hunter-gatherers and and will probably continue using them, or something better, as long as the species exists. So a government's choice is not between, as you say, allowing people to choose drugs or making them illegal. The government must choose between decriminalizing and regulating the sale of drugs (which is not the same as condoning their use) and allowing criminal organizations to continue selling drugs as they do now.
November 23, 1998: Forty-Six States Agree to Accept $206 Billion Tobacco Settlement

Do try to keep up with the times, please.
Exactly!
I think even if they got rid of seatbelt laws, most people would still wear them. It part of the culture at this point.

With drugs people should also be educated about the dangers and then allowed to do whatever they want
Read the definition once please. You're not avoiding taxes, you are avoiding trade regulations. As in, you are using your friend to avoid the regulation that minors can not buy alcohol.

And yes, OxyContin can be purchased legally, thank you.

If you are unwilling to admit even these minor points or comparisons, I really can't see how you are going to legitimately argue the case for legalization. You point to all the flaws in the current system, but then turn around and claim they will not happen in your idealized world.

And psychiatrists do prescribe drugs to make you feel better. That's the whole point of curing depression, relieving anxiety, etc.
You said:
&gt;Nobody is getting gunned down in the street for Vicodin, cops are not shooting little girls in the face during stakeouts of Oxycontin Houses.

Wikipedia said:
&gt;OxyContin has been the drug of greatest concern to enforcement authorities

Just pointing out your uninformed statements.
Hahaha end prohibition to stop funding organizaed crime? The government *is* organized crime. Don't lift up the rock if you don't want to see all the creepy crawlies
1.)Disagreeing with wikipedia does not make you uninformed. Often, it makes you right. Wikipedia is shit, and decent only for a quick overview of a subject you know little about.

2.) I doubt that Oxy is really the drug of greatest concern except in some really really whitebread gated communities. Show me ONE gang that traffics primarily in Oxy. Show me one shootout between cops and dealers that get most of their money from Oxy. Show me Oxy sniffing dogs.

Hell, even just show me a link to this wonderful wiki article of yours

Edit: Found it on my own. Those allegations are uncited.
The comparison is bad, the majority of people hate stealing and kiling, but a LOT love to get high.
Calling someone buying alcohol for you as create a black market is moronic.

And no - no matter how many times you say it, you cannot buy OxyContin without a valid medical prescription legally.

If that were true. Heroin would be legal also, so would cocaine - As you can get a prescription for those.
Cars are dangerous so we installed seatbelts, we didn't ban them altogether. Drugs are dangerous so let's make laws that minimize the harm.
heroin, cocaine, and meth do not make you a slave without freewill. This is drugwar propaganda. An adult who can go to the corner store for a pack of heroin can raise their kid just as well as those addicted to cigarettes today.

If hard drugs are legal and readily available then it's just as easy to turn to a 9-5 job to feed their habit. As with all drugs, a culture forms around them and right now under the current laws and economic circumstances that culture is harmful. By removing the stigma and extending help we can bring these people back into the fold of healthy society.

Hard drugs are not a special class of instant life ruining plant extracts. This is drug propaganda talking again.

drug abuse, like alcohol abuse, is not victimless but the majority of drug use is not abuse and is victimless.
Last I checked the us gov't spends 7 times as much on enforcement than on treatment. They do not care about helping people.
Sorry, you've been fooled by drug propaganda.

Not only are there casual users of all drugs but it's the drug war that encourages these hard forms of the drugs, since it's easier to smuggle 10 kilos of cocaine powder than the equivalent in coca leaves.

With a regulated market, hard drugs could be sold at different levels of concentration, from the raw plants (obviously nonplant drugs would be cut with something innert) up to their extracted forms. "hard drugs" is a product of the drug war just like hard liquor was a popularized during prohibition.
Which confuses me as both are illegal.

Generally, you're not supposed to do things that are illegal.
So just try to make Sex out of marriage illegal and enforce it, which is in a lot of countries but just not that enforced.
But such a thing is not in anyones interests.
actually alcohol is worse, since if you are addicted to it you can die from going cold turkey, whereas if you are a heroin addict and you go cold turkey you are unlikely to die.
prostitution is already legal in the uk, it's just not encouraged.
I dont think so, its just those escort services
pretty sure it's ok, perhaps advertising it as such isn't allowed though. i only know that it's legal within certain other rules such as no brothels being allowed etc.
&gt;Prostitution - exchanging participation in sexual activities for money or other goods - has always been legal in the UK

True,so its actually soliciting thats not allowed.How about in the US?
that was precisely my point.
No idea, I heard it was legal in vegas though? I don't live there.
Silence all who disagree with you. Good standards to live by ;)
Those people would be educated persons who do not abide laws, then, wouldn't they? Since.. you know, the whole *not* abiding laws thing that they do.
&gt;This is not a trade, you simply telling drug users how it’s going to be.
The trade is between restrictions on *my* legal freedoms, which I wouldn't use anyway, and *others*, who I feel would abuse them.

&gt; Inhaling certain vapors, swallowing certain pills, and chewing certain leaves causes no direct harm to anyone other then the person doing the action.
Come on, seriously? We're not talking about a little weed here, we're talking about hard drugs. These drugs *do* affect other people than just the person taking them. [Here](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/femail/article.html?in_article_id=554769&amp;in_page_id=1879) is a story about a girl with a psychological disorder who was put up for adoption because her mother was a drug addict. 

Go ahead and downmod me. I'm sure I missed your infallible point and there is absolutely no accuracy in my argument. Hard drugs are as harmful as cupcakes and I'm just a pathetic puppet that will justify anything.
Why must I provide sources for everything, when you have not bothered to provide a single citation for anything? (Don't bother starting now.)

You have deviated from the argument intended. The point was to show a black market does and will continue to exist for legal drugs. That was all.
&gt; 2. If hard drugs are legally available but cost money to obtain, then individuals with addictions will always ultimately run out of money and turn to crime to feed the habit.

Cigarettes cost money and are addictive.  But they're cheap enough that people don't run out of money on them.  Drugs are expensive because they're illegal.

Then again, I've run out of money feeding my Coca-Cola habit several times.
Yes, and mine was that all black markets are not created equal, and that total bans place the entire process, from creation to final distibution into the hands of various criminal empires, whereas legalizing would remove all but possibly the last step from those individuals.
You sir are a fool, I downmoded you because of your astounding idiocy.
Yes yes, one sensationalist article from a tabloid newspaper where the girls problems were caused more by a paranoid schizophrenic then her drug addicted mom. "Hard drugs are as harmful as cupcakes" Correction cupcakes kill more people then all hard drugs combined http://healthlink.mcw.edu/article/1031002183.html compared to 4,000 deaths per year for all illegal drugs combined. Thats nearly 100 deaths attributed to obesity for ever 1 death attributed to any illegal substance.

Heres a short of list of things you support if you happen to support drug prohibition.

1. You support clogging our prisons and jails with nonviolent people. 

2.You support organized crime and drug cartels. 

3. You support environmental destruction. 

4. You support drug dealers and street gangs. 

5. You subsidize criminals by letting them reap huge drug profits without paying taxes. 


This is the only part of your argument that even glances at logic "I'm sure I missed your infallible point and there is absolutely no accuracy in my argument."

Summary:
It is a very bad drug.
Legal if you have a prescription.
If I get hidden you get hidden too.
If they were legal - yes.
It would be like prescription medication.
I live in the UK.
Alcohol is legal, There is no black market for alcohol.
I don't see how any rational person can support drugs remaining illegal.
drug abuse, like alcohol abuse, is not victimless but the majority of drug use is not abuse and is victimless.
It's the other people who matter.
I agree there really is no rational reason to prohibit drug use by adults.
Fact is, drugs feel good.
&gt; I don't see how any rational person can support drugs remaining illegal.
I hope you take a lot of drugs.
It's the person and their choices who are responsible, not the drug.
Heroin and cocaine were once legal in the US.
There'd still be people doing meth and crack and the other very dangerous drugs.
I don't think you understand how cheap Heroin could be made if it was legal.
People are going to do things they want to do, whether they like it or not.
Drug abuse -- a medical problem

3.
People only care when they get caught.
Drug abuse is not a victimless crime.
So there are people that do and do not abide laws.
The point was to show a black market does and will continue to exist for legal drugs.
Don't allow drugs to be advertised.
&gt; I don't see how any rational person can support alcohol remaining illegal.
There are, in fact, many more casual users of heroin than addicts.
i'm about to do so too.
&gt;Alcohol is legal, There is no black market for alcohol.
I agree it's possible to use drugs with some self control.
Any drug you use can make you high.
So a government's choice is not between, as you say, allowing people to choose drugs or making them illegal.
You can think of it as 3 things.
The government *is* organized crime.
They do it here in the UK with alcohol.
What makes anyone think that the gangsters would actually let us legalize drugs at this point?
Know how
many there are?
I can live with a perscription drug style black market.
The only problem with heroin addiction is running out of heroin.
What do you think the rate would be for a highly addictive drug?
Psychiatrists don't prescribe drugs to make you feel better.
I think there should be an license system in place.
Psychiatrists can prescribe drugs to people who are simply wanting *to feel better*.
Get the *jail time* out of it please.
Drugs are dangerous so let's make laws that minimize the harm.
If the answer is no the action is legal, if the answer is yes the action is illegal.
Drug policy in the UK currently does.
I know exactly what Heroin does to people - It appears you do not though.
If you're caught buying for someone without a license you get jail time.
So no, prescriptions don't get rid of the problem.
They do not care about helping people.
I realize some people won't.
I doubt that people who currently abuse alchohol and cigarettes will stop once they start using other drugs...
You go to a doctor.
I Do Not support a full out legalization of drugs.
It must do something otherwise why would people use it?
Cigarettes cost money and are addictive.
Tell them how little effect it has on people.
it would be good if people emailed him with your support.
With drugs people should also be educated about the dangers and then allowed to do whatever they want.
My point is the same: The only thing legalization would do is lower the price.
Try talking to an addict at some point.
If you are going to argue for legalization, all I am asking for is that you use legitimate arguments.
And psychiatrists do prescribe drugs to make you feel better.
Heroin would be legal also, so would cocaine - As you can get a prescription for those.
What do you think somebody would do if they started abusing drugs, and then got their license revoked?
Surely it would cause all kinds of damage, if more people had easier access to drugs.
I'm not sure if I could stand that.
The issue of drug using and harm to society has been well hashed out.
Drugs are expensive because they're illegal.
I'm sure dealing will still happen to people without a license.
No more so than an alcoholic.
I think it's a fair trade.
You would know exactly what you were dosing.
The war on drugs is making a lot of people rich in this country.
&gt; we could issue drug licenses ... which would be revoked in the event of abuse.
Do you realize what it does to people?
Prescriptions are *not* identical to drug licenses, because "I want to get high" is not considered a medical necessity, but people do it anyway.
It is easier to get weed than alcohol when under-aged.
Sick people don't get better in prison.
This is not a trade, you simply telling drug users how it’s going to be.
People that are educated and do abide laws will be likely to stay away from these drugs regardless of their legal status as well.
I can say this with experience.
It wouldn't take drugs out of the hands of criminal empires.
Do you realise what heroin does to people?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.05
