Original Response:
Show it? Now that's just crazytalk. Why would they do that? It may put national security at risk, or cause people to sign mortgages that will rise unexpectedly, or make baseball players sleep with many women and use steroids. These random things are all equally ridiculous, and the government is living under a shroud of secrecy. While we'd like to get a more open and honest view of our leaders, it's just not going to happen
If Russia came to Mexico and Canada, we would probably have Americans, official or not, fucking around in both nations.
It's going to take a few weeks to prepare the evidence now that the Hollywood writer's strike is over.

Please be patient.
Snow me your proofs.
Your proofs:  Show them to me.
Sometimes, showing this kind of national security evidence can be a bad idea.  There are often cases where an agent or operation will be compromised by disclosure, and that particular source of info will be cut off.

EDIT: I'm being downmodded for this, and can't understand why.  After all, it is a fact.  Would any of the downmodders tell me why?
Show what? C`Mon dude! They are islamic, for them is proof enough...
Every time?
[deleted]
It is in national interest not to show. /Sarcasm
Exactly. If Canada were being invaded, do you think America(ns) would just sit idly by?

On second thought, don't answer that.
Breaking: [leaked image](http://images.petter-brodin.net/talibiran.html) from US secretary of fear demonstrates Iran/Taliban link.
Breaking, Iran is a [threat](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBGIQ7ZuuiU)
Funny, the image quality of that image ranks up there with the cgi used in Colin Powell's UN presentation lol...
Yes, free clipart has certain drawbacks :(
&gt;Exactly. If Canada were being invaded, do you think America(ns) would just sit idly by?

Yes.  They have their hands full the war on Iraq.
[deleted]
Right, let them show it to this foaming-at-the-mouth blogger, because he might actually change his mind in face of overwhelming evidence.
Hah! The best evidence is that Taliban killed 9 Iranian diplomats in the Iranian embassy when they arrived in Kabul.
Actually, if anyone invaded Canada, it would *be* the United States. We're just waiting for a good excuse.
ok, so who's after iran? china? then?
There is, however, a past Taliban - U.S. connection, much stronger.  The U.S. got the Taliban funded and started, largely funneled through Pakistan.  And our erstwhile allies in Pakistan still have ties to the Taliban.  

Our big allies in the region are Sunni, not Shia. It's more likely that we are funding the Taliban  to destabilize Iran (at least indirectly) than the other way 'round.
If the Iranis could settle their differences with Saddam Hussein, who invaded their country on the orders of the country that had subjected them to a tyrannical puppet government and dragged them in a nearly decade long war, to form an "Axis of Evil", do you really think it's hard for Iran to work with the Taliban? Iran will do anything to harm us. Remember they took our hostages.
They are working together right now in Iraq,
in a positive constructive way. Al Sadr has even agreed to join in.

But, my main thought is this aspect of the argument is not needed.

It is enough to say that this administration
has no more do-overs on "trust me".

I accepted the WMD assertions. I studied the levels of breakdown that resulted in that fiasco.

I want to see the evidence.
How did the Taliban get to Iraq again?
This issue concerns Afghanistan. 

I think aah4 is correct,throwing a wrench in our gears is in Iran's interest. They will work with anyone to accomplish that. I have no difficulty believing this.

Nevertheless,for me,I need to see the evidence.
Upmodded for the gentle sarcasm.
I think aah4 is being incredibly sarcastic, since the "Axis of Evil" only happened as hyperbole in a speech, not in reality.
They used this excuse before invading Iraq.

They told us that they had conclusive proof that Iraq had Nuclear/Biological/Chemical weapons but that they couldn't show us the proof.

Obviously, they lied about that evidence, they hid it because it was weak -- based on unreliable sources and forged documents.

Additionally, techniques exist to clean intelligence of this sort.  Use information gained from a covert source to guide an overt investigation and present the findings of the overt investigation -- that, in general, protects the covert source.

Edited to add: I have neither modded you up nor down.
Perhaps he was. But it is North Korea and Iran right now who are attempting to spread Nuclear weapons around,that is it.
No other country is doing this,right now.

As far as the other issues,a million and a half died in the brutal Iran-Iraq war. 

Iranians are Persian,not Arab.
What is their  interest? Why would they be so concerned?

The point was,Sunni and Shia could not possibly work together.
This is obviously not true,and ignores the other glaring facts.

But,still,I agree. I want to see proof that the Iranians are now fricking around in Afghanistan.
I totally agree with everything in your post.  My point was that not exposing the source of evidence has nothing to do at all with the credibility of the evidence.  It must be analyzed based on other factors.
[deleted]
Even if they did show it, would anyone really believe what they say? As I recall, they showed plenty of evidence for WMDs in Iraq. THAT sure turned out well.
Just wait for some progressive PM to nationalize those oil supplies in Alberta.

If peak oil is true (and I think it is), it isn't crazy to assume they would save their supply for themselves.
Like, uh, when Valerie Plame's cover was blown at the behest of Darth Cheney himself after her husband confirmed the "Nigerian yellow cake" story was just as fraudulent as Saddam Hussein's WMDs?
Fool me once...
As opposed to the Allies of Evil, which called themselves, oddly enough, "The Coalition of the Willing" to violate the Geneva Convention.
the only connection they share is a common ancestor
the only connection they share is a common ancestor
&gt;But it is North Korea and Iran right now who are attempting to spread Nuclear weapons around,that is it.

Oddly enough, Pakistan, led by a dictator who gained power via a military coup overthrowing a democratically elected government, recieved technology from North Korea on the black market and thus were able to develope a nuclear program and have not signed the NPT.

Iran on the other hand is a Nuclear Proliferation Treaty signant, have never refused to admit weapons inspectors from the IAEA and have repeatedly expressed their desire to use nuclear power only for peaceful purposes.  Ahmedinejad's speech on "wiping Israel from the face of the earth" was purposefully and fraudulently misinterpreted in order to gain wide public support for an attack against Iran.

Let no man decieve you..

Google and think.
National Security is key.

If Americans knew the truth, National Security would be threatened.
Not to mention American Idol, Dancing with the Stars, NFL, NASCAR, WWF, NBA, NHL ...
we have all the proof we need! and they're classified.

/sarcasm

but I believe that iran want nukes. you can't trust religious fanatics. they need nukes to realize allah's wishes. fucking religion.
against infidels?

you made me laugh. thanks.
i'll show you mine if you show me yours

lol
please, remember that when you tried, we burned your white house to the ground! but it was a long time ago...
shame on — shame on you. Fool me — you can't get fooled again.
Raise your hand if you think there is absolutely no connection b/t Iran and the Taliban.  What, no hands?  

Get ready for another dubious ['smoking gun'](http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/meast/03/11/Iraq.Qaeda.link/) justifying war...
Eh? Thought that was the British? 1812?

We don't pay much attention to history here, please enlighten.
&gt;Eh? Thought that was the British? 1812?

That's correct.  Canada didn't become an official country until 1867.  HOWEVER.  It's not like in 1867 we just snapped our fingers and all magically appeared here.  We essentially were already Canada.  We were Canada the Colony, not the Dominion of Canada.
&gt;If peak oil is true (and I think it is), it isn't crazy to assume they would save their supply for themselves.

Yes it's crazy to assume that.  We're better of selling it to energy hungry americans and finding our own sources of energy like hydro/solar/wind.  Saskatchewan is a rather huge province that could support quite a few wind turbines.
SOooo Iran helped us overthrow the Taliban after 9/11 to what? Lull us into a sense of false security so they could help them later if they weren't completely destroyed? cmon
I'm an energy hungry America :(

Anyways, outside of the Martimes, EVERY one of your provinces is huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuge.
Well, dang. The [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_of_1812) article on this was pretty good. The defense of Canada is as impressive to me as burning the White House down.

Okay, now back to calling you a bunch of sissy fags (just kidding).
Not to mention American Idol, Dancing with the Stars, NFL, NASCAR, WWF, NBA, NHL ...
with pleasure sir, it was august 19th 1814:

August 19:  The Canadian allied forces landed Patuxent River putting the US Army on the run.  They then marched on Washington D.C. after defeating the US Army at Blansburg, Maryland.  The capital of the United States fell to the Canadians and the President and his family fled the Whitehouse.  Washington D.C. was burned, the Whitehouse and nearly every public building was also burnt.  This was in retaliation for the United States burning of York (Toronto) of Upper Canada.  Unfortunately the Library of Congress containing 3,000 books was also burnt.  The Whitehouse got its name as it was painted white to cover the Canadian burn marks.  It stands as a reminder of the infamous attack on Canada.

http://www.telusplanet.net/public/dgarneau/french42.htm
Still waiting on 9/11 - Iraq.
&gt; Iran right now who are attempting to spread Nuclear weapons around

Erm, Iran don't have a nuclear weapon, the IAEA are increasingly happy that they don't have a military program, and there is zero evidence that they are engaged in proliferation.

&gt; I want to see proof that the Iranians are now fricking around in Afghanistan.

I am sure the US can go to the UN with another Powerpoint presentation...
Hmmmm.... "Canadian burn marks"? I assume these were identifiable by their Maple-leaf shape :)

From another [wikipedia article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burning_of_Washington)
"A legend emerged that during the rebuilding of the structure white paint was applied to mask the burn damage it had suffered, giving the building its namesake hue. This is unfounded as the building had been painted white since its construction in 1798."

And I wonder how many actual Canadian ancestors were in DC, and how many went back to England.. but I'll still grant the Canadians their due for some well-documented ass-kicking up north. 

Wondering how French Canadians fit into this. Wondering how Arcadians from LA. fit into this too...
I agree, we shall never know for sure for history is written differently depending on which side you're on.

I commend your awareness tough.
thanks for your reply.
Obviously you don't get the way the game is played. It's not about an actual Iran-Taliban Connection. It's about creating a mindset where not more than a certain threshold of the population will go to the streets in case the US should attack Iran.


If people hear the phrase "Iran is a threat to our security because they captured Superman" often enough in the media they will tell that their (very few) neighbours which are inviting them to come to Washington with them to light some cars on fire.
There were still many non-Christians in the world during the thirty-years war.  To fundamentalists, cleaning your own house often seems to come first.
*Raises hand*.  Unless you mean that they're both Muslim, which is the same type of connection Jack Chick has with the Vatican.

Summary:
I want to see the evidence.
It is in national interest not to show.
If Canada were being invaded, do you think America(ns) would just sit idly by?
we have all the proof we need!
Your proofs:  Show them to me.
/sarcasm

but I believe that iran want nukes.
Actually, if anyone invaded Canada, it would *be* the United States.
They used this excuse before invading Iraq.
It's not about an actual Iran-Taliban Connection.
Why would they do that?
I want to see proof that the Iranians are now fricking around in Afghanistan.
&gt; I want to see proof that the Iranians are now fricking around in Afghanistan.
As I recall, they showed plenty of evidence for WMDs in Iraq.
How did the Taliban get to Iraq again?
They have their hands full the war on Iraq.
If peak oil is true (and I think it is), it isn't crazy to assume they would save their supply for themselves.
Raise your hand if you think there is absolutely no connection b/t Iran and the Taliban.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
