Original Response:
[deleted]
Thats good right? 1 in 351 is less people than 1 in 350.
Getting on the watch list appears to be relatively easy. All Americans should try and get themselves on the watch list. As you get closer to having 1 in 1 American on the watch list, then it becomes useless.
That sounds about right. How can I get my mother-in-law on this list?
I bought a large amount of pocket constitutions and handed them out to family and friends. Here's to hoping I made the list! :D
How can I verify if I'm on the list?
Double secret probation.

Seriously, what good is a watch list if 1 in 350 are on it?
Or fewer...
[deleted]
Thats the scary thing...
The numbers are growing faster than ever... Which means... They will be watching every American soon enough.
Wow, it'll be just like England.
If you don't watch fox news enough...
Your mother-in-law *wrote* the list.
My friend got on that watch list just for having a last name that sounded like the war criminal Slobodan Milošević.  Anybody can be on it, you don't even have to try.
That bitch! It wouldn't surprise me.
Its the only way really --- enough people wearing "yellow stars" and they look like less of a friendly target.  

You know . . . if they could just issue cards to the folks on the list, we could identify one another at parties . . . that could be kind of cool :)
Who has a name like . . .  Milosevic?  And where did you get the s with a smile on top.  I like that one.
Looks like I'm one in a million!
What seems useless to you and me seems like a great excuse to heavily monitor every single citizen to the government. 

Not that I oppose your idea in theory, though. I hope I am on the list! :)
Let's just add everyone in the world so we know that we got them all. Simple really.
Soon, it will match the number of americans in prison.

_because america will be a prison_
&gt;What seems useless to you and me seems like a great excuse to heavily monitor every single citizen to the government.

Might also prove that government doesn't represent the people any more...
It's from the "Happy Letters" keyboard collection. On sale now at a retailer near you.
Now, I'm starting to worry about those people NOT on the list.  I mean, why aren't they good enough to be on the list.  If the whole American populous ends up on the Government watch list and my jerk neighbor doesn't, we're just gonna have to run him out of town.  Get with the program people, the only safe place to be is under the watchful eye of the government.  YES!
Wasn't this article on the front page a matter of no more than seven days ago? I hate to be "that guy," but I generally have a hard time recognizing exact layouts and content a week after reading an article. The fact that I can remember this one so completely just shows that this is getting ridiculous.
I've been on the list for a couple of years now. I was put on it because my now ex worked for the ACLU.

It means you get hassled at airports and your banking is monitored.

It's a pain in the ass.

But better on it than not!
well 1 in 100 are in jail so why not.
*Seriously, what good is a watch list if 1 in 350 are on it?*

It's good for the fascist pigs that want an excuse for blanket surveillance of each and every American citizen.

This isn't about terrorists.  It never was.
We have a winner!
[deleted]
How can I tell if I'm on the watch list?
Wasn't it 1 in 300 last time?

Or was that how many were incarcerated?

I swear I saw something just like this only a month or two ago, but it was definitely 1 in 300 whatever it was.
Will be? You say that like it's not here already.
It's not 1 in every 350 Americans, it's 1 million *people* from the entire planet Earth, regardless of country of residence. This guy pulled the "Americans" bit out of his paranoid asshole.

The vast majority of these are various Iraqis and Afghanis encountered by US troops in the field. Probably a bunch of Indonesians, Egyptians, Lebanese and Saudis as well.
Hey, so does anyone have a link to this watchlist so I can check which of my 350 friends to be careful around?
Seems like an appropriate opportunity to advocate a [general strike](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_strike).
Hell no, the more people are on there (and no one eveer gets removed) the easier it is for any goverment part to acces any information related with your name.
[deleted]
Was it Ron Paul's King James version of the constitution or the real one?
England watches every American?
1 in 100 incarcerated. 
http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;q=1+in+100+incarcerated
or
http://www.fuckinggoogleit.com/
1 in 300 will yell "this is sparta" when they hear the number 300.

Nah, its way more than that.
Also, what's the deal with airplane food?
I bet that Burger King guy is on it.

Guy gives me the creeps.
&gt; 1 in every 350 Americans is on the Government "Watch List"... and the Number Is Growing!!!

I'm glad to hear that the ratio of people on the list is shrinking.
And as a special "Thank You", the top commentor to this story gets to be on the Watch List, too.  ...oh wait...
*The vast majority of these are various Iraqis and Afghanis encountered by US troops in the field.* 

Do you have a link to back this up?  I can't see how you *could*, seeing as how the contents of the Watch List are secret...

*Probably a bunch of Indonesians, Egyptians, Lebanese and Saudis as well.*

Again, any links?  Anything to back up this speculation?
Do you have any links to back up that these are Americans? Anything to back up this speculation?
I'm not the one claiming these are Americans.  You're the one claiming they're not.

You're the one that made the claim.  It's up to you to back it up.
[deleted]
I'm sure 1 out of 3 redditors are on this list!
&gt;5 percent or 22,500 are thought to be in the United States.

http://www.washingtontimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20080411/NATION/789092348/1001
[deleted]
Does this mean you're retracting your earlier proclamation?  "Thought to be" != "are".
Better yet, we should ALL try to get on it - then it would just be a list of everyone which would put us right back at square one!
If that will make you happy, Trip Master.
Actually, it would.

While you're entirely correct that the jump the author made from "1 million people" to "1 million Americans" is erroneous, it's almost as erroneous to portray educated guesses about the makeup of the list as hard fact.  The simple fact is: no *knows* how many of these alleged "terrorists" are American citizens, since our government has chosen not to disclose that information.
Just Allah bomb terrorist overthrow put in some white noise here and attack suicide bomb there.
What can I do to get on the list ? I'm not an American. I want to be important !
If the purpose of this Watch List is to alert authorities to impending catastrophe, then this is bad news.  I think the sweet spot of watched Americans to all Americans has already been passed.

What I mean by sweet spot is signal-to-noise ratio.  What if the Watch List contained the names of 1 in 2 Americans?  Would the Secret Service be tipped off to converge on a Dennys every other day because by chance 20 watched Americans had gathered together in the same place at the same time?  There is obviously a point at which adding names to the list is by no means helpful to law enforcement.

I think that the perverse incentives in law enforcement have created this problem, and now they keep adding names gladly to quicken its demise.  The perverse incentive is CYA.  If somebody did some troublemaker type of thing in the past, and you the law-enforcement officer didn't add their name to the list, and then that troublemaker went on to be involved in something nasty, then you the law-enforcement officer get into trouble.  There is no disincentive to add a name to the list.  So all sorts of people find their way onto it.  Law-enforcement officers, getting tired of enforcing travel bans and the like because of this beast, might even step up efforts to add names so that they can finally justify ignoring it.
O dear god. The assumption that the list is comprised mostly of Iraqi's and Afghani's (after 6 years of war there?) is not that far fetched.
...and 3 out of 1 dyslexics.
You wake up one day, don't remember the night before, and you walk kinda funny.
[deleted]
He made the anti-claim, not the initial claim, and it would not therefore be his responsibility to back it up.

If only 5% are Americans, then his initial claim that the vast majority were not Americans was true by any standard.
&gt; *"The assumption that the list is comprised mostly of Iraqi's and Afghani's (after 6 years of war there?) is not that far fetched."*

Don't think you can assume ANYTHING about our Government unless you have access to the basement of the Pentagon.
[deleted]
which number?  1 or 350?
We can all be terrorists. All you have to do is ask, "WHERE IS THE RAGE?!?!"
I'm not on it. I took someone's bet a long time ago and emailed the DHS and they finally got back to me and said that I'm not on the list as far as THEY know because THEY don't have the list...the FBI does....off to check the FBI....
1 in every 1 Redditor is on the Government "Watch List."
In other news, 1 in 350 Americans read Reddit at least once a week.
You know, if *everyone* was on the government "watch list" than *nobody* would be.

Think about it....

Yeah.....
Yes: Bunch of Assholes.
1 in 350 is very low... that's .286%
Or... a TERRORIST!
I think we all know how this ends.
Ironically the neocons would force people who don't fully support Israel to wear the yellow stars this time. Also, they want to treat American dissenters like they treat the Palestinians.
Is this where we sign up for the list?
I sent an FOIA request to the NSA to see if I could get my hands on the Terror Watch List and the DHS sent me a letter that said I should direct my request to the FBI. So I did. In summation; I'm on it.
That's nothing, three times that many are in prison.
Yeah, I'm on it too.  I found out when I wasn't allowed to check-in to my flight online.  I went to the airport and bitched and moaned and the ticket lady finally realized I was on the "naughty list" as she put it.

They don't tell you why you were put on the list, but I've traveled to a few countries where pork is illegal, so that's probably the reason.
&gt;  probably the reason.

Do not ever underestimate the far reaching arm of the all powerful NPPC (http://www.nppc.org/)
A terrist winrar?!?!
You're right there...
The walls surrounding what we call prisons will serve a dual purpose, to keep the inmates from getting out and to keep the rest of the country from getting in for the guaranteed roof over your head, three squares a day, and free health care.  (We hear you get to like the forced sex after a while.)
Actually, the list is a list of *names*... so if John Smith is on the list, that's easily a million people right there.
&gt;(We hear you get to like the forced sex after a while.)

As long as they call me pretty in the morning.
Ah damnit, I'm probably one of them thanks to all the guns I look at on the internet.
what happens if someone launches a campaign to get everyone to google "how to make a suitcase nuke" and "Plane Hijacking 101"
If *everyone* was on the watch list then the government could justify monitoring *anyone*.

Hope you don't have any well-connected enemies...
Fuck you and your common sense.

Can't you see we're having a good political masturbatory session over this poorly written article?

Summary:
What can I do to get on the list ?
I hope I am on the list!
All Americans should try and get themselves on the watch list.
I'm not the one claiming these are Americans.
Seriously, what good is a watch list if 1 in 350 are on it?
*Seriously, what good is a watch list if 1 in 350 are on it?
How can I tell if I'm on the watch list?
How can I get my mother-in-law on this list?
It's up to you to back it up.
&gt; 1 in every 350 Americans is on the Government "Watch List"... and the Number Is Growing!!!
1 in every 1 Redditor is on the Government "Watch List."
Looks like I'm one in a million!
How can I verify if I'm on the list?
What if the Watch List contained the names of 1 in 2 Americans?
You know, if *everyone* was on the government "watch list" than *nobody* would be.
I mean, why aren't they good enough to be on the list.
They will be watching every American soon enough.
Do you have any links to back up that these are Americans?
If *everyone* was on the watch list then the government could justify monitoring *anyone*.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
