Original Response:
I see AIPAC is hard at work in Canada.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
So this university has just declared itself irrelevant. It's like the Kansas schools declaring their students unqualified once they take evolution out of the classrooms.
Protip: If you don't consider a 50% tax rate to be socialism then you are not a pro.
Well, I see the leftist conspiracy theorists are out in force today.  That's, what, 3 "Israel is evil" articles already today?  Guys, you had your quota filled with the first one to make it to the front page.
this is exactly the same type of statements made by those who defended South Africa's Apartheid ... how sad
[deleted]
I like how the website iraq-war.ru is Russian. Sure the Russians are real lovers of human rights.

edit: Truth hurts eh comrades?
[deleted]
Funny, the more that the powers that be try to silence Israel's evil policies, the more that the rest of the world wakes up to them.
People like Dick Cheney.
They're right. Anything other than "genocide" is just offensive.
The concept of "hate speech" has no place in a free world.
You can have free speech and hate speech or neither.
I live in Toronto.  The school was irrelevant before this happened :)
Don't you know? On reddit [every country](http://reddit.com/info/6h3qi/comments/c03tnmo) on earth have more human rights than the US.
Don't equate some dick university in Toronto with broadly held Canadian opinion. These institutions, disproportionately in Toronto, routinely phuck up plans for open forums on issues. It's been a problem for years. Uni's like Ryerson and U of T especially are considered a bit of a joke by alumni at other campuses.
York University has always been useless.
Wow you people sure love your delusions.
Nation of complicit prison guards.
I'm just waiting for Political Correctness to double back on itself. I'll know that has happened when the term "hate speech" is banned because it makes neo-nazis feel bad.
hate speech incites people to act violently, freedom of expression does not cover your freedom to provoke attacks. It's like openly planning a riot and claiming it's 'free speech'. Your right to express your views is not the same as trying to break the law.

The issue here is 'Israeli Apartheid' is not hate speech though it has been deemed as such.
I think every 50 years or so a government should be forced to wipe away all laws and start new again, from the ground up. Just to counter stupid stuff like this.
Take into account all the taxes, property, sales, import, export, and you're paying upwards of 40%
Holy wall of text batman!
Same or more in this country, unless you're super-rich and have an attorney shelter is all away or live off the fake earnings of capital gains.
Openly planning a riot is not a hate speech. I'm sure there are laws that cover that case already (like conspiracy to commit ...).
[deleted]
Sounds fair to me. Such loaded terms have no place in scholarly publications.
by definition, it does (in some ways).

assuming that the concept of freedom is based on the concept of liberty...

...individuals are only free to do things which to not impinge on others freedom. This is the basis of the legal system (ideally, but that's another story). 

You are not free to go out and kill someone, as this impinges on their freedom (as they're dead). You are not free to go steal a car, as it impinges on the owners freedom (indirectly).

Hence, it follows, with not too much imagination, that promoting hate towards other people, would impinge on those other peoples freedom. Hence, making hate speech is not an expression of individual freedom. This is interpreted as such, and that's why it's illegal. (though defining what is hate speech is not something i'd ever want to be responsible for).

The concept of liberty places these clear restrictions on individual freedom. The United States, and most of the Western World, is based on the principle of liberty (freedom, unless it interferes with anothers freedom).

Without this restriction on our freedoms, we would be living in an anarchy.

In conclusion, 'absolute' individual freedom is not an ideal to aspire to. :P

references:

[One](http://books.google.ca/books?id=9xARAAAAYAAJ&amp;dq=on+liberty&amp;pg=PP1&amp;ots=UVdyzxu657&amp;sig=nHN4C0HIsQfSeQl9lDL9wxU0qBw&amp;hl=en&amp;prev=http://www.google.ca/search?hl=en&amp;q=on+liberty&amp;btnG=Google+Search&amp;sa=X&amp;oi=print&amp;ct=title&amp;cad=one-book-with-thumbnail#PPA9,M1) - page 7 and 8

[or if you're lazy, and want the direct quote, along with an explanation of it...](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harm_principle)

edit - merged two comments together
have you read any of the 'god hates america' press releases about how they're going to go out and protest at soldiers funerals?
Welcome to reality.
Why do you hate speech?
I disagree. "hate speech" doesn't "impinge" on others freedoms unless it involves personal threats, or is slanderous in some way. There are already laws against threats and slander, we don't need more laws, especially bogus laws like those against "hate speech". I agree with jimmiss, "you can have free speech and hate speech or neither".
What your comment has to do with the comment you linked to shall remain a mystery.
[deleted]
&gt;"hate speech incites people to act violently..."

Not necessarily, and hate speech IS freedom of expression.

I hate greedy people.

There, now I've done it, arrest me.

The problem is, if "hate speech" is illegal, many will twist the definition of "hate speech" to fit their agenda (ironically, likely against people they disagree with or "hate"), and down the slippery slope we go.

If negative speech against the Israeli government is considered hate speech and illegal, how long before speech against your own government is considered illegal?

     edit:clarity
well, let's define hate speech clearly before we go on. for simplicity sake, let's use the [definition in Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hate_speech) (other are welcome too).

*Hate speech is a term for speech intended to degrade, intimidate, or incite violence or prejudicial action against a person or group...*

at the very least, incitement of violence is definitely restricting the freedom of others, no matter what definition you go by.

Of course though, the type of speech that is being labeled 'hate speech' by this university is almost impossible to seriously label 'hate speech,' unless you're a small university looking for attention ;)
What? just like how George Bush did?
I'm not sure how you can say that about the university that takes up half of Toronto's downtown and whose professors are perpetually quoted in the media as sources for almost everything...
&gt;"have you read any of the 'god hates america' press releases about how they're going to go out and protest at soldiers funerals?"

What's you point?
It doesn't have anything to do with Israeli Apartheid or Palestinian rights- there's a huge discussion (and lawsuits) going on about "hate speech" and free speech.  A lot of issues are getting caught in the crossfire, and it will be interesting to see how it plays out.
In a way I agree, and so does Thomas Jefferson. A bit of revolution to force the government to set laws right is likely a very good thing.

"The spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions, that I wish it to be always kept alive. It will often be exercised when wrong, but better so than not to be exercised at all. I like a little rebellion now and then. It is like a storm in the atmosphere." --Thomas Jefferson to Abigail Adams, 1787.
A while ago, an ad ran in the University of Toronto's main newspaper (The Varsity) from the Friends of Simon Wiesenthal Foundation, saying our student union had been campaigning for various named anti-semitic causes.... it turned out no such thing had ever happened, and the whole story was completely fabricated.

Around the same time there was a talk by a famous Palestinian about activism in Palestine or something; the University organized $500+ of security and sent the student group the bill, which essentially crippled them.

While I'm at it I feel like I should say that the *huge* majority of students don't give a fuck about any of this. Most students care about nothing beyond their debt, their lack of a future job and their plans for next weekend.
As an anarchist I disagree, we don't need regulation on what we can say or they'll be adding exceptions until public assembly is forbidden.

As a European that lives under these regulations, I can understand the justification but still fear this conditioning might expand.

People in Europe don't realize how repressive their state actually is.
I hate "love speech" and I love "hate speech".
Define "hate speech"? That is the problem; I guess you know it when you hear it?

I wish "hate speech" would incite prejudicial action against a group, specifically, this administration in the U.S.
I'm pretty sure the activists at U of T are considered a bit of a joke by everyone else, too
Hence, it follows, with out too much imagination, that only the chosen ones have the  patent to define what is hate speech is.
What baffles me is how the Israeli press (like Ha'aretz) and Israeli academia (Ilan Pappe, Tel Aviv U, etc.) are able to be more critical of Israel's policies than anything in America (or apparently Canada) can be
that's the problem with anything legal - how do you define it? I would say that 'Israel Apartheid' is probably not hate speech. But someone saying that Jews are evil and need to be exterminated probably is hate speech. Zionist conspiracy statements fall somewhere in the middle (though obviously the people who believe them wouldn't think this ;) )
As an aside to other things...

My view on anarchy is that it could potentially work in if the world was ultra-low population, with very few people. Where a lot of people were on their own for the most of the time, in other words. 

However, I can't see if being feasible in the modern world, especially in urban (or even rural for that matter) societies. There are just too many people. The only systems of government and law that work above a certain critical density are ones where the behaviour of the individuals is such that, if everyone acted that way, the society wouldn't fall apart. 

I can't see anarchy as being a way to generate good among a society, as i don't see a society as being stable, if every individual acted as an anarchist.

What are your thoughts, as an anarchist, on that? Or am I missing a premise here that makes all that invalid?
So it's socialism if tax rates are 50%? What if it's 1%, and none of it goes to support a welfare state but instead fund state owned enterprise, what does that make it?

Do you realize the US has a corporatist policy of funding private companies with public money? How come that does not qualify as communism in your point of view?
[deleted]
The article is a bit of a brick, and that comment had me confused at first as well, but it's not U of T, it's McMaster.

&gt; One of the most shocking indications of this repressive atmosphere is 
&gt; a campaign by Zionist organizations to convince university 
&gt; administrations to ban the phrase "Israeli Apartheid". At McMaster 
&gt; University in Hamilton, for example, students organizing IAW events on 
&gt; their campuses were issued with a letter from the Provost office 
&gt; informing them that the university had banned the term "Israeli 
&gt; Apartheid" from use by student clubs.
Except that the headline is actually referring to McMaster, not U of T.

&gt; One of the most shocking indications of this repressive atmosphere is 
&gt; a campaign by Zionist organizations to convince university 
&gt; administrations to ban the phrase "Israeli Apartheid". At McMaster 
&gt; University in Hamilton, for example, students organizing IAW events on 
&gt; their campuses were issued with a letter from the Provost office 
&gt; informing them that the university had banned the term "Israeli 
&gt; Apartheid" from use by student clubs.
Really? But then it doesn't matter if 2sjh1 lives in Toronto or not. 

What's "McMaster University", anyway? Never heard of it =D
&gt; At McMaster University in Hamilton

;)

(PS: [Map](http://maps.google.ca/maps?f=q&amp;hl=en&amp;geocode=&amp;q=university+of+toronto+to+mcmaster+university&amp;sll=49.891235,-97.15369&amp;sspn=61.486491,94.394531&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;t=h&amp;z=10))

They don't even have a computer science program, so who cares? &gt;_&gt;
I'm going to have to agree, *genocide* or *apartheid* does not describe accurately what is clearly dispossession of land, occupation and exile.
The article also discusses U of T at length though; wrt Israeli Apartheid Week. I think 2sjh1 was talking about U of T since McMaster isn't even in Toronto

&gt;Israeli Apartheid Week. First undertaken at the University of Toronto

etc etc
Except that this WASN'T HATE SPEECH.
Didn't you know Israel is immune from any and all crimes?
Can't have restrictions on free speech like this, folks.. this is what happens.  Just gotta live with assholes I'm afraid.
It would be nice if it was built-in, rather than requiring rivers of blood.
The more I learn about Jefferson the more I revere him.
No, I mean like how George Washington did.
I agree. 

As you should be able to see by the fact my comment is a response to rmuser, my comment was in response to the statement:

&gt;*The concept of "hate speech" has no place in a free world*

I agree that in this case, definition as 'hate speech' was stupid. I disagree that the existence of 'hate speech' as a crime or whatnot, has no place in western society.
The huge majority of North Americans have tunnel vision: they are mpervious to global trends and don't care about anything that doesn't immediately affect their little worlds. They've been led to this via a [century of brainwashing](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=8953172273825999151) and are now very easy prey.
[deleted]
Wouldn't it be more appropriate to classify an incitement to violence as more of a conspiracy to that end?
I was having a similar discussion a few weeks ago, and someone linked me to this wiki page:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunbars_number
No seriously, Iraq-War.RU  WHAT THE FUCK??? 

Does Chechnya-War.US that has bunch of anti-russian propaganda exist?
I mean to take into account the price increases  necessitated by various business taxes as well as personal income tax and upfront sales taxes.
It's not communism until the little guy gets his piece. So long as it's just big business getting the favours, I'll call it a corporate welfare state.
What the Israelis do is in no way similar to South African Apartheid! Arabs who are willing to coexist with Jews live in Israel proper, vote, and serve in the parliament.

What Israel does is try to protect its citizens, Jews AND Arabs, from suicide bombers and other random killers from an adjacent, hostile territory. Building the Wall has greatly helped toward that end.

I'm not getting into the question of whether Israel had a right to be there in the first place. There are few modern countries that could pass that test.
Canada like the US is pwned.
i'm not sure if i follow

(clarification?)
What a load of crap.
According to Defence for Children International, Israel has "engaged in gross violations of international human rights and humanitarian law." Between 1967 and 2003, Israel destroyed more than 10,000 homes, and such destruction continues today. A coalition of UK human rights groups recently issued a report stating that Israel's blockade of Gaza is collective punishment of 1.5 million people, warning: "Unless the blockade ends now, it will be impossible to pull Gaza back from the brink of this disaster and any hopes for peace in the region will be dashed."

In addition, Israel uses US military aid to fund an Israeli arms industry that competes with US companies. According to a report commissioned by the US Army War College, "Israel uses roughly 40 percent of its military aid, ostensibly earmarked for purchase of US weapons, to buy Israeli-made hardware. It also has won the right to require the Defense Department or US defense contractors to buy Israeli-made equipment or subsystems, paying 50 to 60 cents on every defense dollar the US gives to Israel."
I wish I had that damned holocaust card. The sexism and racial card are nothing compared to that one.

Policeman: Sir, why did you kick that baby in the head to death?

Angry Israeli: He was from palestine. They do the same to us!

Policeman: Then that makes you both wrong?

Angry Israeli: Holocaust card.

Policeman: Oh, snap. I better take my logic elsewhere. Althought I was born here I have german roots and I feel like an impotent weasel because I wasn't even born at the time to stop that evil happening. I am sorry. Nazi germany was the only country in the world that ever attempted genocide and the evilest place in the world so full of evil men. Nobody was ever evil before then.

Angry Israeli: Go kill yourself, send me some more oil and money too.

Policeman: Yes sir. *salutes* You people are so brave for bringing up something that you never lived through to use as an excuse to commit war crimes yourselves!

Seriously, who needs an army when you have the ultimate card?
Sadly,on Reddit the only opinion allowed about Israel is that it is racist, neo-nazi police state with no right to exist.

The same people believe that the United States has no respect for human rights, is more despicable than Iran, and is Israel's lacky and partner in crime.

How I wish all of you would live for ONE DAY in one of your fantasy lands, so that you would appreciate what you have.
Is "Fucking Israelis Must Die" hate speech?; because I'm pretty sure I could stop saying "Israeli Apartheid."
They actually do, because I'm in it :)
yadda yadda yadda - http://www.caabu.org/pdf/Israeli-Arabs-final.pdf
Much appreciated link
&gt; I can't see anarchy as being a way to generate good among a society,   
   
Panarchy is a nice free-market approach. but no - it's healthy government, whatever the shape of the pyramid, that generates good. When hard players take over the top, the system rots no matter what the official rules are.  
  
My view on good government is that it can happen all over, it is happening all over, and we will have twice as many people living happily on the earth when the elite quit trying to get the rest of us to agree to kill ourselves.
Dunbar's study was on non-human primates without cellphones or myspace pages.
From a "how it should be done" perspective. Instead of classifying the speech itself as unlawful, why not classify the incitement as a conspiracy (to perform violent acts against others) instead?
There's got to be a word for when corporations run the government...
Really? Then the people running your tours were pretty badly informed, since they told me you didn't.
what your comment has to do with the article in question or the discussion for that matter shall remain a mystery.  
  
a classic israelo-bot reply, e.g.: what? someone criticizes israel? - quick, try leading the discussion to something completely else! what is there...? i know! .ru - the website is hosted on a russian server! that'll do!

"truth hurts eh comrades?" - you say it, dude, you say it.
I totally agree. They have serious problems with racism, sexual assault, robbery, retarded students, etc etc...

Fortunately it's so removed from the city you can avoid that clusterfuck altogether.
Then tell me, why is Reddit the forum for Israel hatred?  Fuck you.
When I read the article I just naturally assumed that it was YorkU... They tend to be the go-to school for loud Israeli and Palestinian students fighting with one another
i even heard bad things about it when i lived in buffalo, ny. its apparently where all of the refugees go. i dont know why canada lets in so many refugees and then pays for their education. i heard a lot of them then leave canada and never repay their debt.
you forgot all of the discrimination and killing and torture and pain wrought on the palestinians. thats what makes it genocide and apartheid.
yeah its called reality. it usually doesnt feel good to think about, but its just how things are today.
as soon as theres any limitation placed on speech or expression, no matter how small, free speech ceases to exist. its an all-or-nothing situation. either you have free speech or you dont.
This is your opportunity to create one :-p
lol. why didnt you go to waterloo?
Some people might disagree.
theres no such thing as 'real hate speech', because theres no such thing as 'hate speech'. 'hate speech' is a silly joke that has no place in the western world.
&gt; Seriously, who needs an army when you have the ultimate card?

I don't know, you can't play Magic without a full deck...
god damn i love george washington and the fighting he did for freedom. thomas jefferson is another man i adore.
lol. reading an article or hearing somebody give a speech doesnt force you to go out and commit crime. omg lol!
Don't be so self-important, Reddit is the forum for most kinds of hatred.
Well, they continue to make the news year after year. What the hell is it about being twenty that makes people think they've suddenly maxxed their brains?
theres no need for debate. hate speech legislation has no place in the western world, and especially countries like the us and canada. hate speech legislation is completely contradictory to freedom.
hate speech legislation is more of a threat to freedom than terrorists ever could be.
"oops"
Dude, if a jewish lobby demanded magic the gathering be banned and linked it to nazi's/withcraft it would be banned and you wouldn't be able to play it.

Do you have a card better than that in your deck?
bottles*
Income taxes are only a fraction of the total taxes you pay every year.
Jefferson was the MAN.
[Corporatocracy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporatocracy).
While I think this ban is pretty damn stupid, holy crap is that site a piece of crap.  That calling everything "Zionist", the conception that everybody in the world is coming to realize that Israel is apartheidic, blah blah.  

They're a mix of "Israel is the most evil people ever" and "Wow, we're actually making a change!"

Bah, I say, bah.  Although goddamnit, when are we (Canada) going to get rid of our hate speech laws?
I wonder how many people who hate this outcome support "hate speech" restrictions in general. Once you give the power to restrict speech, it will inevitably be used against causes you believe in not just ones you oppose.

Support free speech, end content-based "hate speech" bans. They are incompatible with a free exchange of ideas.
ding ding ding!

we have a winner!
winner number 2 in the thread!
[deleted]
It's nicknamed Ry High! 
I'm just teasing :)
[deleted]
What have you damn bastards done with soupson, greenblue, and matts2? Release them now!
[deleted]
Would've been so much better without the quotes :)
Tell that to the Canadians.  They got quite a set of laws on "hate speech"....
Which makes them just like the citizens of every other country in the world.
[deleted]
You are free to criticise policies. But when you are at this univesity you can't use the term Israeli apartheid.

Good thing too, since it's a term deployed soley by people who are completely fucking ignorant about 1. Israel and the Middle East  and 2. what apartheid means.
&gt;  a term with basis in reality

You're a fucking dick.
self-important?   Israel is the only country who gets so much shit on this damn fucking site, after United States of america, which is by the way, the country where most redditors are from.
North North Americans.
[deleted]
Central to the Hebrew belief system are the 613 Mitzvot (commandments). They are comprised of 365 prohibitions rules and 247 positive rules (no relation to the 247 of today, but they are thought to represent the 247 bones and significant organs in the human body, and 365 days of the year). Taken the time to read, one can 
understand that they formed an essential social survival technology, a software of the mind. Mitzvot 598 to 613 deal with warfare. 

The Final Mitzvot:

613 To destroy the seed of Amalek (Deut. 25:19) (CCA77)

Rabbi Israel Hess claimed once that Palestinians are Amalekites

http://www.jewfaq.org/613.htm

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amalek
Political correctness is a subconscious death wish.
Freedom of expression and freedom of conscious are in our charter of rights. To disallow one to speak his mind not only limits the potential good one might accomplish from independent thought, but also makes it impossible to discuss such issues with people who could be persuaded.
Concise and powerfull.
The Christianist South African apartheid system (designed by a priest), was based on the Canadian system (also essentially administered by the church). Israel's system is like OSX of apartheid or something. Perhaps in 200 years Palestinian Arabs will be receiving millions in compensation too.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
General comment. Couldn't resist. Sorry.
Mac medicine does have a terrible reputation, Mac hides this by passing off its program as 'innovative'.

http://64.233.169.104/search?q=cache:Hy5Va_scZ3wJ:www.science.mcmaster.ca/scs/medical/articles/BellRinger02Apr04.pdf+mcmaster+medicine+innovative&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;cd=1&amp;client=firefox-a
lol. wrong. 'hate speech' legislation contradicts freedom. its as simple as that.
I fucking hope not; I live here.

Don't worry, I protest bullshit when I catch wind of it.

The unfortunate thing is: The current government (despite the fact that they only have minority power) are very similar to the US iteration; only instead of an evil moron "running the show", we have an evil mastermind and it's scary to think of what could happen if he gets the power he desires...
Computer Science, and we're the first university in Canada with an accredited Software Engineering program. You can find us [here](http://www.cas.mcmaster.ca).

And yes, your tour guides were idiots. Science and Engineering are some of the strongest areas of Mac.
The Cancer is Spreading to Canada Now!
Magically, Israeli automagically equalls "person of the Jewish faith". If you criticize Israel you must therefore be anti-semetic and hate every Jewish person on the planet.

People who think this way need to get over themselves and realize Israel != Judaism.
[deleted]
[deleted]
South Africa is a mess. A huge embarrassment for the Left and all their slavering dogooders. Good post!
Among most of the doctors I know the program is very highly regarded...
Upvoted for making me chortle appreciatively.
I believe Mac focuses on "problem-based learning".  I call it the "bass-ackwards-school of learning"... but if it works for some people... then let them go there!
They have banned the speaking of the truth?  Well, that's just one more university that doesn't strive for the truth and instead for creating their own illusion and perception of reality and [manufacturing consent](http://youtube.com/watch?v=Wphncn58kdU) in their students.
[deleted]
Fuck you. You're just the sort of ignorant ill-educated mouthy cocksucker that this university has had enough of. You probably have no fucking idea what really goes on in the Middle East, and you've clearly no clue what Apartheid means - but you'd rather smear Joo-hatred around than educate yourself and use words that mean something. 

It's too bad we can't ban you from reddit as well (but then the population of reddit would drop in three-quarters if we banned all the Joo-Haters and other ignorant cunts like you.)
[deleted]
WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
It is an easy mistake to make however. Because, you know, they do call themselves a Jewish state.
O RLY?
[deleted]
I dont get it.
There are plenty of legit sites and articles that talk about this, but we all link to the nutty one?

Why?
The OSX of apartheid?

Upmodded for awesome analogy.
Upmodded for use of the phrase 'israelo-bot.'
You lose.

AIPAC.
"America's Pro-Israel Lobby."
"Working to strengthen the US-Israel relationship."

It is a different one for Canada.
[deleted]
Ain't that the truth. And now with increasingly out of control human rights commissions who suck up to special interests even our journalists are being hauled before tribunals. Canada as far as free speech is concerned sucks the big one.
&gt; Israel is the only country who gets so much shit on this damn fucking site

Perhaps, Israel being the most oppresive regime (out of so called "western democracies"), might play some role here...?

I mean, oppresive to the "other semitic people" that is...
You are free to start one...
&gt; hate Jews so much because I criticize Israeli policy

No, the clue is your intention to label/libel every Israeli actions with loaded, hyperbolic, emotional and _inaccurate_ terms like "apartheid" and "genocide". 

You are free to criticise Israel, hell it's a popular pastime even among Israelis, but your problem is that you are incapable of criticising Israel _without_ using such terms. This would require informing yourself about the reality of the situation there - too much hard work, and you'd  might end up learning just how ignorant you really are. Much easier to just jump into comment threads with a few emotive keywords, eh? Either that, or you are so fucking stupid you don't know you're doing it.

BTW I'm not Jewish, just tired of you filthy Joo-haters deploy the same non-arguments in every fucking thread.
Yes. Canada doesn't have freedom of speech, they have speech and thought "crimes" like much of the countries in Europe and ever more so in the US.
Apartheid means different laws for different races/groups of people.

Fits very well in Israel.

Have a nice day.
It's not some lone guy, it's Canadian law.
Different label, same group.
Or perhaps Israel happens to be a pawn in the conflict between major world powers?
Your ignorant arrogance is typical of the loud-mouthed mobs here who use these terms yet know fuck-all. 

In fact, all races are treated under the same set of laws in Israel - from the declaration of independence: 

&gt; (Israel) will ensure complete equality of social and political rights to all its inhabitants irrespective of religion, race or sex; it will guarantee freedom of religion, conscience, language, education and culture; it will safeguard the Holy Places of all religions; and it will be faithful to the principles of the Charter of the United Nations."

The Palestinian territories, OTOH, are under Palestinian administration, following 40 years of Palestinian terrorist aggravation. And Fatah and Hamas are to principally to blame for the conditions there, not Israel.
It's Canadian knuckleheads at Canadian universities. U of T's problems go way back. To those halcyon days of the eighties when even looking at a pretty girl there could bring charges of leering from addled half-baked campus feminists. A watershed was reached at U of T when the Out of Africa exhibit was cancelled when uber-pc students almost rioted in their peerless umbrage over a professor's attempts to educate them on early African history. It's a campus overwhelmed with dumbasses.
lol software engineering. thats not real engineering.
It is in Canada, as long as you're graduating from an accredited program. We have all the same fundamentals as classic engineers.
one question: do you ever use windows in that program? if the answer is 'yes' then it cant be considered engineering in any way. lol.
Not that I would normally respond to someone who is on record as using "lol" *twice*, but here you go:

We're all *nix. The profs mostly use OS X, and we have Solaris and Linux labs. The only place we use Windows is in the FPGA class, where the good dev environments really only exist under Windows.

And you realize that EVERY other field of Engineering uses Windows almost exclusively, right? Civil, Mech, Chem, they all use software that is Windows only. Software is one of the few where we can afford not to use Windows.
Thank you for pointing out to paulerdos what should be obvious to any thinking person.
I can only take so many bold faced lies before I start to giggle and then guffaw.

Breaking the Silence: Israeli soldiers talk about occupied territories:

http://www.shovrimshtika.org/testimonies_category_e.asp

Please see the MURDER, CHECKPOINTS sections especially.

But hey, thanks for playing.

Oh, and just for history's sake - history of Zionism, and how Zionism is really anti semitic:
http://www.marxists.de/middleast/brenner/index.htm
also, the economic blockade which is KILLING and STARVING the Palestinians in Gaza is done by Israel.

So, just perhaps, it is Israel which is to blame?

Think so?
Yawn, dickhead, you're trotting out the same partisan propoganda. Tell me something i haven't heard before. In the meantime, before you change the subject, care to reconcile your accusations of apartheid with that piece of Israeli law I quoted?

Where Israel is in the wrong, and it is on many counts, I'm more than willing to speak up. But I'm sick to death of the low-level Israel hatred here on reddit, which can only be explained as anti-semitism. There are far worse places with far worse treatment of minorities and historic grievances than Israel - that's not an excuse for Israel's behaviour, but is raises serious questions about why so many people here (such as yourself "goyboy") and on the "left" in general are so obsessed with Israel and so deparate to slam them with accusations of apartheid, genocide, etc - the obvious reason is the Jewish character of Israel and the mainstream left-wing's historic animosity to Jews, and the traditional internationalist alliances with ersatz-socialist Arab resistance groups (PS I'm not Jewish, Xian, anything religious btw, but I call it like I see it.)

Regarding the Palestinain territories  - It's clear you can simply ignore (or simply are ignorant of) Hamas' efforts in ensuring that any improvement in the situation of the Palestinians - especially anything that might reflect positively on the Israelis, and ultimately might even lead to a peace settlement - is nullified by violent provocation by the likes of Hamas, Islamic Jihad, etc) usually involving the sacrifice of Palestinian lives - I can't. I can't ignore the responsibility of Fatah either, who have fiddled for decades while the territories burned - the likes of Yassar Arafat, filling his filthy pockets with international aid while the wider Palestinian people got nothing except more secret police. Meanwhile the Palestinians are used as a stalking horse for Arab nationalist Jew-haters  in neighbouring countries who truly have fuck all concern for the plight of Palestinians, or they would have found a solution by now - Northern Ireland, East Timor and a handful of other places have managed it. The Palestinians could manage it too, if only the complete fuckwit proxies who make up their supposed leadership recognised that their responsibility to their people was greater than their desire to act-out their violent "heroic " dreams.

Re the current blockade - it's obvious to anyone whose eyes are not veiled by Joo-hatred that the Hamas rocket attacks directly are to blame (and before the Wall, the suicide bombing of Israeli civilians) and that they are doing it worsen the plight of the Gaza population, to reinforce the accusations of their sympathisers in the Arab world and in the West - people like you, obsessed by the destruction of Israel. And you're falling for it.
It doesn't help that there are many people who actually refer to Israel as being "the Jews" on a regular basis.

Nearly every conversation I've had on reddit about this subject resulted in someone coming along and saying something like "the Jews are responsible for not doing anything about Israel" and so on.
And Islam and Christianity and Scientology and communism and capitalism and patriotism.

Yeah.
That's not true though - there are many people here who wish they could kill every last Jew on the planet.

Which just reinforces those (like me) who think that Israel is really fucked up and needs to reevaluate a number of things, including, most importantly, its foreign policy. (That being said, since they don't recognize Palestine, it would really be 'foreign' policy, but you know what I mean)
Yeah, it's called *reality*.
[deleted]
Uhm.

If they weren't around there would be something else you would be sick of.
Well, to make a long story short, I am sick and tired of the pro Israel Lobby here in America guiding and shaping American foreign policy in the Middle East.

And I am sick and tired of people like you who, when people question Israel, its actions, and the fact of the pro Israel Lobby controlling American foreign policy in the Middle East, those people who dare to ask questions are labeled 'bigots', 'racists' and 'anti-semites'.

Also, do not appreciate you calling me dickhead nor goyboy.
&gt; Well, to make a long story short, I am sick and tired of the pro Israel Lobby here in America guiding and shaping American foreign policy in the Middle East.

And on the back of that racist paranoia, you side with the likes of Hamas and Islamic Jihad. Such logic..

&gt; And I am sick and tired of people like you who, when people question Israel, its actions, and the fact of the pro Israel Lobby controlling American foreign policy in the Middle East, those people who dare to ask questions are labeled 'bigots', 'racists' and 'anti-semites'.

People like me who dare to question your "questions" about Israel, you mean.. in other words, you're not interested in knowing if there's another side to your racist delusions. 

It's not criticism of Israel that gets you that label, it's your transparent bias and bigotry. Lots of people "ask questions" or manage adult discussions about Israel and the Palestinians without stooping to your level, which is somewhere down there with Ahmedinijad..

&gt; Also, do not appreciate you calling me dickhead nor goyboy.

Like I give a shit what you appreciate. Maybe you should change your nick from "AmericanGoy" if you don't like it, you frickin nazi.
So now I am a frickin nazi :-)
Go figure - such a surprise :-)

"And on the back of that racist paranoia, you side with the likes of Hamas and Islamic Jihad. Such logic.."
No no no.
BOTH Hamas and Israel are scum.

Both are war criminals.

Both should be stopped by the world community.
[deleted]
And I'm willing to be rid of people who need something to hate.
[deleted]
It's people like you that make Jews think everyone hate them, and makes them have a minority complex. You know what? Jews are just like every-fucking-one else. There are dick Jews and nice Jews. There are asshole Christians, and there are great Christians.

I'm willing to stand up to bullshit, and I don't mind other people standing up to it either. You, however, are currently vomiting bullshit everywhere. So is Israel. And because so many who oppose them are so *hateful*, this bullshit keeps continuing and continuing. Until someone pops - Maybe it'll be you this time, and another Hitler will be born. Maybe Israel will snap and everyone will be fucked.

Everyone needs to chill the fuck out, and the  UN (especially America) needs to handle this bullshit situation, and stop fucking around in other places in the middle east.

I don't mind you standing up for what you believe in. I don't mind it at all. But when it seems like you are directing your attention in the wrong place, I instinctively am going to disagree with you. That doesn't mean I don't agree with some of the things you do, say, or believe. 

I just feel like you are another version of the 9/11 truther, which is another breed of people who I think are misinterpreting available information.

That's just my take on things.
[deleted]
You, sir, are mentally deranged. I'm not Jewish. I'm an ex-Catholic atheist, who wouldn't mind seeing all irrational religions disappear.

But I'm also rational enough to see that this isn't all about religion. Religion is nothing more than a tool used by those in power to control those who are too stupid to handle things on their own. A tool can be used for good or evil. Much like fanaticism, religion can convince otherwise perfectly peaceful people to do stupid things.

I don't know and don't care what religion you are. I know that you are fanatical enough that you might as well be religious yourself.
[deleted]
Ad homoium, douchefag.
[deleted]
He's not my type (too many penises).
israel-criticism is not israel-hatred. fuck you.

Summary:
I hate "love speech" and I love "hate speech".
theres no such thing as 'real hate speech', because theres no such thing as 'hate speech'.
I would say that 'Israel Apartheid' is probably not hate speech.
I don't mind it at all.
The concept of "hate speech" has no place in a free world.
There are just too many people.
either you have free speech or you dont.
Why do you hate speech?
hate speech legislation has no place in the western world, and especially countries like the us and canada.
thats what makes it genocide and apartheid.
That doesn't mean I don't agree with some of the things you do, say, or believe.
The issue here is 'Israeli Apartheid' is not hate speech though it has been deemed as such.
Hence, making hate speech is not an expression of individual freedom.
Israel's system is like OSX of apartheid or something.
; because I'm pretty sure I could stop saying "Israeli Apartheid."
That's just my take on things.
And I'm willing to be rid of people who need something to hate.
Like I give a shit what you appreciate.
You can have free speech and hate speech or neither.
Either that, or you are so fucking stupid you don't know you're doing it.
I don't know and don't care what religion you are.
well, let's define hate speech clearly before we go on.
It is a different one for Canada.
They do the same to us!
Except that this WASN'T HATE SPEECH.
You are free to start one...
I fucking hope not; I live here.
People who think this way need to get over themselves and realize Israel != Judaism.
'hate speech' legislation contradicts freedom.
Israel and the Middle East  and 2. what apartheid means.
Can't have restrictions on free speech like this, folks.. this is what happens.
It's been a problem for years.
I'm not getting into the question of whether Israel had a right to be there in the first place.
They actually do, because I'm in it :)
I don't mind you standing up for what you believe in.
But when you are at this univesity you can't use the term Israeli apartheid.
If negative speech against the Israeli government is considered hate speech and illegal, how long before speech against your own government is considered illegal?
Fits very well in Israel.
one question: do you ever use windows in that program?
I disagree that the existence of 'hate speech' as a crime or whatnot, has no place in western society.
hate speech legislation is completely contradictory to freedom.
hate speech legislation is more of a threat to freedom than terrorists ever could be.
I mean, oppresive to the "other semitic people" that is...
'hate speech' is a silly joke that has no place in the western world.
Without this restriction on our freedoms, we would be living in an anarchy.
Which makes them just like the citizens of every other country in the world.
I'll know that has happened when the term "hate speech" is banned because it makes neo-nazis feel bad.
But someone saying that Jews are evil and need to be exterminated probably is hate speech.
I call it the "bass-ackwards-school of learning"... but if it works for some people... then let them go there!

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.44
