Original Response:
[deleted]
We're holding "unlawful enemy combatants" though our presence there via the war/occupation is itself unlawful. Wha? 

Sorry for stating the obvious, but this just struck me as odd.
This is news? Isn't it already public that we're holding the children of "unlawful enemy combatants" for leverage during interrogation?
[Comfort boys?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comfort_Women)
the chickenhawks were "outraged" when Saddam kept children in prisons

not so outraged now though...
So?
That's the level America's stooped to? "Tell us what we want to know or we'll kill your children."
It's getting very hard not to assume the worse when hearing things like this. It's easy to assume that most of these kids pose no real threat to our soldiers on the ground. 

It's easy to assume we just created a few thousand new terrorists.

I'm assuming a lot, I know. But given our track history of honesty on the news coming out of Iraq, I'm going to start with that assumption and wait for subjective honest news to the contrary.

I'm open to being proven wrong, but I feel safe starting from this position.
Rape, actually. But yeah. And we've been stooping here for a few years now.
so what?
Women and children are now suicide bombers. So I ask again: so what?
Thats nihilism, how bout we pull out of there and stop killing them so we don't produce more terrorist?

The US military is the crime.
What law? was it that house resolution approving the war and occupation? The one signed into law...It's unconstitutional then right? Well, then the supreme court will overturn it, right? No, I know, it's against international law. So the UN will take action, right?
osama? is that you? FOAD
It's more like "tell us what we want to hear". They torture not to get the truth but to produce information that will suit their agenda.
Propagandist believer, is that you? yea, you found me.
I hope you'll enjoy your holiday at guantanamo bay. :)
[deleted]
Raping children in front of their parents, to make their parents sign false confessions, it's the American way to fight the 'war on terror'. Nothing wrong with that?!
human rights.. what are those for.
geneva convention, yeah we signed it, but we crossed our fingers.
International law, well- whose gonna come get us? 
Constitution? just a fucking piece of paper.

these are thoughts of the men whose graves we shall piss on.
you are emboldening the enemy or something.. at least.. that's what my pastor told me as he was spitting into his hand...
we've been stooped down there for hundreds of years chum. It's just this administration that is not based on any democratic election, they don't feel any need to hide it.
for bush's surprise visits?
We killed more people than saddam ever did, and you would have thought he could have done better with all the weapons we gave him, he used to work for the CIA!
Saddam, removed for inefficiency in mass murder and torture.
Replaced with a much more efficient regime. USA.
so what? as in so what is in between your ears?
A vaccuum.
break99- parking lot, 3:30.
I hope you like your green jello break99, the pastor came in it because he said you like it better that way, now take off your helmet, that's a good boy...ok now take out your mouthguard and try not to grind your teeth....
Why call them "unlawful enemy combatants"?
Is there a reason for the term "unlawful"? Are there "lawful" combatants? Is this just some sort of legal thing they can try to use if ever brought to trial somewhere?
Yes there are lawful combatants. The term unlawful combatant appears to be used to circumvent the Geneva conventions, calling them unlawful combatants means in the administrations view they are not prisoners of war.

The treatment of POWs is spelled out in the conventions, specifically the [Third Geneva Convention](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Third_Geneva_Convention). The wikipedia page goes into and links to more detail over the controversy about the term "Unlawful Combatant"
While most of these detentions are most likely illegal/violate international treaties, it's not like we don't imprison children here in the US.  If you were in Iraq and saw a kid about to shoot someone, assuming you didn't kill him yourself, then you're probably going to send him to prison.
Thanks for the education.
Intelligent theory...
Theres no universal rule saying any one under 18 can not pick up a weapon and use it. But some people like to glorify statistics based off U.S. defined rules that don't always adhere everywhere else.
well when an enemy doesn't exist, then all you have to do is make them yourselves
is there a source for that?
I was hunting for the article I read here, which was based on an extensive interview with a guard in a military prison in Iraq. She described them keeping the children of the detainees for leverage, but did not go in to detail of how the children were used in interrogation.

However, Seymour Hersh, in a speech to the ACLU:

&gt; reporter Seymour Hersh, who helped uncover the scandal, said in a speech before an ACLU convention: "Some of the worse that happened that you don't know about, ok? Videos, there are women there. Some of you may have read they were passing letters, communications out to their men ... . The women were passing messages saying 'Please come and kill me, because of what's happened.'

&gt; "Basically what happened is that those women who were arrested with young boys/children in cases that have been recorded. The boys were sodomized with the cameras rolling. The worst about all of them is the soundtrack of the boys shrieking that your government has. They are in total terror it's going to come out."

Up to you whether you believe Seymour Hersh. I do.
he disavowed that statement actually
http://nymag.com/nymetro/news/people/features/11719/

(i wouldn't be surprised if there are cases of this though)
my point exactly: so what? Nothing.
:)
I don't have time to dig right now, but I just came across the name of the guard I was thinking of:

http://morris.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/05/19/the-most-curious-thing/index.html

Sabrina Harman. You might be able to go off that, or hope for me to follow up later.

Summary:
I'm assuming a lot, I know.
"Tell us what we want to know or we'll kill your children."
No, I know, it's against international law.
Why call them "unlawful enemy combatants"?
It's more like "tell us what we want to hear".
Yes there are lawful combatants.
International law, well- whose gonna come get us?
The US military is the crime.
So I ask again: so what?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
