Original Response:
I dont need sex i have anime porn.
That is the sound of redditors buying plane tickets to New Zealand.
When I need sex I just put on some tentacle hentai and pull out the Japanese whack mittens. Problem solved!
Thankfully, of course they are.  Didn't you read the "Sex and flirting in Japan - it’s a world of difference" article yesterday?
Your comment reminds me of this one article that was posted a long, long time ago on reddit which talked about how there was such and such very-high-percentage of New Zealand women who traveled in roving packs whose only goal was to get laid.
Sweden is in the bottom 10?

But I..  I believed in the dream..
The article is ironically surrounded by ads to "date Japanese girls today".

I'm married to a Japanese woman and we have sex all the time. Mostly with each other.
[deleted]
Yeah, but I bet there is an inverse relation to the number of times a week people engage in sex without a partner.

edit: spelling.
What's the catch? Was she born a dude, maybe?
You racist mother fucker!
&gt;Mostly with each other.

With whom do you have sex when it is not with her then?
Dead last? Still? I would've thought that after seeing they we're dead last, they would've made a concerted effort as a nation to fornicate more like wild bushpigs on PCP rather than change 3 million years of culture and history.
Hey, Sweden has one of the most socially and economically progressive governments in the world. I would give almost anything to live in Sweden, regardless of whether or not I would 'get laid'.
This may explain why:
http://reddit.com/info/6dg6o/comments/
Maybe he was talking about the robot toilets?
Socialism is not progress.
Is it me, or is this another of these fucking annoying articles about survey results that doesn't provide access or links to survey data?
I've seen Japanese porn.  This survey is a complete lie.  

Unless they didn't survey octopi with penises instead of tentictles.
Thousand.
And I think we had an article explaining why.
Hell NO!!! The secret is to blow gently on her adam's apple.
Besides being under tremendous pressure to perform, the asian man still has to deal with not really knowing for sure, what goes on underneath the mosaics in their pixelated porn.
Do you have a family portrait handy?
Um, I think he was talking about the overpopulation in those areas, but hey, nobody enjoys a knee-jerk reaction like me. Fuckin' racist!
How so? It is a trend towards economic equality, which is, last time I checked a form of equallity. The free-market causes millions of innocent people to be stuck in a world of poverty, which is what has happened for the past few thousand years (rich dominate poor). I call a governemnt that eliminates that a progressive government.
as opposed to other nations, where women roam the streets looking to be "just friends"
Great, at first I thought you were simply committing adultery. No big deal. But necrophilia? That is just sick man.
The great thing about it is that necrophilia helps me skirt the "cheating" issue. The bad thing is that digging up your relatives is murder on my back.
The article, however, still puts China and India as under the 10 most undersexed countries...
A) Do you live in Japan?

B) Are you, by change, not Japanese?

Given the above information, the fact that I've lived in Japan for the last 5 years and was married to a Japanese woman, there is a slight chance I might be able to say something remotely interesting.

It will at least be slightly controversial.
I feel some sort of sense of moral obligation to C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER this.

You guys are fucked up.
bitching about the truth are we?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hey, he accused ME of necrophilia. I'm the one who should be offended. And for the record, the term is "post-mortem romance". Don't act like you've never gone prowling a graveyard with a heavy set of blue balls because you didn't get your girlfriend's "consent".
I do live in Japan. And I would like to think of my "non-Japaneseness" as less "by chance" than by an act of God. And I'm all about controversy. And sex with dead poeple according to kinkydarkbird.
Japanese whack mittens?
Where apparently "29% of the 5000 men surveyed felt they had been pressured into having sex or had had sex unwillingly." 

Feeling the cougar pressure.
Maybe it's people without cable TV or the internet who have sex the most.
Swedish guy here saying: I couldnt agree more, socialism sucks ass, u get upvoted ^^
"Sexual Wellbeing Global Survey", interesting. So their whole basis for how well off you are is how much sex you have, it doesnt matter if the sex is crappy it's the quantity that matters. For all we know the Japanese are having amazing sex, better than any other people, just not that often.
http://img206.imageshack.us/img206/4548/jr6992mz0.jpg
[deleted]
That website is fucking bollocks and shit to read and fuck it to hell
huh this would prolly have something to do w/ the way they have sex ( the showering, the passive/active roles, the cumming )
you have me cracking up w/ all your comments :)
No need for Durex when having poop/pee/puke sex.
Coincidentally, I'm writing this from my apartment overlooking Ponsonby Road in Auckland, NZ, quite possibly the über-capital of randy roving packs of New Zealand women, on a Friday night no less. Perhaps I should leave my front door, and voyage out onto the street instead of reading reddit? Hmm .. nah I haven't checked all my subreddits.
Too bad, Asian girls are teh hawt!
Hey, cut it out! I have to put butter on my ears to make it through doorways as it is.
That reduction of poverty is what is seen. What is not seen is 

1) goverments have less motivation to spend efficiently because what they spend is not their own 

2) people have less motivation to produce value and try to game the system, which in turn makes the goverment make too many rules and restrictions 

This side of the equation is often not seen and should be taken into account.
4chan ftw!!
&gt;The article is ironically surrounded by ads to "date Japanese girls today".

Why ironically? If Japanese men aren't giving the girls pleasure, they are bound to look elsewhere.
Well, I don't have cable TV, so that's just one wire to sever!
Not to disagree with any legit criticism of socialism but both of the things you mention are very prevalent in right-leaning capitalist nations as well.

The private sector is just as guilty of wasting the taxpayer's money.  The only difference being that it filters tax money to a small percent of the population whereas at least government bureaucracy spreads the love a little.  Look at how billions are being squandered through no-bid contracts or sweetheart deals to military contractors.  Look at deregulation not leading to any drop in cost for the consumer.
I don't buy this at all. After reading this article, I've concluded its simlpy inaccurate for several reasons. 1.) Japanese people, as I know since my wife is Japanese and I lived in Japan for 5 years, nearly never talk about the topic. If you ask them a question on it, even in a closed survey, they will still answer negativley. 2.) While its true Japanese work hard very, very hard, they also play really hard. Many married Japanese men have girlfriends who the express purpose is a physical relationship that benefits both parties without the 'social politics' of getting involved. This is very, very common sadly and I'm sure not reflected here on this survey. 3.) Anyone who has gone to Japan for a month or more knows, that if you are a young American male - handsome, well dressed - that its not hard at all to find a girl. Its not... Young people in Japan have an incredible sex life. Of course this is a generalization but I assure you its quite the case.
Simply put: people will always be greedy, no matter what the economical system is.
Durex! Which academic research institute is that?
I think I've given up on what I was going to say except for the following.

Your partner (I'll assuming wife based on your username) married a gaijin. That basically places her way of thinking in to the extraordinary when compared with the great majority of Japanese. I guess all I'm saying is, don't look to your marriage as an  indication of what is normal in Japan.

Yes I know that this makes a lot of assumptions and could be seen as a negative, which it is not intended to be. Glad to hear that your getting some.

Lastly. What was the whole "by an act of god" comment about. I truly don't understand the connection.

PS. Reading this post again, I might have full filled the 'slightly controversial' promise.
[deleted]

Summary:
I do live in Japan.
I don't buy this at all.
And I think we had an article explaining why.
I'm married to a Japanese woman and we have sex all the time.
I dont need sex i have anime porn.
And I'm all about controversy.
The article is ironically surrounded by ads to "date Japanese girls today".
Well, I don't have cable TV, so that's just one wire to sever!
Hey, Sweden has one of the most socially and economically progressive governments in the world.
With whom do you have sex when it is not with her then?
And I would like to think of my "non-Japaneseness" as less "by chance" than by an act of God.
Its not... Young people in Japan have an incredible sex life.
Maybe it's people without cable TV or the internet who have sex the most.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
