Original Response:
of course he bids $1420 for a PEAVY GUITAR!!! he could of stuck with $420 and won.

but i love the audience reaction!!!

toke it up tomorrow, motherfuckers!!!
The colors look different. But I think I just read The Onion. Please! Let it be The Onion!
Yeah, I chuckled to myself and thought it would be an Onion article too, but when  clicked on it... Well, I still laughed, but it was more of a laughing instead of crying type of thing.
If gas prices did not increase as much, my heating bill would be lower. With enough global warming, I wont have to heat at all, which would avoid any heating costs.  Technically speaking, this can be correct.
[deleted]
Well...  It is titled "American Government".
People will save money on winter clothing too!
Not to mention people won't need to drive as far to get to the beach.
Our hydro bills here in Canada will definitely be dropping during the winter. I'm also looking forward to growing some delicious citrus.
You're making the assumption that temperatures will rise uniformly across the globe and that the climate will not be affected otherwise. 

What if rising temperatures cause ocean currents and trade winds to change?
&gt;You're making the assumption that temperatures will rise uniformly across the globe

No, I do not make that assumption. Where I live winter temperatures have gone up several degrees over the past 10 years tho.
Just to let you know that most readers who aren't Canadian won't know what a "hydro" bill is... they would probably refer to it as an electric bill.  Like leaving your tuque on the chesterfield while going out for a poutine, glass of homo milk and wiping your mouth with a serviette.
Yes, cheaper heating bills but more expensive cooling bills, water bills, etc.
I think they can probably guess what a hydro bill is. We came to use the term here because of how ubiquitous hydro power is. I do get a chuckle when the Canadian press talks about US power outages from a storm or whatever, and they refer to the "hydro companies". But the truth is, we do use the term up here even if its not actually hydro power.
"global warming will give polar bears more water"
when anthropogenic global warming is exposed as the fraud it is, I hope all these people look and feel truly stupid.
Always look on the bright side of life. 

Also, we can't stop global warming, so we should instead think how to turn it to our advantage.
And if not?

Bearing in mind every government in the world seems to think otherwise... except for the US one, which was largely paid for with oil money and is the most corrupt in living memory.

Are there any other Bush policies that you still "believe" in?
[deleted]
In reality though, there are numerous other factors that will tend to make things far more expensive.

One of the things that has characterised the fuckups of this era is that they've been made on the basis of things that are "technically correct" within a narrow sense but bullshit within a wider context, and in actual effect.

And they've been very very bad fuckups.
Not that I can think of, no.  I consider Bush Jr to be the fourth worst president we've ever had.  The fact that he refused to sign on to AGW is completely irrelevant to my opinion on it, in fact I believe that he has now joined the rest on this subject.

I really couldn't give a toss what governments think is right, they've been proven wrong, stupid, and evil so many times throughout history that anyone who does consider their position to some sort of validation is pretty much a fucking retard.
Recently I was in a local (public) elementary school and while waiting on someone, I was looking at the posters pinned on the wall. It was about ice melting in the Arctic. Listed pros were: more oil possible to alleviate high demands, and 'amazing' savings for the ships/tankers traveling from N. America to Japan. Sad state of affairs
A lot of northern climates are only decently warm part of the year because of air and ocean currents. They could easily change leaving you in a Siberian landscape.
Although decreased heating costs in the winter would probably be offset by increased air conditioning costs in the summer, the other part of that statement is probably true.

Given the geographic layout of the earth, global warming is likely to increase our overall agricultural output.  Canada and Russia  would end up being the new breadbaskets of the world.
Well, it will. Countries like Russia could benefit greatly from Global Warming. There are costs *and benefits* to any given change in temperature. 

However, I am guessing from the comments here that the book wasn't trying to make any point so subtle.
because those are caused by the angular momentum of the planet and the macro-terrain, not temperature.
Skip class and go smoke weed kids. 
You'll get more out of it than the garbage they feed you at school.
I hope I wasn't the only person so pedantic to be annoyed by this title's poor grammar. "Global warming will avoid heating bills"? What you mean to say is "Global warming will make it easier to avoid heating bills". Pretty sloppy.
[deleted]
Global Warming, FTW!
What you mean to say is "Global warming will *lower* heating bills".
UK here, and before reading these 3 messages had never heard of a "hydro bill". Would have guessed you meant water bill.
They are caused by lots of things, including the temperature.
Funny, I thought he was referring to the cost of maintaining marijuana gardens or something...
"On the other hand, greater warmth will make it easier and cheaper to grow crops and avoid high heating bills."

But that is actually true. There will be big savings in fuel and electricity costs in cooloer countries and it will enable higher yield crops in regions with good farming practices.

To pretend there are zero benefits to global warming is incorrect and to suggest that any mention of possible benefits should be censored is worrying.
They still use books ? AMAZING.  I thought they all just drank mind bleach and took the blue pill.
It requires less energy to stay cool than to stay warm. 

Lots of places just use fans and shade to keep cool as well but to heat up you almost always have to use fuel or electricity.
The problem with that argument is that it assumes global warming is literal, and doesn't include the other climate factors such as precipitation.  Increased annual temperatures with more strongly seasonal precipitation (some of the models) will severely impact agriculture since there'll be lots of spring rain, enough to rot the crops and then a summer drought.

That's an extreme example, and I agree with you, there will be some benefits to global warming (see [here](http://reddit.com/info/6gblq/comments/), but global warming isn't really just warming.
Sounds like Northern-centric thinking.
There's gonna be more spending in hotter countries for cooling. Not to mention that everything around Equator will start turning into a spreading dessert.

To be ignorant enough that there is a benefit in changing our planet's climate to a more hostile one, towards both, us and other species, is akin to saying that you can cure a headache by shooting yourself in the head.
Aren't there more cold related deaths every year than heat related deaths?
the problem is not that it's said at all, but that it's presented as an even choice.  like, "well, yes, there's a downside, but things could also get pretty great, too, so who knows?  nothing wrong with your choice."

i think that 99.99% of the kids reading this book are so completely detached from nature red in tooth and claw that this does them a grave disservice, because so much of the society they rely on was developed within certain environmental parameters, going back to the birth of agriculture.  once you get a more chaotic system that spends more time outside those parameters, I think the possible downsides far exceed the possible upsides, simply because so much of what we count on now hasn't been tested outside of those parameters, so we have no real idea of the exact ramifications.  could some of them be positive?  yes, but there will be more negative impacts on the lives of the students reading this book, and pretending it's all a big mess that might be evenly good and bad reduces the imperative in their minds for ameliorative action.

like, what if this was a book about sports, and it said that an unknown number of rules and regulations about baseball were going to change unpredictably and trigger other changes in a cascade, but that it might be good, because the turf might change in a way that makes it easier for outfielders to pivot and throw faster?  i mean, yes, that's a possibility, and maybe we'll all high-five each other when it happens, but aren't the odds that unpleasant or destabilizing changes will exceed the number of happy benefits?  and wouldn't a responsible person tell you?

that's what i think will take explaining in the future: how conservatism, a political movement that supposedly respected tradition and stability blew it on keeping the world as-is, making all kinds of increasingly nonsensical arguments to avoid admitting to unconservative behavior.  that's why things like this piss me off: someone will get all offended and pissy if they read something in their kids' gov't book that doesn't explicitly mention, say, that heating bills will be lower.  because it's some kind of movement conservative point of pride that global warming will not change every single thing everywhere for everyone for the worse.  imagine if liberals did this- "hey, we don't need more police on the streets.  some of the people who are killed are criminals, so it comes out the same happiness-wise by reducing future crime."  they would be laughed the fuck off, but it's mysteriously "reasonable" to say, "well, sure there's a lot of negative things, but you'll save on space heaters, so it's a wash"  that's what drives me crazy about this- the fake "balance" of it.
Note that about half the blog's comments defend the textbook.  1. Find some sand.  2. Insert head.
Deserts only come about by poor water management. Afterall, Rainforests exist in areas that would otherwise be nothing but sand.

With proper water managment, irrigation, wells etc. You can prevent desertification (is that a word?).
joke?  or are we not really getting the ramifications of global climate change?
Oh god, I used that book (or a previous edition) in AP History. I'll tell you that there is much more speculation and bias thrown around in it too - fully supported by the teacher of course; "it's in the book."
You're doing it wrong!

    1. Find some sand.
    2. Insert *their* heads.
    3. Wait.
&gt; 'amazing' savings for the ships/tankers traveling from N. America to Japan. Sad state of affairs

By taking this shortcut, they'll use less fuel, which could lead to global cooling, which could leave them *stranded* in a re-frozen arctic!

Those short-sighted *fools!*
&gt; a Siberian landscape.

Are you referring to Siberia, future site of Super Happy Sunshine Beach Resort Land?
[deleted]
&gt; desertification (is that a word?).

[Yes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desertification)
I remember getting through AP History back in the day with a previous version of this book. We went through lots of history pretty quickly, and I felt like I was taking a lot of things on the word of the author. I put up with it, but then I remember getting to the last chapter at the end of the year. It was only a couple of pages, but 'oh my god'! It was about the great Bush battling terrorist, and how 9/11 is prompting the US to make the world a better place - and tons of other Bologna. What went through my mind: I lived during this short period so I could verify its integrity to a reasonable extent in the book, but what about all of that other stuff that I was suppose to take on faith. If as much of the content in previous chapters was as distorted as the final and recently occurring events near the end, then my perception of American history is severely incongruent with reality.

P.S. I plan re-educating myself on American history (and I should cover the rest of history while I'm at it) when I have some time to spare, and I think I'll start with: A People's History of the United States by Howard Zinn.
It's true that to be more or less comfortable heating can require more energy.  Being maximally comfortable, however, usually means air conditioning, which uses way more energy.
In Soviet Russia the beach comes to you.
"I say let the world warm up, let's see what Boutros Boutros Golly Golly has to say about that. We'll grow oranges in Alaska!"
That seems to be a recurring theme in reddit comments. That being said, I seem to keep following the advice.
Wait... for profit?
&gt;Bearing in mind every government in the world seems to think otherwise

Since when are politicians experts on science?
No, that has a slightly different meaning. Probably a more accurate statement, but I was talking about syntax, not semantics.
Actually, after all the cleanup, this is mostly a break-even operation...
[deleted]
What, he couldn't be growing tomatoes with a hydroponic system?
You make an excellent point.
[meh](http://www.amazon.com/Canada-Goose-3-n-1-Nomad-Jacket/dp/B000XFPKIY/) vs. 
[meh](http://www.amazon.com/Borat-Mankini-Swimsuit-Costume-Suspender/dp/B000UGJSRU/)
I was lost when I first read this. I live in Phoenix and when I heard heating bills I thought of air conditioning bills without even realizing it, and those are going to go up. Whether it's heat or AC, they both use the same kind of thermostat. And they both result in a net gain of heat in the area in which they're used, because they bring energy in the form of electricity from somewhere else.
die, meme. die
And all the scientists? They're all wrong too?

All the national professional organizations and academies of sciences? They're just a bunch of blithering fools with less education and ability to evaluate scientific data than *you.*

You're exactly the kind of person that Expelled was made for. 

Tell me, have you accepted the germ theory of disease yet? Or do you still believe that people get sick because God wants them that way?
Since they agree with what he wants to believe.
No, he said he was Canadian. Also funny enough the primary cost of maintaining an indoor marijuana garden in Canada does come from the hydro bill.
you've been told that there is a scientific consensus on this subject by people who seek to take you as a fool.  If you take the time to look for yourself, rather than just listen to the media and the IPCC, you will find there are plenty of scientists out there who are not afraid of peer pressure and are trying to speak out against this carbon dioxide driven climate myth.  If you don't have the initiative to find your own information sources, then just wait.  I'd give it 10 years tops before the fraud is disrobed fully.  The great thing about science is that truth always wins in the end.
family guy never dies :)
&gt;*"Climate Change will avoid heating bills"*

Fixed that for ya.  Silly outdated schoolbooks.

What do you mean that wasn't the point?
Comments like that make it easy to spot the kids born post 1990.
&gt;there are plenty of scientists out there

You seem to think that "scientific consensus" equals "unanimous opinion."

How sad. But that kind of basic misunderstanding explains a lot about where you're coming from.

There are still "scientists" who don't accept natural selection, an age of the earth older than 6000 years, or that germs and not sin cause disease. Does the fact that there are a few people calling themselves "scientists" who reject the scientific method mean that there isn't scientific consensus on these things?

The fool is the person who answers that question yes. 

&gt;If you take the time to look for yourself, rather than just listen to the media and the IPCC, 

So all those peer-reviewed studies and *statements by the national science academies* just don't exist.

Oh wait, I got it. God put them there to test your faith. Just like all those fossils you can't explain.

&gt;The great thing about science is that truth always wins in the end.

And the funny thing about human nature is that no matter how much proof there is of a thing--there will always be anti-empiricist souls who insist it isn't true because they don't want it to be.
&gt; Like leaving your tuque on the chesterfield while going out for a poutine, glass of homo milk and wiping your mouth with a serviette.

What the fuck...
I wish I could give it only 10 years before you decide to accept the scientific consensus on climate change.

But people like you were still insisting that the Sun moved around the Earth *hundreds* of years after Copernicus. The only difference between then and now is that you no longer have the power to burn scientists at the stake for daring to counter your ideology.
It'll be hard growing citrus when the US Army has kicked you out of your cities and moved in displaced Americans, and you're starving in the woods.

"Hydro bill" - is that like the British calling refrigerators "Frigidaires"?
Yes, you may get greater crop yields in more northern climates.  You may also get pan-continental droughts that kill off the agricultural base of our world civilization.  One thing's for sure - if you're growing crops in northern Canada, the US Breadbasket will be scorched barren.
Sure that's what we need.  An entire generation of illiterate pot heads.  That will surely strengthen the nation.
1986 here, so I guess you fucked up on that one.
Then I would imagine that the "Breadbasket" would move north too.
When I actually see some global climate change I'll climb on the train with ya'll.
One thing I've come to observe is that people who strongly believe in lies frequently resort to ad hominem and straw men attacks when they attempt to defend them, it seems you also suffer from this characteristic.  I think this comes about because you feel an emotional need to defend something you don't actually fully understand.

I see you sincerely believe what you are being told, and that you really think you are trying to save the planet.  That's good for you, just make sure you learn your lesson for the future when the truth finally dawns.

And for the record, I'm an atheist and a theoretical physicist.
Maybe.  Maybe not.  The best outcome then would be massive changes in land ownership and infrastructure.  The worst outcome would be billions starving and armed movement north.
Technically, I was talking about similar comments and not your comment directly. 

But please, feel free to continue wallowing in your ignorance.
pot bill?
&gt;you really think you are trying to save the planet.

Actually, no, I'm not. I do very little to "save the planet." I even commute 50 miles to work every day in a mid-sized sedan. One way. Gasp! 

One can accept the scientific consensus on global warming without feeling moved to do anything about it. Just as I accept the scientific consensus on evolution without feeling moved to aid or hinder natural selection.

That you characterize me this way--on the basis of *no* evidence--is further proof of how warped and distorted your judgment is. You don't look at the scientific evidence; you prejudge everything and everyone based on your ideological blinders.

You reject the scientific evidence out of hand because you believe that the people who present it are trying to "save the planet."
Just as your kind once rejected heliocentrism because you thought the people who accepted it were trying to undermine the power of the church.

&gt;just make sure you learn your lesson for the future when the truth finally dawns.

This is rich coming from the guy who rejects the consensus of every major scientific body in the world.

Tell me...have you learned your lesson about heliocentrism yet? Or the germ theory of disease? Or natural selection? 

Or are you still insisting that there isn't "scientific consensus" on these either? After all, the people proposing the germ theory of disease were probably just trying to "save lives" so clearly, they're suspect. Right?

&gt;I think this comes about because you feel an emotional need to defend something you don't actually fully understand.

We've already talked about how poor you are at reading people. **My issue was with your false claim that "absense of unanimity among those calling themselves scientists" = "lack of scientific consensus."**

&gt;And for the record, I'm an atheist and a theoretical physicist.

And an anti-empiricist.

Maybe you should study the history of science a bit. All major paradigm shifts have been accompanied by people who reject the scientific evidence. That there are some scientists who don't accept the consensus on global warming is no more remarkable than the scientists who didn't accept the consensus on the germ theory of disease or on changes in gene pool frequencies over time. 

It's lamentable, but it's how the process works. It's human nature that some people get so entrenched in looking at the world one way, that they simply cannot cope with the evidence that they're wrong.

So while I have some sympathy for your position, I have to admit that your side trotting out a petition signed by Ginger Spice as proof that "scientists" reject the scientific findings that resulted from analysis by scientists of the scientific data certainly doesn't help your case much.
right, that explains why you put it in a response to my comment.  And im fully aware that family guy didn't come up with that originally.
So, was he talking about the Family Guy episode that had a Яков Наумович Похис skit?
You know, I dont think I have ever had to spell tuque before... Is that really how its spelled?
&gt; "Have you learned your lesson about heliocentrism yet"

pray tell, what lessons do you think I have to learn about this?  Have I ever indicated to you that I do not accept evolution or a Sun centered solar system?

and yes you are correct, the nature of science and the scientific method is that consensuses are irrelevant because the whole point is continual scrutiny and critique.  Without this desire to question the status quo we would never advance our scientific knowledge.

All I'm telling you is that if you take the time to do some independent research you will find that AGW is based on a shred of truth and garnished with a ridiculous amount of what is effectively bullshit masquerading as science.  And if you don't want to do the independent research, then just wait, because, as I said, truth always wins in science in the end.

This is really all I have to say on the subject, if you are interested in reading an article I've written on the subject then let me know, or if you have anything new to say, but otherwise I'm finished here.
Let's face it, if you had any evidence that the scientific consensus on global warming was wrong--you'd be submitting it to a peer-reviewed journal, not arguing about it on reddit.

Since you don't have any data, training or experience to disprove the scientific consensus--and for some reason that consensus troubles your prejudices about the world--all you're left with is pretending that the consensus doesn't exist. Much like the way the DI people pretend that transitional fossils don't exist.
&gt;you will find that AGW is based on a shred of truth and garnished with a ridiculous amount of what is effectively bullshit masquerading as science.

It's one thing to claim that the scientific consensus is wrong. You're entitled to that opinion, just as the anti-empiricists in Galileo's day were entitled to their opinion that heliocentrism was wrong. If you have data to support your opinion, no doubt you'll soon be receiving the nod from Stockholm somewhere other than in your dreams.

My objection is to your claims that the consensus doesn't *exist.*

You type pretty well, so one hopes you can read well enough to understand the difference between those two concepts.

&gt;if you are interested in reading an article I've written on the subject then let me know

If your article was in a peer-reviewed journal, I've probably read it. If it wasn't, what's the point? The Discovery Institute writes "articles" too.
Moar hurricanes and higher sea levels. No house, no heating bill.
YAKOV F'N SMIRNOV (sp), DAMN IT!
&gt;truth always wins in science in the end.

Actually, every scientist I know, including the Nobel Laureate in physics, would say otherwise. There is no "end" and for the most part there is no "truth." Any time you observe something, it changes, just for your having done so. Therefore, there is no constant objective truth that exists independent from perception.

Physics was actually the discipline that helped make this more widely known, as any "theoretical physicist" would know. 

What science does is try to arrive at models that explain the results of perception. And there is no end, it's an ongoing process.

And my point wasn't that consensus was "irrelevant." My point was that no matter what the topic, there will always be people calling themselves scientists who reject the consensus. 

So a few lone dissenters doesn't make the consensus magically disappear, however much the anti-empiricists wish all those fossils, dinosaur bones, or all that consensus would just go away.
&gt;The worst outcome would be billions starving and armed movement north.

Yeah, because climate change happens over night, and no farmers would notice that their land becoming less and less productive, so they would suddenly have to take up guns and move north...to the land that is already farm land.
I don't intend to stay in science, I want to make money instead and what I've observed about the corruptibility and pandering for funds that goes on in science has put me off.  And if I was offered the Nobel Peace Prize I would only accept it so that I could stand there on stage and publicly tell them that it was a disgusting insult to have it offered to me, and that they could basically shove it up their ass.

No, my article is not in a peer reviewed journal, it's just a brief 3,000 word summary of what I've discovered about the global warming debate.

The reason the consensus doesn't exist is because the IPCC's claim to create one is flawed, and that there are hundreds of scientists out there who definitively state they do not comprise the consensus.  I've got some anonymous surveys of climate scientists I've found that show that there isn't a consensus too.
so the fact that Galileo Galilei rejected the consensus that earth was the center of universe is not relevant?  You're kind of missing the point here, new scientific progress was made by dissent, not sticking to the current consensus.
&gt;I don't intend to stay in science

That's probably a good thing. It's really not a career for an anti-empiricist.

&gt;No, my article is not in a peer reviewed journal

I didn't think it would stand up to any scrutiny by actual scientists.

&gt;I've got some anonymous surveys of climate scientists I've found that show that there isn't a consensus too.

That reminds me of that petition your side was trotting out to show all the "scientists" who didn't accept the consensus. They counted anyone who even claimed to have a BS in anything as a "scientist", and trotted out signatures like "Ginger Spice" as PhDs.

&gt;There are hundreds of scientists out there

Do you know how many "scientists" there are in the world? You really think a few hundred hold outs means there isn't consensus? I don't know whether that's more funny or sad.

You could probably find a few hundred "scientists" who don't accept natural selection. I'm pretty sure the DI has already found them. Are you seriously going to argue that this means there is no consensus on *natural selection*?
Assuming that the northern farmlands are actually arable.

http://www.csmonitor.com/2008/0304/p13s02-bogn.html
Like leaving your hat on the couch while going out for a order of fries with fresh cheese melted on top and a glass of homogenized milk. Then wiping your mouth with a napkin.
&gt;so the fact that Galileo Galilei rejected the consensus that earth was the center of universe is not relevant

Don't know much about history or science, do you? You have your "facts" exactly backwards.

Galileo Galilei's position **was** the scientific consensus of the day, and many days before. I'm amazed that you don't know that. He was *supported* by scientists, including the academies. Heliocentrism was hardly a new idea; it had been around since Copernicus' time. It was the Church, not scientists, whom Galileo was dissenting from.

The people who rejected Galileo were rejecting the scientific consensus of the time, just like your global warming denialists--and doing so for the same reasons: ideological grounds and personal preferences that have nothing to do with scientific inquiry.

&gt;new scientific progress was made by dissent, not sticking to the current consensus.

And that's what's happening here. AGW is a new consensus, after 70 odd years of research into climate change. Some people, like you and "Dr. Ginger Spice" reject that because you'd rather cling to the old paradigm.

It's very much like the way you people rejected the evidence on germ theory. You even use some of the same arguments (how could something small affect something big). No doubt you'll go to your grave believing that people cannot affect the climate, just as some went to their graves believing that germs can't make people sick or that the sun moves around the earth. You just can't accept new ideas, no matter how mountainous the evidence.

Edited to add: I gather that you're still an undergraduate? I can't think of anyone who would have completed a bachelor's degree in physics from an accredited university who would have thought that Galileo was bucking the scientists of his day.
actually it has.  I submitted it as an essay for my degree and I got an "excellent", marked by scientists within my department.

I'm not really sure what this ginger spice nonsense you keep going on about.  I'm going to guess you are talking about a petition signature or something.  I'm sure that amongst the people who signed it, it gave you great pleasure to find a prank, because it then made you think that by some kind of funky extrapolation all the other signatures were irrelevant too.
&gt;I submitted it as an essay for my degree and I got an "excellent", marked by scientists within my department.

You think getting an "A" on an undergraduate paper about scientists' opinions is the same thing as **peer review** of a scientific study?

Oh. My. God.

There is absolutely nothing anyone can say to anything as absolutely stupid as that.

&gt;I'm sure that amongst the people who signed it, it gave you great pleasure to find a prank, because it then made you think that by some kind of funky extrapolation all the other signatures were irrelevant too.

So you think counting anyone who claimed to have a BS in anything as a "scientist" was a good methodology? And it's just the one signature that's problematic?

ROFL. That's as dumb as your claims that papers you wrote for your bachelors (or possibly associates) degree went though "peer review" analogous to scientific journal articles.

Let's end this once and for all:

If the Discovery Institute finds "hundreds of 'scientists'" who haven't accepted natural selection, will you maintain that there is "no scientific consensus" on natural selection?
the church at that time was the disseminator of pretty much all information.  there were no printed books, so all the learned had to read latin hand written books of which there were very few.  Galileo Galilei was persecuted and treated as a heretic among the elite of that time for his views on the solar system.

working on my masters atm.
[deleted]
Good thing AC is free.
no, you said that it would not stand up to any scrutiny by scientists, which is flatly wrong.

anyway, im beginning to find you boring and offensive.  I'm really not going to conclude anything with you here, and you seem more interested in quibbling than actually making an attempt to understand my views, otherwise you would have asked to see that article.

so goodbye.
Fresh cheese curd, [yes really](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poutine).
&gt;there were no printed books, so all the learned had to read latin hand written books of which there were very few.

I'm sure all your anti-empiricists friends lap up "facts" like this.

The printing press was invented more than 100 years before Galileo's birth. Galileo himself
wrote and published numerous books with his findings, and in Italian, not Latin.

But somehow, it doesn't surprise me that you haven't read these works or even *heard* of them.

&gt;Galileo Galilei was persecuted and treated as a heretic among the elite of that time for his views on the solar system.

But not by scientists. Scientists accepted the consensus on heliocentrism. It was anti-empiricists like you who wanted to burn him.

&gt;working on my masters atm.

Yeah, I didn't think there was much substance to your claims to be a theoretical physicist. Though no doubt you can blather on about your untestable string theory into the wee hours of the night.

These days, most promising science students have published articles in peer-reviewed journals before they get to graduate school. You still think "peer review" is getting a good grade on a paper.
And George Bush is the best prez evar!
[deleted]
&gt;im beginning to find you boring and offensive.

Yeah, I figured you wouldn't be willing to answer the question about the Discovery Institute.

And that you'd be "offended" by me proving you wrong with your bogus claims about Galileo not being able to access or publish printed books. Because *polite* people would let you spout nonsense like that and never ever say a word to contradict you. 

&gt;you would have asked to see that article.

A. It's not an article, it's an opinion piece you wrote for a college class. 

Your efforts to inflate it into something more are amusing, but like your efforts to pass yourself off as a "theoretical physicist", don't suddenly make it or you into something you aren't.
 
B. Why would I want to see a childish screed by someone who just makes up "facts" whenever it suits him, like the bullshit you invented  about there being no books in Galileo's time?

If I wanted to read childish daydreams, I'd pick up the Wizard of Oz or something. I'm not going to waste my time on reading something by someone who doesn't even bother to fact-check his ideological rants.

Face it, once you started just making up things about Galileo out of whole cloth, you gave yourself a self-administered pwning.
no, it was about when you started calling me dumb.  seriously, I'm done.  you can think what you want, you are just some random ponce on the internet.  wasted enough time already, bye bye.
What would you call a person who thinks it's a "fact" that Galileo was working against the scientific consensus of his day?

Who when called on that "fact", supports it with the "fact" that there were no printed books available to the learned in those days?

Isn't "dumb" a pretty good descriptor? We can't say ignorant, because if it were just ignorance, you could look it up. 

You chose to say stupid things, not because you don't have access to information, but because you were so blinded by your anti-empiricist ideology, it never occurred to you to get the facts. Instead, you just invented some of your own. Because anything you can dream up, like Galileo not publishing his manuscripts, is more compelling to you than the reality  that he did.

In short, you've completely demonstrated why you can't see the scientific consensus on AGW any more than you can "see" that Galileo published manuscripts--you've chosen not to see it.

Dumb may be a harsh word, but I don't know what else to call it.
[deleted]
In my a.p. classes in high school the teachers would always make us use the older school books instead of the huge stack of shiny new ones since they were always far inferior in every way.  There wasn't a single exception from my recollection.  Math, history, and science were the worst when it came to the new books. Full of errors and poor examples.

From what I could tell, the new books sucked because instead of the best/most competent teachers choosing which new books to order when the time came; it was the crazy old ones who had been there for 40+ years, thus had seniority. 

IMO the new books should be chosen by college professors or at least the most competent teachers, not just the ones who have been there the longest as it is now.
Isn't a chesterfield a specific type of couch? And do you call all couches chesterfields?
Yes, it is specific, however I was going for the most generically understandable copy the sentence with a similar length. For example, a tuque is a very specific type of hat, though I couldn't think of a good enough way to describe  it in a few words so it is just a hat. I do however believe that the meaning of the sentence is not changed by those omissions.
Forgive them for having the audacity to point out the incredibly obvious.
we barely even use books in my school the information is usually vague.
Without gravy those are just cheesefries.
You are correct for the ocean currents, but trade winds are a different matter:

[obligatory wikipedia link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trade_winds)
American here, never lived (or paid bills) in Canada, never before heard it called a "hydro bill", but had no trouble understanding.

I find Americans know a lot about Canadian culture, seeing as how it's *right next door*.  It's British culture we don't understand.  British English is a whole 'nother language.  I work with a British person, so I hear it a lot, and unlike Canadian English, it never seems to make any more sense.

Hey wanna go smoke a fag?
[deleted]
It's true.  If global warming is bad.  I'm not talking venus greenhouse effect bad, I'm talking raising average temperatures worldwide.  We get a massive subtropical north.  Canada, Sibera, England, Norway, etc suddenly get very temperate.  We don't have to pay nearly as much to heat our homes.  Our growing seasons are suddenly all year round.  

The bad thing is that, well, the countries that are warm now are deserts.  We lose a lot of coastal area, but we the frozen north don't really lose all that much.  I've seen maps that were completly pessimistic with insane sea rises that didn't even touch my house.  so, meh.
In Canada we use a lot of hydroelectric.  So, a lot of places, even companies, are hydrolectrics.  Like BC hydro, hyro one, etc are power companies.
Hard to invade a nuclear power.  it tends to go badly.
"Do you want a fag?"

The smoking bit goes without saying.
Except that Russia will need to build concrete roads where they were once able to drive over the perma-frost.
Great now we are teaching idiocy
You try telling the plants to grow all year round. I think they would have something to say about it.
Did they tell you that in DC?
Keep up now.
You are really only interested in local weather, not global temperatures.

What advantage would it be to you to pay less in heating bills, if your food now costs ten times as much due to failing crops in the scorched south? *Global* warming is all about *global* changes, and that affects all of us in many ways, because our markets these days are *global*.
No, Siberia, the future site of mud, as the permafrost melts and it all slides into the sea.
Canada is a nuclear power?
I don't know about you, but I can get warmer by putting a thicker jumper on.
Are you actually looking at the global climate, or just sticking your head out your front door?
pretty much unmdeclared yeah.  We were partners with you in the manhatten project.   

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canada_and_weapons_of_mass_destruction

Of course we still have the knowledge, the equipment, and probably a few tricks up our sleeves.  

Canada isn't as... friendly under certain circumstances as we appear.
we get new plants.  :-)
It is why the term 'climate change' is preferred these days. It better describes what we as individuals will see and feel in our life-times. Global temperatures will stil be rising, but we aren't exactly equiped as humans to feel or see the temperature around the globe. We only feel and see what is going on in our neighbourhood.
Isn't that what got us into the mess in the first place?
Guess we'd have to go all first strike on y'all.
The facts are all out there for anyone to 'expose' any time they like. The fact that the science stands up to the scrutiny of many eyes, makes your statement pretty silly.
guess so.  Then when cities start evaporating on your side of the border how well does that go?
Nobody said they were. The governments take advice from the experts, and those experts have a pretty convincing case.
If the choice is die from starvation or die from bombs, I think it'll go badly all around.
lol north america won't ever get that bad.   india pakistan, china, maybe even australia.
No, somewhere along the highway to hell.
Indeed, it must be a specific type of gravy and cheese curds.  Otherwise it's not poutine!

/I should know
touque
Here's a map:

http://bluree.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/12/800px-kyoto-protocol-participation-map-2005.png

So you think you know better than every government in the world... except the Bush government do you?

Oh - and Nasa and the Pentagon and the majority of US scientists also happen to disagree with you. And you still think you know better?

Why is that exactly? Just what is it that makes you so good?
The problem isn't a single rise in temperature: the problem is a continual rise in temperature due to a [feedback loop](http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2006/08/060829-methane-warming.html).

As the Earth gets warmer ice melts which causes the Earth to get warmer. In additional, methane is released that further increases the melting.
It's like saying that when you're decapitated, your life ends, but you don't have to pay rent.
When the education system actively promotes stupidity, you know there's a third-world future ahead.
The same scientists who are dependent on research dollars that would dry up if they say otherwise.
Well they arn't wrong. 

And students don't read the textbooks anyway so who cares?
right, and if we can get the rates to stay about earths warmest we in the north are set.
Actually, readers who aren't from Ontario or Quebec won't know what the fuck a "hydro" bill is either. Of course, the people who are from Ontario will assume that the rest of the country says Hydro as well, because the rest of the country is just like Ontario, right?
"Knit Cap"
It's a big country, with a fairly spread out population. You could take out the golden horseshoe &amp; knock out half the population, but the rest of us wouldn't much miss it.
It makes me sad to realize how simple that is, yet I couldn't think of it. 

I blame it on living in an area where it only ever gets that cold on up to 10 days in the year.
Vancouver?
I was under the impression that Vancouver is a quite cold area.. At least compared to Texas. Which is where I live. Though I tend to avoid mentioning that for reasons related to how United States politics are seen around the world.
Since we're "for the record", let's set the record straight here.

You're a grad student, probably first year,  who doesn't even intend to stay in science, much less work or accomplish anything as a "theoretical physicist."

And you're such a light-weight academically  that what you tell redditors is your "article" turns to be a 10 page double-spaced essay you wrote while an undergrad, that even you know isn't worthy of submission for publication.

You also believe that in Galileo's day, the Church and **not** scientists like Galileo and his colleagues represented the "scientific consensus". (Apparently, you're hazy on both the adjective AND the noun).

And to top it all off, you are so unfamiliar with scientific literature that you were blissfully unaware that Galileo had published his findings in numerous works, and you believe that it was *im*possible for him to have done so because you think there were no printed books in Galileo's time, only "hand-written latin manuscripts" (sic). 

It's like you're insisting Albert Einstein rode around in covered wagons, while you claim that the Southern Baptists hold the "scientific consensus" on evolution instead of scientists.

Till you learn the meaning of the words "scientific" and "consensus" no reasonable person will find you a good judge of what a scientific consensus is. 

And while you're at it, you could also try learning the difference between an "article" and something that isn't even qualified to be called a term paper. And read a peer-reviewed journal once in a while. It won't kill you.
tuque... Francais mon homme.
Good point.  Hydro translates to water.  But here in Canada it is also power - probably because we get a bunch of our power from hydro-electricity.  Being that you are form the UK, you should know what a chesterfield is right?
No, seriously. I think that I read in national geographic that there are 7 times as many deaths attributable to cold than hot. I'm from Arizona where I've seen the temperature at 122F. Unofficially at the airport next to me, 125F. It REALLY sucked and was painful without A/C as is most of the world and kills old people here without AC. I've also been to AK in the winter. Even strong, young people there die without heat.
why are you still here?
Gloating over the lovely pwning you administered to yourself.

Don't try passing a college essay off as an "article" or making up "facts" about science, and you won't be bothered so much by us nasty old empiricists hanging 'round correcting you all the time.
But Ontario is the whole country, right?  except for the small communities of Vancouver, Halifax, and Calgary, but they have little influence.
that's odd, how did you manage to read it?
Dude, we know it's not an article. You admitted it was nothing but a college essay of about 10 double spaced pages, and hasn't even been submitted anywhere. If that's what you think is an "article", you really have no understanding of scientific literature whatsoever.

And we can all see the kind of things that you report as "fact", like there being no printed books in Galileo's time.
I admitted it was "nothing but a college essay of about 10 double spaced pages"... nope don't remember admitting it.  It's been published an a few places actually, and I originally wrote if for fun almost a year before I saw an opportunity to submit it as an essay for university.
Dude, you said it was a college essay. You said it was 3000 words (about 10 double spaced pages). I won't even get into the implications of your calling it an essay, which implies personal reflection, rather than scientific research or literature review.

This is the first time you've claimed it's been "published". Though I suspect this claim may turn out to be as accurate as your claim about Galileo not having access to printed books, perhaps you did post it to an anti-science blog somewhere. But be that as it may, you've already admitted that it has not even been submitted to anything that has peer review. 

I realize you probably don't know this, but peer review is the quality control in scientific literature. You can say your comments on reddit are "published", but that doesn't make them of any scientific worth. I don't know of any scientist who would even list such a thing on his CV, unless it were at least in press in a scientific journal. 

And frankly, we're still left with your unsavory habit of just making up "facts" to suit your position. You can't even pass review by a redditor with a good memory or who is good at Googling.
no, you're right, it's not peer reviewed in the classical sense.  On the other hand, it's been read several thousand times, my professors liked it, my friends have been persuaded by it and use it to persuade their friends.

I never intended it to be peer reviewed, I intended it to be a summation of what I discovered about global warming after a couple hundred hours of reading on the subject, for the benefit of others.

I honestly don't see what point you are trying to make and why you are still here.  I understand you feel that I didn't respond to all your things yesterday, for example the printing press and the church, but I was stopped short because you started to become offensive.  Tough shit.  You can keep whining about it if you want to, but if you really wanted me to respond you should keep in mind for the future that people don't like being insulted in conversation.
&gt;my friends have been persuaded by it and use it to persuade their friends.

From what you're saying, it's basically an opinion piece meant to inspire activism, not a serious literature review. I've no doubt your friends find it convincing. That probably lap up all your "facts" about Galileo, too. That you surround yourself with gullible, ignorant people isn't to your credit.

&gt;I honestly don't see what point you are trying to make and why you are still here.

Yes, I know you don't see it, honey. That's part of the problem. You see nothing wrong with just dreaming up "facts" and presenting them as though they were true.

&gt;if you really wanted me to respond

What hubris! Why should I care if you respond or not? Your opinion is obviously of no value. It's informed by "facts" you make up on the spot to suit whatever it is you've chosen to believe at the moment. It's of no interest other than a good example of GIGO (Garbage In, Garbage Out). 

On some level, you must know your position--that a "few hundred" holdouts on AGW means there is no "scientific consensus"--is indefensible. Otherwise, you would answer my question about whether you apply the same standard to natural selection.

I don't need you to answer the question or care if you do (the answer is obvious), but I find your fear of doing so informative in itself. You know either way you answer, you'll look like an idiot. It's too bad that you can't quite figure out the reason you'll look like an idiot: because you've taken an idiotic position.

Let's see: 

You're wrong about "consensus"--you think it means 100% unanimity.

You're wrong about "scientific"--you think if the Church says one thing and scientists say another, it's the Church who has the scientific consensus.

You make up "facts" on the spot to bolster your erroneous beliefs about the nature of science and consensus.

And you think that *anyone* outside of your impressionable circle of friends and other assorted anti-science nuts cares what you have to say? ROFL. 

I'm not posting because I want you to respond. I just wanted others to be aware that you were passing yourself off as something you weren't, and that you are in the habit of making **demonstrably false**  statements to support your claims.
exactly!  Goodbye!  jesus, what a freak
Yes, you'll find that we empiricists act in ways you find strange when you make up "facts" to support your daydreams. We're not all polite and accepting like your friends, who lap it all up unquestioningly. 

Empiricists actually check facts and sources and so forth. Very freakish and unmannerly behavior in your circle, I'm sure.
It's a lot like Seattle in the winter - grey and rainy, but summer time is quite nice. Snows one or two days every few years; and to Canadians, if it isn't snowing, it isn't cold, so to us, Vancouver is a warm climate.
That's a pretty big "if".

Feedback loops only break when what maintains them disappears.

The sensible thing, at this point, is to deal with the problem, not fantasize that it's not going to be that bad.
That's kinda funny, in Houston it snows one day about ever 10 years, and when it snows it isn't cold, its awesome. 

I am always quite jealous and sad that I have yet to experience ground cover snow.
temperatures get high enough that the northern hemisphere has a 365 growing period, then all that flora starts eating carbon like a pig.  it drops again. we throw some more carbon up, equalization.
You 're missing the part where the southern flora can't grow and the north's flora gets used for crops, etc. Or do you believe humanity will somehow magically revert to a pre-industrialized state?
and you can't tell i was being flippant.
Sorry... You just never know these days. ;)
the train isn't waiting for you.
that's not really the problem with global warming, though.  in terms of deaths, imagine what spreading parasites and diseases currently confined to the tropics will do.  or massive flooding in heavily populated low-lying areas.  or dramatic changes in rainfall patterns.  climate-related changes like this will have a far greater effect than deaths from weather extremes.
Maybe we should concentrate on fixing these rather than attempting to change the weather (something that's not likely doable). The world has been far warmer in the past. I read a paper published by some guy at Stanford who puts forth the idea that (in the long run) a warmer planet is better for life. It kinda sucks to be the middle children though.
I find its best to assume everyone is being scarcastic.
Ah, either is OK.  Touque/Toque in English and Tuque in French.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuque

Summary:
I think they would have something to say about it.
It's one thing to claim that the scientific consensus is wrong.
I think they can probably guess what a hydro bill is.
Not that I can think of, no.
What would you call a person who thinks it's a "fact" that Galileo was working against the scientific consensus of his day?
"Global warming will avoid heating bills"?
"I say let the world warm up, let's see what Boutros Boutros Golly Golly has to say about that.
And you still think you know better?
Scientists accepted the consensus on heliocentrism.
I honestly don't see what point you are trying to make and why you are still here.
I'm amazed that you don't know that.
One can accept the scientific consensus on global warming without feeling moved to do anything about it.
If global warming is bad.
You could probably find a few hundred "scientists" who don't accept natural selection.
that's not really the problem with global warming, though.
What you mean to say is "Global warming will *lower* heating bills".
What you mean to say is "Global warming will make it easier to avoid heating bills".
why are you still here?
And we can all see the kind of things that you report as "fact", like there being no printed books in Galileo's time.
Yes, I know you don't see it, honey.
I don't know whether that's more funny or sad.
It's very much like the way you people rejected the evidence on germ theory.
or are we not really getting the ramifications of global climate change?
You make an excellent point.
It was the Church, not scientists, whom Galileo was dissenting from.
And that's what's happening here.
Just what is it that makes you so good?
The facts are all out there for anyone to 'expose' any time they like.
That probably lap up all your "facts" about Galileo, too.
like, "well, yes, there's a downside, but things could also get pretty great, too, so who knows?
And my point wasn't that consensus was "irrelevant."
Sure that's what we need.
But I think I just read The Onion.
I'm not posting because I want you to respond.
&gt;I don't intend to stay in science

That's probably a good thing.
And read a peer-reviewed journal once in a while.
But the truth is, we do use the term up here even if its not actually hydro power.
You think getting an "A" on an undergraduate paper about scientists' opinions is the same thing as **peer review** of a scientific study?
&gt;I honestly don't see what point you are trying to make and why you are still here.
If that's what you think is an "article", you really have no understanding of scientific literature whatsoever.
You really think a few hundred hold outs means there isn't consensus?
It was anti-empiricists like you who wanted to burn him.
The great thing about science is that truth always wins in the end.
And if you don't want to do the independent research, then just wait, because, as I said, truth always wins in science in the end.
&gt;No, my article is not in a peer reviewed journal

I didn't think it would stand up to any scrutiny by actual scientists.
That's a pretty big "if".
I'm sure all your anti-empiricists friends lap up "facts" like this.
I think this comes about because you feel an emotional need to defend something you don't actually fully understand.
You still think "peer review" is getting a good grade on a paper.
Or are you still insisting that there isn't "scientific consensus" on these either?
You reject the scientific evidence out of hand because you believe that the people who present it are trying to "save the planet."
The bad thing is that, well, the countries that are warm now are deserts.
Oh wait, I got it.
&gt;you really think you are trying to save the planet.
What do you mean that wasn't the point?
If it wasn't, what's the point?
It is why the term 'climate change' is preferred these days.
But that is actually true.
I see you sincerely believe what you are being told, and that you really think you are trying to save the planet.
You can say your comments on reddit are "published", but that doesn't make them of any scientific worth.
I don't know of any scientist who would even list such a thing on his CV, unless it were at least in press in a scientific journal.
Actually, every scientist I know, including the Nobel Laureate in physics, would say otherwise.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.65
