Original Response:
Great post. Finally I understand the difference between Sunni and Shia.
It's out there in the middle, somewhere. Probably East.
Sunni is dead for some years now. Shia kept up her pop career and managed a few hits and some raunchy live shows, if you go in for skinny asses and facelifts, and a honker like Kissenger's on a woman.
Looks like somebody just got done with their Middle Eastern cultures course
[deleted]
This is really a small part of what every America should know about the Middle East, but it's a good start.
Important fact left out: not all of Iraq is Arab.  The Kurds in the north are an oppressed minority because they aren't Arab.
US-Americans: Send the link to that page to your elected representatives. It might actually help.
But they *all* love choppin' off heads!
Self-education vs. saturating in  entertainment will be an important contest for posterity.
&gt;We’ve all heard the term antisemitism being used — often to describe Arabs. This doesn’t make sense . . .

Even a jew can be antisemitic.  Who ever said you can't [hate your own kind](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/94/Uncle_Ruckus.jpg)?!
[deleted]
[deleted]
"7. According to the Bible, Jews and Arabs are related [Genesis 25]. Jews descended from Abraham’s son Isaac, and Arabs descended from Abraham’s son Ishmael. So not only are both groups Semitic, but they’re also family."

Good to know this article is using reputable sources...
Thanks for raising the tone.
yeah it was real difficult to understand...try doing a little research.
texas tea.
Yes.  Both Americas need to do a better job of educating themselves.
[deleted]
&gt;who cares they are all fucking terrorist!
&gt;
&gt;Comment by the dark knight — 3/31/2008 @ 10:12 pm

Awesome.
[deleted]
"They worship a rapist"

I hope you're not American, because Americans really don't have any right to criticise other countries or peoples when it comes to sex and marriage with minors. How many states in the US allow 14 year olds to marry if they have their parents consent? Oh.. sorry! My bad - state rights... very important.
That was actually pretty good.  I have to confess that there were some points I was not aware of.  I didn't know that Iranians are not considered Arabic.
Makes me think to see that the Sunni-Shia split on the whole is 90-10 and the only two listed countries with Shia dominance are, gasp, Iraq and Iran.

Makes me wonder whether Muslims as a whole or Shia in particular harbor concerns that the West is not just anti-Muslim, but anti-Shia.  Which would be sad given that we mostly don't even know the difference.

I must confess to not reading much from the Muslim world.
Hah, my Muslim buddy just flew his twelfth airplane into a packed office building. I keep telling him he's going to kill himself that way, but he doesn't listen to reason.
[deleted]
He should print that up and distribute it in pamphlets. The only thing he failed to mention is the whole Middle East hates Iran (at least according to my Egyptian friends).
[deleted]
I'm going to disagree with this. While I find it interesting, I think it's nothing more than cultural trivia that is of importance because we are fucking around in the region. 

Here are some things I feel Americans should really know about the Middle East.

 - We overthrew a [democratically elected leader in Iran in 1953](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Ajax)

- We [supported Iraq and Iran during the Iran Iraq War](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran-Iraq_War#The_Tanker_War_and_U.S._support_for_Iraq)

Yeah. Those two facts tell a lot of about current relations. 

Feel free to add on some historio-political shit to my post, it would nice to get a compilation together.
5. People from Iran are also known as Persians, and they are not Arabs.
I hate it when people make that mistake, and when I say people I mean everyone.
It may be stupid, but that doesn't make it incorrect.
&gt;What’s depressing is the fact that this only took me 30 minutes to write, and you 2 minutes to read. Yet most people in the United States, including those in the media, the house of representatives, and probably even the Pentagon, lack even this cursory level of knowledge about the region.

I knew most of that but didn't know the breakdown of Sunnis and Shias in Iraq. Maybe I read Reddit too much.
&gt; The country with the world’s largest Muslim population is Indonesia.

Great that looks like a good target for our next attack then, since they probably have lots of terrorists. The only problem is I can't find it on my map of the Middle East.
&gt;Shia Muslims are similar to Roman Catholics in Christianity. [...] Sunni Muslims are more like Protestant Christians.

An analogy to McDonald's and Burger King would serve better.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Alternatively we could remain blissfully just as ignorant about the whole thing as long as we get the heck (and stay) out of there...
&gt;We’ve all heard the term antisemitism being used — often to describe Arabs. This doesn’t make sense

Madronedorf is right.  The word [originated in Germany](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antisemitism#Etymology_and_usage) and referred only to Jews - simply because there were hardly other Semites in Germany at the time.
The Kurds **were** an oppressed minority, current the president of Iraq is a Kurd and the region is largely an autonomous enclave with its own security forces.
But its just trivia. Knowing that *technically* Jews and Arabs are both semites would have no impact on anything.
The whole article was trivia.
If you look at any anthropological   definition ( wikipedia is a good start, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semite) of a Semite there is no exclusivity to being a Jew.  So the post was not stupid just may be incorrectly applied.
Nothing is more important in making peace with people than knowing their motivations and world views. Both Middle Easterners' recent history and religious and ethnic particulars should be things Americans concern themselves with.
I disagree. Our military presence there heightens the need for awareness, but even we stayed away, the West and the Middle East are part of the same world, and are connected. There is no escaping that, and there never will be, so we should have some level awareness of the others who inhabit this planet.
More karma points if the post was titled: Top ten reasons the Middle East is like Harry Potter.
Yea, Iranians are caucasian.
There is one fact taht is missing form this, and what everyone (American  or not) needs to know.  Arab, Shiite, Kurd, Turk,Muslims, Sunni, Christian, Jewish... have one thing in common.  They want to live in peace, determine their own destiny,  and would find a way to fight their occupier.
You are correct.

Iran means "land of Aryans". The country was founded by a number of different Aryan tribes (the two largest ones being the Medes and the Persians) uniting together to form what we in the West call the "Persian Empire" though to the natives it's always been known as Iran.

And for those that may not know, although all blond/blue eyed people are all Aryans, not all Aryans have blond hair/blue eyes.

And yes, there are Arabs, Jews and a number of other non-Aryan minorities living in Iran that are not Persians.
Trivia is better than nothing, which is what most Americans have when it comes to this topic.
Iran picked up the Shia faith in order to break free of Arab rule (because clearly they couldn't make war on their Sunni brothers).

The reason there are so many Shia in Iraq today is because Shia Islam's holy sites are all in southern Iraq.
&gt; Here’s how the various Middle Eastern countries break down in terms of Sunni vs. Shia and whether or not they are *predominantly* Arab. *Keep in mind that these are generalizations; significant diversity exists in many of the countries listed.*


Don't know if you're wrong, but there was a clear disclaimer specifically because of these 'corrective' posts.
It's that huge island in the south-east hemisphere.
Yeah Iran was the only Muslim country that reasserted its national identity and legitimized its own version of Islam different than what was shoved down its throat by its Arab invaders.

That's one of the reasons it's hated by most Arab countries. Though, recently, the people of Arab countries side with Iran since its leaders haven't been afraid to speak out against Israel.
Personally, I've always hated this ridiculous   pretention of the Iranian diaspora insisting on calling themselves Persians.

You don't see Scotsmen from Scotland insisting on foreigners calling them Celts or people from Madrid calling themselves Castilian.

If Persians were a small minority in Iran I could understand the insecurity better. Just like how Scotsmen hate to be called British or Quebecois bristle at being called Canadian or Catalonians don't like to be called Spanish. These ethnically/linguistically distinct minorities want to distinguish themselves from the dominant majorities in their countries. 

OTOH, Persians *are* the dominant majority in Iran. There is no difference between a Persian and an Iranian. The dominant culture of Iran *is* Persian. I can't think of another dominant majority from any country whose diaspora insists on being called by their ethnicity instead of the country they come from.

Do they think they're fooling anyone? "No, he's not Iranian. He's Persian." Duh...
True that. I don't mean to seriously suggest people shouldn't know the information, I was just trying to make a bold introduction into a Diet Chomsky post.
Really? Everyone? I think the ruling class of those particular sects have a vested interest in that NOT being the case. Jews are the boogey man for the region and Palestinians for the Israelis. Now let's bring in Intra-Arab and Intra-Muslim conflicts and I think we start arriving at a more complex and nuanced perspective that illustrates there are serious sociological (particularly classist) issues to be dealt with.
This fact is not left out.  RTFA: Iraq is described as "predominantly Arab", which is a correct description.
Well I know that all of the USA loves Bush (according to all of my relatives).
Well, more importantly, this is what the regions "mythology" or whatever you want to call it is. It is what they believe.
[deleted]
&gt;-In Arabic, the term Jihad does not mean holy war. The term has become known as that because the media has dumbed it down and sensationalized the word.’

Bollocks. The word 'Jihad' can be interpreted in different ways. 'Holy War' is certainly one perfectly acceptable translation. That's certainly how the self-proclaimed Jihadis in Iraq, Afghanistan, Indonesia, The Philippines, Thailand, etc. use the term.

And a hundred years ago when Egypt was modernized under Ali Pasha and he created a British/French style War Department why do you think he named it the Divan of Jihad Affairs? Why was the Secretary of War called  the supervisor of Jihad Affairs?
&gt; can't think of another dominant majority from any country whose diaspora insists on being called by their ethnicity instead of the country they come from.

Jews don't call themselves Israelites, even though they technically are.
This ashould be taught in school along with financial management skills.
I'm not sure about that. Trivia usually leaves you with a sense that you know something. Knowing nothing usually leaves you with the sense that you need to learn something.
the complex nuances, the issues to be dealt with are ALL as result of foreign military interventions.   Intra-x and Intra-y conflicts are the by-products of occupation.
So, you're Protestant hey? :)

PS: I agree, it's not a good parallel, but given the level of the audience it's perhaps excusable.
&gt;or people from Madrid calling themselves Castilian.

Well, that it's not uncommon... the example stands with Celtiberians though.
Your basically right.  But here is a super simple break down:

People of the land of Iran, going back to the days of the early "persian" empires have always called themselves iranians. 

The term persian, was a western term for the people of that region and its empires. 

Back, a couple thousand years, like under Cyrus, the Greeks would say for example, "that Cyrus guy is the king of Persia" and the people in Iran would say, "hey, this Cyrus guy is the king of us Iranians and the land of Iran."

If you speak a persian language (farsi is the only living language today, I think...), your still just an iranian. 

If you speak Arabic, your a semite. [sorry madronedorf-(few comments above), a parties lack of connotation does not disqualify a terms use]

And yes, there are Arabs living in Iran and Iranians living in Arab states. 

And there are Iranians that speak Arabic, and Arabs that speak Farsi. 

What's the difference? Well, as j79 should know, Iranians can cuss all they want because God only speaks Arabic.
I don't think that's the same thing. Just being Jewish doesn't mean that this person has any connection at all with Israel.

And remember that there were Jews before Moses and Aaron brought them to Israel.
you made all that up you liar.
I've never met a person from Spain whose answer to the question "Where are you from?" answered "Castille" but several have said "Catalonia" or "Barcelona."
Well if you want to believe the Bible they came from there in the first place anyway.

If you don't want to believe the Bible, they were just some tribe in the Israel area that overpowered the other local tribes and established a kingdom.

Either way, I'm not going to argue Jewish history with somenoe who, from his objection, probably just wants to believe that Jews don't come from Israel.
How about you rationalize your argument? pinky-dick.
Most, not whole. And that is mainly due to their development as the shia state.
Jews don't "come from there."
In Genesis 15 God promised the land to the descendents of Abraham.

If Abraham and Isaac and Jacob were the first Jews doesn't that mean that there were Jews before there was an Israel?
Well, it isn't something people will say immediately as a first answer, of course, just as a Londoner will not say that he is from Southern England as a first answer, or a Scot that he is from "the Lowlands". But it can be used, given that "castillian" is a correct and current nomenclature.

Still, it's more likely to hear something in the same vein from Catalonians, Basques and Galicians, true.
Also due to the fact that Iran named a street after one of Anwar Al Sadat's assassins.
A related mistake: Kurds are largely Sunni, and consequently Iraq is about 40% Sunni, not 20% as the article claims.  This confusion is somewhat understandable since "Sunni" is used as shorthand for "Sunni Arab" in much of the media discussion about Iraq.
but later in the summary of Arab/not-Arab countries, it says:
"Iraq Mostly Shia (roughly 60%), but under Saddam the Shia were oppressed and the Sunni were in power despite being only 20% of the population. Arab."
Under God's direction, Moses' army defeats the Midianites. They kill all the adult males, but take the women and children captive. When Moses learns that they left some live, he angrily says: "Have you saved all the women alive? Kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him. But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves." So they went back and did as Moses (and presumably God) instructed, killing everyone except for the virgins. In this way they got 32,000 virgins -- Wow! (Even God gets some of the booty -- including the virgins.) Numbers 31:1-54
Re: #3 

I would put Islam as a political system as well, given that something like 50 nations actually structure their institutions around the Quran and the Hadith.
shut up hippy
Useful stuff. Up-modded.

I knew some of this already but it was still enlightening. Technically we ALL descend from Abraham though.
I think your missing the point. Persians call themselves by that because of numerous connotations inside Iran that comes with being Persian.

By saying you're Persian you're saying you're neither Arab, nor Kurd, nor Turk nor Armenian nor any other ethnicity living within Iran all of whom have their own set of baggage that it goes with.

&gt; There is no difference between a Persian and an Iranian.

There can be. Iranian Kurds for example are not Persian but they are Iranian.

&gt; I can't think of another dominant majority from any country whose diaspora insists on being called by their ethnicity instead of the country they come from.

Actually, Iranians insisted on being called Iranians and their country be called Iran after thousands of years of being identified by the West as Persians (See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran_naming_dispute)
And horrendously abused by the turks.

Also, Sniper Wolf in MGS is supposed to be an ethnic Kurd....but she is white? Wtf???
Loads of countries have one name in their native language and a completely different name in other languages. China and Japan and Germany come to mind immediately. And lots of countries have changed their names after a change in ruling regime. But people from Japan and China and Germany when they speak English or French don't insist on using a nationality for themselves different from what we see on the map. This "controversy" is based on nothing.

When I wrote "There is no difference between a Persian and an Iranian" I was making the point that everything that is associated with Iran in the popular imagination is Persian. What is Persian is Iranian. Of course, not all Iranians are Persians. I implied that by several times calling Persian "the dominant culture."

Its stupid and pretentious. Your country is Iran. You are of the dominant culture of Iran and your first language is the official language of Iran. Yet you call yourself *Persian.* Stupid and pretentious.
If you look at the term "pro-life" and use some general definition of life, then you might be able to "prove" that people who are pro-life oppose the death penalty, or are vegetarians, or all sort of other silly things.  But you are just playing language games.  The term "pro-life" means anti-abortion.  The term "anti-semitic" means prejudiced against/hostile to Jews.
Ok, now I know why your an idiot. From the prior posts I just figured you were simply defending a narrow minded perspective of your own, but I now realize that you are defending a narrow minded perspective of millions. 

Ok, I'm moving on to some lolcats comment thread now...
So how about a couple of you downmodders giving a reason for your downarrows?

You just think its OK to downmod information that conflicts with what you wish was true?

In the early chapters of the Koran the word "jihad" appears many times in these 2 but connected senses. In the early chapters dating from the Mecca period when Muhammad was leading a small minority sect the word more clearly has the meaning of moral striving.

In the later chapters, written in Medina,  when Muhammad was the leader of a state and commander of an army it usually is used in the sense of a more utilitarian physical struggle.

For example in IV 95 (I looked this up):

Those of the believers who stay at home, other than the disabled, are not equal to **those who strive in the path of God** with their goods and their persons. **God has placed those who struggle** with their goods and their persons on a higher level than those who stay at home. God has promised reward to all who believe but He distinguishes those **who fight** above those who stay at home, with a mighty reward."

Doesn't seem to imply a personal moral striving too much does it?
In fact, the origins of the word "Aryan" is where the name "Iran" come from.
This is in the Quran as well, and it *is* important when both groups use ancient enmities to shore up current hostilities.
[All generalizations are bad.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Middle_East_conflict)
Nope.  That would be Adam, according to that mythology.  (Abraham was the father of Judaism, not the father of man.)
I thought the line went through Abraham because Noah descended from him and only Noah's family survived the flood?
Messed up on antisemitism when he said it usualy referred to Arabs, he meant Jews, but this is great.
Noah did not decend from Abraham. It was the other way around. Abraham was the 10th generation from Noah. Abraham follows his lineage through Noah's Son Shem (Hence the term Semite) but other ethnic groups follow their lineage through Noah's other 2 sons.
I can never remember that whole decendancy thing, it goes on for PAGES in Genesis.

Back to 'reading the Bible 101' for me...

PS: The Bible still says you can have 6 Jewish slaves right?
Why are Iranians Persian and not Arab?

Also, I know someone who came here (wherever here is) from Iran and says he is not Iranian, but is Persian. WTF.
I'm glad that you are interested in reading the Bible and I totally understand what you are getting at about the atrocities of the old testament - I too struggle with these - but take some time and read the new testament - in fact start with the Gospel of John, just read it through and see what this Jesus guy is on about - I did and I liked what I read.
I think I agree with you here and don't share the other poster's anger. Abraham was not a Jew by birth - he was heathen living in Mesopotamia. God called him and started a new race with him as the progenitor.
There were other people living in the land of Canaan but God promised this piece of land to Abraham's decendants. 
So they existed as a people long before the nation settled there.
Redditors downvote anything that isn't congruent to their self-righteous yuppie moralism.  C'est la vie.
Thus the term "Self Proclaimed". They use jihad to justify what they are doing. I have been taught that it can represent many things such as providing a living for your family, striving for equality within legal boundaries, helping the less fortunate etc. In essence it means doing good in the name of god. Like all religions, it all comes down to how someone interprets it. I'm Indonesian by the way and I also oppose those radical "Heathen" killing teachings. Why don't we all just try to get along?
geez, u're not good in geography then :P
and it's my country dat u point it out! :P 
dont accuse something dat didnt even know about .. 
FYI, in indonesia, we have 5 beliefs, and live in peace, christian, hindu, budha, and even kong hu chu .. and we live in harmony! peace man!
They have completely different evolutionary origins, that's why they are different. Perhaps someone else can provide a better source than hearsay from my Persian friends, but Persians are Indo-Europeans and the two groups are closely related. Thus, Iranians are "racially" Caucasian. Even more, the language they speak (Farsi = Persian; Farsi != Arabic) is linguistically closer to French than it is to Arabic. 

Now I'm really entering the area of which I'm unsure (so if I'm wrong, someone correct me!), but Persia was was one of the world's first superpowers, and for centuries it was the only superpower in the region now known as the Middle East. This empire saw its zenith under Xerxes (think *300*, minus the hunchbacks and the naked women). The spread of Arabic culture and religion (Islam) came after the death of Mohammed (622 AD), and spread throughout the Middle East like wildfire. Thus, Persia ends up with its old language and race, but the "Arabic" religion/society. 

It was up until World War II that "Persia" was known by that name, and one of the leaders changed it to "Iran" because they actually wanted to show solidarity with Hitler and his "Aryan" movement. Before you go making crazy connections about both "Aryan" groups to the Jews, remember that Iran had been a colony of the "Allied" powers since the 1800s, and therefore their association with the Axis was purely an attempt to free themselves from that situation, and Iran's current issues with the  Jewish people are unrelated. Therefore, if your friend's family left Persia before it became Iran, it is likely that they would refer to themselves as "Persian." Also, many Persians do not want to associate themselves with the actions of the state of "Iran," and so refer to themselves as Persian. Either is correct; it's all about how they feel on the issue. 

For a much more scientific look at the issue than mine, I definitely recommend [The Persian Puzzle](http://www.amazon.com/Persian-Puzzle-Conflict-Between-America/dp/0812973364/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1207106382&amp;sr=8-1).
Arabs are caucasian as well.  Persians and Arabs are two different ethnic groups, but they are both caucasian.
Your *gasp* is well-timed; I did the exact same thing about a year ago. 

One thing that I think is interesting is that many people, even scholars (!) of Iran/Persia, often refer to Shia Muslims as being much more violent than their Sunni counterparts. It has its origins in the fact that the Sunni/Shia divide began shortly after the death of Mohamed, and the Shia candidate for next caliph was massacred. This supposedly led to a focus within the sect on violence and martyrdom. Even the source I looked up to back myself up mentions it: 

&gt;The massacre of Husayn still constitutes the defining moment in Shiite history. This loss established what Islam scholar John Esposito has called the "paradigm of suffering and protest that has guided and inspired Shii Islam."

Source: [about.com](http://terrorism.about.com/od/islampolitics/g/Shiite.htm)

I can't help but feel that this is a stereotypical view that lumps all Shiites into one category, but nevertheless, it's what *everyone* says about the Shiites. Ok, not everyone, but lots of people who are considered knowledgeable on the subject. So the current scholar's answer to your question would be "no, the Shia don't harbor particular concerns that the West is anti-Shia, they just tend to be more resistant/violent/sacrificial as a group."
Something else that was missing is Egypt is the only country part of middle east that is not in Asia.
&gt;Thus, Iranians are "racially" Caucasian.

So are Arabs.  Caucasoid referred to a bone structure shared by more groups than just the ones with white skin.
Ummm no. My opinions are based on nothing but my own understandings from Sunday school. I don't belong to any religious group. I don't read any religious blogs and aside from a copy of The New English Bible kept between my copies of Aristotle's Politics and The Complete Works of William Shakespeare on the top shelf of one of my bookcases I don't own any religious books.
No. 'Jihad' by itself means 'hard work'. It comes from the verb 'jahada', which means 'exterted effort.' Yet another word that is derived from above is 'johd' which means effort and is the arabic word for 'voltage'. It is also a common first name for both males and females.

The western meaning of 'holy war' really comes from its use in the sentence 'jihad for the sake of God', which really means exerting effort to spread and protect the word of God. This effort can by physical, as in a war battle, or otherwise as long as it's directed to the above cause.

'Jihad' is not really a bad thing.
Very well put, Wensleydale.
Good post,  but you do understand you are up against the whole 'hate machine' of the political right which needs to demonise middle easterners in order to justify using murder to control their oil.
It's not a question of translating the word or a matter of etymology. It's how is the word interpreted and whether you translate it as "hard work" or "exerted effort" it has over the millennia been interpreted, by Muslims, and by Muhammad himself, to mean anything from a personal spiritual striving to armed struggle.

Armed struggle is clearly the implied meaning in the Qur'an in IV 95 (which I quoted in another post) and in IX 41,81,88 and LXVI 9.

And no, Jihad doesn't *have to be* a bad thing. But when Hamas and Hezbollah leaders talk about Jihad they certainly aren't talking about a personal spiritual struggle.

Jihad can mean lots of [different things](http://www.youngmuslims.ca/articles/display.asp?ID=7)
&gt; It's not a question of translating the word or a matter of etymology.

Agreed, but you seem to imply that the word 'Jihad' is, nowadays, **solely** used to imply armed struggle. That is not the case, although it is more usually meant to be used in that way, but that's because armed struggle is covered more in the media these days.

For example, good, hard-working students are referred to as 'mujtahideen' in schools.

Your link is to an article by a leader of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood, who are even more radical than Hamas and Hizbollah. The latter can argue that they are fighting a foreign entity occupying their land, while the former can't.

Unfortunately, American actions in the middle east have led to more fundamentalism in the region, which is giving those leaders more supporters, and hence a louder voice.
When did they stop calling the Middle East Arabia?
&gt;you seem to imply that the word 'Jihad' is, nowadays, solely used to imply armed struggle.

That is completely untrue. In *every post* I've made in this thread I've stated clearly that Jihad is a nuanced word and has a number of meanings and can be interpreted as anything from a personal spiritual struggle to Holy War.
Wow.  This one always surprises me.  Iran's former name was Persia.  It had a great big empire.  Its people are Persians.  They speak Farsi.  They are ethnically and linguistically *completely not Arab in any way, shape, or form*.

Note: There are some Arabs in Iran, though they're a small minority.  There are also a lot of Persians in Afghanistan, and portions of Afghanistan were once parts of Persia.

Note 2: Turks are also just as much not Arabs.  I wonder which of these is more widely known (and seems more "obvious") in the US?  Do people think Turks are Arabs too?  After all, like Iran, Turkey is a majority-muslim country in the Middle East.

(much of former Soviet central Asia is also peopled by Turks, but that's something I assume very few Americans know, so it's not quite relevant to this question)
It *is* incorrect.  Regardless of the etymological irony, "anti-semitic" means "anti-Jewish".  It does *NOT* mean anti-"semitic" literally.
It's reasonable.  If you're going to make an analogy to something most Americans can relate to, this one's not that bad.  It fits in more ways than the article described, even (though it doesn't fit in many other ways).
Lebanon and Syria have significant Shia populations.

In Lebanon the Shia may actually be a majority (though I don't think there's been an accurate census in decades).  In Syria they're a minority but they rule the country - although the Shia sect that's in charge, Alawites, is so secretive and strange that they weren't necessarily considered Muslims until Hafez Assad had a prominent Lebanese Shi'ite cleric issue a ruling declaring them to be.

Bahrain is majority Shia, Kuwait is about 1/3 Shia, and Yemen is nearly half Shia (so this article was incorrect in lumping all the Gulf Emirates together as predominantly Sunni).
You're right about most of what you're saying (and I tend to translate "jihad" as "struggle" because that tends to make more sense in most contexts - particularly when referring to an internal/spiritual struggle).  However, to say that the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt is more radical than Hamas and Hizbollah is an anachronism.

Before Hamas and Hizbollah existed, the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt was indeed radically militant, but they changed direction long ago, and are now one of the least militant, most moderating of Islamist movements.  Egypt's "Islamic Jihad" was partly a reaction to the Brotherhood's moderation.  That organization was merged into Al Qaeda in 1998 by its leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri.

Other "Muslim Brotherhood" organizations that were inspired by the original in Egypt remained militant after the Egyptian organization changed direction.  One of those was Syria's Muslim Brotherhood, that battled Hafez Assad and lost in Hama in 1982.
Good comment. BTW the Aryan invasion theory is toast. Aryan culture is from India, it isn't a "race". For more on that read Indo-Aryan Controversy: Evidence and Inference in Indian History  by Edwin Bryant (associate professor, Rutgers University) RoutledgeCurzon 2005. I don't believe Persian origins should be considered to be substantially different than their neighbors though.
No, saying someone is anti-semitic means that person is prejudiced against people of a semitic background.  From an etymological stand point that would be true (as in the position you arguing), but that position would also be racist.
&gt; saying someone is anti-semitic means that person is prejudiced against people of a semitic background

False.  That is not what the term means.  Sorry.
You're right, you're clearly not a racist.


edit:
Here is the definition of [anti](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/anti)

And the definition for [semitic](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/semitic)
The language is persian.

Calling it farsi in english is like calling french "français".
[deleted]
The Abrahamic religions are, in chronological order, Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
Thanks very much for this
Now that is really interesting. What is even the definition of the word "Aryan"? You say it is not a race, and you imply that it might be a culture. Did I get it right? You reference a legitimate source, but can you give me an abstract? I might actually read it, since I am no expert on the matter, and I have heard both that the idea of "Aryan" people originated in India *and* Persia (more like that general area, to the extent that they are contiguous).
That's commendable because Jihad has just been abused to death by evil morons who don't know what it means that it's utterance brings forth a tinge of moronity to those who use it unless they at the same time partake strongly in it's recuperation.
Why "every American should know"? As an European, I'd say this should be something any westerner should know.
I'm gonna have to back you up on that one: 

&gt;The word 'Jihad' can be interpreted in different ways.

&gt;it has over the millennia been interpreted, by Muslims, and by Muhammad himself, to mean anything from a personal spiritual striving to armed struggle.

There really are no implications of there only being one definition, for those of you inclined to agree with sa7ouri.
For all those downmodding pietti, look up some stuff on the Iran-Iraq war. During that time and since then, lots and lots of Arab countries have **really** disliked Iran. 

Although what badiozam says is also true:

&gt;Though, recently, the people of Arab countries side with Iran since its leaders haven't been afraid to speak out against Israel.

Although, pietti, your Egyptian friends may also be biased, because Iranian-Egyptian relations have not been so hot since Jimmy Carter got the Egyptians and the Israelis to sign the Camp David Accords; since then, the Iranians have not liked the Egyptians too much. It would not be a stretch to say that this a resulted in a general Egyptian dislike of Iran.
&gt;all blond/blue eyed people are all Aryans,

Cruel joke. Aryan culture is from India(formerly Bharat), as are several Abrahamic mythologies. 

For more on that read Indo-Aryan Controversy: Evidence and Inference in Indian History  by Edwin Bryant (associate professor, Rutgers University) RoutledgeCurzon 2005. Or try The Myth of the Aryan Invasion Theory By David Frawley [online version](http://www.tri-murti.com/ancientindia/aryan0.html) it's cited in the former.
You sound like you know what you're talking about, so I'll concede. I suppose I should change it to something like:

"Iranians are racially/genetically closer to Europeans than they are to 'Arabs." Just lose the Caucasian part altogether, since that's apparently wrong.
You got a lot of points for missing the point. This is a fact relevant to the Middle East.
And here is the first paragraph from the Wikipedia entry:  

&gt;**Antisemitism** (alternatively spelled anti-semitism or anti-Semitism, also known as judeophobia) is prejudice and hostility toward Jews as a religious, racial, or ethnic group. While the term's etymology indicates that antisemitism is directed against all Semitic peoples, since its creation it has been used exclusively to refer to hostility towards Jews.
It's just easier to call them all middle-eastern.
[deleted]
"pro-life" was erroneous from it's inception and will not last long. Same with anti-semitic. This happens in language all the time. Inaccurate words often disappear because educated people become embarrassed to use them. I'm sure you can think of a few that have.
I think the most relevant thing about the current situation that every American should know is that every politician in DC is on the Saudi royal family's payroll, one way or another.

[This book](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sleeping_With_the_Devil) sums things up nicely.
Also some people seem to include Pakistan on a list of Arab countries. They are merely Muslim, not Arab...
The last I heard Egyptians would not be impressed being called Arabs. They consider themselves Egypt separate to Arab (like Afghans are Afghans).
Frawley's online book is quite concise in itself even it looks ugly, what he says is often backed up in Bryants work. Start here [Aryans in the Ancient Middle East](http://www.tri-murti.com/ancientindia/aryan4.html#a21) is just four short paragraphs. It's probably safe to say Persians are from India(Bharat).
It is nonetheless a bigoted, hateful term.  We do not get to kill over a million Semites in Iraq, and then call someone an anti-Semite for protesting this fact, or for simply being critical of Israel and its policy of routinely inflicting cruelties upon Semitic peoples.

We can and do deprecate terms when they are found to be bigoted and/or hateful.  The term _colored_ is an excellent example.  For a long time it was meant to refer to African-Americans, but we later reasoned that it was itself a racist term and so we moved past it.

There is nothing wrong with the term _anti-Jewish_.
I cannot take your account of linguistics seriously when you don't know how to use its/it's correctly.
[deleted]
Coz if it's in teh Bible and it's not in your bible, "Teh Origin of Species", it must be wrong.


http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/742430.stm

http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2000/05/000509003653.htm
I find that argument to be anti-etymic
Wah! Id's a typo nell. Just to prove I dont work CIA.
Try asking the semites, maybe doc.
Don't forget that leader was quite pro-Soviet.
&gt;since its creation it has been used exclusively to refer to hostility towards Jews.    
    
This is quite clearly false.
&gt;Same with anti-semitic

Etymology isn't meaning. Anti-Semitic has *always* meant anti-Jew. 

For example, you use the word 'vegetarian', which derives from the Latin for 'vigorous' or 'active'. Clearly nothing to do with its meaning in English.

In my experience the only people ever making this silly, sophomoric 'argument', one they'd never make for any of the other words they're happy to use every day, are apologists for anti-semites.

and that seems to be the case with you.
Nope, you don't understand that etymology is not semantics, and you parade that misunderstanding to defend your antisemitism.

You're quite thick, aren't you.
Ah, but you are quite thin. Yeah, I'm an antisemitic Jewophile.
What? Let's let the semites vote on it.
Interestingly the three major religions of the world Christianity,Judiasm and Islam have shared history and common roots.

They've all got their own versions of the story, starting from Adams to Moses to Jesus to Muhammed.
Except that the 6th point is wrong. From the end of 19th century "antisemitism" is not used in its direct meaning, but rather to describe something that is explicitly anti-jewish.
There are many phrases in the language that lost their "direct" meaning and mean something else or used only in certain cases.
Great example is adjective "virtual" that in its original meaning means something concrete, while in the most newer usages it has exactly the opposite meaning.
Also comparing Shia to Catholics is not entirely correct. Maybe conceptually they are similar to Catholics, but from historical point of view they are the "descendant" branch of the Islam same way as Protestants are.
Asparagus became sparrow grass in the 17th century, changing back in the mid 19th century.
There are a large number of Farsi living in India.  They never were Iranians, and still consider themselves "Persian."
OK, now you understand it and you're trying to laugh off your deeply stupid error.

doesn't mean you ain't deeply stupid, sunshine.
[deleted]
&gt; pinky-dick


Heh. :)
no
So? There's lots of Scots living in Canada and lots of Irish living in the USA and lots of Greeks living in Australia. That doesn't affect how the people of Scotland or Ireland or Greece refer to themselves.
Still doing it, you antisemitic shit?

Let's do this again. *Etymology != semantics*
I think you're kind of working against yourself, with the swearing thing, but then I could be wrong. You can do it again, you seem to like it. How many accounts do you have?
I think it is reasonable to point out that Iran is not an Arab country, seeing as how they have significant non-semitic ancestry and history and very few of them speak Arabic.

I can see how having your history misplaced like that would piss you off.

However, I think Iranians would do well to drop the special vehemence with which they say the word "Arabs" when they explain that they are not Arabs.

It is not like Iranians don't have significant Arab ancestry, having been invaded and conquered by them in ancient times.

And while modern Persians are the major ethnic group in Iran, there are lots of other non-Persian ethnic groups: Turks, Azeris, Kurds, and, wait for it, Arabs (who speak Arabic as their primary language)., along with quite a few others.
Depends how you define major, if you use number of followers, you'll be surprised at just how far down the ladder judaism is. [Cite](http://www.adherents.com/Religions_By_Adherents.html)
apples to oranges.  If Greece were conquered by another nation and called something else, would the Greeks in Australia say "Ok, now we're something else"?  Or would they become even more aware of being Greek?

(I know nothing about the Greeks in Australia, but if it's at all a cohesive community, I believe they would pull together even more tightly as a "remnant" of true Greek culture.)
&gt; However, there are non-Persian Iranians (not very many of them).

Just to nitpick, a bit, that's not actually true. While Persians are a majority in Iran, it is just a tiny majority. (approx. 51%). The next largest ethnic group are the Azeri, a Turkish people. (And part of my ancestry) They make up approx 24%. Next come the Gilaki and Mazandarani people, a closely related people who live near the Caspian Sea. Then 7% are Kurds, 3% Arabs, and the last 7% consists of Balochi, Turkmen, and others ethnic groups. 

Sorry for all the statistics, I just wanted to show that Iran is not exactly the homogeneous country that it is commonly perceived as. Although it is true that these ethnic differences aren't huge, as most Iranians think of themselves as "Iranian first, Persian/Azeri/Gilaki/Kurd/Arab/Bolochi second)
The issue is ethnic Persians in Iran not ethnic Persians in India. The point I'm making is that Irish people in Ireland don't change their self-identification because of ethnic Irish people in Boston. Its irrelevant.

And what does this have to do with Iranians from Iran calling themselves Persian instead of Iranian?

If you read the wikipedia link from badiozam you might have read:

&gt;The name "Persia" until 1935 was the "official" name of Iran in the Western world, but Persian people inside their country since the Sassanid period (226–651 A.D.) have called it "Iran" meaning "the land of Aryans".

So the people of Iran/Persia for over a thousand years have thought of their country as being Iran and resented stupid foreigners who called it Persia.

But fast forward to post-1979 AD/CE and the modern Iranian diaspora and suddenly they insist on being called "Persians." 

They can fuck off with that pretentious shit. They're Iranians. We identify people by their nationality in the modern world not by their ancient tribe.
&gt;*then I could be wrong*

Never a truer word spoken, you nasty anti-Semitic apologist for totalitarianism, you.

Why do you keep repeating the same childish point when you know it's rubbish?
I think that's the type of myth that the blog is trying to dispel, Islam is not a political system. The theocracy is the political system that draws legitimacy from the religion. 

Islam is no more a political system than Judaism or Christianity.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Downmodded for suggesting we  *read* the book so many redditors bash? 

Odd. 

Still, I have read the odd bit of the new testament but the two just don't go together very well. They are two hole books glued together with different ideologies that do not work together.
I disagree. There are too many people for whom an Islamic state is a goal. There are too many nations in which Islam is the primary guide in shaping their institutions. At best, Islam is ambiguous with respect to its political ambitions and some Muslims do simply regard it as a religions. But again, in too many situations, thats not the case.

I don't think its a myth. We'll have to agree to disagree on that one.
Oh really?  People *say* that "anti-semitism" means prejudice against people for semitic background, but they only do that in stupid debates like this because they know, whether they admit it or not, that people don't *use* the term to mean that.  When they see the term *used* (as opposed to having its meaning debated), they know that the person using it is referring to prejudice against or hostility to Jews.
Sure.

But what you're missing is the definition of "anti-semitic", which means prejudice against or hostility towards Jews.

Language can be funny.  There are a lot of words that don't mean what their roots imply they mean.  You use words like this all the time, often not even aware of the etymology.  But when you are aware of it (someone brought up "pro-life" as a good example), that doesn't get in the way of knowing what the term actually refers to.

Now, if there actually were some real phenomenon of people being prejudiced against "people of semitic background", and we really needed a term for that, then there might be some movement to change the meaning of "anti-semitic" to be that term, and it might have some chance of succeeding.  But no such phenomenon exists, no words is needed for it, and the meaning of "anti-semitism" is long-established and unambiguous.
You are wrong.  People refer to it as Farsi in English commonly, and it is accepted.  Some people prefer Farsi, some prefer Persian, but both are legitimate and well understood words.  I prefer to say "Farsi" because that makes it clear that I'm referring to the language, without having to use the word "language" in the same sentence (or a construction like "speak ___") to make it clear.  In some contexts I call it Persian when that seems to make sense, too.
Huh?

For the record, I am a semite, so perhaps I should ask myself?
Well, Afghans really *aren't* Arabs.  Afghanistan has a mix of ethnicities, with none being a majority, but Arabs are not even a significantly-sized minority.  Major ethnic groups in Afghanistan include Persian, Pashtun, and Turk.

Egyptians are an unusual mix, because ancient Egyptians were not of Arabic descent, but after tribes from Arabia swept across the region and predominated for centuries, they also became the largest component of the ancestry of most modern Egyptians.  Egyptians partly want to view themselves separately for purpose of cultural identity, and to connect with Egypt's storied past.  On the other hand, they do speak Arabic (though a different dialect), and their ethnic background is more Arabic than not.

Think of it as something vaguely similar to how people in Britain feel about being European vs. not European.  They're a little of both.
Yes really, for an example of someone using the term anti-semitism to mean something other than hostility towards Jews RTFA.  You can argue that this usage is incorrect, but the author and others use the term to refer to something else, therefore the assertion:    
    
&gt;since its creation it has been used exclusively to refer to hostility towards Jews    
    
Is clearly false.
Nope.  Like I said, people *say* that it refers to semitic background, but they don't *use* it that way.  This article fits the pattern: He's not using the term anti-semitism, he's talking about what it means.  And just as I described, he's talking about what it means because he knows what people use it to mean, and he's trying to argue with that.
Regardless of where Aryan culture originated, and where the oldest inscription found to date references the term "Aryan" to refer to a people, the quote stands "all blond/blue eyed people are Aryans".

Also of note, both theories are still competing and you can find supporters of each in academia.

Furthermore, Aryan culture along with the rest of humanity originates in Africa.
Nah, it was Ganesha. Apparently, he's hung like an elephant.
Yes we are Iranians, but we've been called "people from Persia" (i.e. Persians) in English for thousands of years so when we speak English we use the term the Anglos use so everyone knows what we're talking about.

Hell, even products that come out of Iran that may not have been made by Persians are called Persian simply because they come from Iran.

Persian Rugs, Persian Cats, and whatever else in English comes from Iran has been called "Persian", so people use the Anglo term to avoid confusion. Changing these words to to Iranian rugs or Iranian cats would be ridiculous.

&gt;They can fuck off with that pretentious shit.

Where's the pretension in calling yourself Persian? Like you say, most Iranians are Persian anyway. Therefore, they're not pretending to be anything else.

And what's with the attitude? I've never met someone who got so angry about the usage of this word vs that.
For it to be a proper Chomsky post, you have to cite your other own posts 4000 times.
Except of course that only 51% are Persians.
Saying it *is* using it.
I wonder how many websites across the middle east have topics like, "What every Middle (you get the point I hope) Easterner should know about America." 

One of my friends in college was here to study from Bahrain. He was pretty western in terms of what he liked culturally but he said his extended family wasn't so much. Just like  us there are all different kinds of people there and even attempting to generalize puts us in a tough spot. But I guess trying to open lines of communication is good.
Nope.  There's a difference between using a term, to convey a meaning that you believe is conveyed by the term and that people will understand when they read/hear it; and *talking about* what a term means.  This article is doing the latter, not the former.

For example: If I tell you that "chair" means a blue plastic ball, I'm not actually *using the word "chair" to mean "blue plastic ball"*.  Of course if I actually tried to use it that way it'd just be confusing, because nobody would expect that that's what I mean by the word "chair".

... which is exactly the reason why nobody uses "anti-semitic" to mean "prejudiced against people of semitic background", while plenty of people use "anti-semitic" to mean "anti-Jewish": because all of us *know*, whether we admit it or not, that that is what it means.

However, knowing that is what it means doesn't stop people from meta-discussion.  People still like to claim that it means something else.  They just don't actually use it as if it means what they claim it does.

(Yes, there are rare exceptions, where someone is talking about what it means and constructs a sentence specifically to serve as an example, but that doesn't particularly matter)
&gt;nobody uses "anti-semitic" to mean "prejudiced against people of semitic background"    
    
Sorry, but I see it used this way frequently, especially in reddit discussions on the Middle East.  There are people who use it this way, again, you can argue that they are wrong but not that it is never used.    
    
What you are doing is the equivalent of saying nobody uses "your" to mean "you are". You can argue all you want that they are wrong, but not that it doesn't happen.
&gt;For example: If I tell you that "chair" means a blue plastic ball, I'm not actually using the word "chair" to mean "blue plastic ball". Of course if I actually tried to use it that way it'd just be confusing, because nobody would expect that that's what I mean by the word "chair".

If you said that I'd stop listening to what you had to say because you clearly would have lost touch with reality.
I hear what you are saying and yes I know that it can seem like that but please since you have come this far and seem fair minded on such matters please can I ask that you press on just a little bit more. There is a link that you should visit - there is no reading involved it is a weekly bible study that is published on the web in streaming audio. Listen to it. This guys demonstrates how the bible is linked and answers some of the common questions that people have.

http://www.khouse.org/6640_cat/
So you clearly are an authority.  Everyone bow down to cos.
Well, according to vava, I'm supposed to "try asking the semites".  Why, or what to ask them, I'm not sure.
Well, sure.  And the same (in milder form) is true of people who would use "anti-semitic" to mean anti-"people of semitic background".
People do write "your" when they mean "you're", though that's a spelling error and not really connected to this dispute.

Now, show me several examples of "anti-semitic" *used* to mean prejudice against semites?  You say you see it frequently, yet I participate in a lot of reddit discussions and I've never seen it except in the context of discussing what "anti-semitic" means.
How about people that state:

&gt;Well, according to vava, I'm supposed to "try asking the semites". Why, or what to ask them, I'm not sure.
So, Iranians prefer to call themselves Persians when overseas not to sound pretentious but because Iranians living abroad assume that foreigners are too ignorant and stupid to be able to make the cognitive leap from Persian carpets to Iran to Iranians?

There are Siamese cats too but people from Thailand don't call themselves Siamese. And lots of people have ottoman footstools in their homes and there's not a lot of confusion with the fact that the country is called Turkey now and the people are Turkish. I could go on.

As I previously made the point, an exception is allowed for people of distinct nationalist minority sects (Kurds, Catalonians, Basques, Quebecois, Uygurs, Tibetans, etc.) who want to distinguish themselves and their group from the majority in their country.

But when you *are* part of the majority just what is the point of distinguishing yourselves as being different from your country? There is no point. That's why its pretentious.
You could have saved yourself a lot of wasted time and pointless argument if you'd just looked the word up in a dictionary.  Any dictionary.

But it sounds like you'll just continue to use your own version of English, in which *anti-Semitic* refers to Arabs, *inflammable* means fire-proof, and *irregardless* is an actual word.
Two straw men in one comment... awesome. I made no inference of the conclusion you came up with nor did I espouse the teachings of Darwin (and even if I had, it's a misnomer to refer to it as my bible).
&gt; But when you are part of the majority just what is the point of distinguishing yourselves as being different from your country? There is no point. That's why its pretentious.

The point is to identify your ethnicity and not your nationality. And since they're not "pretending" to be anything else, they're not being "pretentious". Ask any Persian where he's from. He'll tell you he's from Iran.


Furthermore, even if you're not in the majority, you may answer the same way to someone who asks you where you're from.

An Iraqi Kurd would say he's from Iraq if you ask him where he's from. An African-American would say he's an American. Clearly both are in the minority but refer to their national origin and not their ethnic background.

&gt; Iranians living abroad assume that foreigners are too ignorant and stupid to be able to make the cognitive leap from Persian carpets to Iran to Iranians?

I wouldn't go so far as to call them "stupid" but "ignorant" definitely. It's not an unfair assumption at all and one not made just by Iranians living abroad but by any foreigner living in a different country!
I've never said I agree with the "incorrect" usage of the term, simply that it has been used. Keep up the ad-hominem attacks though.    
    
Edit: Now that I think of it, that's a nice little straw man you've built there too.
From [http://www.christianisrael.com/overview/f1.htm](http://www.christianisrael.com/overview/f1.htm)    
    
"The most violent form of Anti-Semitism now takes place in Palestine against the Arab people."    
    
This single usage of anti-semitism to mean violence against Arab Palestinians, no matter whether you agree it is correct usage or not, renders the original statement I took issue with false.    
    
&gt;since its creation it has been used exclusively to refer to hostility towards Jews.
I agree; "*irregardless*" was over the line.  I apologize.

However, the Bible is not relevant to this discussion of language.  The history of the actual word *antisemitism* began in the nineteenth century, and its meaning then, as now, was clear to those who used it.

But I suppose you are correct that some people use the word incorrectly.  I wonder whether the incorrect usage arises from ignorance or passive-aggressive antisemitism?
&gt;I apologize.    
    
Accepted.    
    
&gt;However, the Bible is not relevant to this discussion of language.    
    
I haven't mentioned the bible anywhere in my arguments, are you confusing me with someone else?    
    
&gt;I wonder whether the incorrect usage arises from ignorance or passive-aggressive antisemitism?    
    
There is almost certainly an element of this. However, I believe there is a genuine argument for redefining the term and making use of more accurate phrases for anti-Jewish sentiments, such as "anti-Jewish".     
    
There is not only room for confusion in the term anti-semitism, the use of it to refer to purely anti-Jewish sentiments is disingenious  to other semitic people, especially when they themselves are accused of anti-semitism.
&gt;The point is to identify your ethnicity and not your nationality. And since they're not "pretending" to be anything else, they're not being "pretentious".

What? You do realize that there is no etymological connection between 'pretentious' and 'pretending' right? One can very easily be pretentious without pretending anything and pretend at something without being pretentious. I never suggested Iranians are pretending by saying they're 'Persian.' 

&gt;Furthermore, even if you're not in the majority, you may answer the same way to someone who asks you where you're from.

Of course. I went to great lengths to make that point several times. If you're from a minority sect it would be appropriate. But if you're from the majority it's weird and pretentious.

Someone named Martin from East Sussex who self-identifies himself as a Saxon instead of English is being weird. Someone named Singh from Leicester who self-identifies himself as Anglo-Pakistani is being precise. 

And BTW, unless the Kurd in question is Iraqi President Ghazi Mashal Ajil al-Yaweran, no Iraqi Kurd would ever say that he's from Iraq if you ask him where he's from. He would almost certainly say 'Kurdistan' or maybe, perhaps, 'Iraqi Kurdistan.'
From http://www.christianisrael.com/overview/f1.htm

&gt;A Biblical Definition of Anti-Semitism.
Ah, of course. Although I wasn't holding it up as an example of correct usage. Simply to back up my claim, which cos refuted, that the term has been used in that way, however incorrectly.
That's simply isn't correct. Shia and Sunni clashes date back to almost the very beginning of Islam, the origin of which has no relation to foreign occupancy. I would certainly agree that divide has been leveraged by foreign entities and has quite possibly amplified the conflict. Not to mention, blaming EVERYTHING on foreign interference implies such a degree of infantilism on the occupants of the middle east that is condescending and obtuse.
Clashes between countries dates back before there ever was a Shia or Sunni.

Five years ago Shia, Sunni, Christian were living alongside each other in Iraq.   Something happens that has resulted in million Iraqis dead, and millions more displaced.  

Sure there was a dictator. But it was a dictator that "foreign interference" supported, they supplied him with conventional, biological, chemical and nuclear weapons technology.  When the Iraqis were trying to overthrow the dictator, the "foreign interference" again sided with the dictator.

5 years later the dictator is gone, the occupiers are in.   Hell is breaking lose.  You want to tell me this is 1400 year old conflict?
No offence, but I am deeply not religious. I read the bible to be informed. It has good ideas but all those ideas were written by men - so were the bad ones.

There may or may not be a god but in the end it is our actions that make or break the world and out actions that matter. We cannot let God take the credit for all the sins of the world or all the good in it either.
None taken, thanks for your honesty. 
For the record I am not religous either, religion is a set of man made rules instituted by hierarchies in an attempt to attain some kind of righteousness. 
If you have read any of the gospels you would see that Christ basically summed up a relationship with God like this, Love God and Love People - that's it. 
But we as humans do not have the capacity for the kind of love that it takes to break down barriers to the degree that would be required to be pleasing to God, which is where Christ comes in. He offers himself to us, he offers to unite his spirit with ours and if we are open to his leading then he enables us to love in a true and real way.
As for scriptures being man written - yes I agree but there is evidence that the authors were receiving their info from a source outside of human limitations and a coming nuclear war is one piece of evidence of that (hence my words at the start of this thread)
You said 
"I read the bible to be informed"
That is the best thing I have heard anyone say in a long time. God's word was given to us for that very purpose - to inform us, however it takes more than a cursory glance, do yourself a favour, say a short prayer, ask God that if he really exists to give you  a revelation from his word and then spend half an hour reading the Gospel of John. I am convinced that you will learn something that you never understood before.
But don't perceive Christ as a Stained glass window, holier-than-thou softy. Picture a man living in a Roman occupied province, walking around and straight talking to people about God's Love for them, no 'airs and graces' - very down to earth.
&gt; You do realize that there is no etymological connection between 'pretentious' and 'pretending' right?

http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/pretentious

"Full of pretense or pretension"

http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/pretense

"pretending or feigning; make-believe"

&gt; And BTW, unless the Kurd in question is Iraqi President Ghazi Mashal Ajil al-Yaweran, no Iraqi Kurd would ever say that he's from Iraq if you ask him where he's from. He would almost certainly say 'Kurdistan' or maybe, perhaps, 'Iraqi Kurdistan.'

I myself being half-Kurd know plenty of Iraqi Kurds who say they're Iraqi.
"Arab, Shiite, Kurd, Turk,Muslims, Sunni, Christian, Jewish... have one thing in common. *They want to live in peace*, determine their own destiny, and would find a way to fight their occupier."

"Clashes between countries dates back before there ever was a Shia or Sunni."
You have a point, sort of.  This doesn't make it frequent, or you'd have been able to find several examples on reddit instead of linking to an outside site that is clearly all about arguing that "anti-semitism" means what it doesn't actually mean.  But you did provide an example, which is something.  Note, of course, that this example is in the context of an essay trying to argue about the meaning of the term, so I don't think it substantially affects my argument.  It's also, very obviously, hogwash.  Nevertheless, technically, yes you have found someone who actually "used" it that way.
Which one you have problem with, that people want to leave in peace, or that as far back and you look in history there has been conflicts.

But the conflicts among neighbors do resolve.  The fact that all the communities were living in Iraq BEFORE the invasion is clearly evidence of that.   

The only conflict that wont resolve easily are the ones when a foreign force occupies another.  The fact that AFTER the invasion not even people from same sect can live next to each other is also evidence that foreign occupation is very different than conflict between two neighbors.
I have a problem with the fact that you negate your original thesis altogether with the second statement I quoted.
As I explained there was no negation.  Two facts can live side by side.

Neighbors occasionally get into conflicts and eventually go back to living side by side.  The desire is to live in peace but conflicts are unavoidable.  The neighborly conflicts in the past doesn't explain the current conflicts but "foreign interference" does.
Are you talking about the incredibly naive statement your proovided "The only conflict that wont resolve easily are the ones when a foreign force occupies another." that you provided no supporting evidence other than your own interpretation of peace-loving folk in the mid-east?
Ya know what, I just realized what you are REALLY saying. You want Jews out of the middle east.
You avoided the argument altogether. Where did I mention inter-sovereign conflict?
"The only conflict that wont resolve easily are the ones when a foreign force occupies another. " Uhm, overall, yeah. US occupancy IS terrible but otherwise has been going on forever.
You strike me as  the kind of person that would say... Holocaust/Nuclear war/Ethnic Cleansing... IS terrible but otherwise has been going on forever.
Yeah, I am all over the Nuclear War has been going on forever rhetoric.
Oh I see, you mean nuclear war is not the same as all other wars, but the fight against foreign  occupation is just like the 1400 year old ethnic conflict!
http://reddit.com/info/6aj2w/comments/c03bt3k
And colored has always meant African-American, at least in America.  Doesn't mean it isn't a bigoted term.
http://reddit.com/info/6aj2w/comments/c03bt3k
No, that's not what I am saying at all. As a matter of fact, despite having written all of my responses at a 6th grade reading level, I don't think you've understood a single comment I've written. Let me spell my last response out to you. You indicated that Nuclear War has been going on forever, much like other conflicts, which is erroneous since there atomic weapons have only been around for about 60 years and have only been used tactically twice. I was pointing out that Nuclear War is quite difference in terms of chronology. Honestly, Nuclear War IS different from all other wars because the last we had, the Cold War, was all about NOT using the weapons. Mutually Assured Destruction is one of those self-negating terms that tends to make one pause. Nuclear War is more about saying "we have the weapons . Don't make us use them." If we ever get to the point in nuclear proliferation where countries feel free in nuking each other, we are in for the final era of the human race.
I realize that is not what you are saying.  What I am saying to you is that you should look at other event with the same level as you just did for nuclear war vs conventional war.  

Don't go back to 6th grade logic when you are thinking about what is happening in Iraq today.

Just as nuclear war is a lot different than conventional war so is the nature (and root cause) of the current conflict in Iraq with  historical differences that has existed between various group.

Of course you can continue thinking that same level, in which case as you said it:

"...implies such a degree of infantilism on [you] that is condescending and obtuse."

Summary:
Saying it *is* using it.
That is not what the term means.
I don't think that's the same thing.
There is no difference between a Persian and an Iranian.
People from Iran are also known as Persians, and they are not Arabs.
Like I said, people *say* that it refers to semitic background, but they don't *use* it that way.
Even a jew can be antisemitic.
&gt; There is no difference between a Persian and an Iranian.
Why are Iranians Persian and not Arab?
And there are Iranians that speak Arabic, and Arabs that speak Farsi.
No, that's not what I am saying at all.
I realize that is not what you are saying.
Don't make us use them."
Jews don't "come from there."
The dominant culture of Iran *is* Persian.
What is Persian is Iranian.
I think your missing the point.
Iran means "land of Aryans".
Ask any Persian where he's from.
I don't think its a myth.
If you speak Arabic, your a semite.
Iranian Kurds for example are not Persian but they are Iranian.
That's one of the reasons it's hated by most Arab countries.
They just don't actually use it as if it means what they claim it does.
The word 'Jihad' can be interpreted in different ways.
Like you say, most Iranians are Persian anyway.
I didn't know that Iranians are not considered Arabic.
You want Jews out of the middle east.
But I suppose you are correct that some people use the word incorrectly.
The issue is ethnic Persians in Iran not ethnic Persians in India.
Persians and Arabs are two different ethnic groups, but they are both caucasian.
Also, I know someone who came here (wherever here is) from Iran and says he is not Iranian, but is Persian.
One thing that I think is interesting is that many people, even scholars (!)
People still like to claim that it means something else.
No, saying someone is anti-semitic means that person is prejudiced against people of a semitic background.
You can do it again, you seem to like it.
I never suggested Iranians are pretending by saying they're 'Persian.'
And what does this have to do with Iranians from Iran calling themselves Persian instead of Iranian?
In fact, the origins of the word "Aryan" is where the name "Iran" come from.
Yet you call yourself *Persian.
&gt; saying someone is anti-semitic means that person is prejudiced against people of a semitic background

False.
I implied that by several times calling Persian "the dominant culture."
I read the bible to be informed.
In some contexts I call it Persian when that seems to make sense, too.
And just as I described, he's talking about what it means because he knows what people use it to mean, and he's trying to argue with that.
You use words like this all the time, often not even aware of the etymology.
Yes really, for an example of someone using the term anti-semitism to mean something other than hostility towards Jews RTFA.
Arabs are caucasian as well.
Of course, not all Iranians are Persians.
I was pointing out that Nuclear War is quite difference in terms of chronology.
But when you *are* part of the majority just what is the point of distinguishing yourselves as being different from your country?
It is what they believe.
The term "anti-semitic" means prejudiced against/hostile to Jews.
&gt; But when you are part of the majority just what is the point of distinguishing yourselves as being different from your country?
Do people think Turks are Arabs too?
They never were Iranians, and still consider themselves "Persian."
What is even the definition of the word "Aryan"?
For example: If I tell you that "chair" means a blue plastic ball, I'm not actually *using the word "chair" to mean "blue plastic ball"*.
I hate it when people make that mistake, and when I say people I mean everyone.
And yes, there are Arabs, Jews and a number of other non-Aryan minorities living in Iran that are not Persians.
I'm sure you can think of a few that have.
Finally I understand the difference between Sunni and Shia.
Clearly nothing to do with its meaning in English.
Here are some things I feel Americans should really know about the Middle East.
who want to distinguish themselves and their group from the majority in their country.
I've never said I agree with the "incorrect" usage of the term, simply that it has been used.
The point is to identify your ethnicity and not your nationality.
This is a fact relevant to the Middle East.
And no, Jihad doesn't *have to be* a bad thing.
It was the other way around.
&gt;-In Arabic, the term Jihad does not mean holy war.
Now, show me several examples of "anti-semitic" *used* to mean prejudice against semites?
The last I heard Egyptians would not be impressed being called Arabs.
One can very easily be pretentious without pretending anything and pretend at something without being pretentious.
Clearly both are in the minority but refer to their national origin and not their ethnic background.
There are people who use it this way, again, you can argue that they are wrong but not that it is never used.
Ya know what, I just realized what you are REALLY saying.
There is nothing wrong with the term _anti-Jewish_.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.90
