Original Response:
first!
Not like those bullets from real guns, they have a very small side-effect profile.
Unfortunately cops are not using tasers like real guns, they are using them like strong language. Sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never AUUGGGH DON'T TASE ME BRO.
Normally a kid like that would have been made "compliant" with a long hard stick and a knee to the back of the head... I think that the taser was far safer for him, did less long-term damage, and most importantly, was tremendously entertaining.
[deleted]
Exactly.  Cops are trained in how to control a suspect.  Some poorly trained or lazy cops are using Tasers when they should be using a grab and/or their club.
If tasers were controlled as strictly as guns I'd be happy having them used by police.

They should have the same controls in place to prevent abuse as they have with firearms - ie report each use, document it, committee review of appropriateness of use, etc.
Though submission holds aren't immune to abuse reports too. My friend is a cop and he once had to arrest my cousin, who was drunk, making threats to another person. My cop friend initially offered him a ride home so he could sleep it off. My cousin chose option B, and became combative. My friend had him on the ground, knee to the neck and was hitting him on the inside of the elbow so he could get his hands behind his back to cuff. One of our neighbours saw this and reported it to the local media and they blew it completely out of proportion.
that totally worked for that guy shot at his wedding
A bruise goes away in a couple weeks a broken arm in a month or so, death is a permanent condition.

While it was hilarious it was grossly overboard for 3 cops to submit one unarmed person.
That's just it. I think nearly everyone would agree that Tasers are useful and effective weapons, but the policy for their useage has to be strict.

For example, maybe Tasers should only be used on people who are being violent towards an officer or a civilian. If it's just some guy refusing to lay down on the sidewalk there is no reason why he needs to be tased.
You also failed to mention that in this inquiry the police force attempted to blame the deaths on "excited delirium" which is a condition which causes one to have a heart attack. Thats like saying you didn't die from the 20 gun shots but rather cardiac arrest or loss of blood.
&gt;maybe Tasers should only be used on people who are being violent towards an officer or a civilian.

Police consider not complying with orders as being violent and resisting, though. I think it needs to be taken a step further to say there is a chance of *serious* bodily harm to someone and/or they are armed with a weapon, plus they need the same protocols for firing a taser as they do with firing a gun (ie. report written, possible psych eval, etc)
No way! A high powered electrical shock could cause a heart attack? I don't believe it.
Well one would hope that further investigation by anyone would reveal that the cop was just doing what he should be doing.  It isn't always easy for a cop and I don't think anyone is saying it is.  A drunk or high person can be a very real problem.  They still need to do what your friend did though whenever possible and not immediately reach for the taser.
I don't agree that tasers are useful, what need do they fill?
Let's put it in clear terms:

1) If I use a taser against a cop, it will be considered deadly force.  The cop will be justified in shooting me dead.  If I am not shot, I will be tried for attempted murder, not mere assault.  Many cops and experts will testify at my trial saying it is deadly force and they felt their life was in danger.

2) If a cop uses a taser on me, it is not considered deadly force.  The cop need not be threatened - heck, they can do it just for fun, or because they didn't like the look of me.  The officer will not be punished in any fashion, even if I die from the electrocution.  In the unlikely event this comes up in court, many cops and experts will testify it is not deadly force and my life was never in danger.
Unfortunately it came down to politics and since he's a provincial officer and not RCMP he basically got "fired" to appease the community (he was actually leaving to another town in a couple months and they put him on desk duty for the time being.)

He also refuses to carry a side arm whether it's a taser or pistol, he says that having one is temptation to use it and in almost all situations a baton is much more useful.
oh, lucky bastard
I think a lot of people are unaware how Taser has been handling lawsuits.  They pretty much don't fight lawsuits from cops, they just quietly settle for huge amounts of money, but lawsuits brought by people tased by cops get the most vigorous defense available.

Taser knows where their money comes from, and they very carefully avoid doing anything to piss off police departments.
In all fairness, "excited delirium" was used long before Tasers came around.  It's actually not as much of a cop-out as you might think.  You have to realize that for a lot of people, getting chased by cops is the most intense event of their lives.

Considering thousands of people each year suffer heart attacks after running for a bus, you've got to think running from cops is going to kill off a few as well.
Which guy was that and what was the end result?
Could you post links to cases of 1 happening?
[Sean Bell](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sean_Bell)

End result: Sean is dead, cops are completely exonerated.
&gt;Taser International has maintained there's a big difference between a Taser jolt causing death and contributing to death. 

Wherein lies the difference? Could someone give me an example of the two?
It's simple.

Causing death: Taser International is liable.

Contributing to death: Taser International can weasel out of liability.
[[T]he taser is not the thing that replaces the gun, it’s what replaces all the other things that police might do other than use a gun, like talk to you.](http://www.commondreams.org/archive/2008/02/11/6974/)

-- John Sewell
We're just shit starters that look into everything aren't we?
That wasn't at his wedding though it was at a stag due on another night.  I thought of that one first too but figured there must have been another one.
It seems you have a good handle on the situation.

But of course, cops are in a position of power so they'd never do anything wrong.  Right?
Please educate yourself: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Excited_delirium
No shit, Sherlock!
IMO it would only apply if they died without being tazered. If someone dies because they had an adrenaline rush coupled with a bad heart before getting tazered and the electric shock from the tazer adds up to just enough strain on the heart to cause a heart attack and kill them...

then in my book they were still killed by the tazer shock.  It's what took them over the edge.

The simple question to ask is; If they were never tazered would they still be alive?
But I think the issue (and the problem) is it involves rather complex and specialized cell analysis to determine if an electric shock actually contributed to death.  If you want to say that a taser shock contributed to someone's death, you should have at least a small amount of medical evidence to that effect.

In cases of "excited delirium" it would be extremely difficult to determine whether the person would have died had they not been tasered.
Please educate yourself: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douche_bag
A Taser doesn't cause a "heart attack", as in blocked arteries from a life of smoking and sausages.  A Taser can cause "sudden cardiac death", much like what Len Bias suffered (even if his was related to cocaine).  A sudden cardiac death is what happens when someone suddenly goes into a fatal heart rhythm that persists long enough to affect the brain and other end-organs.  There are many causes, including genetics and medications.  If you're curious, look up "R-on-T Phenomenon" and you'll find one of the most likely mechanisms for how a Taser can cause death.  It'd be great if the Taser company could stop taking legal action against medical examiners!
American justice.
Military intelligence.
socialist democracy.

OxyMORONs.
as chris rock said...

what the fuck ever happened to "crazy"??
Goddamn... like you need to hire and pay a scientist to tell you that!!!

Wake up sheeple!!

Gee.. I wonder if shocking the living shit out of someone could cause their heart to stop....
DUhhhhhrrrrrrrr!!!
dude, if we told you water was wet you would be wanting evidence I'm sure.
Wake the fuck up.
If you taser someone and they drop dead... you are responsible.

tasers are meant to be used as an alternative to SHOOTING SOMEONE, not as an alternative to a fat useless cop stopping their donut and xbox regimen so they can learn how to subdue an assailant without killing them.
that was the original intent- then fat men and women with no brains started using them on anything that disagreed with their useless talentless, skilless fat ass.
'ooh woulda thunk it?
OOh!??!
Isa complete shock tamee!!
hmmmm when does nigger culture step away from the false idea that fucking with the cops or running away from them when they show up and tell you FREEZE! down on the ground!!! is ok??

that's the day you dumb motherfuckers stop getting shot.

respect the gun if you can't respect the badge you dumb self-destructive culture shits, you have no legal leg to stand on if you don't.

an undercover officer at the club had reported that the men were in a group that was involved in a dispute with another person outside the club.

As the men were fleeing the scene of the crime, a car they were driving struck an undercover officer on the shin.

but you stupid ignorant pieces of street trash still think there's no reason for the cops to attack.. it's like gee.. let's just let him run over the cop on the way out and we'll blow kisses and wave goodbye...

nigga please!!
fleeing the scene of the crime and hit a cop on the way out with their car.
who could possibly expect what happened next???

LOLZ!!!!!
as orwell said- some animals are more equal than others. ;-)
I'm really glad you've taken the time here to "do your part" and make our country a better place.

YOU'RE HELPING!  GOOD FOR YOU!
So can gunshot wounds.
Defib machine: High voltage spike crosses the heart.

Taser: High voltage spike can cross the heart.

Class over, Taser bankrupted.
oxymoron - oxy = DIGGISRUNBYTHEGOVT
Tasers have always been considered less-than-lethal.  They are not considered non-lethal (like pepper spray), but they are also not considered lethal (like firearms).

It's rarely as simple as "you taser someone . . . then someone dies."

Of the approximately 300 incidents where death followed the use of a taser weapon, in only about 10% of these cases was the death not attributable to another cause.

You have to be very careful about assuming death-by-taser simply because a taser was involved.

In a similar recent case, many health organizations recommended banning the use of contrast-enhancing agents used in ultrasound imaging because of the sizable number of deaths following the use of contrast enhancing agents.

It turned out, however, that the deaths were not related to the use of injected enhancing agents, but were instead due to the fact that in the majority of the incidents, the patients were morbidly obese (thus necessitating contrast-enhancement for ultrasound) and their deaths were due to the exertion required to perform the ultrasound, not due to the chemicals.

In the case of tasers, you have a very unusual situation which generally accompanies the taser use, and in only a fraction of one percent of taser discharges is hospitalization required.

I'm not saying tasers are safe in the least, but it's not fair to simply assume that a death following the use of a taser is due to the taser.
[deleted]
the sum of it, though, casidnet, is that your sentiment is appreciated.

peace officers of a constitutional government should be respectably accountable.
that wasn't whom i was speaking of, but thanks for playin', mr triple K
oh, fucking eat me. Nigger is a dumbass culture, not a skin color and you know it.
there is no such thing as race either you dumbass.
Fucking get a grip, realize actions have consequences and quit the oprah victim bullshit.
&gt;exertion required to perform the ultrasound

Did they have to run a mile and *then* get ultrasounded? Don't you just sit on a table? Did they have a problem getting onto the table or lifting a fold of flab?

More importantly...

Are you *high?*
Don't be silly. Everyone knows Ta$er™©® doesn't cause heart attacks. Ta$er™©® blasts just happen to coincide with the target experiencing cardiac hysteria.
:-P http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_hominem
Let's be fair, this is a really big country. How often does it happen that someone is killed by police in such a way?
But what is considered to 'contribute' to death? How weasely are they?
that sounded like a rather developmental talk with yourself. perhaps you'll get past epithets eventually.
But, if that is true, a taser could also be used to reanimate a heart attack victim, right?
Once is far too often.
Not sure why this is being down voted.  I'm genuinely curious I've been trying to follow the Taser lawsuits and stuff as best I can though mostly just the current stuff going on in Canada as it most concerns me.
I don't even need to read this to know it's true.

there are a few layers/protections for the heart: the sternum, the fibrous Pericardium, the Visceral Pericardium, myocardium (Cardiac Muscle), and then the endothelium.

the conducter just has to pierce the Visceral pericardium in order to give a (possibly) fatal electrical shock. the Apex of your heart sticks out from behind the Sternum for about 2 inches.
welcome to the free world.
*"Hey, if the guy already had a heart condition, how's the officer supposed to know that? Maybe he shouldn't have been lipping off the police then."*
Here's a Brit charged with attempted murder for zapping someone (not even a cop) with a stun gun:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/scotland/edinburgh_and_east/7279180.stm

Sentenced to 7.5 years in jail, if I read the article correctly.
thanks!

Summary:
2) If a cop uses a taser on me, it is not considered deadly force.
I don't agree that tasers are useful, what need do they fill?
But what is considered to 'contribute' to death?
Causing death: Taser International is liable.
A high powered electrical shock could cause a heart attack?
I wonder if shocking the living shit out of someone could cause their heart to stop....
It's rarely as simple as "you taser someone .
Let's put it in clear terms:

1) If I use a taser against a cop, it will be considered deadly force.
But, if that is true, a taser could also be used to reanimate a heart attack victim, right?
I don't even need to read this to know it's true.
Taser: High voltage spike can cross the heart.
&gt;maybe Tasers should only be used on people who are being violent towards an officer or a civilian.
I think a lot of people are unaware how Taser has been handling lawsuits.
How often does it happen that someone is killed by police in such a way?
Everyone knows Ta$er™©® doesn't cause heart attacks.
If you want to say that a taser shock contributed to someone's death, you should have at least a small amount of medical evidence to that effect.
It isn't always easy for a cop and I don't think anyone is saying it is.
If you taser someone and they drop dead... you are responsible.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.12
