Original Response:
these guys invented suicide bombing...
these guys invented suicide bombing...
Blame Norway.

The Tigers get all of their money and guns straight from Norway, where they established a powerful ethnic minority population in the 80's.

A Tamil friend told me, "the Norwegians are always drunk, so they will agree to most things."

The Sri Lankan people are peaceful Buddhists.  The Tamils are a violent Hindu sect (and some are Muslim).  Many Hindu sects, like Sikhism, have very violent teachings.

(Norway has also violated the International Convention for the Prevention of Whaling since 1966)

Fuck Norway
[deleted]
&gt; The Sri Lankan people are peaceful Buddhists. The Tamils are a violent Hindu sect (and some are Muslim). Many Hindu sects, like Sikhism, have very violent teachings.

Wow, I don't know where to begin.  First of all, let me say that I am not an apologist for the Tamil Tigers; I think the civil war in Sri Lanka has been a massive attrocity and that no one can claim the moral higher ground any more.

But to characterize the Sinhalese as "peaceful Buddhists" fighting violent Hindus is really absurd.  There have been many outrageous attacks by Sinhalese forces and gangs on Tamil civilians-- [Black July](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_July) being the most infamous case: 

*As news of the slaughter spread, the country was convulsed by the most hideous pogrom in its history, a wave of anti-Tamil violence so extreme that observers reached back to the horrors that accompanied India’s partition, in 1947, for a fitting comparison.  As many as two thousand Tamils were hacked, bludgeoned, torched, or beaten and kicked to death by mobs.* [Source.](http://www.newyorker.com/archive/2005/08/01/050801fa_fact1?currentPage=3)

Throughout the conflict, there have been systematic, documented human rights abuses by government forces, from attacks on civilians to abductions and dissapearances and violence against peaceful dissenters.  For some documentation of this from an independent human rights organization, see [here](http://hrw.org/reports/2007/srilanka0807/).

Again, let me say that I'm not a supporter of the Tigers.  They have betrayed the people they claim to be helping through forced conscriptions into their armies and the prolongment of warfare, while commiting many horrific acts of war themselves.  But this is not an easy conflict with an easy answer.  For a good, in depth analysis of the conflict, I recommend [this](http://www.newyorker.com/archive/2005/08/01/050801fa_fact1?currentPage=1) New Yorker article.

Also note: the Tamils are not Muslim.  There are Sri Lankan Muslims, but they are neither Tamil nor Sinhalese; they are Moors and Malays and their primary stake in the conflict is that it end so they can get on with their lives.  It's probably best to characterize this conflict as Tamil vs Sinhalese, in which religion is merely an aspect of that ethnic identity, than as a religious war.

And finally, Sikhism is not really a sect of Hinduism, but its own religion, influenced by noth Hinduism and Islam.  Many Sikhs are wonderful people who eschew violence.
I wouldnt say the tamil tigers were muslim.  Most of the muslim settlements in tamil areas were ethnically cleansed by them (War Crimes.) in the early 90s.
well not quite. Norway is the peace broker between the ltte and the government.
I've been watching this civil war for a long time. Both sides commit human rights violations and killings. However, recently, the government is being criticized harshly from the western countries over torture, kidnappings, etc. The New York-based rights group said Sri Lanka was one of the world's worst perpetrators of "disappearances" and abductions, and described the situation as a "national crisis." 
All the international experts have pulled out the country "accusing the government of lacking the political will to investigate the incidents and said Sri Lankan authorities did not meet the basic minimum standards in investigating serious rights abuses."

Has anyone seen this story? 
http://www.reuters.com/article/asiaCrisis/idUSL31705107

A tamil MP was murdered on March 6. How come no one has posted that story here? Is it because he was Tamil? Only 22 Tamil MPs were elected to the 220 seat parliament. Six (I think) of them have been murdered so far.

These were incidents against Tamils carried on by the government and its paramilitary groups. I am not saying this, but the international community is.
and where does M.I.A fit into this?
Prabhakaran(chief) and many others in LTTE are Christians.
OK, this shit got to stop.

Both sides are RETARDS.

But even though i am Hindu, and Indian i support Sinhalese people.

Because there is no point in talking with those (tigers) who believe in violence.
@pseudotype
&gt; The Sri Lankan people are peaceful Buddhists. The Tamils are a violent Hindu sect (and some are Muslim). Many Hindu sects, like Sikhism, have very violent teachings.

Goddammit, India's Hindu prime minister (rajiv gandhi) supported Sinhalese (peace loving Government) and he lost his life in a terrorist attack by the tigers.

So please don't generalise.

And Tamilians are not "Hindu sect", neither are Sikh.

Tamilians are those who speak Tamil language.
And Sikh are those who speak Punjabi and believe in Sikhism.

And there is a state in India called Tamil Nadu, and chief minister of that state (an atheist Tamilian who supports Tigers) called us Hindus "liers".

All in all it is about two retarded populations fighting because they speak two different language.

And Hinduism is not "violent", if it was then so is Buddhism because Buddhism have branched out of Hinduism.

And i am a Hindu, and there is Lord Buddha's statue (quite dusty :p) on my computer table.
And India with 81% Hindus, have always supported Sri Lankans to fight against Tigers, and have also provided them our navy's infrastructure.
Fuck that, it's way more fun to blame the U.S.
Nope, it was the Japanese during WWII.
&gt;The Tamils are a violent Hindu sect (and some are Muslim). Many Hindu sects, like Sikhism, have very violent teachings.

Wow! You're crazy!
&gt;All in all it is about two retarded populations fighting because they speak two different language.

Like an American calling Dell tech support? Ooh burn :P
these guys made it into a relgion hence the black tigers :)
Long Live The Tigers, Long live Eelam!
finally something on my people on reddit !!
Time to crank up the M.I.A. albums
If you guys want to see the guy getting blown up heres the link. Its in singhalese but the footage is what we like :D

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYy_DFYC-S4&amp;e
"Hindu sects, like Sikhism, have very violent teachings"

With this comment I think you just took ignorance to a whole new level. I am a Sikh. Sikhism is not a Hindu sect and it is one of the most peaceful religions on the planet.

Before commenting again, please take the stick out of your ass.
You are so full of shit it's astounding.

*Every single* sentence in your comment is a lie -- even the blithely irrelevant about whaling.

Fuck you.
Not the highway minister. Whatever shall they do now.
Exactly what I came here to say.
I know i have been dugg down, but i am from subcontinent and know a thing or two about stuff going on in here.

It is all about language.

Tiger and Sinhalese look same, and eat same kind of food, live on one island.

And Hinduism and Buddhism aren't very different.

So that leaves us with the language.

Tigers Speak Tamil, call themselves Tamilian.

Sinhalese speak and call themselves Sinhalese.
Tigers were first to use female suicide bombers.
What are you guys talking about?
Google says this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M.I.A._(artist)

Edit:
The end parenthesis is supposed to be there. I have no idea why it doesn't link properly.
[deleted]
Wow, that's almost as bad as bombing an entire country.
excuse my igorance, but i thought that they strapped a bomb to a tiger at first. that would be one bad-ass motherfucker.
Idiot.
This horrible situation has been going on for two generations now and in there, the only time the tamil tigers and the sinhalese government were united was when they united (clandestinely) against the Indian peacekeeping force.

A foreign force interfering, even to keep peace, only made matters worse eventually for everyone.

India learnt its lesson and has stayed away from the situation since then. Some other countries (*hint*) never seem to learn.
The most interesting aspect about this, is that they are not religiously motivated, they kill themselves for political justifications.
Traffic congestion shall be rampant; your commute shall be hell.
Tigers are vicious.
Where did religion come in?
&gt;A foreign force interfering, even to keep peace

You forget that Govt of India was supporting LTTE in the early 80s.
you forgot the IPKF was running around raping tamil women, hence getting the indian prime minister blown the F**K up XD lesson learned? dont mess with us tamils
LMAO! Nope their rebals in the north/northeast part of sri lanka that have an army, navy, airforce and suicide squadron my friend
She's a rapper whose father is a Tamil Tiger.
When did I ever say that India was friends with LTTE?

&gt;The clandestine assistance came from private sources and, according to some observers, the state government of Tamil Nadu, and was tolerated by the central government until 1987.

http://countrystudies.us/india/125.htm

LTTE was supported by India initially. Later the Sri Lankan govt and Rajiv Gandhi agreed to send the troops. Rajiv Gandhi was even [attacked](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeYTVHb9l_o) during a visit for this while he was still prime minister.
thats pretty scary as well.
Why's this guy getting downvoted? The video depicts the event. It's pertinent.
What makes you think I forgot that?

India should not have taken sides ever. That is my position.
I am a tamil too and unlike you, I take no pride in violent destruction of any kind.
&gt; The end parenthesis is supposed to be there. I have no idea why it doesn't link properly.  
  
You need to escape the closing bracket in the URL with a backslash.  So it should look like this:  
  
    [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M.I.A._(artist)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M.I.A._(artist\))
  
Which looks like this:  
    
[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M.I.A._(artist)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M.I.A._(artist\))
... especially if it has been going on for 30 years.
Suspected.
This is Norway's fault.  They train and fund the Tamil Tigers.  Norwegians are international terrorists.  They are the rogue state of Northern Europe and the US will hand their asses to them in turn.
Uh...

1) No it isn't. Norway brokered a truce that prevented exactly this sort of stuff for years, until the parties figured out they'd rather go back to war than compromise. If anything, warmongering scum like you are responsible. 

2) Of course they don't. Prove it -- and with reputable sources please, not links to "Asian Tribune" or similar pro-war propaganda shit.

3) Terrorists? You're too funny.

4) "The Rogue state of Northern Europe"? Stop it, you're killing me! FYI btw, the US and Norway are close NATO allies.

Also, fuck you.
Thanks. Odd that markdown doesn't parse the url automatically.
Not entirely true. Norway did try to broker many peace agreements, but their money has also found its way into tamil tiger pockets time and again. 

Did you know they have their own navy with destroyer ships, an air force with light attack craft, etc? 

Also did you know that a large number of tamil tiger activists have Norwegian passports?
When I used to travel around Colombo and South Asia on business, the tamil tigers were feared and despised by both the majority Sinhala and the minority Tamil population. 

The LTTE originated the concept of suicide bombing in modern history. They were responsible for over 175 suicide bomb attacks.. could be more. 

http://www.spur.asn.au/chronology_of_suicide_bomb_attacks_by_Tamil_Tigers_in_sri_Lanka.htm

These chaps have clandestine networks around many countries like Canada, Germany and Australia where they go around fleecing tamils for money that goes to the LTTE coffers.

These chaps are into gun-running, drug smuggling, weapons trafficking and money laundering in a huge way using nearby countries such as Thailand, Burma, Indonesia and Phillipines as safe-harbors.

Most dastardly bunch of terrorists you ever came across.
The *only* money Norway has donated to the LTTE has gone to their Peace Secretariat. These funds were given *at the behest* of the Government of Sri Lanka, which by the way received equivalent funds to establish their own Peace Secretariat.

Wasted tax money all of it, if you ask me. What has Sri Lanka ever done for Norway? Nothing but backbiting, blameshifting, and smears (those in your comment being a case in point).

Do you honestly think Norway has funded the LTTE navy and air force? If you know anything at all about these matters, you will know that the vast bulk of their revenue comes from international tamil diaspora donations, voluntary or coerced.

As to the passports, no I don't "know" that, as it isn't true. It is, however, one of the routine lies peddled by the Sinhala pro-war propaganda lobby, and even by the GOSL, which embarrassed itself when its Washington D.C. ambassador repeated the line, claiming that Norway had even sold passports to al Qaida. Way to show gratitude there for a thankless decade of peace facilitation which, get this, the Sri Lankan government solicited. 

Incidentally, the source of many of these fanciful stories is a certain Falk Rovik, a psychotic homicide convict with a one-member organization who has travelled the world at the dime of the Colombo hawks. Using the say-so of a literally insane non-entity as your primary evidence, how's that for scraping the bottom of the barrel?
the site you have provided is a very biased one against LTTE. when you are trying to prove something against LTTE, have some sources from global agencies. i can get tons of sites which are pro-ltte that show the atrocities of the sri lankan government.

where were you when two Tamil MPs were killed this year? Like I said, payback can be a bitch
yeah, first ever rebel organization to have a navy, and an airforce too. they are very successful because they have a motive. they want to sacrifice themselves for liberating their land. they are not like muslim men/women who sacrifice themselves so they can go to heaven.
i guess their singhalese
Watch this even better video of a Tamil Hindu suicide bomber. It's pretty graphic so be warned! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbaEJxuJrA4

Summary:
The Tamils are a violent Hindu sect (and some are Muslim).
Many Hindu sects, like Sikhism, have very violent teachings.
&gt;The Tamils are a violent Hindu sect (and some are Muslim).
The Sri Lankan people are peaceful Buddhists.
I wouldnt say the tamil tigers were muslim.
Norway is the peace broker between the ltte and the government.
Tigers Speak Tamil, call themselves Tamilian.
&gt; The Sri Lankan people are peaceful Buddhists.
Tamilians are those who speak Tamil language.
Sikhism is not a Hindu sect and it is one of the most peaceful religions on the planet.
Sinhalese speak and call themselves Sinhalese.
@pseudotype
&gt; The Sri Lankan people are peaceful Buddhists.
When did I ever say that India was friends with LTTE?
And Tamilians are not "Hindu sect", neither are Sikh.
Also note: the Tamils are not Muslim.
Long Live The Tigers, Long live Eelam!
where were you when two Tamil MPs were killed this year?
They train and fund the Tamil Tigers.
It is all about language.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.12
