Original Response:
Damn your peanuts Jimmy Carter!
"The Israeli government, however, dismissed the offer. 

"Hamas is biding time in order to re-arm and re-group," Israeli government spokesman David Baker told the Reuters news agency."


OK So Israel why dont you call Hamas's bluff accept the deal and when they break it you can point out how evil they are. They have just called your bluff, You say you are for peace but any deal which is not exactly on your terms is disregarded
It's a pretty hypocritical of Israel to whine about the possibility of Hamas rearming, when Israeli holds the most advanced stockpile of weapons in the entire Middle East... and is constantly receiving new shipments from the US.
Israel just want war.
Israel still thinks that it can shoot all the terrorists because it has big guns and God on its side.

Why have peace when it would make it harder to steal more land?

Israel will only truly look for peace when someone gets a gun as big as theirs.  Thats why they shit themselves at Iran/Syria getting a nuke - it would force them to behave like civilised people.
You know, I hate to be the guy that's a downer, but in an islamic jihad such as that which Hamas has, there are certain rules that they pretty much follow. As far as 'truces' go, they are only supposed to be offered to the other side when it is believed necessary to build up strength and that the truce will be more beneficial to them than to the other side. If the truce becomes a real end, all the better, but that's not the scrutiny given the idea.

As much as I don't like Israel's policies, I can see why it makes sense not to accept it - they know it's probably just going to make the battle tougher for them down the road.
but Israel already did this!
there were many "truces" that ended in the exact consequence the Israeli spokesman said.
Israel had pulled out from Gaza, just to watch Hamas smuggling weapons, and lunching rockets freely on nearby Israeli towns.
Isn't all this is enough to "call Hamas's bluff?"
you know what they say - fool me once shame on me, fool me twice ...
Yes and No, Israel may have pulled out but has never stopped bombing once, A true truce requires that both sides stop bombing. 

But the fact that there has been a peace deal on the table for the last 5 years or so and Israel refuses to even negotiate on it shows Israel true priorites
Lunching rockets freely seems like a pretty admirable thing to do.
It's a trap.
&gt;but has never stopped bombing once, A true truce requires that both sides stop bombing.

This isn't exactly true. There has been quite a long period of time, when Israel had kept a no response policy in the Gaza strip. This was one of the truces I was talking about in my previous massage. Eventually, after neverending random rocket attacks, the Israeli government could'nt keep doing this.

Israels disengagement from Gaza was supposed to be the big break to the Palestinians to show their ability to rebuild, and create a peaceful society. What they did instead is well known. How's this for true priorities?
Hamas took office stating that they rejected all prior truces and agreements.  Certainly Palestinians have murdred Americans not only int the US but worldwide.  They have used medical vehicles to carry munitions and use children as bombers.

When has the PLO or any Palestinian group given their word AND kept it?

And they have the gall to complain about a national border between the country they claim and another sovereign nation. And those who start a war should expect to experience it.

BTW, if you actually look at the expenditures Egypt and Saudi Arabia get more US military aid than Israel.  In fact the total going to Arab governments (even leaving Iraq out of it) goes to where Al Qaeda and nuclear proliferation came from.
Oh dear dear dear.  Not even close to the truth.

Israel removed it illegal civilian population from land they realised they could never completely steal.

They didn't like the elected government so they put Gaza on lockdown.

They control the communications, water, power, hospitals, land, air and sea routes in and out of the strip and enforce their will with deadly force.

You call this disengagement?  Just what the fuck would you call occupation then?

You still illegally occupy East J. and the West Bank/Golan and have stolen land to implant your own civilian population.  You have Israeli only roads for fucks sake.

Want peace??  Stop stealing land and let the people you marched out of their homes at gunpoint back from the ghettos you installed them in.

Israel gives Jews a bad name.
Sorry, but that is factually untrue. Israel has tried truces before, but Hamas has just armed itself up.
Why would Israel want war? What would be their rationale? The Israelis would be happy with peace - if Hamas could accept it.
Well, besides the fact Hamas is an internationally recognized terrorist group...
Come on... your entire post is full with your personal (some what hateful) interpretation to the middle-easter conflicts. How can you speak about truth and then filling your post with such a distortion of realty?
Hateful?  Don't you mean Anti-Semitic?

My comments are based upon international law and established facts.  

A thief is a thief.

Which part of my post isn't a fact.  List them.
They want war so they can justify stealing more land from people in the name of 'Security'  Lots of Israeli people think that they should be entitled to the 'biblical' land of Israel and view the current occupiers as 'Squatters' on their land.
Only because the Israeli poodles threw their toys out of their prams and linked it to their 'with or against us' war on Terror.

Whilst I admit Hamas isn't exactly a model to hold up to admire, they are the only force capable of giving the land thieves a bloody good hiding.

For the Pals they stick up for them and support them - no one else does.
After the fall of the communism, Yitzhak Rabin felt that the prolongation of the conflict in the Middle East is, in the long term, a bad thing for Israel. Knowing that the occupied Palestinian lands were the major obstacle, he boldly pushed a "territories for peace" policy, policy that was violently opposed by the Likud and many zionists worldwide who accused him of treason. 

Both parties accepted the [Oslo Accords](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oslo_Accords#Criticisms_of_the_Oslo_Accords) and everything seemed to go in the right direction. Then Rabin was murdered.

The main criticism of his foreign policy was that the historical context (USA, the great friend of Israel just emerged as the only world's superpower) favorised a harsh peace imposed to the arabs, with Israel retaining the vast majority of the occupied territories. "Now or never" seemed to be the slogan of the right. 

Since Rabin, who had acquired a great reputation worldwide, was an obstacle, they killed him (and made him a national hero right after that).

After his death, the Israelis elected a right-wing coalition led by the Likud candidate, Benjamin Netanyahu who resumed the settlement program and that spun Palestinian attacks and Israeli retaliations on a moderate scale. All this continued during the Ehud Barak administration.

Then the Israeli opposition leader Ariel Sharon [a war hawk](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sabra_and_Shatila_massacre) with a Likud party delegation, and surrounded by hundreds of Israeli riot police, visited the mosque compound of the Temple Mount in the Old City of Jerusalem, a holy place for the Muslims. The Arabs considered this visit as a provocation and huge riots ensued. The second Intifada was born. 

Ariel Sharon, now a hero of the right wingers , ran against Ehud Barak and won the elections. He withdrew from Gaza (while excpanding the settlements in the West bank) and he was violently attacked for this by the right wing so he formed a new party, Kadima while his rival, Netanyahu, was reelected as leader of Likud. Sharon did his best to weaken Arafat's position in Gaza knowing very well that the alternative is Hamas. He fell ill and died and his party is now run by Olmert who is now prime minister. 

Bottom line, anybody in Israel who is willing to make concessions doesn't live long.
For example, why should Israel allow a country it is at war with use its roads.

The blockade didn't start when Hamas was elected, it started when Hamas started launching rockets into civillian populations(war crime condemned by human rights groups) and an incursion which ended with several Israeli soldiers getting killed and one was kidnapped.

Israel asked Palestinians to stay when Israel was established. And millions stayed, and many of those are currently voting residents of Israel. At the same time Arab countries around Israel stole land four times the size of Israel from Jews, and forced the Jews to leave.
No, I don't mean Anti-Semitic(wouldn't you just love it if I called you that...) I'm talking about the kind of hate that makes you take Israels biggest step towards Palestinians demands, and turn it into some kind of evil plot.

what part of your post isn't a fact? 
Israel does "control the communications, water, power, hospitals, land, air and sea routes in and out of the strip and enforce their will with deadly force.", but what bothers me is your skillful disregard  to what events had led Israel to take these actions.
Because the US (as controlled by Israel) pressed everyone into it. Of course calling Hamas a terrorist group is a bit difficult since they're being occupied by an invading force. The oppressors want to be the victims, that's rich.
Another point about this to be considered:  Hamas is one of many terrorist/murderer groups in Gaza.  One.  They categorically deny responsibility or control over the others.
Yet they insist on a Israeli-total Palestinian-only-Hamas cease fire.  Which instantly creates the open market for other groups to ramp up their terroistic activities.
Don't think Hamas doesn't know this.  This is central to their strategy in what appears to be a can't-lose offer:  Either Israel rejects the truce (and gains the appearance of not desiring peace) or they accept it (and the other terrorist groups get to expand their activities until Israel responds, and Israel becomes the truce-breaker).
This happened last time.  And the time before.  And the time before.
When Hamas is willing to be part of a BROAD AND GENERAL peace process that is believable, then there will be progress.
Arafat revealed the true intent years ago when he refused the deal Clinton managed to develop. Clinton himself has said this. They do not want a deal,they want Israel gone.
What are they up to?
[deleted]
Is your name actually Steve, or are you perchance named for Dr. Steven Hereti?
http://reddit.com/info/6h6p0/comments/c03ty93

See here.  Hamas has no plans to break the truce: it will leave the attacking to other militant groups that are not parties to the truce, forcing Israel to respond and break the truce for their own safety.
Have you studied the history of the region, and the wars of aggression that the neighboring Arab countries started in order to parcel out Palestine? You're living in a fantasy world if you think that these countries have an interest in an independent Palestine.

Perhaps Israel's probable possession of a nuke has forced "Iran/Syria" to behave like civilized people. Don't believe me? Look what happens when "Iran/Syria" battles people who are defenseless.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hama_Massacre
Oh, are they? I didn't know that. All I noticed was that part in their charter where they say Israel needs to be destroyed, while Fatah is actually forming the bureaucratic infrastructure of a real nation, with ties to Israel, which isn't going anywhere. Do you seriously think that "giving the land thieves a bloody good hiding" is 1) actually productive towards giving ordinary Palestinians a decent lifestyle, or 2) anywhere near true?
So how does giving back the Sinai to Egypt fit into this scheme of world domination?
Danger, Will Robinson!
Blah2!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Its not their roads.  They may have built them, but they are not on land which is theirs to build on.-its stolen by thieves for thieves to use.

The blockade has been in operations for years, its just got worse recently.  WTF was Israel doing importing their civilian population in Gaza for at all?
The events you talk about are the resistance they got to stealing.  As I said before and you tastily acknowledged, Israel is built on theft and riding roughshod over international law.

Why should we condemn one side for fighting back when the other is trying to ethnically cleanse  the area?

Wouldn't Israel be a nicer place it live if you could just get rid of the Arabs?
Israel was attacked on every side by Arab nations. If they didn't attack Israel wouldn't have had to take land to create a buffer. Next time tell them not to attack. A theif is one who attacks, not someone who takes in self defence. Give me an example of a road on occupied land that Palestinians can't use. 

After Israel pulled out of the Gaza strip there was no blockade, thats how Hamas got all the weapons they wanted and started using them to attack Israel. Gaza was part of Israel, the government wasn't importing anyone. If someone wanted to go live there they did, its a democracy people have freedoms.
When Israel was formed they asked the Palestinians to stay and be part of it. Currently 20% of Israel is Arab, and many are voting citizens of Israel. There is a difference between fighting back against a military and committing war crimes by attempting to kill as many civilians as possible. And because of all the work put into Israel by both Arabs and Jews, Israel is a great place to live.
True Israel was attacked and did a good job at defending itself.  But this taking land for a buffer crap doesn't stack up.  If you need this buffer then why was it nano seconds before you started implanting your civilians into the area?

As for no blockage after the civilians left, you think the Pals had an open border with Egypt? You're so misinformed its sad.
Israel just want war, they are just waiting the right moment. And it seems very near. This week theres been so much war talking and preparation by US that its scary. Abbas just returned from meeting Bush and said that he failed and the Peace Talks are not going...Becouse they (and i must add islam too and christians) believe in a religion where theres and rapture and apocalypse, and a stupid desire of implementing geopolitic policies based in fictional prophecies... They are prepared mentally, religiusly and military to make this happen and is about time. Geopolitically, Israel has the momentum, Bush admin is in place to strike and support a israeli attack on Hezbulla and Iran (using aibases in Iraq) and Hamas. I dont know why i got downmoded, hehe must be some "jew conspyracy" (sarcastic) hehehe, nah just some bunch of ignorants. Israel wants war becouse they really fear islam, and they fear a world order where all nations has a said in UN where they are obligued to restore to 1967 territories and help create a palestinian state. Plus israelis are a higly military society without a constitution and racist and with houndreds of nukes.

Summary:
Why would Israel want war?
Don't think Hamas doesn't know this.
Israel was attacked on every side by Arab nations.
Israel has tried truces before, but Hamas has just armed itself up.
The Israelis would be happy with peace - if Hamas could accept it.
If they didn't attack Israel wouldn't have had to take land to create a buffer.
but Israel already did this!
what part of your post isn't a fact?
Israel just want war, they are just waiting the right moment.
When Israel was formed they asked the Palestinians to stay and be part of it.
Israel gives Jews a bad name.
Why have peace when it would make it harder to steal more land?
Give me an example of a road on occupied land that Palestinians can't use.
WTF was Israel doing importing their civilian population in Gaza for at all?
For example, why should Israel allow a country it is at war with use its roads.
Which part of my post isn't a fact.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
