Original Response:
This is incorrect. Chinese authorities have assured everyone that the protesters have in fact gone to live on a farm where they can run and play with all their friends.
i don't understand that analogy; who regularly shoots dogs? 

better title: Tibet Protesters "Shot Like IRAQIS"

now that makes sense
Yeah, everyone knows you throw dogs. Jesus.
Funniest reply I've read all day. Lqtm.
[deleted]
At least we know it happened.

You don't want to know what some private American contractors do in Iraq and around the world backed by ex-military elites.
No matter what happens, the cycle will be: those outraged do nothing that has any real impact on the outcome, life goes on.
[deleted]
Sounds like Tiananmen Square 2.0.  Chinese would-be dissidents are still afraid to discuss *that* tragedy in public for fear of reprisals.  In that case, the state also claimed that only a few people were killed when in fact the army was firing into the crowds.
Dogs can't shoot!
From the article:

&gt;The Chinese government has kicked all journalists out of the region

That alone is enough to put me squarely on Tibet's side.
[deleted]
Life goes on for you and me.  Not for many of the monks/Iraqis/Israelis/Palestinians/Sudanese/...
The idea of having the olympic games in China becomes more and more ridiculus. I hope we will see a fair share of televised protests during the games.
"who regularly shoots dogs?"

Michael Vick?
If the even the reporters don't have information, how exactly does the overseas Tibetans get their info? Comon, it is one thing to discuss things based on facts, another to based them on emotion.
Second to stupid title and quote, I'm not even sure what's the right way to shoot dogs.  Do you mean they took them into the shed and shot them and came back and told everyone that the monks are in a better place now a la Lassie?  

Anyways, no one really cares about Tibet because the time that something could have been done about is LONG GONE.  China has already built railways into Tibet and have over 50 years of colonization under their belt bringing in native Chinese to erase their culture.  You're a little bit late to the party.  

IMO, the Tibetans should accept the fact that they have to live under the Chinese government and try to beat the Chinese at their own game: Capitalism!  A lot of the unrest comes from the fact that they see the Chinese coming in a ruining their culture and way of life and they try to cling to some utopian fantasy of the Dalai Lamai atop his temple and the people farming and living happily.  Accept the Chinese and be better business people and get rich and then live well.
The Chinese.
The military regularly shoots dogs for "disease control" among other reasons. See:

http://www.hsus.org/pets/pets_related_news_and_events/enemies_of_the_state.html
wait, why hasnt the white house said anything about this. oh yeah, because they "dont hate our freedom" i.e. we have nothing to gain by going over there because china owns us right now.

The white house will not condemn this action and despite calls to boycott the olympics it will never happen, too many sponsorship deals. And the american public will just keep on watching because they really dont give a shit about anything but sex and money.
Somebody shot a dog?!?!?!  Oh those heartless fucks!  Quick, somebody post the video to YouTube.
"They have burned buildings, attacked cars with baseball bats and thrown rocks at Chinese authorities. Those methods have long been used by revolutionaries around the world, but never so often by Tibetans."

Somebody needs to get these guys Ak-47s, RPGs, shoulder fired anti-aircraft weapons and some explosives to make anti-personnel mines.
Not even clever, let alone funny.
That's clever and funny.
Armed resistance.
Boycott the fucking Olympics already.  And boycott Chinese goods.  It's actually really difficult to do.
[deleted]
So spread the story that the Chinese are harvesting stem cells, allowing gay marriage, and legalizing abortion while paying the Tibetans for sex in public bathrooms.  Then we can act indignant and demand China's resignation.
Because if they had said "Tibet Protesters shot like Palestinians" Americans would see it as acceptable.
I agree.  But what sucks is the Olympians that get screwed over in a boycott year may never get the chance to compete at this level again.  They should have an alternative venue to compete in.
If they *were* dogs, then people would care.
"Anyways, no one really cares about Tibet because the time that something could have been done about is LONG GONE."

So when Hitler took Poland, France, Denmark etc , according to you the time to do something is LONG GONE.  After all the Germans built railroads and airstrips in those countries.

Got it!
You sir are a moron.
Go die somewhere not pleasant, COMMUNIST, DICTATORIAL, china apologist.

F**k you.

sincerely, 
the rest of the civilized world.
The CCP's religious policies, they would argue, allow them to do things like this.  Although China is a part of the UN, which guarantees many freedoms to their citizens very similar to those in the US, its policies don't allow religion to influence civil affairs in any way, shape or form.  This would include protests against the government, or rallies to call for a certain religion's legitimization.  Anti-government dissonance has virtually always taken the form of new religious movements throughout China's history, so the Party feels justified in quelling religious rebellion in favor of stopping destabilization.  In the case of Tibet, it's a nation founded on a Buddhist ideology that contradicts the socialist rhetoric the Party never tires of spouting.  Buddhism is actually one of the five officially recognized religions in China, but it is a watered-down version that has been forced to "mutually adapt with socialist society."  Because the Chinese government believes Tibet to be a part of China, these crackdowns on their "religion" will just keep occurring simply because Chinese authorities will not tolerate rebellion.  It's not difficult to see that the Party is only concerned with silencing anti-government sentiment, not religious insubordination, through the guise of their established religious policies.  Religion is sort of like China's drug war, in that it basically amounts to a war on the middle class, with the goal of stopping organized threats to their rule.
If you want to have an influence, start boycotting everything made in China, until they resolve this peacefully.  

Considering how weak the economy currently is, they'd be forced to notice.  Considering the level of attention currently on them, this could happen at an international level.  

Weak website suggesting boycott:
http://www.buyhard.fsnet.co.uk/boycottchinafortibet.htm

Mainstream Olympic boycott reference: http://www.reuters.com/article/sportsNews/idUSN1444309320080315
No offence, but what did they expect?

Protesting in China is like holding a jewish rights protest in 1930's germany. *suicide*.

No one will save Tibet or help no matter how loud you scream guys. Best to just run and try to get to a better country.
[deleted]
IOC says not to boycott the Olympics, and they are actually right.  It would hurt the athletes.

http://www.breitbart.com/article.php?id=D8VE054O1&amp;show_article=1

Therefore, we should boycott anyone who is sponsoring the olympics.  Far more effective.
It's the fact that it's been half a century that's the reason I say that the world doesn't "really" care.  Of course, we can all try to make ourselves feel better by telling everyone "free tibet!" but that doesn't mean it will do anything to solve the problem there.

Do you think China will EVER relinquish control?  I have no love for China, I am a pragmatist when it comes to problems and that is why I suggest practical solutions.  Accept the fact that Tibet is a part of China and move on to the question of: How do we improve the lives of the Tibetan people?

This is where we talk about actual solutions that are viable such as encouraging long term development and advancement of native Tibetans so that they can become a more prosperous segment of the society there.

We mounted a world war against Hitler only because his ambition extended to the level where it threatened our livelihood.  The world has come to accept China for what it is, a capitalistic society with a veil of communism.
"Accept the Chinese and be better business people and get rich and then live well."

Would this not be defeat for Tibet? Their goal is to not be forced to assimilate into Chinese society and be better businessmen, they simply want to be left alone, and I see China's refusal of this as the most blatant violation of their right of self-determination. In other words, this is one of the only situations I know of where armed rebellion is an appropriate measure. It really is too bad the people of Tibet are so poorly armed that they are forced to throw rocks.
Hint: Replace rocks with Molotov cocktails and you'll be in a better place.
Monk says: Pull my finger!

Chinese gov says: No! Don't do that! it's a trap!
I agree that this is admittance of defeat.  But the question is: live in defeat or die trying to achieve victory?  The problem with armed rebellion is that it will give the Chinese an excuse to start killing more aggressively than they already are in the name of national security.

Even if the Tibetans are well armed, they can't overcome the billions of Chinese who mostly believe that China does have a right to own Tibet just like they believe they own Taiwan.

China is in the wrong but unless anyone has a realistic way to free Tibet, I find it useless to ponder over a utopia that will never come an instead focus on solutions that will improve their lives.
&gt; Why isn't the international community doing anything to prevent and/or punish China for this sort of act?

Where are we going to find another billion cheap employees at such short notice?
what was that? I only caught sex and money.
There are more important things in the world than an athlete's desire to go the Olympics...get a sense of perspective.
Holding an international celebration of peace and national unity in a country that shoots  protesters to death in the streets is unacceptable. China may be a rapidly growing, modernizing nation with one of the world's oldest cultures, but it is run by petty, disgusting tyrants. Interaction, diplomacy, and trade are both necessary and good, but we don't have to heap hypocritical honors upon them while bodies pile up on the sidewalks.
Fuck what the IOC says. They are partly to blame for giving the Olympics to China in the first place. As if they couldn't see this might happen (not Tibet specifically, but the injustices that continue every day in China).
Bang on. People are worried that an athlete may not get their 15 seconds of fame. Meanwhile 80 people died from this weeks protest...
[deleted]
[deleted]
NO WE WILL NOT DIE LIKE DOGS!  We will fight like lions...   Name the movie.
Why would a person even go into a protest like that KNOWING they're probably gonna get shot?  Because once they're shot, how are they gonna further their cause?  Maybe they think getting shot will do just that, though.  I dunno...
Of course I would save a family member before a stranger...but how did you get from "athletes are more important than foreigners" to "family members are more important than strangers?" Not to mention that the verb "save" is a bit melodramatic, given that you're talking about "saving" world-class athletes from being unable to participate in a competition.
And they get to tend the rabbits.
[deleted]
Do you mean get your sense of perspective?

You are not giving anything up with an Olympic boycott, the athletes who compete at this level give up everything.

I'm just saying it's a dick move to take the Olympics away from these people as a political statement.  If they do it voluntarily that is a different thing.

The Chinese government deserves a boycott.  Boycott the sponsors, boycott the broadcasters, boycott Chinese goods, but let the Olympians choose if they want to boycott the games.
As someone who is concerned about loss of liberty in my country, I can empathize with someone fighting against a near-total loss of freedom in his own nation.

I will feel bad for athletes who aren't allowed to compete - I'm not denying that - but I realize that such a loss is of far lesser significance than the events taking place in Tibet.
WOW. Way to make up your own comparison. How about I play along and make this simple for you:

Family member &gt; some random person,
Athlete I like &gt; some random person,
An Olympic medal &lt;&lt; human life
[deleted]
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/03/12/AR2008031201539.html?hpid=moreheadlines

that's because just a week ago president bush removed china from the list of human rights violators.

putting them back on would just be embarrassing!
Cheney watches how the Chinese do it and it gives him a stiffy.......the only thing that still does.
All the athletes going to China will be poisoned by the air, the water, and the food. I think that's what's going to hurt them.
Actually...
They rounded up and exterminated most of the stray dogs and cats in the cities in preparation for the Olympics and pretty much nobody cared.
[deleted]
Tell me about the Rabbits, George.
Name me some countries with the moral authority to do so.
I think you answered your own question.

Don't underestimate Martyrdom. *shrug*
Mujahideen?
"Unconfirmed Reports From Tibet of Dozens of Civilians Killed in Crackdown"

eh?  unconfirmed reports from England are suggesting that wikum fucked the old lady who swallowed a fly (and then a little something to cure what ailed her) but are yet to be substantiated.

Bloody sensationalism.
...I think that's the point. Isn't free press supposed to keep the government in check?
[deleted]
[deleted]
OK, on a related topic, where is all the outrage at some "protesters" killing, beating ethnic Chinese and destroying their property? Here is a flagged video, so you need to log in to see it. Isn't this a bit more reliable than unconfirmed reports by monks? 
http://youtube.com/watch?v=L6XD5A7-Fqg
Tibet Protesters bound and thrown off cliffs like dogs! Dali Lama quoted saying "Thats mean."
You sir, have made this English major's day.
A)  They eat the dogs.

B) Why the fuck did you raise the prices on Mac Book Pros?
I love money.
best part about this: the extreme left-wing fundamentalists here on reddit who salivate at the thought of China becoming more powerful and influential than the US are now confused about what to think of their hero nation.
No, I don't feel sympathy for them, except when innocent pro-Chinese civilians are attacked by rioters. China is undermining Tibetan independence and culture by importing large numbers of ethnic Chinese to Tibet; those immigrants are just part of China's efforts to dilute Tibetan culture and nationalism until it is extinguished. If Chinese people move to Tibet, it is they who need to adopt to Tibetan customs and government, not vice-versa.
damn, all the countries that have the moral authority to do something have no military.
They will when they notice the new rat problem.
Well, I hope you love hell too.
&gt; China is undermining Tibetan independence 

It may have escaped your notice but Tibet is not independent and the majority of the population does not wish it to be. There were fewer than 1000 protestors. Tibet has a population of over 2 million.

&gt; China is undermining Tibetan independence and culture by importing large numbers of ethnic Chinese to Tibet

Rubbish. The people that moved to Tibet did so of their own free will.

&gt; If Chinese people move to Tibet, it is they who need to adopt to Tibetan customs and government, not vice-versa.

Again, rubbish. There is no need to adapt to a culture when you move into a city. The violent Tibet protestors should not attack innocent Chinese people. Two different cultures can happily live in the same city, as shown by many American cities.
Found video from a year ago of chinese soldier shooting at Tibetan. Its shocking... http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=ac8_1205852521
Isn't it, though ? I pinched it from here : http://www.theonion.com/content/news/packers_tell_fans_they_gave_favre
Hell is people. So since we're never gonna meet, no worries there.
Hell is other robots.  That is until Apple starts making them.
You mean robits.
I think the proper correction should have been iRobots.
I am the soul of the PC industry! Bow down!
I didn't think apples were technically PCs?  Dammit, seriously i hate the fact those fuckers went up $800.
Get a clone. Ha. Remember when they used to use the word clone? It had to be the IBM standard.
China poses an even greater threat to our civilisation than Hitler ever did. China has 1.3 billion people, as we are so often told. It's already threatening neighbouring countries like Taiwan with absorbtion. Who's going to be next in 20 years time? And when the Chinese come, it's more difficult difficult to get them out than the Americans, as neighbouring peoples like the Vietnamese and Mongolians have learned.

Summary:
The people that moved to Tibet did so of their own free will.
If they *were* dogs, then people would care.
Would this not be defeat for Tibet?
Accept the fact that Tibet is a part of China and move on to the question of: How do we improve the lives of the Tibetan people?
The Chinese government deserves a boycott.
Accept the Chinese and be better business people and get rich and then live well.
"Accept the Chinese and be better business people and get rich and then live well."
Boycott the fucking Olympics already.
If Chinese people move to Tibet, it is they who need to adopt to Tibetan customs and government, not vice-versa.
&gt; If Chinese people move to Tibet, it is they who need to adopt to Tibetan customs and government, not vice-versa.
It would hurt the athletes.
IOC says not to boycott the Olympics, and they are actually right.
...I think that's the point.
I think that's what's going to hurt them.
Because if they had said "Tibet Protesters shot like Palestinians" Americans would see it as acceptable.
better title: Tibet Protesters "Shot Like IRAQIS"

now that makes sense.
&gt; China is undermining Tibetan independence and culture by importing large numbers of ethnic Chinese to Tibet

Rubbish.
The violent Tibet protestors should not attack innocent Chinese people.
It's actually really difficult to do.
Best to just run and try to get to a better country.
Why would a person even go into a protest like that KNOWING they're probably gonna get shot?
Tibet Protesters bound and thrown off cliffs like dogs!

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.14
