Original Response:
And, yet, Gaza has one of the highest rates of population growth in the world.
What else is there to do but screw?
Build an infrastructure. Teach your children something other than how to hate and kill. But even so, a high population growth conflicts with the comparison to the Warsaw Ghetto.
Yet another Israeli apologist making a wholly irrational comment.  On its face silly comment can be summarized by saying: "The Palestinians reproduce faster than the Israeli can kill them, therefor the situation is better than the Warsaw Ghetto" 

Which utterly getting away from the very point of the article

&gt;Nearly 70 years ago, in a small eastern European city, an oppressed and occupied people were under siege, living under atrocious and brutal conditions, lacking food, medicine, electricity, water, and slowly being strangled in the hope they would just disappear.

Which is exactly what is happening to the Gaza strip. Population growth has nothing to do with it, and is an insult of an attempt to distract from the point. For the good of peace in the Middle East, the very future of humanitarian laws, the Israeli must lose their attempt at isolating Gaza, failure to do so will mean at some point in time, someone may do the same thing to another people again.
So what is the real comparison? It is not by deaths or intent or treatment. Other than to minimize what the Nazis did, what is the comparison?

&gt;Nearly 70 years ago, in a small eastern European city, an oppressed and occupied people were under siege, living under atrocious and brutal conditions, lacking food, medicine, electricity, water, and slowly being strangled in the hope they would just disappear.

The quote is wrong, the Ghetto was set up in order to kill them. Jews, non-combatants in the war, were rounded up from all over Poland and placed in the Ghetto. Periodically the Germans would take groups of people to death camps. Meanwhile the Germans deliberately reduced food to starvation levels. This simply is not what is happening in Gaza. Hamas, OTOH, has attacked Israeli fuel depots that were bringing fuel into Gaza.

If you want a comparison to Gaza try the U.S. blockade of Japan in WWII. Only the U.S. was astoundingly more aggressive in the attempts to kill civilians.
Treatment? What do you think that we're all stupid? Blind? Ignorant? 

Gaza is a PRISON. The Palestinians cannot freely leave, trade, collect taxes, create an economy,nothing. Gaza is a ghetto wherein the Israeli hold all the keys, can murder at will, and is imposing a policy which is slowly starving the Palestinians to death. 

Your arguments failure is compounded by the fact that the Palestinians are living under Occupation by the Israeli, who have been murdering and removing the Palestinians from their lands for over 60 years.  And you attempt to toss WW2, what a distraction and a poor one at that.
&gt;What do you think that we're all stupid? Blind? Ignorant?

Those are possibilities, there are others as well.

&gt;Gaza is a PRISON. The Palestinians cannot freely leave, trade, collect taxes, create an economy,nothing. 

Gaza is not a prison, any more thant 1944 Japan was a prison. It is not a country, so it can't do things a country can do. And its leadership wants to, and works to, destroy its far more powerful neighbor. 

&gt;Gaza is a ghetto wherein the Israeli hold all the keys, can murder at will, and is imposing a policy which is slowly starving the Palestinians to death

And, yet, it is the Palestinians that blow up the fuel supply. And while starving to death they have a very high population growth rate. 

I have an idea, why don't they work a bit harder on building up their infrastructure and put less effort into trying to kill Israeli civilians? 

&gt;And you attempt to toss WW2, what a distraction and a poor one at that.

No, I responded to an attempt to do that. It is a war, yes, but the Ghetto is not the fair comparison. The U.S. engaged in a blockade that starved out a country, but that does not seem to bother you at all. The Russians recently simply leveled the country that was bothering them, but that did not bother anyone. But Israel is fighting against people who target civilians and everyone can only blame Israel.
&gt;Gaza is not a prison, any more thant 1944 Japan was a prison. It is not a country, so it can't do things a country can do. And its leadership wants to, and works to, destroy its far more powerful neighbor.

Your political word game changes nothing of what the facts are. If that Palestinians are not free to come and go, maintain their own economy, then Gaza is *exactly* what I said it was. None of your distractions matter. 

&gt;I have an idea, why don't they work a bit harder on building up their infrastructure and put less effort into trying to kill Israeli civilians?

Why don't you have Israel stop Occupying them then. After 60 years, it's time to end this calamity of the 20th (now 21st) Century.

&gt;No, I responded to an attempt to do that. It is a war, yes, but the Ghetto is not the fair comparison. The U.S. engaged in a blockade that starved out a country, but that does not seem to bother you at all. The Russians recently simply leveled the country that was bothering them, but that did not bother anyone. But Israel is fighting against people who target civilians and everyone can only blame Israel.

What an amazingly stupid comment. Your assertion that other countries do things wrong, so what can't Israel is pointless and makes it obvious that your position is morally bankrupt.
&gt;If that Palestinians are not free to come and go, maintain their own economy, then Gaza is exactly what I said it was.

Free to come and go? There is a war on, how many countries allow free entry and exit to people when they are at war? 

&gt;Why don't you have Israel stop Occupying them then.

Israel pulled out and Hamas destroyed infrastructure.

&gt;Your assertion that other countries do things wrong, so what can't Israel is pointless and makes it obvious that your position is morally bankrupt.

No, my point is that your country did far worse things and is seen as heroic for it.
&gt;Free to come and go? There is a war on, how many countries allow free entry and exit to people when they are at war?

Funny the MSM has been pushing the thought that the Israeli freed the Palestinians, now they're at war..make up your mind. 

&gt; Israel pulled out and Hamas destroyed infrastructure.

You mean with the Israeli fighter jets and tank rounds right? Like that power plant Hamas  blew up? Uh oh.. [Israel blew it up](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3308615,00.html). Really matts2, if you're going to lie to everyone, at least lie well... 

&gt;No, my point is that your country did far worse things and is seen as heroic for it.

That's not a point, it's a poor attempt at justification of criminal acts. Once we were savage, and because of that, you think we should still act that way. Oddly enough, the Israel do act like savages.
&gt;Funny the MSM has been pushing the thought that the Israeli freed the Palestinians, now they're at war..make up your mind.

I am not the MSM am I? So it is really ok if I contradict this mythical unanimous MSM. Israel pulled out of Gaza (what you oddly call "freed"), but Hamas vows to continue the war until they "free" Tel Aviv and make it part of an Islamic country.

&gt;You mean with the Israeli fighter jets and tank rounds right?

No, I mean mobs of Palestinians destroyed productive farms because they were made by Israelis.

&gt;Once we were savage

Do you want to claim that the U.S. is better than it was in WWII? That they fought Vietnam or Iraq with more concern for civilians?

Summary:
I am not the MSM am I?
It is not a country, so it can't do things a country can do.
Israel pulled out and Hamas destroyed infrastructure.
Free to come and go?
No, I responded to an attempt to do that.
The U.S. engaged in a blockade that starved out a country, but that does not seem to bother you at all.
It is a war, yes, but the Ghetto is not the fair comparison.
Gaza is a ghetto wherein the Israeli hold all the keys, can murder at will, and is imposing a policy which is slowly starving the Palestinians to death.
If that Palestinians are not free to come and go, maintain their own economy, then Gaza is *exactly* what I said it was.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
