Original Response:
I feel like this could easily be easily resolved by the national guard...where are they again?
They are already there and easy to spot, they are the only ones not armed.

"A Border Patrol agent, who requested anonymity, says that the well-armed intruders were drug traffickers who are fully aware US National Guard troops are prohibited from carrying any type of weapon and have been ordered not to confront lawbreakers coming across the border."

http://www.renewamerica.us/columns/kouri/070105
And by small unit we mean small penis.
umm more like the actually military since thats exactly what it was created for...we all seem to forget that our (the US) is supposed to be protecting our borders, not everyone else's.
Here I am, trying to think of a way to insult the incompetency of the federal government, but am unable to find the words.

I'm quite literally speechless.
[deleted]
I hate misleading headlines.  

The article is talking about incidents IN MEXICO near the US/Mexican border.  That's why this has nothing to do with the National Guard.  The State Department is warning Americans traveling to Mexico to be wary of violence along the border IN MEXICO.
More: http://www.americanchronicle.com/articles/61358

"Many Americans are wondering when the Bush administration is going to raise the travel alert to its highest level "travel warning," for American travelers to Mexico? How many American citizens are going to have to be shot, killed or kidnapped before the American government move to prevent needless deaths and issue the proper "travel warning," for Americans?"
This could easily be resolved if we had a sensible drug policy - i.e. the end of The War on Drugs.
[deleted]
Just because you haven't heard of it that doesn't mean it's not happening.

From [Sign On San Diego](http://www.signonsandiego.com/news/mexico/tijuana/20080206-9999-1m6kidnap.html):
&gt; Organized, well-financed and violent Mexican kidnapping cells are targeting a growing number of U.S. citizens visiting communities popular with San Diegans and other California residents.
&gt;
&gt; Last year, at least 26 San Diego County residents were kidnapped and held for ransom in Tijuana, Rosarito Beach or Ensenada, local FBI agents overseeing the cases said yesterday. In 2006, at least 11 county residents had been kidnapped in the three communities.
Time to exercise our 2nd Amendment right and call out the real militia: us.
Or don't go to Mexico.
B..But drugs are evil! Jesus told me so.
small unit combat eh?... don't cross the streams.
From the exact same article you just quoted:

"When contrasted to the 40 million border crossings made every year at the San Ysidro Port of Entry, the kidnapping numbers are small. Most of the victims have business interests or family members in Mexico."

My mistake. 100,000 people cross the border every day, so approximately 2 people out of every 3 MILLION border crossers have been victimized in this manner. My odds of being seriously injured or killed in a car accident while driving to the border are much higher than that.
[deleted]
You know how each generation wants to make things better for the next? Maybe that also means weaker, more vulnerable without realizing it.

Do you think "us" have the capability given technology? Plus, en mass we are so fat and out of shape we can't get out of our collective chairs.

Our leaders have seen fit to send the military to various points about the globe. Everywhere but here where they could "guard the nation" as the name national guard implies. 

This is not 1776 anymore. I fear we may be ripe for dictatorial picking, which I believe was the plan all along.
Why do we have a country *this* fscked up on our border?
They're just jackin' the fools that regular Americans don't want to jack.
I don't think the headline was misleading at all.  I read it as: Watch your ass when you enter Mexico.  Then I read the article and wondered if this was just sensationalistic propaganda to expand bias against Mexicans.. with the goals of tougher immigration reform.
This could easily be resolved by Steven Seagal.
No kidding. I live about an hour and a half from the border and I love to visit other countries, but border-town Mexico is just way too fucked up for me. I'd feel safer in certain African nations than I would in Tijuana.

It's a shame, though, since I'm sure the economy there is losing out because we gringos are too scared to go there.
Somebody thought of that already...

http://www.minutemanproject.com/
Border towns are always like that.
Dude, when I was in Europe, I never noticed that phenomenon. Vancouver or Seattle (since we're Canada's Mexico now) don't exactly seem to follow that, either.
"Dozens of U.S. citizens were kidnapped and/or murdered in Tijuana in 2007," says the alert. "Public shootouts have occurred during daylight hours near shopping areas. Criminals are armed with a wide array of sophisticated weapons. In some cases, assailants have worn full or partial police or military uniforms and have used vehicles that resemble police vehicles."

Um, welcome to Mexico, those cars dont "resemble" police cars, they are police cars.  Cops shooting it out with cops, times seem desperate to the south indeed.
It's not incompetence.

This is all part of a greater agenda, of our leaders' desire to keep us divided amongst each other as their egregious violations of their oaths of office and lack of respect for power continue.

(Note, if you will, all the immigration happening simultaneously in England, France...Spain...)
[deleted]
[deleted]
murder and kidnapping? this needs citation, seems like we would have heard a lot about Americans disappearing in mexico. 

and for what purpose would they be murdered?
[deleted]
I agree, however, this NEEDS to be resolved now for what it is--an attack on the sovereign United States.  Not that the US doesn't sort of deserve some poetic justice in that regard after having invaded most of the world.
And they only catch hell for it.
The person I was replying to called it "bullshit" and said that it wasn't happening.  The article shows that it is happening.  The percentage is irrelevant.
That's because a large percentage of them are scary rednecks.
There goes my plan to retire to Mexico.
Warning? That sounds like an incentive! COOL!
&gt;taking place across the southern U.S. border in Mexico

It seems to me like criminal activity that should be dealt with as criminal activity *, not as an act of war.  

*edit: I guess I should have added (By the Mexican authorities)
I have considered this, but I seem to have some kind of mental block stopping me (as a white man) from thinking of such things without some deeply ingrained fear clawing it's way out of my bowels.

I can't imagine where it could possibly come from...
You guys bitch when teh DEA and ATF do anything, so now you WANT them to do something?
Watch more than just obama fannews and you might notice it.

Summary:
I don't think the headline was misleading at all.
Or don't go to Mexico.
The article shows that it is happening.
The article is talking about incidents IN MEXICO near the US/Mexican border.
I read it as: Watch your ass when you enter Mexico.
That's why this has nothing to do with the National Guard.
Border towns are always like that.
this needs citation, seems like we would have heard a lot about Americans disappearing in mexico.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
