Original Response:
One of the top stories in /r/WorldNews, with over 1500 comments is the hype surrounding a certain article that citizens in North Korea are staging unprecedented public protests against the Kim Jong-Il regime. The original article is here: http://www.atimes.com/atimes/Korea/MB25Dg01.html

The Asia Times article cites most of its information from the Chosun Ilbo, South Korea's most popular newspaper. I can't find the article they speak of, but there's plenty of alternative stories on the English Chosun site. This [SK professor makes some good points](http://english.chosun.com/site/data/html_dir/2011/02/25/2011022500370.html):

* Discontent: It's been a harsh winter, and North Koreans are once again very hungry. Rations aren't being distributed properly, because the international food aid on which the country has been dependent for decades is all sparse. What does come through is coming from China, and is primarily reserved for the military and the elite. 
* Easier access to information: Word is getting out about just how deplorable the North Korean situation really is to its citizens. Cellphones are becoming more widespread, though strictly compartmentalized with no outside access. People close to the SK or Chinese borders are sometimes able to get a signal from those countries and communicate with the outside world. South Korean television shows and anti-regime propaganda videos are finding their way into peoples hands.
* Chinese influence: Information is exchanged during trading sessions. I wouldn't put too much stock in this information spreading quickly or very far.

First let me get into a little bit about how North Korean society is structured. Pyongyang, the capital, is where most of the elite and those most loyal to the party can live. It is considered a great reward to be moved from one of the provinces into the capital. They get first dibs on pretty much everything. A far cry from the luxuries we take for granted, but idyllic in the eyes of most North Koreans. 

Flattery will get you everywhere in the DPRK. Young people aspire to serve in the military, for a 10 year period, just for the shot at getting a good job and becoming a party member. Anything you say against the regime will very likely put you into a labour camp. Once you've served time in the labour camp, you'll either die or get shipped to one of the crummier provinces, never to rise in rank again. It really doesn't take much for this to happen. Almost all military defectors in South Korea have done so because they realized their "careers" were in ruins for good. The Kim Jong-Il regime, like his father's (Kim Il-Sung) before him, doesn't take any shit. 

I'm sure every Redditor has read George Orwell's 1984. Kids ratting out their parents. Neighbours throwing neighbours under the bus for an offhand comment, or something trivial such as not dusting the portraits of the Great and Dear leaders in their households. Spies are literally everywhere in North Korea, and for the most part, people are absolutely terrified to speak out. So they put on a smile and continue worshipping the Kim personality cult. When you get in trouble, typically your entire family goes with you, effectively "purging the bad blood". Many North Koreans fear more for their families lives than their own, so behave accordingly. It is truly a dictatorship based on fear.

Still there is a fierce nationalism in the country. From birth, North Koreans are taught to hate the USA and Japan. To a lesser degree, South Koreans, but in that case mostly just the "puppet" capitalist government that they teach is the cause of the North's repression. The North is a mountainous region with many natural resources, but difficulty growing their own crops. The South is plentiful in farmland and food, but imports most of their natural resources. Korean reunification has been the ultimate goal since the end of World War II, or so either side would have their citizens believe. They would be a powerhouse if they could reunite, and the American military is blamed for keeping them divided. China props up the DPRK because they too are resentful of the strategic military positions the Americans have on the Korea peninsula. This was Kim Il-Sung's goal, and all of the shortfalls in North Korean history are said to be an ongoing battle in a long running revolution for Korean supremacy. 

[Here's another article](http://english.chosun.com/site/data/html_dir/2011/02/24/2011022400582.html) about one of the protests in Sinuju, a border town near China. The protests were sparked by police cracking down on markets, which are typically ignored but technically illegal in the country. Many count on these markets to survive, as they are not receiving food from the state as they're supposed to. When the police crack down on these markets, and there are no alternatives to food, people get understandably angry. But the protests were quelled pretty quickly. People were probably killed and injured. Many others and their families probably trucked off to labour camps never to be heard from again. 

That being said, sometimes protests are allowed to happen. DPRK attempted a grand currency reform in late 2009 which screwed a great deal of the population out of any money they had in their savings accounts. Since Kim Jong-Il's *songun* or military first politics are centered around strengthening their forces, the people can be convinced that the poor economic decision was the result of poor high level decision making outside of Kim's scope. Demonstrations were held, citizens were not punished. The regime said "yes, this was a mistake, and now were are executing the people responsible", and that's what happened.

When Kim Il-Sung had tapped his son to be successor, party members loyalties were put to the test. Many adored Kim Sr. but questioned the leadership capabilities of his reckless son. Thus, a lot of purging occurred where dissenting party members were executed or demoted, and key supporters were put in the vacant positions. Much of the leadership of North Korea are directly related to the Kim family, or to the original families that fought alongside Kim Il-Sung's guerilla struggles against Japan (which he is largely lauded for achieving Korean independance, though history indicates his true impact was minimal). Kim Jong-Il is getting old and his health is questionable, and so in turn he is propping up his son, Kim Jong-Un for succession. This means a whole new round of purges, a tighter crackdown on defectors and malcontents, and more credit to Kim Jong-Un for anything nice that happens in North Korea. Jong-Un is allegedly to continue his father's military-first policy, but is also being heralded as brining about the dawn of "CNC" or Computer Numerical Control-- basically the automation of manufcaturing the improve the quality of lives of North Koreans. Part of this is the distribution of cellphones, computers and digital technology, though obviously cut off from the rest of the world. 

South Korea's just as in the dark about North Korea as the rest of the world. Yes, the SK government marked Kim Jong-Il's birthday on the 14th by launching propaganda balloons filled with anti-regime pamphlets, shortwave radios, DVDs, etc. This is nothing new and will not bring about a revolution. South Korea has been launching these balloon propaganda campaigns for decades. It wouldn't surprise me if North Koreans, seeing these balloons heading for their town don't go into their houses and shut the doors. If you find a balloon, you must turn it over to the authourities. If you read the contents you will be punished. If you keep what's in it, you'll be punished. If you see someone else reading the material and don't report them, you will be punished. 

[Here's another article](http://www.koreatimes.co.kr/www/news/nation/2011/02/116_82043.html) from the Korea Times about how Seoul has stated that there are no signs that the North Koreans are staging widescale protests. The protests are small, and localized, and have no chance of growing beyond that. People are not allowed to travel between provinces at will, and there are military checkpoints all over the country.  

Sorry for this long-winded rant. In a nutshell, North Koreans can't revolt because they lack the ability to organize. There are no mass communication tools available to them. There is a great fear of repression from the authourities. The only real opportunity for change in North Korea will be the death of Kim Jong-Il, and this must happen sooner rather than later, or Kim Jong-Un's grip will become as strong as his father's. The coup would happen at a high military level, and as I mentioned before, many of these people are family to the Kim dynasty. I'm going to stop now, I could probably go on  for hours. AMA.

Summary:
Many North Koreans fear more for their families lives than their own, so behave accordingly.
The coup would happen at a high military level, and as I mentioned before, many of these people are family to the Kim dynasty.
It really doesn't take much for this to happen.
South Korea has been launching these balloon propaganda campaigns for decades.
That being said, sometimes protests are allowed to happen.
South Korea's just as in the dark about North Korea as the rest of the world.
People are not allowed to travel between provinces at will, and there are military checkpoints all over the country.
The regime said "yes, this was a mistake, and now were are executing the people responsible", and that's what happened.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
