Original Response:
Cue _Duelling Banjos_.
Rape only occurs in the middle east.
And why should we care about these shithole countries then? Glass the fuckers and lets go home.
Yeah, there you go! Now that they're dead and diseased, the problem is solved. Bravo, genius.
Yes, nuke everyone we don't like.  Good idea.  Omitting the retaliatory strikes for a second, have you ever heard of a radiation cloud?
If they are not around they are not a problem anymore. Problem solved.
Hope she was wearing the anti rape condom.

http://www.rapestop.net/gallery/viewphoto.asp?i=IMG_2688.JPG&amp;f=Anti-Rape+Condom+in+open+position&amp;sh=800&amp;sw=1280
*Culturally sanctioned* rape occurs a lot more in the Middle East than it does here.  Here, a rape victim stands a much better chance of getting justice.
Let's hope some day soon the Saudi family stops receiving support from other countries. Until then, I only expect it to stay shit.
Rape or as some call it "surprise sex".
Any source on that? As far as "culturally sanctioned," i've only heard of it in central asian countries (pakistan/india/afghanistan) with fucked up cultral norms.
Maybe if idiots like you would stop buying their oil and stop invading their countries and manipulating their governments, then they wouldn't be a problem.  They would just practice their idiot stone-age ways all on their lonesome.

They are only a 'problem' to the degree we elect to interact with them.
I've heard similar "frank talk" in online games.
[citation needed]
surprise butt sex
Well, the saudi guys had a point. Your a women way out in the desert, what else is gonna happen to you if a bunch of asses notice you all alone. 

Same shit with a women almost naked walking down a dark alley at night. What's gonna happen if a bunch of punks spot her?

It doesn't make it right, but there's something called common sense.
No retaliatory strikes, only middle eastern nation with nukes is Israel.

It's actually a good idea if you think about it:

* It wipes out the last remaining group of barbarians on Earth.
* Short term solution to overpopulation.
* Substantially lower oil prices.
* Destroys a fundamentalist religion. 
* No more stories on reddit about Dubai's newest cock measuring skyrise
* Long term reduction of terrorism.
I hope this is sarcasm.
If you hit Mecca it wouldn't be so bad. Then they'd all die of cancer after walking around their stupid rock.
this is technically true and is a solution that has been applied very successfully in the past. it is also morally wrong and brings bad karma
Then she would be killed as well. Way to go.
this is so refreshingly politically incorrect, its even funny
How's that bicycle you ride to work?
Oh, I don't need to ride a bicycle, you see.

Because I don't spew crap about reducing Saudi to glass, like that cretin IamWalrus.
http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2004/sep/24/women.gender1

6% of reported rape ends in conviction, less than 20% of rapes reported

I spose anything better than 0% is better than 0% but it isnt exaclty much to be proud of
Prudishness and repression breeds these kinds of sexual hysteria and attitudes like those seen in Saudi Arabia.
70% Sarcasm 
10% Logical Reasoning 
20% Xenophobia, racism, and a propensity for violence.

Wouldn't it be nice to live in a world without a bunch of people that hate your culture\freedoms controlling the energy source that powers your society?
durr.. Bomb Iran!
&gt; It wipes out the last remaining group of barbarians on Earth.

you going to nuke yourselves too then?
The anti-rape condom is awesome.  I think the guy would be way too worried and confused about what just happened to his penis to worry about killing her. Plenty of time to run.
It's not such a bad idea.  We just need a nuclear bomb that only hurts bad people.
If you're going to read this, you should really read the rest of the ongoing NYT series on Middle Eastern youth. It goes much more in depth than this one gratuitous snippet.
I think that this article kind of misstates how serious a sin rape is considered to be. A woman wandering the desert with a man who is not her relative is considered a pretty serious sin in Saudi culture. Just 'cause it isn't a big deal in our culture, doesn't mean it isn't a big deal in theirs.

Seriously though, I've warned young women about letting themselves get too drunk at frat parties along pretty similar lines of reasoning. Is this really that different?
&gt;Destroys a fundamentalist religion.

Doubt that.

&gt;Long term reduction of terrorism.

SERIOUSLY doubt that.
Why stop at Mecca?  Take out of whole region.    We could probably pull our guys out of Iraq, Qatar, Bahrain, Jordan, etc in about a week, just leave all the equipment and then light off a few dozen nukes over the capital cities.  Then follow up with some other targets to make sure you get all the bedouins.  Lets do them all. Do Pakistan. Do Iran.  Do Indonesia.  Do London.
Sigh...
In other words: vulnerable woman = prey for assholes.
I would go with a chastity belt, fits the environment more
:(
Not when he has mates around...

Add to that the anti-rape condom cannot be put in widespread use because the rapists would learn to look before proceeding with the act...
Biological weapons may be the right tool for the job.
*the* Saudi family? As in all 23 million of them?
I just hope you plan on replacing the people in congress/saudi monarchy.
I'm going to go ahead and assume you're joking, the holes in the argument are too painfully obvious, especially the one about substantially lower oil prices.
Upmodded for the username.
I was actually sent this link by a Saudi colleague, saying it was very spot on. It's also very well written and the videos are amazing.
It's Wednesday, and that is the day I entertain crazy ideas.

We would also have to round up every Muslim in Europe.  Probably kill them too.  Obviously the Germans would handle that, for a price. India has a huge Muslim minority.  Do we nuke that country and just live with the attrition?  Or is it even attrition if they are brown too?  The other option is for India to conduct its own holocaust, which is probably better since they have nukes anyway, and we wouldn't want to piss them off.  However, India has never been on the giving end of that kind of operation, and they are still a pretty poor nation, so this would really require a lot of international aid and assistance.  Well, I'll do my part and skip the weekly falafel at Aladdin's Gyrocery. Also we have to consider Indonesia, which is a Muslim nation, but obviously not Arab or Persian. I personally don't see them as a threat, but then again this little endeavor could ruffle their feathers a bit.  I say surround them with a naval force and negotiate.  Also, we could send in Scientologist and Mormon commando missionaries to convert them to a western faith.  Finally there is Pakistan, which is a Muslim nation with nukes.  I think the clear solution is that we obliterate them first.  A bit ironic since they have allied themselves with America and are fairly progressive as far as Muslim nations go.  I guess I would feel a twinge of guilt over that, but hey Jesus didn't die for nothin.

Do you think these are the kind of things Rummy Cheney and the rest discuss over dinner?
[deleted]
barbarian n.:
A member of a people considered by those of another nation or group to have a primitive civilization.

Is a civilization that sentences a woman to death for reporting rape primitive? What about a civilization that hangs homosexuals? A civilization that is anti-science?

Is Saudi Arabia some sort of liberal, cosmopolitan, fun place to go or is it a barbaric, backwards place?
That's way too logical and it doesn't involve any weaponry.
I guess I already know the answer to this (oil, geopolitics) but why in gods name do we continue to support these unethical, illegitimate, oppressive dictatorships and theocracies?  You're right, these places are shit.  Beautiful countries with majestic landscapes, rich cultures and absolutely shit societies.  I could go on about honor killings, censorship, and a ridiculous lack of rights for just about any non-arab male... Seriously, these are just completely ass backwards systems and governments that the united states supports.  One of the biggest concerns Americans encounter by citizens of other countries is that we have become hypocritical;  preaching democracy while propping up dictatorships.  

We like to tell ourselves and our children that we stand for something, and pat ourselves on the back for saving democracy in the first half of the 20th century... We keep deluding ourselves  convinced that we are fighting for democracy around the world, while we fill our lives with meaningless crap we don't need bought from China with money we don't have.  I have lost faith in a populace that cares more about the latest finalist on American Idol than they do about our enabling (energy/renewable/political) policies toward a country like Saudi Arabia. I guess we already have sold our soul to fill our bellies.  Bread and Circus indeed.
The Saudies will screw themselves eventually.  They are a "one trick pony" as far as their economy goes, and that trick has another few decades left.  After that, their lack of civilization &amp; more importantly - their lack of investment in any other infrastructure other than oil, including human capital, will lead the a good portion of the region back into the dark-ages.

The Arabs Dubai have the right idea, build modern infrastructure to have some sort of economy that isn't totally oil based.
Shit, why stop there? Do Brooklyn.

Edit:  I mean, I live here but I can take one for the team.  New York already had to once for you red state knuckleheads, so you could wave your flags and have your oil war.  Why not another hit, we'll just put it on your fucking tab.
For fans of justified murder:

http://reddit.com/goto?id=6jbau
[deleted]
Actually a good chunk of Saudi money is invested in America, hence why they refuse to ditch the USD peg. So when Saudi goes down...
And as for the content of the article; I really wish whichever colonial power was in the region had bothered to take the time to beat the stupid of of these people.

Say what you want about Colonial imperialism, the Brit's definitely did a good job of beating some of the stupid out of the world by getting rid of certain practices; like the Indian habit of throwing a husband's living widdow on his cremation fire.
Excellent point.  You sir, are a gentleman and a scholar.
Not by a long stretch, but a society that attacks another society for little more than economic gain is fairly barbaric.

Furthermore, 'the west' supports Saudi Arabia.
Small problem with that: the oil we'd take would be contaminated with radioactive isotopes. You wouldn't want cars burning gasoline and injecting radioactivity into the air, now would you? It'd be best to just use MOAB-style bombs on the remaining population centers.
That's exceedingly convenient and expeditious, aside from the whole murdering millions of people thing.

However, there's an interesting argument made from the standpoint of reducing human suffering, if you vaporize people instantaneously.
&gt; Seriously though, I've warned young women about letting themselves get too drunk at frat parties along pretty similar lines of reasoning. Is this really that different?

If you took a random group of frat boys out, and asked them if they would rape a drunk woman, and they said yes, with nary an objection, *then* it would be similar.

The point is not the existence of rape, but its easy acceptance.
The only thing that will 'beat the stupid' out of them is the necessity of engaging in open, flexible commerce. This will happen only when the crutch of oil is gone. 

Oil subsidizes a wealthy yet repressive lifestyle. There has to be a choice between wealth *or* repression.
&gt; Wouldn't it be nice to live in a world without a bunch of people that hate your culture\freedoms controlling the energy source that powers your society?

Wouldn't it be nice to live in a society smart enough to employ existing technology  to make itself independent of a bunch of people who hate its culture/freedoms?

Nah .... let's continue to meddle in their part of the world, and talk tough about nuking them so we feel better about ourselves.
And let's not forget that Saudi's are pretty adept at aviation.
[deleted]
&gt; ets do them all. Do Pakistan. Do Iran. Do Indonesia. Do London.

Mutherfuckin' yea! And Dearborn fuckin' Michigan! Fuck yeah!
I'm not an expert on Saudi Arabia at all, but I think he means the [Saudi family](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_of_Saud) which the entire country is named after.

That's how a true monarchy works:  there is some family, in this case the Saudi family, and though the country may have millions of inhabitants, it is named after the family that runs it, because it's treated like it's *their country*.  They pass the country down from one generation to the next like it's an inheritance.
Yeah, I went to Hiroshima and it was so boring!   The tour guide was like, "Over there, some men were vaporized.  And to your left is where the American POW's were vaporized.  And this is where 200 children were vaporized."  And then we visited this place, the Radiation Effects Research Foundation, and I'm thinkin' "This is fuckin stupid, it vaporizes people!"
They're the ones who drink cow's blood[*](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hematophagy#Human_hematophagy) right? We just need to poison the cows.
&gt; The only thing that will 'beat the stupid' out of them is the necessity of engaging in open, flexible commerce. This will happen only when the crutch of oil is gone.

Here's the funny (and maybe slightly depressing) part:  once oil is gone, we will have to go for another natural resource to replace it.  It might be coal or natural gas or uranium, or it might be sunlight, or it might even be wind.  But all of these resources are unevenly distributed across the planet.  Whatever we wind up using, there is going to be one area that has more of it than most other places.  There's a lot more sunlight near the equator than up near the arctic circle, for instance.

And the people who live wherever it is that has the energy source, these people are going to get a free ride to wealth.  And because they are getting a free ride, they will like Paris Hilton be able to do any old thing they want and still be rich.  So, they probably will.
The Saudi's are bad evil people and we are clean, moral and God fearing, women respecting wielders of swords of justice, truth, and the American way.

It is a fact of life that men are rapists. Many cultures are violent toward women, including our own. Ask a woman in this country, if she feels safe being alone, with strange men at night, far from help.

Dishonesty about our sexual selves and dominating characteristics is universal. Masters and Johnsen, and Kinsey both discovered this years ago. How many people Really know these studies in this country? Ignorance is not unique to Saudi Arabia.

As John Lennon sang, "Woman is the nigger of the world." He knew because he treated them like crap.
Yeah, but even the reporter recognizes that they are full of shit.
Ghhhhod that was ugly and frightening.

And no, I'm not talking about the anti-rape condom.  I'm talking about the photo gallery software that seems to be proud to bring you the visual beauty of the default Windows XP theme -- by doing a poor job of ripping it off.
This is why I love reddit. Even something as horrid and despicable as this is excused just because it is a different culture. You guys are awesome.
&gt; No retaliatory strikes, only middle eastern nation with nukes is Israel.

You don't count Pakistan as part of the Mideast then?
I'm trying, not to rape you, but to make you do something to this comment.  If you don't, then I will rape you.
.. and the world is in no short supply of assholes ..
this "frank" sounds like a jerk
&gt;Finally there is Pakistan, which is a Muslim nation with nukes. I think the clear solution is that we obliterate them first. A bit ironic since they have allied themselves with America...

Isn't Pakistan where most of the Al-qaeda been hiding? Weapons and terrorists are moved through Pakistan, and the military fly white flags on their vehicles so they dont fight Al-qaeda kidnappers.

Crazy me for reading the AP news. (I never said attack Parkistan, I just said they have their own issues with Al-qaeda...)
Are you sure?

&gt; But no one said “just kidding.” What they said was that this was a serious possibility we needed to be aware of. They acknowledged that rape was against their religion, but as a sin, they put it in the same category as a woman working with a man in the desert trying to understand young Saudi men.
From Syriana:

Bryan Woodman: But what do you need a financial advisor for? Twenty years ago you had the highest Gross National Product in the world, now you're tied with Albania. Your second largest export is secondhand goods, closely followed by dates which you're losing five cents a pound on... You know what the business community thinks of you? They think that a hundred years ago you were living in tents out here in the desert chopping each other's heads off and that's where you'll be in another hundred years, so on behalf of my firm I accept your offer.
&gt;It wipes out the last remaining group of barbarians on Earth.

Such thoughts are barbaric in the extreme.
That's the most mature, informed opinion i've seen on this site in a long time.
You have to support our troops even if their culture is a bit different from ours and sometimes even a bit scary.
&gt;It is a fact of life that men are rapists. 

I don't go around the same men as you do.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
In very good working order, thanks for asking.

(...not that I need it or oil to get to work).
You're lucky! We live in a just such a world, if you pick your energy sources shrewdly.
You chose the wrong thread to make sense in.
Not necessarily.  Suppose (unrealistically) that deuterium-deuterium nuclear fusion becomes the dish of the day. Everyone has enough water to run this.

More realistically, consider efficient nuclear fission, like breeders or thorium breeders. The fuels are abundant enough that fuel scarcity wouldn't be the bottleneck for energy production.

Resource would still go to those well endowed with capital, because energy production will be capital dominated, not resource dominated. This shift - from resources to capital - will change the game.
The men she was with weren't going to do it, obviously, but they kept the somber tone throughout the hypothetical to emphasize the reality of the threat, I think. They aren't "full of shit" because they were never serious about doing it, and were simply attempting to illustrate the likelihood of the situation.
I've met enough Saudis to know this article is a load of crap
At least he's being honest.....0_o   still not okay.
They support Saudi because it is in America's best interest. Morality goes out the window when we start talking about the survival instinct of a nation-state.
animals
prey for saudi assholes
Again, I think this is very similar to warnings about getting drunk at a party from a bunch of frat boys: they're trying to scare you, and partly out of concern, but the vast majority of them aren't going to do anything even if you become really drunk.
[deleted]
don't worry it looks like it's all going to get voted to the front page of reddit
So post more of your one sided drivel?
They're animals. Animals! They could do with joining the rest of us in the 21st century.
[deleted]
I think the point is that it shouldn't be a big deal there. It's just retarded.
It's already in the dark ages, it's just RICH dark ages.
Good chunk is in the neighborhood of a trillion dollars last I read a reliable source on the matter.

I thought they had some gigantic construction companies too.
He didn't even say he met them in a western country.  And even if he did, I don't see how that validates your argument; so they're holding back in America/the West for fear of punishment, but secretly, they just can't wait to get home and rape some more?
Bin Laden construction group is one. They built the new Malaysian airport.
That's like arguing that newspapers should never publish the fact that a rapist was nabbed due to D.N.A. in his sperm.... Apparently rapists now sometimes where condoms to prevent that.  But that's like most crime anyway; it evolves (internet piracy from Napster to Limewire, gambling, pornography etc etc).  The trick is to evolve with it.
[deleted]
Gyrocery: Where your food packs itself while carefully spinning and balancing!
I'm sure they are.  Personally, I think that you probably have it right.  However, I'm just pointing out that you were basically presenting a straw-man version of what he was saying. For example, a friend of mine is Persian/(now) Iranian.  He was born in London, moved to Australia at 2, and is studying medicine.  For me to generalize about Iranians and Middle Eastern culture is just plain stupid, because, yes, people do from there do exist in the West, and they do not necessarily share the same beliefs as their homeland.  And this is *not solely for legal reasons or the threat of punishment in our society*.
Sorry, I'm not sure I understand you, why do you disagree with what I am saying?
There's more of a danger involved to the woman if the rapist catches her with that anti-rape condom inside her.
Unless you have experience with Saudi culture, you are talking out of your ass.
I like reddit because people here take more time to analyze the story.  I don't think anybody excuses this.
Well, obviously.  And also, so what? She's probably pretty fucked anyway (literally and metaphorically). Maybe chastity belts really are the futurez.

Edit: I know what your point is, it's just that human qualities like free-loading, cruelty and rape tend to evolve to try and break whatever it is is containing them.  Which is why when you introduce trains that need tickets and have barriers, you get people who jump the barriers.  And when you get the internet, you get piracy and hacking.  And when you get clubs with young women, people try to hijack seduction and morality by drink-spiking etc etc.  I'm not a moralist, and I'm not condoning this. My point is that to stop this virtual 'arms race' is near impossible.  Because both sides feel threatened by the other (I've been writing a lot about the Cold War, forgive me heh).  As to a solution, who knows?
Apparently in their culture they are taught that they have the right to rape any woman who they can catch alone. Maybe that is part of the reason women can't go outside without a male relative, because the whole culture is so sick. Maybe it is the cultural remnant of Mohammed's army, which raped and enslaved for centuries. 

To change Saudi Arabia first the culture has to change. I hope that is possible.
And yet when a man and woman were noticed in a car together in the parking lot of a mall the woman was kidnapped at knifepoint, gang-raped, and then beaten by her brother.
 
First the woman was charged for being alone with a man and sentenced to 90 lashes. Then she was charged for going to the press about her sentence and sentenced to 200 lashes. Then her lawyer was disbarred. Some of the rapist got lighter sentences than the woman. 
[A test for US allies: How they treat women](http://www.csmonitor.com/2007/0103/p09s01-coop.html)

Finally there was enough international outrage that her sentence was communted. But it tells you about the culture. Those guys weren't joking.
Yes, because that's the only place this sort of thing happens.
We certainly aren't perfect. Except when compared to the Saudis.
&gt;It wipes out the last remaining group of barbarians on Earth.

Yes, I agree, except I call that group "humans."
Yeah, this explains why rape is punishable by death in Islam, because the bigots think it's acceptable.
You use their oil and I don't recall anyone invading Saudi Arabia anytime recently. Their government isn't easily manipulated either. But if this nonsense helps you sleep.
That's the principle one I had heard of.  Maybe their initial wealth came from oil but I'm pretty sure they are making quite a bit at large construction projects.
Brilliant! Build us an airport, and then bomb the flights.

They've got us coming and going.
Religion of peace...
When will these goddamn muslims join us in the 21st century where rape just doesn't really happen anymore.  Hell, gang-rape hasn't even existed in the western world, but it's something that's required as an islamic rite of passage.
[deleted]
Westen pot, meet Middle Eastern kettle.  Just like Christians/Judaists in the past. They'll grow out of it, just like we did. Until then, we should seriously avoid these primitive fools.
OR vulnerable women
good
That part of the movie stuck with me more than anything else. Except the fingernail thing.
maybe so, but still entitles him to his opinion unless disproved, no?
That's strange, I've met enough Saudis to know the article is not crap.
Where's the Upmod Twice button gone?
&gt; Unless you have experience with Saudi culture, you are talking out of your ass.

Well you got me there! Apart from living there for several years and having a few Saudi friends, I'm pretty much completely ignorant of Saudi culture.
&gt; I think the point is that it shouldn't be a big deal there. It's just retarded.

Fortunately, they are the only culture with a retarded set of priorities.
Isn't lube petroleum based?
It's at least a 1:1 ratio.
Really?!

I find there's a much knee jerk reaction here as elsewhere.
lots of knee jerking reaction.  But people do read it.
Or did I.
Mouth it is! :)

(for the former, not the latter)
&gt;maybe so, but still entitles him to his opinion unless disproved, no?

no.  He was making a (quasi-) authoritive statement about a foreign culture without including any reference to how he came to that conclusion.  People making assertions are the ones responsible for backing up their statements, not the other way around.

If I say "I think supercanuck loves maple syrup candy and rough animal sex", people *should* challenge me on how I know that.

As it is, xcbsmith responded appropriately so my original point is moot.
&gt; You use their oil and I don't recall anyone invading Saudi Arabia anytime recently.

The American presence in Saudi is a source of irritation to fundamentalists, one of the motivations behind 9/11. And our invasion of Iraq created even more anti-Americanism. The US has a long relationship with the Saudi ruling class, a class that simultaneously enforces a level of religious orthodoxy, but also tolerates a heathen presence.

People like IamWalrus rage and sputter at the Saudis being a 'problem' and suggest turning them to glass. I'm just pointing out that he, and all of us, have made a bargain with the devil. We love our oil, and are thus locked in an embrace with these people.  If we learned to do without foreign oil, they wouldn't be a concern.
[deleted]
His opinion was well thought out and logical. A combative challenge wasn't necessary as he wasn't asserting this is the way it is since it is hard to measure "seriousness" and the accuracy of analogies.

People would be wasting their time challenging your "assertion" since it was neither well thought out nor logical.
Amarica is the great'est and strongest country around and if you hate it so much then leave.  Tell your kids we are garbage we dont care and we dont need you because you are allready garbage.  I bet your from europe or somthin?  We saved your ass in WWII and if it was not for us you would all be speaking german by now.
WOW.  I think the parent was simply pointing out that their society and govt that lacks civil rights is messed up - not their culture, or the vast majority of their people, or even their religion for that matter, although I am sure some guys on here would disagree.  I can't see how you can argue with that.  Any govt or systemthat allows girls to be killed by their male relatives in the name of honour or who punishes the victim of rape more harshly than the attacker is seriously less evolved.
Holy moment of clarity batman!  The reason we have prop up dictatorships in places like Africa, Asia and the Middle East is because its in the best interests of a very select few and those people hold power.  The rest of the country (particularly Ethic White People with No College -- EWPNC)  don't care!  They are too busy being spoon fed infotainment YES Bread and Circuses!  Most americans don't give two shits about genocide in Sudan, a military dictatorship in Pakistan, or a Theocracy/Monarchy in Saudi Arabia - they just care about cheap prices at Walmart.  Life in Saudi Arabia is shit for women, truly, but its great for the men,and even better for those in power.
To answer your question, YES, It is really that different.  The difference is that in the UK, if frat boys rape a woman who was too drunk at a party, the men will be punished and the woman will be given support and have access to counseling.  In Saudi Arabia, the men will likely go un-punished, the woman will be whipped, and will face the risk of being murdered by men in her family who feel she has disgraced them.. and they in turn will not face serious punishment for the murder.
I'm in California. And please to be explaining which state the hawkish Democrat candidate represents.
I would add that opposing genocide is more advanced than advocating it.
No, you simply are blind to reality. While it is likely true that you and I do not share friends, it is irrelevant to male behavior.
Swallow much propaganda do we?
*Disclaimer*: I have no reason to believe xcbsmith is incorrect since he backed up his assertion with more information.  I now have no quarrel with what he said.

&gt;His opinion was well thought out and logical.

There was no evidence from his original statement that it was well thought out.  It also wasn't "logical", merely "possible".

&gt;A combative challenge wasn't necessary as he wasn't asserting this is the way it is since it is hard to measure "seriousness" and the accuracy of analogies.

If that latter part of what you say is true, why would he mention it at all?  I'm not sure I understand what you're saying.  If his analogy is inaccurate, I should have called him on it.  The "seriousness" part is too vague for me to comment on so I won't waste your time.

&gt;People would be wasting their time challenging your "assertion" since it was neither well thought out nor logical.

My assertion was meant to demonstrate that just because somebody says something that might have a glimmer of truth (like Canadians liking maple syrup candy [1]) doesn't mean that it *really* has any truth in it at all.

Apparently the thought behind my comparison was not clear.

[1] it has been said that "You can tell who is a Canadian because they can eat more than one maple syrup candy without barfing".
Mono-consentual love making.
whatever. your penis is bigger, happy?
[deleted]
&gt;your penis is bigger

That's what your mother said.

I'm sorry you equate all argument with competition rather than search for a correct answer.
&gt;That's what your mother said.

with all that intellectual fire power, that's what you came up with?

&gt;I'm sorry you equate all argument with competition rather than search for a correct answer.

yes, lets banter back and forth in search of this mythical "correct answer" ... or we can just agree that you've found it and move on.

Summary:
If you don't, then I will rape you.
I don't go around the same men as you do.
you going to nuke yourselves too then?
(...not that I need it or oil to get to work).
Well, the saudi guys had a point.
I'm not sure I understand what you're saying.
Personally, I think that you probably have it right.
Yes, nuke everyone we don't like.
Then she would be killed as well.
I hope that is possible.
But people do read it.
And no, I'm not talking about the anti-rape condom.
Do we nuke that country and just live with the attrition?
But it tells you about the culture.
That's the principle one I had heard of.
You're right, these places are shit.
This is why I love reddit.
&gt; Unless you have experience with Saudi culture, you are talking out of your ass.
I hope this is sarcasm.
&gt; I think the point is that it shouldn't be a big deal there.
People would be wasting their time challenging your "assertion" since it was neither well thought out nor logical.
I don't think anybody excuses this.
I'm trying, not to rape you, but to make you do something to this comment.
Unless you have experience with Saudi culture, you are talking out of your ass.
I think the point is that it shouldn't be a big deal there.
It's not such a bad idea.
So when Saudi goes down...
I like reddit because people here take more time to analyze the story.
&gt; You use their oil and I don't recall anyone invading Saudi Arabia anytime recently.
I think the clear solution is that we obliterate them first.
You use their oil and I don't recall anyone invading Saudi Arabia anytime recently.
Yes, because that's the only place this sort of thing happens.
I now have no quarrel with what he said.
They support Saudi because it is in America's best interest.
Is this really that different?
People making assertions are the ones responsible for backing up their statements, not the other way around.
That's strange, I've met enough Saudis to know the article is not crap.
I think that this article kind of misstates how serious a sin rape is considered to be.
&gt; Wouldn't it be nice to live in a world without a bunch of people that hate your culture\freedoms controlling the energy source that powers your society?
Finally there is Pakistan, which is a Muslim nation with nukes.
How many people Really know these studies in this country?
&gt; It wipes out the last remaining group of barbarians on Earth.
And why should we care about these shithole countries then?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.34
