Original Response:
Bravolima, it seems as if infowars is your only news source. Are you paid to spam this shit?
Alex Jones.

lol.
odd dude screaming like insane to cheesy background music
Which Bin Laden video is he talking about? Anyone have a link to it? I want to see it for myself. 

EDIT: I found it. For those who are interested: 
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/video/2007/09/11/VI2007091102116.html
Reddit is now officially in the toilet.  We frown upon digg and then shit like this shows up on the front page.  Amazing.
Dude, you never heard of Alex Jones? 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alex_Jones_%28radio%29

[He's been around for years](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfEuSNejejY).

Though I have been uncomfortable with some of his claims (and his voice), it's good to see somebody questioning the bullshit out there.
I'm aware of his identity, however this video is really badly edited. garbage
How does this infowars crap make it to frontpage with 14 points?
I have no idea how you use your account or how anyone else does. But I don't vote up things I believe or things that sway with my way of thinking to try to persuade others opinions...I vote up things that I think will lead to interesting discussion and this is one of them. 
As far as this goes, I'm skeptical. It doesn't exactly sound like Bin Laden to me, but I'm no expert.
Did you guys know that according to Alex Jones, Starbucks is run by the New World Order?  Even worse, Jones claims they blatantly put illuminati symbols on their coffee cups, on the walls of their stores, and even in their logo!

[Check it out](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxXM65-RplA&amp;eurl=http://www.poetv.com/video.php?vid=14936) Go to 4:35 in the video for the Starbucks piece.
Nothing out of Alex Jones's mouth will lead to interesting discussion unless you are in the batshit insane category just like him (which I'm sure you're not).  The man is delusional.
Lots of corporations use esoteric symbolism in their logos - McDonald's goldens arches, CBS's all-seeing eye, Exxon's double-cross and the list goes on. 
A good designer knows that certain symbols convey messages that are not always latent but still have power over the unconscious mind.
Alex has 14 different login names.
Or 2 friends,and only 12 logins.

Probably the former.
The tapes are fakes.  However, this is blurred by the fact that Alex Jones is bat shit crazy.
&gt;Lots of corporations use esoteric symbolism in their logos 

Absolutely true.  Next time you're out for a drive, count all of the V's you see, either as explicit lettering, or graphic design.  It's not a conspiracy but it is undoubtedly a concerted effort on the part of design firms to capitalize on power of symbolism that has been ingrained in human history for 1000's of years.  It just so happens that many of them can be traced back to arcane original source.
He can overdo it with his enthusiasm, but his heart's in the right place, IMO.
To be fair, so are the videos he is criticizing.  I mean seriously, look at the difference between the darker-skinned Osama with an obviously different nose.  You'd think psyops could come up with something a little more convincing considering their budget is much larger than that of Alex Jones.
Sure, but that doesn't prove that the illuminati or some other secret organization is running the world does it?
And you are obviously a knee-jerk reactionist prejudicial prick. You're right about one thing though,

&gt;Nothing out of Alex Jone's mouth will lead to interesting discussion...

With shiner_man, maybe because he would find it irrational if Alex mentioned the fact the most days of the year include a sunrise and sunset.
Do you have anything substantive to add to the discussion?  Yeah, I didn't think so.

Be that as it may, with little to no research anybody with the smallest amount of logic will soon realize just how out of touch with reality Alex Jones is.
http://tinyurl.com/5ogdxu

HMMM

__Well, cause that video with the short, fat right-handed Bin Laden confessing to 9/11, and the lack of any good voice print identification after Tora Bora, and reports that he died in Saudi Arabia . . .__

Kind of make some of us wonder if he's dead.

(Bin Laden was very tall, very thin, walked with a cane, and was left handed)
It's not CG like this guy says. It's probably a body double, though.

Honestly, [it really doesn't even look much like him](http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/IMAGES/bin_laden_videos.jpg)...
The Starbucks Coffee logo is just one small piece in a huge puzzle. Getting the full picture from that one piece is not possible.
When taken in context though, with the understanding of the illuminati's role in international corporations, the logo cannot be dismissed or ignored.
Alex has been doing this for a long time and has clear vision of this language that the elite speak with. He sees the fingerprints of our masters everywhere while we see a mere coffee cup.
Just out of curiosity, is Kool-Aid involved in this conspiracy as well?
Mmm, grape. 
Not sure, but the man who watches the shadows dance on the cave wall certainly is.
You spend too much time on stuff that is pointless. Way to waste your time.
Hardly any of the Bin Laden tapes since 9/11 have looked like Bin Laden at all.  I don't think it was CG, but I doubt that it was Bin Laden.  I also don't see Bin Laden as the type to use Just For Men...
That doesn't disprove anything about this video.
I have a horrible feeling that new tapes will be released days before the presidential election, to force votes towards the gun-happy Republicans.
Wonder why Bin laden never gets old, he looks the same from the days he fought the Soviet Union.Must be something to do with the Afghani diet.
Well nothing is beyond the nasty rotters.
I disagree. There are certain elements to what Alex Jones said which i dont agree with, but he has an excellent understanding of how Big McMedia works and how political power groups think. Now, David Icke is bat shit crazy, but they're seriously not in the same field. That would be like saying Keith Olbermann and Bill O Reilly are the same.
No it doesn't but it depends on your definition of illuminati. If you mean painfully rich elite power groups who control vast amounts of wealth then i agree with that.
Because its well written. And some redditors like infowars.
[deleted]
What's fascinating to me is that the majority of comments are critical of infowars (which is not well written, btw), and yet these are savagely downvoted. The ONLY comments that are above 0 are conspiracy theories or otherwise supportive of infowars.

On reddit, that's peculiar. Look at ANY other topic. There will be AT LEAST two opinions, and both will have solid support. Not infowars. I KNOW there's a solid core of people who look at this garbage and realize it's fearmongering nonsense with a profound disconnect from reality; and yet every comment critical of these crazy theories is down 8 points. Hm.

One wonders if perhaps there is collusion?

mmmbeer, for example, posted a valid point. BravoLima ONLY submits infowars garbage, and yet he's senselessly downvoted? I call shenanigans; someone is gaming reddit about this crap.
&gt; David Icke is bat shit crazy

I'd rather say that he is lizard shit crazy.
How do you spend your time?
[deleted]
The only legitimate question anymore is whether or not this isn't being reported because both the government and the media are incompetent, or whether they're actively participating in this lie.
True, although lets not offend lizard shit, it hasnt done anything
Maybe not that well written in that article, but overall when i check out infowars on my morning news sites it always has pretty interesting stuff. It never says anything without referencing or directly sourcing (which i always check to validate its claims) and for that reason i treat it as a credible news source.
Bin Laden: America's Emmanuel Goldstein...of sorts.
And i would like you to clarify please in what way infowars articles are "fear mongering nonsense with a profound disconnect from reality." I would like to hear what you mean by this.

Summary:
I would like to hear what you mean by this.
And some redditors like infowars.
It's not CG like this guy says.
I want to see it for myself.
However, this is blurred by the fact that Alex Jones is bat shit crazy.
It doesn't exactly sound like Bin Laden to me, but I'm no expert.
Dude, you never heard of Alex Jones?
Which Bin Laden video is he talking about?
That doesn't disprove anything about this video.
I also don't see Bin Laden as the type to use Just For Men...

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
