Original Response:
[Situational Ethics](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Situational_ethics)
Harbor?

How about *become*?
[Emmanuel Constant](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emmanuel_Constant)

[Orlando Bosch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orlando_Bosch)

[Luis Posada Carriles](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luis_Posada_Carriles)
Or *elect*. 

Honestly, Neoconservatism is for self righteous assholes. How the fuck is our use of military and economic enforcement of a democratic, free market, new world order better than Muslims using violence to bring about a caliphate? I'm sure they aren't doing it to be evil, they think it's the best way to live.

It's not that I'm a moral relatvist either. I do believe liberty, tolerance and self determination are the best ideals man can strive for, but it's hypocrisy to use bombs to bring them about.

Not that bombs work of course, but even if it did, it would still be wrong.
Exactly, the us motto is do what we say, not what we do.  We are completely hypocritical and this can easily be shown by our foreign policy over the last few decades (CIA has been instrumental in replacing one crazed regime with another).  And people wonder why there is so much hatred for the US by so many of these countries that we "are helping".  In the past we were able to get away with everything because we were so far ahead of every single country.  However, globalization has evened the playing field, meaning, the US can't get away with its so unilateral conduct any longer.
Oh *snap!*
Haha, I just edited my comment, making "Oh snap" that much funnier.
Good article from [The New Yorker of March 2006](http://www.newyorker.com/archive/2006/03/06/060306fa_fact_bruck) on this group. I had coincidentally read it ~6 months ago whilest digging through old New Yorkers. Not sayin' this is old news, just pointin' out some good (if partial) information elsewhere.
We call them "freedom fighters" though.
[deleted]
I know, we're such evil terrorists for daring to spread democracy to Japan and Germany.
One man's terrorist is another man's government.
And that has what to do with terrorism and the US in the present context? NOTHING.

You forgot to say, "Have you forgotten 9-11?" and, oh yea, "If you're not with us, you're against us", and those other things that get through your tin foil hat.
that is relevant in what regard?
Go die in a fire.
And you forgot to say DEATH TO USA!
Terrorists are America's enemies. When they are doing the same acts, but in America's interest, they are freedom fighters.
Just like every other country. Is this seriously news to anyone?
I was comming to post that... 

oh btw  "Mandela still a terrorist in US"
It has been so successful over the years.   Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan to name just the most recent.   We are actually at war in 2 of the countries and trying to start one in the other.
OMG you mean america is like every other country in the entire fucking world?

Seriously, grow up.
"The enemy of my enemy is my friend." Hey it worked out well with the mujahadeen right?
Strawman.
Is every other country acting as the US (and the UK) is right now?
Yah, they are.

Grow up, read some history, do some checking on who all is in iraq and afghanistan, then stfu and stop being an asshole.

Edit: Also, might want to look who has businesses there as well, its very clever of certain peoples to not send military to help the country but allow their businesses to exploit the situation.
truth hurts.  It's called "blowback."
Srsly. Not breaking news, y'all.
Double standards.
Honestly, I expect better and more accurate reporting from NPR. 

The reporters covering this story are based in Iran and got their info from people inside the country (including gov't officials). Naturally, the people who support the resistance or have anything positive to say can't speak up for their own safety. Calling them a terrorist organization harbored by the states is quite a stretch.
NPR, do your research.
I don't know why, but that title just bothers me.
When it serves us, we the USA, *will do anything we want*

...there FTFY
LMAO, so the mafia were just 'freedom fighters?' Thats all these scum are- glorified mafia who cling to religion when its convenient (IE because we adhere the the bullshit Geneva convention). It has nothing to do with religion- its all money and power. Thats what I hear from the field, but I bet you don't find that truth on reddit. Quotes like that prove how ignorant you naive public are.
please don't tell republicans this kind of stuff.  it complicates their good/evil world view.
Or Obama/Clinton
Honestly, Socialism is for classist, brain dead morons without a clue of how the real world works outside of idealist textbooks and theory. I think if we generally agree that killing innocent people with intent to create fear in others is evil then Muslims are pretty definably so. They think killing random people to send a message, treating their women like slaves and strapping bombs to retards/children/pregnant women and blowing up buses/schools/hospitals is the best way to live?

You realize they would be committing genocide against EACH OTHER if we we're not over there... right?
"Just to give a little background, The United States launched a terrorist war against Cuba in 1959, which picked up rapidly under Kennedy, with Operation Mongoose, and actually came close to triggering a nuclear war. The peak of the atrocities was in the late 1970's. 

By that time, though, the United States was dissociating itself from the war, and as far we know was not carrying out terrorist actions directly. Instead, the US was harboring terrorists who were carrying out the attacks on Cuba. Terrorist acts which continued at least into the late 1990's." 

- Noam Chomsky -
Pg 70, Imperial Ambitions, Conversations on the Post-9/11 World.
US Government: "Terrorists are whoever we say are terrorists. End of discussion."
It's called your conscience.
Only if my conscience is an English Professor.
See the Contras, UNITA, Islam Karimov, for some particularly lurid examples.
Double obvious.
Bravo.
We do a good job when it's anti-Castro terrorists too.
Terrorism in simple terms is mafia with a political agenda and deliberate targeting of non-combatants.
Check out the key criteria listed in Wikipedia. Those do not sound like a government at all.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terrorism
&gt;How the fuck is our use of military and economic enforcement of a democratic, free market, new world order

The military isn't used for any of these, sadly.
Naska:

"When it serves us, the USA, we harbor terrorists."

Feeling grammar-ish at the moment. ;-P
Thats what makes our country so fun! hurray
This isn't news to anyone with a brain and knowledge of history. Following media outside the MSM helps too.

Summary:
Just like every other country.
Naska:

"When it serves us, the USA, we harbor terrorists."
Is every other country acting as the US (and the UK) is right now?
US Government: "Terrorists are whoever we say are terrorists.
We call them "freedom fighters" though.
OMG you mean america is like every other country in the entire fucking world?
Instead, the US was harboring terrorists who were carrying out the attacks on Cuba.
And people wonder why there is so much hatred for the US by so many of these countries that we "are helping".
Thats what makes our country so fun!

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
