Original Response:
uh oh. looks like more stagflation for you, japan.
No worries, apparently they're happy to eat plenty of mercury-contaminated dolphin and whale.
Odd that I live in Japan but have seen no indication of this outside of that article.
Food riots are breaking out lately in a lot of countries.  Dipshit politicians are responding to dipshit citizen calls to "do something, stupid" and they are doing something stupid:  Halting exports of grains, and putting price controls on grains.  

Centrally planned markets result in more shortages, stupid.

Keep feeding the grains to your cattle instead of your humans, and you all can keep suffering your shortages. 

Producing "meat" is a massive yet ongoing waste of precious grains on the planet. This is 9th grade high school biology material.

Humans can make the choice to stop choosing to waste your grains on livestock, and instead, start choosing to feed humans.  

The caloric losses are much lower when humans eat the grain rather than eating the animals that eat the grain.

Stupid, scientifically illiterate politicians are killing people.
I've lived in Tokyo for three years running now.  The only price increase I've noticed so far was 20yen increase in Starbuck's daily brew about 8 months ago.  There seems to still be plenty of rice, sushi, butter, beer, and milk at all four of the super markets within walking distance of my apartment so I'm a little bit puzzled about this article.
Well obviously you don't eat food! How dare your first hand view of issues contradict some random newspaper from another country.
http://www.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/americas/04/14/world.food.crisis/

http://www.reuters.com/article/homepageCrisis/idUSN12217781._CH_.2400

http://www.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,1717572,00.html

http://www.democracynow.org/2008/4/8/stuffed_and_starved_as_food_riots

http://www.rense.com/general78/riots.htm
"Producing "meat" is a massive yet ongoing waste of precious grains on the planet. This is 9th grade high school biology material."

Right. If the world would start using acreage for plant foods instead of grazing lands, there would be substantially greater food supplies, and far less physical problems that are common in countries with diets that rely on meat for protein. One acre of planted farm land yields much more food than an acre of grazing land. I don't have the numbers, but they are out there--I've read them. Politicians either don't bother to read the information that's readily available to them, or they choose to ignore it in favor of campaign contributions from meat-related industries. Either way, we all suffer.
What!? You mean the whales AREN'T being killed for scientific study? There's a shocker.
The only problem with your pet theory is that I AND OTHER PEOPLE LIKE MEAT!  That isn't going to change any time soon.  My grandfather ate meat, my grandfather's grandfather, and so on.  I for one don't feel like changing this tradition, and yes it is sustainable with proper agricultural practices and recycling of animal by-products.

You can pry my filet mignon from my cold, dead hands.  Waiting for "raw foodies" and vegan downmod squad in 3... 2... 1...
Yes, lots of people like meat. Unfortunately, satisfying your tastes (not you alone, of course) means that some people not only don't get to eat what they like, they get to eat...nothing. Yes, it can be sustainable, but not at the "factory" level, as is required today. Too many people eat too much meat. Tradition can be good, but it can also be bad. Society is constructed for meat eaters, and you're right, I don't see it changing any time soon. Sadly, that means that many adults, and even more children, are destined to die of starvation in the future, just as they are dying today. The question is, what's more important? The right to eat what you like? Or the right to eat?
Fer crying out loud. Yes there are shortages but this sly innuendo about the mysterious and unknown reasons for the shortages is bullshit. The real reason for the shortages is speculation not a genuine lack of resources caused by global warming or some outlandish paanoid delusions. Sure global warming is real, but it's not why wheat prices have doubled this year.  

Real estate is in the shitter and stocks are going that way soon so all the big money is flooding into commodities driving up the prices. Freakin' duh.  

Yeah it means that poor people starve but it's not because there's a genuine lack of food. This is nothing but the natural blowback from globalized laize faire capitalism run amok. The poor will starve. This is what we in the west have collectively voted for over and over. 

There is no peak oil and there is no crop failure from global warming. It's a simple result of decisions that voters in most of the western world have made by intention and of their own free will. This is the naked lunch of capitalism.
yah, i got friends based there and they havent said anything and two of them live off base with girlfriends.
But but but you _have_ to believe what reddit tells you!
My father eated my grandfather, we like meat!
really, girlfriends?
Hmmmm... I think we should just keep ignoring this problem until it goes away. That would be the *American* thing to do, after all.
It isn't that simple. Not all land is suitable for raising grains. Europe had historically high levels of meat consumption because in many areas (mountains, hills, poor soil, too dry), the most efficient means of raising food is livestock. Insisting we use all available acreage for grain production would result in massive amounts of fossil fuel fertilizer and over-exploitation of aquifers in order to keep the plants alive in unsuitable environments.

Starvation isn't due to raising livestock. More than enough food is produced every year to feed every person on the planet. Shortages are caused by politics and greed. How will growing more grains solve that? The shortages and prices we've seen lately are, to a large extent, caused by unrestrained speculation in commodities markets. The best thing we could do to feed people in the current crisis is enact and enforce higher margin requirements, since most of these trades are extremely leveraged. However, politics and greed will prevent meaningful reforms from taking place until many more people starve to death.
Of course, you're right, there's nothing simple about it. Global warming, the world's food supplies, extinctions of species, etc. are all extremely complicated issues. Everything is connected, and everything we do has a chain reaction. Our foresight seems very limited. Generally, it's too simplistic to say that any one problem has a single cause. Eating meat is not the cause of starvation, it is, however, definitely a contributing factor. In the United States alone, there are many places where cattle are grazing on fertile farmlands. Of course, if those lands were to be planted today, that doesn't mean that the food would end up feeding starving people. Not unless there was plenty of profit in it. I agree with you, politics and greed (or the desire for power and money) is the biggest obstacle of all.
But it can only go on so long since none of the speculators will actually take delivery of the food.  Who are they going to sell it to ?
I know youve never heard of them, but yah, girls exist.
NO REALLY?
The suckers who are currently watching the "Buy Commodities Now!" commercials on CNBC.
People are starving in third-world countries because of farm subsidies by rich countries that make it difficult for third-world farmers to make a living.

Fix the subsidies, fix the starvation.
A double cheeseburger for a buck?  That's insane!
Something stinks about this article.  You don't have food shortages in a free market - you have price increases.  The price increases adjust the supply and demand so that people may use less food, but price increases do not cause food shortages.  

The only thing that causes food shortages is price controls.  If the price is not allowed to readjust, then it messes up the supply and demand balance and you run out if the price is too low or have a glut if the price is too high.  

One more critical point.  Global grain production has been up as of late.  The price increases have happened for one reason and one reason only: monetary policy.  Japans interest rate at times was so low that it was 0 at some points.  All that money and all that credit absolutely had to come back home at some point, and it looks like it has.
I went to my Summit supermarket yesterday here in Tokyo and had no trouble at all buying butter. Didn't have to fight my way through rioting mobs or grab that stick of butter out of the hand of some trampled oba-san either. Just picked it off the shelf. There was lots left too.

I don't know if food is that much more expensive. I assume it is because people are always talking about it but I don't think about the price of things when I go to the supermarket. I just put what I want in the basket and pay what they tell me to pay. Its always about 2000-3000 yen. That hasn't changed.

I'm guessing that Ito-Yokodo doesn't make long-term purchasing contracts and too late found that there wasn't a lot of butter available on the spot market.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I went to the grocery today and a 6"x6"4" container of mixed fruit was over $16.00. The same product used to be $7.50. If shortages don't get us, the prices will.
Me too. I don't notice anything different, and I was at the grocery store yesterday.
To me, most prices seem relatively stable.  Aside from the fact that most frozen food is really really cheap.  I think a lot of people are still afraid of the pesticide problem from a few months back.
Same here. 

Since the prices seemed a little cheaper than normal at the store yesterday, I was really confused and constantly thinking "wtf?" throughout the article...
I think it's based on the fact that certain foods are not readily available in Japan as they are in other countries, butter for example. While it's annoying sometimes, it's a normal occurrence and this article is stupid.
You can have shortages in a free market without price controls.

Secondly, most food markets are 100% free.  Most countries have government regulations and such in regards to foods and/or imports (which would and can effect food supplies at times).
or zombies
Sounds good.  Let's grab some beers at Outback Steak House and watch the game.
We should buy up a bunch of these and same them on ebay.jp for $2.00 a piece!

PROFIT!
*Hell* yes! What game, though? Heck, I guess it doesn't matter, as long as images on the screen are moving and some dude is hitting some other dude... As long as I get my *authentic* Australian cuisine... like a *Bloomin' Onion* tm!
There are so many things wrong with your comments.  Start here...
["1973 price controls on gasoline"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1973_oil_crisis#Price_controls_and_rationing)
and then here...["List of agricultural subsidies in U.S."](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Farm_subsidies#United_States)
If you have no oil, you can have a shortage of it in a free market!  It doesn't matter if you set it to a Trillion dollars a gallon, if you don't have oil you can't sale it!
Try the Cheesy Fries....3000 calories per plate...that will get us through this crisis!
Oil is very different from food.  Oil is more like land, there is a fixed amount of it(albeit a large quantity).  Food is, for all intents and purposes, an unlimited resource.  If you want to get all nit-picky about it there is some natural limit to the amount of food that can be produced, but I have yet to hear of someone seriously discuss "peak food".  

In regards to your second comment I would argue that from the top down, food markets are never free from government intervention.  At the top, you have subsidies/taxes levied on producers.  In the middle you have tariffs/trade agreements/sanctions on trade.  At the bottom, you have sales taxes levied on consumers.
"This is the first time in my life I've wanted to try baking cakes and I can't get any butter," said the frustrated cook.


Said the frusterated "COOK" ????
A "COOK" THAT HAS NEVER BAKED A CAKE IS NOT A COOK
The forthcoming crisis in China, which should become fullblown about three weeks after the Olympics, will be the starting point for a global economic meltdown.

Two years later, after real-estate, oil, and food prices have bottomed out, the economy should start moving again.

In the meantime, hold on to your cash, you're going to need it.
So what? Japan's doing just fine.
The reason the US has been paying aggro subsidies to it's farmers for so long is going to turn out to be an extremely prescient policy. 

This means that the US aggro base hasn't degenerated along with it's industrial base. So in theory there are a lot of fallow fields out there that can be put under plow again and get this problem sorted out in a year.

But what to do in the meantime?
As Americans we don't even really look at food prices. They are going up, steeply! We mostly spend about 5% of our incomes for food and now it might be 7%. We just don't notice that change. I predicted $5 a head for lettuce and 1 second before you ridicule me....file that number away to reference later when that is a reality.

In other countries, people spend 50-80% of their income on food....but today the is much more....in Haitia people can't feed their families anymore, they are eating mud...and many other countries too...
The "green revolution" is energy-intensive.  Oil is a major component of today's crops in many countries.  We're depleting topsoil faster than nature can replenish it, so this problem isn't going to go away.  Peak Soil isn't on everyone's minds, but it will be relatively soon.  What we're seeing right now is the canary in the coal mine - the most vulnerable nations are getting hit first.  I agree with others that the US is relatively well-positioned vis-a-vis food production, but because of our slavish devotion to free markets and globalization (aka: the elite get the best of everything and the rest of us fight over the scraps), most Americans may not share in the wealth.  Millions here being forced to choose between rent and food is a real possibility here in the US.
Here's the thing.  If millions of people in the US have to choose rent vs food, rents will inevitably fall.  Landlords will have to lower rents or be faced with empty properties.  As for Japan being a canary in a coal mine, check out some of the comments in this thread.  The article seems to be more of an alarmist echo chamber than anything.  

The best way to prevent food shortages here in the US is to get government out of regulation.  Just look at the price of corn for heaven's sake.  Subsidies... ethanol... monstrous prices... that is what happens when a free market is not allowed to run.  Here's an [article](http://www.zmag.org/content/showarticle.cfm?ItemID=12030) that shows what happens when two governments meddle in what should be a free market.
I hope you understand that oil production has gone up over the last year, and oil consumption has gone down.  Maybe an oil supply problem will happen someday, but today - like usual - our problem is the government fucking with something (in this case the money supply, driving up prices) 

I hope you also understand that oil is hydrocarbons, technically speaking you can produce it out of thin air (reprocessing the co2 and water) for probably around $10 per gallon.   Yeah, in theory I suppose it's possible to have some kind of shortage out there based off of pure supply, but in this case, and in practice it too is almost always caused by the govt fucking with things.
It's an example.

If you don't have any Oil, Corn, Apples, Water, [insert example]; then you can't sale it.  It doesn't matter what the market system is.

Summary:
The only thing that causes food shortages is price controls.
If shortages don't get us, the prices will.
You don't have food shortages in a free market - you have price increases.
The right to eat what you like?
If you have no oil, you can have a shortage of it in a free market!
Yes, lots of people like meat.
Oil is very different from food.
I don't know if food is that much more expensive.
You can have shortages in a free market without price controls.
Global grain production has been up as of late.
The best way to prevent food shortages here in the US is to get government out of regulation.
As Americans we don't even really look at food prices.
Too many people eat too much meat.
Shortages are caused by politics and greed.
That isn't going to change any time soon.
The only problem with your pet theory is that I AND OTHER PEOPLE LIKE MEAT!
That would be the *American* thing to do, after all.
Of course, if those lands were to be planted today, that doesn't mean that the food would end up feeding starving people.
We just don't notice that change.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.12
