Original Response:
They still have the House of Lords telling them what to do? I thought we had it bad here with the Senate.
Yeah, I was about to say the same thing. To have a branch of government populated entirely by lords and baronesses seems kind of outdated.
The British nanny state is getting insane.
Well, there goes /b/. In the UK, at least.
The power of the House of Lords is [severely restricted](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_of_Lords#Legislative_functions). In addition, they have at times proved to be a useful check on the government's power in rejecting some of the more illiberal anti-terror legislation.
Just think of the consequences: Once you've seen two Japanese school girls puking in each others mouths you can't really go back to Playboy.
I know!  I mean, guns, then swords, now porn?  Jesus F. Christ UK?!  WTF?!!

Me? I like to masturbate using a Glock 17 (the polymer guns aren't as cold) while pressing a sheathed katana deep inside my rectum while watching porn of guys ejaculating into a woman's eye.
[deleted]
I'm aware that their power is limited, but the fact that the inbred descendants of past aristocracy are given any power at all is somewhat disturbing.
[deleted]
I can never remember the preferred combination of shit, dicks, and nipples.  Is it shitting dick nipples?  Dicking nipple shit?  Nippled shit dick?
&gt;Further, "the Government's contention is that by viewing it [extreme porn] people are more likely to commit violent offences.

That's [quite](http://www.hawaii.edu/PCSS/online_artcls/pornography/prngrphy_rape_jp.html) [arguably](http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=913013) [backwards](http://www.reason.com/news/show/123330.html).

Honestly, sometimes I'm astounded by the difference in the degree to which people in the UK feel that government should take a role in regulating their lives.  Whether it's right-wing morality laws regarding pornography on the Internet like this one or left-wing laws banning [fox hunting](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fox_hunting) or the [ownership of katanas](https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Katana#Ownership_and_trade_in_the_United_Kingdom), there is clearly a different mindset in the UK.  It's sort of a "we should establish a majority opinion as to what type of behavior is ideal, and then everyone should follow that" rather than the more "live and let live" approach in the United States.

There are things I like about the UK more than the US, but when it comes to laws like these and the [massive prevalence of security cameras](http://www.thisislondon.co.uk/news/article-23412867-details/Tens+of+thousands+of+CCTV+cameras,+yet+80%25+of+crime+unsolved/article.do), I find myself shying away from the authoritarian approach.
It most certainly is disturbing, not to mention absurd, but to me it seems rather less disturbing than the situation in the US, where many of the highest seats of political power have been disproportionately possessed by de facto aristocrastic dynasties like the Bushes, Clintons, Rockefellers and Kennedies.  And that doesn't even begin to account for those families whose political influence is wielded by more indirect, covert means.
a: OHSHIT-

b: saved by the house of LORDS! think about what this says about 600 years of english parliamentary evolution.

p.s. - getting a lecture about proper hardcore porn management by the Peer Baroness Miller and Peer Lord McIntosh of Haringly... priceless
Don't forget to climax with "Long live the Queen."

Going to hell for that one.
Well, from what I've read, the royal family ends up making more money for the UK (through tourism and tabloids) than they cost, so that isn't so bad.
Where the hell did I say that the US situation was better?
shitting dick nipples
Nowhere. I just thought it was an interesting example of how a system that can appear "fair" from casual inspection of its rules and charter can nevertheless become utterly dominated by dynasties when monetary wealth is an overriding factor. Incidentally, this is one of the major reasons why early socialists were very concerned about inheritance of wealth to descendants: it serves to perpetuate (in fact, amplify) power through bloodlines.
[deleted]
It's not like that anymore. The House of Lords got purged by Labour some years ago, its reform was a major part of the party's manifesto. They got rid of the noble peers who weren't actually actively contributing to the political process, abolished hereditary peership, and set up commitees to give peerships to experts in their fields and politicans who've proved their worth to the country.

It's not perfect, but it's not that bad anymore.

Edit - Also, I have to say I'm rather glad that the system isn't democratic, given that (scarily) it's the non-elected House of Lords that has continually attempted to safeguard civil liberties in Britain :/
If you think this is crazy and you're a UK citizen please write to your local MP and sign up to a petition against this section of the bill.

http://petitions.pm.gov.uk/extreme-images/
No, that's what our politicians seem to think they should be doing.  Most of the people are too busy getting drunk or shopping to pay much attention, and when they do they generally get it via nicely filtered means that make what's happening sound reasonable.

Doesn't sound a million miles away from what happens in the US.
What about my five a week?
Your MP's have gotten too old. Try voting them all out for one election, this tends to happen when the blood gets too old. Legislative inertia, laws inspired by fear and a desire for stability, has Britain had a dynamic government since WWII? Even Blair had to push new ideas through parliament, and Brown is way too conservative and boring for that.
The Queen? Surely thinking of her would more than likely put you off climax?

Unless an inbred chimp in wig and a frock is your thing of course.

http://www.shaveblog.com/uploaded_images/queen-754722.jpg
&gt;Doesn't sound a million miles away from what happens in the US.

The US isn't completely unrestricted either (and I'm sure it's possible to find some area where this is reversed), but on these mentioned points, at least, it is less-restrictive than the United Kingdom.

Ownership of katanas is permitted in the United States (though, as an aside, a few states do ban various related weapons -- California bans general ownership of [nunchaku](https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Nunchaku)), for instance.

[Fox hunting](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fox_hunting) is permitted in the United States (and Canada)

Government-installed monitoring cameras, despite the [best efforts of the Bush Administration](http://www.rinf.com/columnists/news/80-cameras-for-2400-people), are not quite the common phenomenon that they are in the UK.
You have to be kidding me.
Point taken, just going for blasphemy value there. Besides, if a katana up my rectum doesn't turn me off lets just say I like pain and let it go.
There's always scat.
Why do we need this law, oh yes i know so that they have even more control over us.
The government banned it. FINAL DESTINATION.
&gt; (UK) Extreme porn' law could criminalise millions

What's the difference between porn' and unprimed porn?
Why? The Upper Classes need and deserve a say too.
Dear working people: Link in guys post is not safe for work.
At least you have a few people opposing this kind of thing and a publication reporting on it. Seems that bills like this pass through Congress with nary a peep; those who do protest are written off as radicals and summarily ignored.
And probably not safe in the UK either
I've always been confused about what it means to "own" an image you see on the internet.  If I get unlucky on /b/ and see some kiddie porn, does the FBI have the right to bust down my door, or do I have to buy/download said images?
&gt; Honestly, sometimes I'm astounded by the difference in the degree to which people in the UK feel that government should take a role in regulating their lives.

You and me both.  If I may add, you don't seem to live in the UK; I do live in the damn place and, in fact, it's worse than you think.  

There really is a majority of people that think like that and gets all worked up if you hint that, perhaps, one shouldn't trust governments too much.  Freakin' Daily Mail population.
Well what does that say when I don't pull you up on the katana thing, but have something to say about the queen.

Katana up the tradesman's, fine! Thinking of the queen when orgasming... what? Thats just not cricket. :/
Nice excuse for the House of Lords to sit around looking at porn, debating what's "extreme"

Reminds me of the lawmaker here in Texas who wanted to police cheerleaders' suggestive dances.  How do you define it, and then how do you enforce it?
If the FBI (or its UK equivalent, in this case) finds the pictures in your cache, then they can claim that you downloaded it because it's on your computer. That's why "Always clear my private data when I close Firefox" should remain checked forever.
Can we get more background on the law itself and the minister who is trying to introduce it? The El Reg item seems like it is reactionary to something we should already know about.
If you are in the UK, please sign this. Whether you agree with extreme pornography or not, this is a serious *serious* hit on free speech and, dare I say it free *thought*.
Does this actually delete the cache so that its data is unrecoverable?
Notice that they don't try to ban violent images, only sexual ones that they claim will lead to violence.
no.
A prison full of people who have recently looked at goatse...  OMG!
I certainly would like to be protected from that kind of image. 

Detain him ...!
There should be open revolt. Not kidding anymore.
feminism. think about it.
If you are in the UK you are screwed, since this is the tip of the iceberg. No amount of mail will stop these parasites living in the woodwork of government.
&gt;Does this actually delete the cache so that its data is unrecoverable?

Strictly speaking, unless a program knows exactly how a filesystem functions, there's no way for it to guarantee that any information, once on the filesystem, is actually ever wiped.  For example, deleting a file in most filesystems does not result in the actual data on disk being removed.  [Overwriting a file on ext3](http://wiki.linuxquestions.org/wiki/Talk:Shred) (probably the most common Linux filesystem today) and many other newer filesystems does not guarantee that the file contents have been overwritten (in fact, it probably will not have been).

If you're really concerned about storing information in a fashion that cannot be retrieved, it really needs to be stored on an encrypted filesystem.  Under Linux, [encfs](http://www.arg0.net/encfs) provides (marginally less secure, in that some information about the directory structure is exposed) filesystem-level encryption, which has the benefit of not "wasting" space on the parent filesystem.  [Loopback encryption devices provide block-level encryption](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/EncryptedFilesystemHowto), which unfortunately require preallocating space on the filesystem and is ATM more hassle to set up.  Under Windows, I understand that [TrueCrypt](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TrueCrypt) is a popular choice.

Some truly paranoid people even disable paging on their computer (not currently an option in Windows, as I understand it) or encrypt their swap partion, as otherwise random contents of their RAM may show up on that swap partition.  For this reason, [GnuPG](https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Gnupg) prevents crucial portions of its memory from being paged while running to prevent passwords and decrypted keys from being stored on disk.
If no one is harmed and both are willingly performing whatever it is, I don't see a real conflict here except with the ever persistant religions?
I'm afraid I don't follow.  How does feminism relate to US-UK social outlook differences?

Is there a difference in the degree to which feminism plays a role in the two nations?
Perhaps you should 'phone the 'paper, or hop in a 'bus or 'cab to get there and ask. Take a photo' to prove you've been!
This is what happens when women vote
look at the subject. the 'victim' is women. in the uk these laws are always proposed by women, based on research by women. it's complete bullshit. America is also anti-socialist. Socialism provides much fuel and justification for control of civilians by government (for the common good etc...). it need not, but it does.
[deleted]
You sound like a 40 year old man who sits in his mothers basement and plays toughguy on the internet.
&gt;If I get unlucky on /b/ see some kiddie porn

a: Not a /b/tard, that's normally considered godly luck.

2: yes. You downloaded it when your browser loaded it, you are guilty of possession, b&amp;, v&amp;, an hero in prison for the hat trick.

edit: CP? in my /b/?
just another law to generate revenue $$$ for the crown and politicos, too bad you brits have been disamred or i would suggest you raise arms agiasnt your government.
Like we're one to talk -- at least they have decriminalized possession of marijuana
Wasn't it a baroness proposing an amendment (which failed) to eliminate this new law?
Governments are still allowed to be morality police and enforce laws "to protect the common good". The constitution has some limits on what that means, but I don't think the British system does. In fact most European constitutions are written to be as vague as possible with regards to legislative powers, but as restrictive as possible regarding executive powers, the theory being whichever government is in power legitimately represents the people. This has some shortcomings apparently, especially since anything can be criminalized easily, and France still has no "Innocent before guilty" burden of proof in its justice system.

tl;dr don't get arrested in europe, lawyers seem like parasites but you will miss them when they're gone.
Bills like this tend to be passed in state legislatures where there's less press. Most states have something similar that isn't enforced heavily, but was mostly used to get votes from conservative districts.

The federal government has some things like this, but because we used to have a Supreme Court, pre-W, most of them were struck down under freedom of speech, press, due process, right to search, and other no longer interesting amendments.
I'm not sure if feminism is really to blame, but it does seem as though a lot of women don't quite understand a guy's need for porn.  Or male sexuality in general.  

Old people, especially, have massive problems with porn.  Old women have no understanding or tolerance for porn.  They'll overlook the Playboy buried in the garage, but you damn well better keep it out of the house.  They've even been known to send their sons to psychiatrists if they catch them wanking.

Young men (under 30) consume porn far more openly and shamelessly, and young women are far more aware of it.  But it's clear that young women don't consume porn in the same amounts as the guys and don't really understand guy's sex drives.  The insecure ones just put up with it because they have no choice, but even in this demographic they sometimes get worked up over it and cause an argument.

Oh, and old people vote more.
So to which committee of perves will it fall to view endless streams of porno to decide whether it's too extreme?
some women are not feminists. there are always exceptions.
Lol. Piracy is illegal and they never stopped that.

They have no chance with porn. Prohibition does not work on the internet.
Tell me about it. We can't smoke in pubs anymore. I'm not even a smoker and I think thats stupidly nannyish. People come to pubs to TAKE DRUGS.
Short answer: if the Feds find encrypted files running on top of Linux, you're gonna need a good lawyer.
&gt;Short answer: if the Feds find encrypted files running on top of Linux, you're gonna need a good lawyer.

Using encryption is not illegal and [unlike in the United Kingdom](http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2007/10/uk_police_can_n.html), it is not a crime to refuse to turn over encryption keys.

There are also more extreme paths to take; TrueCrypt and some other programs can provide plausible deniability, where (some unknown number of) multiple keys and filesystems exist and each key unlocks a different filesystem.  For some partitions, no key exists; as a result, it's never possible for someone else to conclude that the filesystem in question has been decrypted; it might be another filesystem.
Prohibition failed because the channels were informal and there was no way to track anything, everything was person-to-person.

Your ISP can and will betray you if it decreases their legal liabilities and makes their lives easier (aka less regulation).

Decent encryption would make a big difference, but a determined government can overcome a lot. See Great Firewall of China.
I guess I'm off-topic here, but isn't it funny that The Register is the only mainstream website in the UK (that I know, anyway) that's actually reporting on this sort of crap.

If enough people make a stink, then perhaps The Guardian or The Independent will write something about it, in two month time at best, and make it look like it's BREAKING NEWS.  Or Channel4 News, perhaps, à la "look at what out cunning reporters have found out".
&gt;Why? The Upper Classes need and deserve a say too.

I'm sorry, but are they not represented in Commons? Do they subtract the Peers from the voting tallies before they calculate districting?

Not against Lords, just curious as to how the Upper Classes are not considered common men in modern britain.
So what's extreme?
Ya'll got some awesome Freedom over there.
Always look on the bright side of life...
Well, this thread has proved very informative for me, and thanks for all that. It still seems like in this instance the House of Lords is *restricting* civil liberties, not safeguarding them. I just recently found out that porn is illegal to sell in Britain (if that is indeed true), and now they want to restrict porn even more? Don't they have better things to worry about?
Is this sarcasm?  (If so I apologise.)  Lord McIntosh (mentioned in the article as someone who opposed the law) is a septuagenarian.

In recent history the lords (ie the house of lords) are the only ones to *defend* citizens' freedoms (en-masse), and they are regularly criticized for being old and out of touch.  What were the new ideas that Blair had to *push* through parliament?  War against Iraq?  Detention without trial?  Banning fox hunting?  Banning demonstrations in Parliament Square?

New Ideas are not always good ideas.  Usually they are not even new.  Fortunately labelling them as 'modern', 'radical' or 'progressive' (rather than conservative and boring) doesn't fool everyone, and of late it has been the Lords that have seen through the pretense.
Heh heh heh! You had me goin' for a minute there!

Women voting, yeah right! Heh heh heh! Good, one, Stretch!
does hentai count?
He's a cup half full kind of guy.
MP's as in Commons MP's.

I think Lords is shaping up to fill the integrity gap vacated by Commons. Btw, Lords was purged of its weakest members over the last 2 decades, bringing additional weight to my "old wood" position.

The old incumbent Commons MP's otoh, rampant corruption, cronyism, and with blair out the little forward momentum they had seems to have collapsed due to the gaping vacuum of his cult of personality.

It is sad that Lords is picking up the integrity slack nowadays, moreso that it has to.
Is there a better alternative action?

The only better thing I can imagine to do is educate people in proper philosophy.
&gt; Extreme porn' law

qgy2, you are hereby awarded 1 demerit.
I thought they already banned violent images.
Governments are still allowed to be morality police and enforce laws "to protect the common good". http://www12.asphost4free.com/greatfloor/commercial-grade-porcelain-floor-tile.html The constitution has some limits on what that means, http://www12.asphost4free.com/greatfloor/pictures-of-a-crumbling-brick-floor.html but I don't think the British system does. In fact most European constitutions are written to be as vague as possible with regards to legislative powers, http://www12.asphost4free.com/greatfloor/carbox-floor-liners.html but as restrictive as possible regarding executive powers, the theory being whichever government is in power legitimately represents the people. This has some shortcomings apparently, especially since anything can be criminalized easily, and France still has no "Innocent before guilty" burden of proof in its justice system. http://www12.asphost4free.com/greatfloor/edgewood-isd-school-floor-plans.html

tl;dr don't get arrested in europe, http://www12.asphost4free.com/greatfloor/hummel-floor-machines.html lawyers seem like parasites but you will miss them when they're gone.
I beleive it's spelled "XXXtreme."
Still, porn cannot be stopped.

I will say there is more desire for porn than desire to obey the government. They can't stop us all.
psychologically, yes there is probably something wrong with someone who gets off on strange, wierd porn like this.

socially, this guy is probably no different than you or me.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Brits often think of the queen during sex. Either that or Margret Thatcher naked on a cold night.
[deleted]
Why is your post full of advertising?
&gt;common men

The answer lies within that recognition. Traditionally, the Lords were the people who were just plain better than the rest of us. The House still stands because they've held onto their money and power, although this country is rapidly sliding towards the dominance of the lower class so I wouldn't bet on the lords staying around for much longer, which is a shame.
The PSA (Porn Standards Agency) could possibly introduce a labelling system similar to that of the FSA (Food Standards Agency.

http://www.foodstandards.gov.uk/multimedia/pdfs/publication/foodtrafficlight1107.pdf

I totally agree "Fat" should be red.
i scanned the article and didn't find a definition of extreme. does anyone know?
The ban on smoking in pubs is not "nannyish"; it's not to protect the health of the smoker, but to protect the freedom of everyone who choose *not* to smoke. I, for one, don't miss my second-hand smoke.
Submilinal advertising meets the internet.
That's the biggest complaint against the law. It's completely subjective because it isn't defined.
a shame? I don't know. Lords is having an odd renaissance lately, and as a debating society I find it very interesting. Still, it is hard to escape its past.

As for dominance of the lower class, what are you smoking? try dominance of the political class, same as in every other country. There was a vacuum, a lack of politically skilled and ambitious people since the nobility gave power to the masses. Originally the nobility had proxies and managed to keep power in their stead, but the new trend is for dedicated political families and communities, ala bush, clinton, et al. Makes it easier to keep up appearances, as well as recreating that "made for greatness" aura that gave the nobility so much of their power.

They are worse scum however. The fake "one of the folks" mentality is sickeningly spurious, and the lack of any personal morals or character outside of ambition makes them far more dangerous than the old nobles scheming for power. Most of their lessons came from the Nazi party, one of the first political movements that depended purely on the cultivated support of the common man.
But you like your beer eh? I'm sure glad THAT doesn't have any side effects or cause any medical problems.

It's your choice to go to the pub, nobody forces you to go inside and breathe the smoke. People like you are going to try and ban drinking in pubs next.
But you like your beer eh? I'm sure glad THAT doesn't have any side effects or cause any medical problems.
Well they could have enacted a law mandating a sign on the door identifying the club as either smoke-free or "smoking prohibited" and let the people make their own choice whether they go in or not.

That would be the free market version.

What comes next?  Rationing burgers at the fast-food joints?
&gt;They can't stop us all.

No, but they can jail enough to make the rest of you terrified, which is a state they prefer their people in.
I am sick of this qoverment, they are not working for the good of the people, they are only working for the good of theme-selves, and the other super rich.
Would Condoleeza Rice in a domina outfit whipping brown people be illegal, then?

Just wondering.
Not really.

You do know we let criminals go lose early because we don't have enough prison space right? Labour ate all the money and forgot to build new prisons years ago. I would love to see them try to send me down then we barely have enough room for the rapists and murderers.

Also, trial by jury means my peers can vote not guilty if they think porn isn't a crime. Most people my age don't think porn is a crime.

Our government are complete idiots. Nobody fears them.
[deleted]
In who's opinion?

If you let censorship get a foot in the door, it'll keep on pushing until it's in the house.
wat
You'll have to go back to Playboy.
"Now I'm too young to reant Ultra-Porn."

man, you'd never find people in the US govt arguing in support of Pornography.
If I drink a beer, I impact my health of my own volition. If you light a smoke, you make that decision for me. I can choose to leave and never visit pubs or nightclubs, but why should the smokers have a monopoly on good times?
I'm glad you don't fear your government. Norway's prisons are also full up, and they are debating whether they should turn to home imprisonment as an alternative for those who are in for lesser crimes. Prisoners would wear GPS devices to prove they never leave their homes. This could solve the whole problem; it scales infinitely and you can imprison as many as you want to.
We need a good old fashioned cold snap this winter.
I would never want to be "one of the folks". I have a healthy scorn for the common man, who is most likely out to mug me.

Also, I'm not smoking anything, but I am on meth.
In Britain, extreme is when you have sex without having been properly introduced.
In Spain smoking is only banned in bars/places over a certain size serving food. Far more common sense. People should be free to choose to not go in smoking bars. I find the pubs in London somewhat lacking now. I find it funny to see so many places empty with everyone standing outside smoking. For this reason, along with SO many others I think we all know, means I won't ever vote Labour again - first chance coming up in London soon! What disappointments - I think we all had such high hopes after years of the tories.
two girls one cup (all i'm saying)
It's not illegal to sell... but it is regulated by local councils (who can deny permission or impose conditions on a shop) and the Obscene Publications Act. Back before the Internet was popular, PC magazines had several pages of ads for 18-rated CDs and premium rate BBSes. 

( One person in particular loved to read these ads out loud in an amused manner. This always had the effect of making the RE teacher walk past. Presumably, Satan has a room he's keeping warm... )
I agree with you about this. It's pathetic how little coverage this has had. However, in defence of the Guardian, there has been at least one article about this on Commentisfree.

http://commentisfree.guardian.co.uk/frank_fisher/2007/07/get_your_tanks_off_our_porn.html
ah, thanks for the link.  I guess my rant is void then; though I must say this is the overall impression I've got.
True, but we still need more prisons in europe. Population is going up and not down - we WILL need more prisons int he future. Your method works for normal people but killers and the like need to be kept under lock and key.
At risk of being downmodded into oblivion because US education can hardly teach our own political system (let alone another countries), what does MP stand for?

(My brain wants to read it as a backwards abbreviation for prime minister).
Why not just let the pub owners decide if they want a smoking or a non smoking pub and let economics decide who is right?

It seems stupid to force EVERY pub to follow laws. Let certain areas have the pubs they like and others the ones they like. Live and let live.
*Member* of Parliament
I fear idiots, if they were non-idiots they wouldn't be doing so many horrid things.
If they aren't competent then hopefully personally we have little to worry about.

The country however is going to hell.
No, it's 'Member of Parliament'.
That's the idea. Another instance of the old empire trying to keep up with the [yanks](http://www-unix.oit.umass.edu/~kastor/private/privatize.html).
Close, but without any laws being mandated. Bars wanting to attract non-smokers could put such signs up if they like. There are too many laws already.

"There oughtta be a law" - *not*!
&gt;why should the smokers have a monopoly on good times?

Sarcasm, right?
&gt;What comes next? Rationing burgers at the fast-food joints?

If the state is paying for health care, the state has a direct interest in passing laws to prevent increasing health care costs.
[deleted]
I'm a heavy smoker and I don't mind the ban at all.  What, I have to get up every half-hour and go outside?  How awful!
So we can only pray that the rulers are too incompetent to do anything idiotic.

Better, indeed, than competent idiots but I still feel insecure.
Isn't there a law against that?
Erm I don't, so does that make me a weirdo?
I hear new zealand is great this time of your lifetime.
Cryptic.
Err sorry brainfart.
Wow, I almost didn't notice the correction.  I was half excited that I had guessed/assumed the 'minister' part.
I wonder if I took a picture with two people naked and horny (visually) facing each other with huge knifes pointed at each would be considered illegal after this bill is passed? After all is it fiction or non=fiction? 

:/ confusing!!

Summary:
MP's as in Commons MP's.
Isn't there a law against that?
it need not, but it does.
I agree with you about this.
It's not like that anymore.
I'm glad you don't fear your government.
Yeah, I was about to say the same thing.
The constitution has some limits on what that means, but I don't think the British system does.
I would never want to be "one of the folks".
I, for one, don't miss my second-hand smoke.
Going to hell for that one.
People like you are going to try and ban drinking in pubs next.
In the UK, at least.
Oh, and old people vote more.
I'm afraid I don't follow.
Most people my age don't think porn is a crime.
There are too many laws already.
Also, I'm not smoking anything, but I am on meth.
I certainly would like to be protected from that kind of image.
I'm not even a smoker and I think thats stupidly nannyish.
They still have the House of Lords telling them what to do?
New Ideas are not always good ideas.
Old people, especially, have massive problems with porn.
Surely thinking of her would more than likely put you off climax?
Don't they have better things to worry about?
The Upper Classes need and deserve a say too.
Still, porn cannot be stopped.
Governments are still allowed to be morality police and enforce laws "to protect the common good".
What, I have to get up every half-hour and go outside?
I'm a heavy smoker and I don't mind the ban at all.
I thought they already banned violent images.
The power of the House of Lords is [severely restricted](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_of_Lords#Legislative_functions).
I mean, guns, then swords, now porn?
This is what happens when women vote.
The country however is going to hell.
If you are in the UK, please sign this.
I will say there is more desire for porn than desire to obey the government.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.28
