Original Response:
Sorry to break up this little party here, but of course that's what the Shiite speaker is going to say about their Shiite ally Iran.
So. I don't see a problem with Iran helping the Iraqis secure their nation. In fact, I would love to see all nations in the region work together to help secure Iraq. If these nations came come together, maybe the religous conflict between sects would stop. The problem is Iran is currently attacking Bush and Co's imagination and they actually believe if Iran and Iraq become close allies that they will combine to make one large terrorist camp. John McCain will wrongly tell us yet again Al Qaeda is everywhere in Iran and Iraq and that the US needs to have massive permanent military bases to save the Iraqis from themselves.

That's why Obama is the only reasonable canididate left that has a shot at winning. He is the only one that actually believes in talking with the enemy, finding solutions with them, making compromises, etc. You know, politics.
Shiites are not a monolithic block in Iraq. 

Everybody is fighting for political control and control of oil production.

Iran can't support *every* side in this multilateral conflict.
What the fuck. I'm an Obama supporter, and this was still a ridiculous segue.
I'm a Ron Paul supporter, but [this is a ridiculous segway](http://www.segwayjunkyard.com/BlueSegway.jpg)

Or did you mean segue?

;)
As an American who is very anti-war, I gotta say, Iran does probably have their hands in Iraq in one way or another. As Ron Paul frequently says "What would we do if China came to Mexico?".

Anyways, it brings up a greater philosophical question. I like telling the truth, and I like hearing it. But what if the truth of Iraq/Afghanistan and Iran, that Iran is supporting militias there, will lead America to support attacking Iran.

Is it ok to lie and avoid war that way?
It is, and I did, thanks! (I'll edit it now)
[deleted]
Just another in a long line of excuses for our utter failure in Iraq. No WMD's, no terrorists (until we got there) and no plan to rebuilt. 

And now the neocons need another scapegoat.
I also gotta say that US does probably have their hands and (also their feet) there.
And I would believe an Iraqi official because of what?
And you would disbelieve an Iraqi official because of what?
I am terrified of Iran. How far can they be pushed until they snap?
What is this 'evidence' thing you speak of and why should we care about it?

Look, we have bombs!
[deleted]
We supported Saddam in the Iran-Iraq war so why wouldn't they?
Abused children don't snap, they have conformed with their abuse.

Your fear is unjustified, they don't have the capacity, and neither are their leaders suicidal enough to reciprocate by vaguely threatening with aggression.
Now that's how WWII started.
Regardless - Iraq = neighbors US = Invaders!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Before Britain declared war in 1939, Germany had already invaded several territories.

WW2 did not start because Hitler was underestimated, and it did not come as a surprise.

Iran is not militaristic.
That is to say of course American military is going to give fake evidence to support Bush administration.
&gt; Asked about reports that weapons captured from Shiite fighters bore 2008 markings suggesting Iranian involvement

Here is what NY times showed as evidence:  http://perlustration.blogspot.com/2008/05/home-made-arms.html
Have you taken your medication?
I never said Iran was underestimated. I said they are being pushed around (deservedly OR not), just like Germany was prior to WWII. Sanctions are just the tip of the iceberg.

And by the way, Iran is just as militaristic as most other countries in this world. They may not be aggressive right now but if I was Iranian I sure as hell wouldn't put up with all the shit that's going on right now. How would you like the US military to be declared a terrorist group?
This Iraq sounds like a problem.  We may have to invade and replace their government.  

What?

Oh.
There was no real evidence of WMDs in Iraq either, but that didn't stop Bush then.
[deleted]
they can't read the "made in iran" on the guns, roadmines and rocket launchers.

but hey, it's their country. Let them wage war against each other instead of giving them a common enemy.
woops!  time for the US to replace our puppet leader again.
Who downmods something like this, honestly?
ya rite
...
what does iraq know
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XoeAPNd3mU

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3IXcP8Takc

looks pretty damn militaristic 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZIp0BIRUJs
The largest Shia militias in Iraq are the Badr Brigades and the Mehdi Army. The Badr Brigades have the support of the Iraqi Prime Minister, the Mehdi Army (al Sadr's group) do not. Both sides are allies of Iran, naturally, though they are not Iranian proxys; they are, instead, the natural result of the repression of the Iraqi Shia majority by the Sunnis under Saddam, and now they have a chance to exercise influence.

To claim that the fact that these militias have extensive internal support because they are the agents of external Iranian influence is riduculous. Of course they have similar aims to Iran; they are all Shia, after all. But to go beyond that to claim that this is evidence of undue Iranian influence in Iraq is preposterous, and shows no understanding of the dynamics of the region.

Juan Cole said -  with quite some measure of  perspicacity at the time - that the US invasion of Iraq would cement Shia dominance in the region, to Iran's advantage and the US's disadvantage. He has been proved right by time.
You are joking right? "The last thing Iran needs is a stable Iraq?". What, you think they want a neighbour with massive Shia-Sunni conflict that might spill over to Iran?

Surely Iran wants a stable Iraq with the Shia majority exerting control.
Smebody who didn't follow the link and thought that the OP was saying that the US claims of Iranian involvement were true.
Fair enough. I think the significance of such a declaration is weighted differently though. I think for the same feeling, a large body like the EU would have to do it.
Iran hasn't invaded another country in the last 150 years, so your claim that "Iran is just as militaristic as most other countries in this world" is nonsense. And the rest of your comment, following on from that false claim, is just as much nonsense. Iran wants to be left alone; to exercise influence through dialogue rather than killing children and dragging people to the negotiating table from a position of strength. They seem to be conducting themselves as responsible adults in world affairs; a change from the US - a child's mind coupled with the strength of a heavyweight boxer.
They maintain a large military and are prepared to use it, perhaps to "wipe Israel off the map." That's militarism.

Do you know how much animosity toward the US is being pent up right now in Tehran? My best friends cousins tell him not to come back because they are anticipating a war, and know that their guards won't back down like the Iraqis.

So go ahead. Pretend that bullshit accusations and sanctions make them less inclined to military force.

Brush up on your history. You can learn a lot from only the last 200 years.. the rest is basically repeated over and over.
Sorry to break up the party again, but the US invaded Iraq, an innocent sovereign nation that didn't do anything to the US. This makes the US equivalent to Nazi Germany in this respect. Frankly, the part about Iraqis and possibly Iranians fighting back is irrelevant.
&gt;But to go beyond that to claim that this is evidence of undue Iranian influence in Iraq is preposterous, and shows no understanding of the dynamics of the region.

This is what made me sure the administration is going to stick to this position like glue.
&gt; They maintain a large military and are prepared to use it, perhaps to "wipe Israel off the map."

Anybody who uses that mistranslation to make their case is obviously clueless.

&gt; Do you know how much animosity toward the US is being pent up right now in Tehran? 

About as much as there has been since 1953.

&gt; My best friends cousins

Wow, First hand source. Oh, wait, no, third hand source.

&gt; tell him not to come back because they are anticipating a war

And that is an indication of Iranian militarism, or US militarism? I rather think it is the latter, don't you?

&gt; So go ahead. Pretend that bullshit accusations and sanctions make them less inclined to military force.

In their defense, yes. But offensively, no. Why should they? The US has done their job for them in Iraq.

&gt; Brush up on your history. 

I think you should be one doing that.

&gt; You can learn a lot from only the last 200 years.. the rest is basically repeated over and over.

Yes. The history of the region over the last 200 years has been one of Western dominance over the region, imposed through a massive inequalty of millitary supremacy. That is still the case. The thing is that now Iran can impose its ideological supremacy through diplomatic means thanks to Bush's massive screw up.
They are not fighting "back" as much as they are fighting each other. There's a civil war going on.
October 8, 1940

Admiral Richardson, commander of the U.S. fleet, had a confrontation with President Roosevelt.

Richardson said what he'd said in his letter to Admiral Stark and his memo to Secretary Knox -- that Pearl Harbor was the wrong place for his ships.

Roosevelt said he thought that having the fleet in Hawaii was a "restraining influence" on Japan.

Was the United States going to war? Richardson asked the president. "He replied," in Richardson's account, "that if the Japanese attacked Thailand, or the Kra Peninsula, or the Dutch East Indies we would not enter the war, that if they even attacked the Philipppines he doubted whether we would enter the war."

But the Japanese couldn't always avoid making mistakes, the president said.

"Sooner or later they would make a mistake and we would enter the war."
and not just there.
typical american arrogance - then what are your thoughts on the US' history of setting up dictatorships, arming militias &amp; sponsoring military coups all over the planet? READ SOME HISTORY BOOKS, STUPID!  
  
it's all just a big conspiracy, right?
if you "terrified" of iran - how totally batshit scared must you be of israel - a nuclear power with an undisclosed number of nukes who refuses to let any weapon inspectors in the country? now tell me, fear mongering troll!
Like, mind bogglingly militaristic.
[deleted]
They are getting paid off by the US in a sense and have *no* other strong allies in this world. I don't fear them, I just hate them.
This would make sense if I was American. How about instead of saying 'read some history books'  you actually make an argument? 

It's also quiet clear you yourself haven't read any books on the matter because you dont present a single argument, but only ask questions.
Wow. You're style and arrogance sounds like me when I first got on the internet at the age of 13. The way your response breaks up my argument into pieces like that says more than you may know and it leaves me with very little to challenge unless I reciprocate, so I won't.

Like I said, history more oft than not repeats itself so if you were to study it, your opinion on what is happening today would very likely shift toward mine. For my sake, I hope you're right.
What's a say-goo??
"Whoops! Did I say Pearl *Harbor*????"
Considering how effective Iraq's government has been, I'll listen to the U.S. military.
I wonder what possibly could have ignited this civil war.
It was ignited by the death of the Islamic prophet Muhammad in the year 632, leading to a dispute over succession to Muhammad as a caliph of the Islamic community spread across various parts of the world.

The Sunnis hold that Abu Bakr was Muhammad's rightful successor and that the method of choosing or electing leaders (Shura) endorsed by the Qur'an is the consensus of the Ummah, (the Muslim community). Shia believe that Muhammad divinely ordained his cousin and son-in-law Ali (the father of his only two grandsons Hasan ibn Ali and Husayn ibn Ali) in accordance with the command of God to be the next caliph, making Ali and his direct descendants Muhammad's successors.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunni-Shia_relations
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt; A clear example of this is Hizbollah in Lebanon which is controlled by Iran

Hizbollah is alleged to receive some support from Iran, but they certainly aren't *controlled* by Iran. The only people ho claim that are the Israelis, who want to paint the defenders of Southern Lebanon against Israel's military as illegitimate.
&gt; leaves me with very little to challenge

That says it all.

The basic point is that the US is threatening Iran, and if Iran were to act militaristically it would be purely in their own defense, in response to a US attack, rather than offensively.
Wait a second reddit, I thought you guys said the Iraqi government is a puppet of the US and can't be trusted. I guess it changes when it fits your emotional needs?
[deleted]
Hezbollah was created as the Shiite defenders of Lebanon against Israel, modelled on the Iranian example. To say that Iran "created" Hezbollah is wrong; they were a local group with popular support in Lebanon. Iran could no more "create" that than Israel could "create" a Zionist resistance movement in Syria: it's time had come, it had popular support, and they were not acting as mere puppets, but were acting in the interests of the people of Lebanon.
Not exactly. Iran actually did CREATE hizbollah. They trained them funded them and initiated what they are today along with ordering them around. they do not act and did not always act in the best interest of the Lebanese majority. They acted solely on behalf of the Iranian and shiite minority interests (which were pretty much the same (destruction of Israel, end western colonialism).

Summary:
I am terrified of Iran.
I think you should be one doing that.
And I would believe an Iraqi official because of what?
This would make sense if I was American.
"The last thing Iran needs is a stable Iraq?".
And by the way, Iran is just as militaristic as most other countries in this world.
How would you like the US military to be declared a terrorist group?
I never said Iran was underestimated.
I like telling the truth, and I like hearing it.
This Iraq sounds like a problem.
Iran actually did CREATE hizbollah.
&gt; Brush up on your history.
I don't see a problem with Iran helping the Iraqis secure their nation.
It is, and I did, thanks!
The US has done their job for them in Iraq.
As an American who is very anti-war, I gotta say, Iran does probably have their hands in Iraq in one way or another.
How about instead of saying 'read some history books'  you actually make an argument?
&gt; leaves me with very little to challenge

That says it all.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.12
