Original Response:
"seems" ?
The US has been taken over by a group of people who want War, and who do not want Peace.  Its as simple as that.  These people are evil in the extreme.
Food for thought: "Guns will never bring our country glory."
Yeah "seems".  As in, "the US seems at war with the world, but really it's just a bunch of uber-rich facists playing at being global dictators and lining their pockets, while the rest of the country stands by and gawps."
Interesting sidenote: When Gorbachev makes a reference to "carrying a big stick," he is actually reference a saying popularized by Theodore Roosevelt, who advised people to "speak softly and carry a big stick," a phrase he got from an African proverb. It is interesting the utterings of a President from over a hundred years ago can effect the modern-day language of former world leaders. This isn't the only instance. The current Prime Minister of Israel is often criticized for "speaking loudly and carrying a small stick."
Well, when the rest of the world stops hating freedom, things should make a turn for the better.

edit: /sarcasm
I wish Gorbechev was president of the US.
&gt;I wish Gorbechev was president of the US.

Lucky for you, Bush is easier to spell.
Yeah, "seems"? "Seems" to me like it already is.
Wah wah wah they're taking our freedoms wah wah freedoms isn't a word but we need it wah.

Some of the world does need freedom yes, but the US is trying to instil their *entire* culture upon then.

Not everyone wants "liberation". Many people are happy the way they are.
[Thomas Paine](http://www.thomaspaine.org/Archives/ROMpart1.html):

&gt;War is the common harvest of all those who participate in the division and expenditure of public money, in all countries. It is the art of conquering at home; the object of it is an increase of revenue; and as revenue cannot be increased without taxes, a pretence must be made for expenditure. In reviewing the history of the English Government, its wars and its taxes, a bystander, not blinded by prejudice nor warped by interest, would declare that taxes were not raised to carry on wars, but that wars were raised to carry on taxes.
Who really did more to bring an end to the Soviet Union: Reagan or Gorbachev? Discuss.
The Solidarity Movement did more than either of those men.
The US hates freedom, and I don't say that to be deliberately inflamatory; the facts speak for themselves.
If conservatives weren't so crazy, people might realize when I'm being sarcastic.
Could not vote you up fast enough.
Neither. Laws of economics did. The Soviet Union was bankrupt, pure and simple. They could not keep up with production, the arms race.

The 'West' won (this does not automatically equate 'America won', by the way) simply because it's economic engine has/had more staying power.

Gorbachev did create the hole that let the rain in, so to speak, by introducing perestroika.
sarm is a liberal.
Does that mean the fall of the US Empire is also near?

This ranking shows just how bankrupt the US has become:

[CIA Factbook-World order account balance](https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2187rank.html)
[deleted]
My original comment was sarcastic, but I failed to take into account the fact that there are idiots who might actually say things like that.
Dude gp was making a joke.  He was referencing the "they hate us for our freedom" comment.
Downmodded myself.  It's so difficult to tell these days.
The Soviet Union couldn't afford to feed their people or fill pot holes in the road. We're going to be just fine financially, at least for most of your life.
Doesn't anyone see the hypocrisy in saying "they hate us for our freedom.", then eliminating many freedoms anchored in the constitution while pretending to support the cause of freedom in a country invaded on fraudulent pretences and simultaneously propping up oppressive dictators like Musharraf and regimes like the Saudis.

Do you so-called conservatives think that if the US government takes enough liberty and wealth from it's citizens that the "terrorists" won't hate us anymore?

The Bush regime:

"we're taking away your freedoms so the terrorists don't have to."
Free means non-commercial, which is anti-capitalist.
Nothing spells prosperity like universal bellicosity. 

Enjoy your loss of primacy. Hopefully your transition to generic world power will come without a depression.
I'm upmodding your comment to spite you :P
Oh get a clue, moonbat!
rense?  seriously?
Ask the Palestinians what size that stick is.
I would modify that statement by saying that they are uber-rich Baby Boomers who are on their last go around before the clock runs down on them.

Everything in the US is about the Boomers running out of time in their lives.  Everything.

And it's fucking irritating beyond belief.
I would like to dynamite Teddy Roosevelt right off of Mount Rushmore.  The progressives love him because he was a Marxist, the gun nuts think he would have been a cool dude to hang out with.  I think he was a complete fucking idiot, probably that era's GWB.
"sarm is a liberal."
Wild guess but so are you LiberalHippies9 ;-).
And what makes you say that?
Ironically, I attended a lecture in political science today that dealt with the cold war.  And, having been a tiny child when the cold war was wrapping up so to speak, I'm glad that Gorbachev unilaterally decreased his own country's weapons supply...calling the US's bluff, hoping the Arms race would work both ways.  I think that in terms of trust and security that makes sense.  And to see a man that has so profoundly affected history (in a positive way for once)  by effectually neutralizing the USSR, unintentionally or not, and ending totalitarianism there (somewhat) come out and speak; it is inspiring.  If bush had half the balls he had, we would be sleeping easy.  I think liberals everywhere are going to be bored shitless when he is out of government.        We'll have indie types roaming the streets with their non-label music, classical arts books of Nietzsche and Kafka, giant horn-rimmed glasses going to complete waste! Who will support the midget feminist marxist gay liberation army now?

To recap: yes, we did just move from the USSR to marxist feminist midgets.  So mofo? I'm confused too. hehe.
guessed wrong.  ;)
"Seems" ??? WTF !!!
US owns or rents 702 military bases in about 130 countries and another 6,000 bases in the United States and its territories.
What is heartening is younger generations whininig about the baby boomers, who, jackass, will have paid into the social security retirement system and will get little out of it, who, also received THE WORST public schooling imaginable--that's why standards have been raised. 

Quit sitting in your shitpool of self-pity and KILL something. Just kidding. I know, I know, we've caused all the world's problems. In your spirit of self-pity and self-righteousness, let me blame "the greatest generation." If they were so great, why didn't they turn out to be better parents? After all, they raised us. 

Signed 1959 BOOMER! 

PS, wait until scientists come up with the anti-aging/reverse aging pill. We're going to steal ALL your girls.
I'd agree that the Israeli government is mostly comprised of assholes, but compared to their government from a few decades ago, they're pretty tame now. But anyway, I'm not promoting one view or another about the prime minister, I just wanted to disperse a random bit of trivia I had stuck in my head.
Well I'm a progressive and Teddy Roosevelt (He hated that nickname, btw) is my favorite President. Not cause he was a Marxist (lol, the guy didn't even break up monopolies with that much vigor) but because he was the first progressive president in office, did a lot of good once he was there, and was by miles the biggest, bad-ass American President we've ever had. To compare him to GWB is ludicrous. The man was competent, a war hero, and won the fuckin' Nobel Peace prize.
If you were born in 1959, you're not really a boomer.  Hate to break the news.
You're 49 years old!!

Dude, I hate to sound ageist, but find something better to do than trolling the internet. 

Goddammit.
Act of upmodding &gt;&gt; Speed of upmodding
Nanten, you are mistaken. A boomer, historically is one born between 1946 and 1964, which DOES make me a Boomer. We're going to rule the world -- reset Queen 1978

We Are The Champion, My Friends! And We'll Keeping on Screwing with the Younger Generations, Till The End. Please, Please, Downmode me. Please, Please downmode me. No Time for Losers Cause we Are The Champions, OF THE WORLD!!!!
Tell that to Abe Simpson. Me and Homer are Rockin' Out!
No, I'm 48! Birthday in September. Don't make me any older than I already am! I know it seems like we f'ed up the world, but really, it's the generation ahead of us. WE WERE TOO COOL to vote for Bush. Actually, many of us were just too cool to vote. 

And by the way, if you think you get sick of us, man, you have no idea how we had the 1950s jammed down our throats. No, it wasn't better than the 70s, just their cars.
I don't have a problem with the boomers. Or any other label for that matter.

I just thought that by the time someone reached 48 (sorry!) they would have learned a few tricks in written expression. You come across to me as an annoying, angst-ridden, finger-pointing, snot-flicking, self-justifying, cause-less adolescent. IMO.
there's nothing special about boomers except their quantity, and thus the media's fixation on their maturation.

the really sad thing is that as the boomer bulk ages and becomes more conservative (despite their much trumpeted, liberal youth), the rest of us have no other choice than to be along for the ride.
I have heard criticism of Kissinger that he's part of some New World Order organization, a puppet of the Bilderberg family that rules the world in the Netherlands through the control of several national banking systems.

But how come we see Kissinger doing amazing, generous things -- things that Bush and Cheney should be doing but are too incompetent? And think about how old this man is! He's almost 85, nearly 90, still going at it with an extremely sharp mind.
americans have been convinced that we're the top of the food chain, and it's all downhill from here.  nafta has clearly demonstrated what the future holds for manufacturing jobs... once the mainstay of the middle class.  we've also been convinced that oil is the key to this lifestyle.  consequently we tacitly approve wars of oppression to forestall the decline.

if we don't believe the hippies when they say that a small-footprint, agrarian culture is the only hope for a sustainable society, then technology is our only hope of threading the needle and coming out the other side in one piece.  more war to protect our pathetic lifestyle will only prove to doom us.
certain miscreant amerikans are at war with the world, INCLUDING many AMERICANS right here. and i won't stand in your way when you and the rest come for them. goddamned xtian pretards. and ENDLESS list of excuses to abuse and destroy others. the problem is THEM.
Its interesting that you would bring in the state of their infrastructure into the discussion.  Isn't the US having similar, but less severe woes with that as well?
PuP5, I've been a bit of a jerk. But really, only in fun. The truth is, age does bring conservativism, but only to a point. I'm only three years older than Obama. He's the first "my generation" politick. There is real reason for hope. I believe that the US grievances against the world will propel a time of peace and prosperity. It won't be without heartache and conflict, but then as James Martin said in his book Alien Intelligence: After the Internet, if a person had known in 1900 that the world would've experienced 2 WWs, depressions, and nuclear war, would they have said that the 20th century would've been worth it? Probably not, and yet, it was an astonishingly good century in many ways. Do not give up hope. Elbow us oldsters out of the way--if you saw my 48-year old wife, you wouldn't think OLD! Hope abounds. It depends on your mindframe and sense of humor. Don't lose that! You'll need it!
What? I couldn't here the question because of all the blood pooled up in my ears.
Right. Because the Soviet Union and the (now) Russian Federation and 'Commonwealth' of 'Independent' States haven't needlessly murdered millions and millions of people.
Edit: I fucking hate people sometimes. Yes, you!
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generation_Jones
Well of course that's right. Anyone can see that.

But then he goes on to talk about Henry Kissinger and co., after which I stopped reading. Kissinger is Nazi scum.
&gt;The man was competent, a war hero, and won the fuckin' Nobel Peace prize.

Teddy Roosevelt was a warmonger and an imperialist. He was the first to start the American tradition of policing the world. He continued US intervention overseas. In the Phillipines alone US troops killed over 200,000 civilians during his presidency. Torture was used to gain information on guerrilla fighters. Sound familiar?

Even his conservation efforts were a disaster. He ended up destroying more of the environment than he saved.

He even tried to use the presidency to change the rules of college football.
Actually zionists/bankers are at war with the world using the US as its dumb attack dog.
Gorbachev? Why would anyone take advise from this guy? Look at where his country was when he came to power, look at where it was when he fell from power...
Stalin.

Gorbachev was just there so see it all end. Reagan was just influencing an already failed system.

Stalin introduced collectivisation of the Soviet agricultural system. Before WWI, Russia had been the biggest exporter of grain. By 1980, it was one of the largest importers of grain.

To pay for this, they sold oil. With the oil scare of the 70's, oil prices shot up. With high oil prices filling the coffers, Soviet spending shot up. When the oil prices plummeted in the 80's, there was no way left to pay for the grain.

The Western influence arrived when the Soviets wanted bailed out. Aide was offered only if the heavy-handed tactics were abandoned, and thus the Soviet empire lost control of the Eastern Bloc (whom they could no longer feed anyhow). The collapse of the Soviet system followed in suit.

Rebut.
No, no, no....

The S.U. fell because they were spending huge amounts on the military while their internal oil supplies were dwindling.

The U.S., however, is currently enjoying an extended rise in external oil prices while deploying large amounts of monetary reserves towards freedom keeping.
(Now, it's very likely that what I'm about to write had been expressed below, but c'mon: that's a lot of comments to read.)

Let's not forget that Gorbachev is basically the reason the cold war ended. He ensured that Russia had to eat significant crow in order to assuage the US to cool its rhetoric and munitions stockpiling. If this man, who lost favor with many in his own country by seeking peace, has something to say about US foreign policy, I see a reputable source to listen to.
No, in 2005 the American Society of Civil Engineers rated the American infrastructure a solid "D". (with a C+ for solid waste management!) Last time I checked, a "D" was a passing grade!
The USA is always at war with someone and it can be traced to religion.  Look at who's doing all the fighting these days and you will find people's belief in divinely inspired destiny is at the core.  It all starts with paranoia, born from the fear that others don't think like you and if you are open to new ideas and cultures, that you will lose your purity.  Belief in God is an insidious form of fear.  Fear that one can not live up to the expectations of the lord. Fear that others will pollute one's minds with evil thoughts.  And fear that  one's beliefs may be false if we examine them closely.  The God-deluded  are cornered animals.  Ironically they are more like the serpent - Coiled and afraid, ready to strike first and explore rationally later.  It should be no surprise that the USA behaves as it does when so many of it's citizens are so afraid.
&gt;a puppet of the Bilderberg family that rules the world in the Netherlands through the control of several national banking systems.

Bilderbergs vs. Rothchilds.  Now there's a Celebrity Deathmatch I'd pay to see.
I'm 43 - the older I get, the less conservative I become. 

Which is at least partly to do with the web - ie: the more I learn, the less conservative I become. The more peope I talk to the less conservative I become... the more fucking *conservatives* I talk to the less conservative I come.

There may or may not be anything special about the boomers, but there was definately something special about the 1960s. The high beautiful wave and all that.
"I speak loud!  And carry an even bigger stick!"

                 -- Yosemite Sam
Phew, The Neths is 7th. So at least we'll be okay. But on a more serious note, I personally think something fundamental has changed for the US. This spiraling debt, most of it to foreign debtors (China!) means the country can be held to ransom, well, any time those debtors like.

All that on top of the worst image of the US internationally that I can remember in my lifetime.
What was that bridge again, that recently collapsed in... ehrm... I forget...
Angst-ridden? I'm not that deep.
I could write your ass under a table.
The finger-pointing was started by the idiot using "uber" as some sort of intellectual expression.
I don't have to justify myself. I'm Kilgatron. And I have a cause. World peace. Just kidding. See? I am annoying!
The 60s? They sucked. War, Republican lying, Assassinations. Not even Apollo could cover that. Now the 70s. OH BABY! Don't get me started. That was the decade!
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baby_boomer

1946 to 1964  BABY BOOMER

I'm using CAPS for their ANNOYANCE FACTOR.
Nah, he's just a dick... a very evil dick
... therefore anything he says becomes false?
Calm down, he just got the internet.
Of course not. I think it's better to say 'nothing he says should be believed'.
The people of Russia.
I certainly see the influence of Teddy Roosevelt on Yosemite Sam's Character. They both are portrayed as pistol-toting loons, wear boots, go hunting, and have a cowboy hat. I wouldn't be surprised if he was the main inspiration for Yosemite Sam.
True, people often credit larger economic realities and public policies for the collapse of the soviet union, but often neglect to look at the individual people who were responsible. It involved people being willing to protest, the guards being unwilling to fire their guns at protesters, Gorbachev denying support to Communist leaders in Germany and elsewhere, etc. The minutia of events makes for more interesting reading than theories on why it happened.
It's always the people (ok sometimes it's those pesky conquers, and that one time on Easter Island where they literally cut down the last tree), when your power source becomes your enemy it's only a matter of time before it fails, the real questions is why the people changed sides, for which there are many answers.
I tend to think that all societies will eventually meet their demise, just because of harmful vestigial traits of our evolutionary past. We have trouble gaging risk and acting appropriately to those risks; we too often view the world as tribal beings when at this point in our history it would be far better if we worked together; and we are consistently myopic about where to go from here. I know this doesn't have a lot to do specifically with the collapse of the Soviet Union, I just wanted to put my deluge of thoughts down somewhere for people to read them. Might have something to do with the fact that I just took an Adderall for the first time in my life an hour ago. Holy shit, I feel fantastic!
I heard that about Adderall, I never did it basically because in my high school a lot of girls kind of got addicted to it and so thus I labeled it a girl's drug (sexist I know, but don't care), then came college where more guys did it, but first impressions die hard.

Societies die, or evolve, Machiavelli said that governments go from Monarchy to oligarchy to democracy and back to Monarchy, which is something I agree with. I think the problem is that government is retroactive instead of proactive and creates inherent problems that eventually become it's failing, for various reason. I'm a firm believer that the right type of government depends on the time and the culture, but often takes longer than it should to change.
The negative stimuli in the 60s created a very positive response with made the 70s what they were... but the changes happened in the 60s.

It does my head in how long ago it was - and how much happened in such a short space of time.

Check this video out :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0fqgq6ZMZY

an English interview with Led Zepplin - and by the looks of it, the interviewers hadn't quite gotten used to the Beatles yet... they were basically tring to be "modern" but catering to the social head-space that could still remember WWII - if you compare the social mores with the successive waves represented by The Beatles, then Led Zepplin etc - the pace of change was phenomenal

From where I'm sitting, 2008 doesn't look that different from the 80s.
Anyhow, America became less and less capitalist with the establishment of the Federal Reserve Corporation in 1913, then the gold turn-in of 1933 ([E.O.6102](http://www.the-privateer.com/1933-gold-confiscation.html)).

Now we're entirely 'debtist' - true anti-capitalist, with all fiat money created centrally as debt, and the most powerful corporations are built on debt, rather than capital.

Anyone with capital savings in Federal Reserve Notes get their wealth more and more diluted, as the money-supply is increased centrally, thus debasing the Federal Reserve Fiat Dollar and making each unit of currency more worthless.  While those with debt benefit from having their debt wiped out, and so the banks have the upper hand by choosing who to "loan" low-cost debt to.
I've got more than clues, I've got evidence.
oh sure you do, blah blah blah blah
It was, however, in response to Bugs Bunny who quoted Roosevelt directly.

Summary:
And I have a cause.
I don't have a problem with the boomers.
And what makes you say that?
The more peope I talk to the less conservative I become... the more fucking *conservatives* I talk to the less conservative I come.
I know, I know, we've caused all the world's problems.
Don't make me any older than I already am!
Gorbachev was just there so see it all end.
I wish Gorbechev was president of the US.
The US hates freedom, and I don't say that to be deliberately inflamatory; the facts speak for themselves.
And think about how old this man is!
I don't have to justify myself.
He was referencing the "they hate us for our freedom" comment.
I know it seems like we f'ed up the world, but really, it's the generation ahead of us.
Edit: I fucking hate people sometimes.
Actually, many of us were just too cool to vote.
Doesn't anyone see the hypocrisy in saying "they hate us for our freedom.
"Seems" to me like it already is.
I think it's better to say 'nothing he says should be believed'.
Well, when the rest of the world stops hating freedom, things should make a turn for the better.
I believe that the US grievances against the world will propel a time of peace and prosperity.
After all, they raised us.
Many people are happy the way they are.
Look at where his country was when he came to power, look at where it was when he fell from power...
Everything in the US is about the Boomers running out of time in their lives.
Who really did more to bring an end to the Soviet Union: Reagan or Gorbachev?
Its as simple as that.
But on a more serious note, I personally think something fundamental has changed for the US.
The Bush regime:

"we're taking away your freedoms so the terrorists don't have to."
He's the first "my generation" politick.
Hopefully your transition to generic world power will come without a depression.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.23
