Original Response:
Because Russians are all stupid commies.
Because that fucker got things *done*.
Whereas Americans voted Bush in. Twice.
Why is Bush still popular in the US, despite the brutality of his regime?

All Americans know what he's done, just like all Russians know what Stalin did.
The Russians are imperialists. Not just the elites but almost all of them. They like being strong and feared and in Stalin's time Russia WAS strong and feared. The greatest insult is to ignore them or consider them weak. They are very nationalist and brainwashed to believe that they are Great People and that the whole world is against them.
The whole world doesnt do a whole bunch to try and change their mind.

Calling them brainwashed probably doesnt help much.
uuuuuuuh... because Americans are not the only stupid ones.
[deleted]
Why is Sherman still popular in the South?
Because he took a country that was basically a frozen version of the Congo and turned it into an industrial superpower in 30 years?

Oh yeah, and in the middle of that program most of the country was obliterated by the Nazis.

As he himself said, "the death of a million is a statistic." Statistics, unfortunately, are forgotten. National greatness is remembered.
it's the sexy mustache
You're comparing apples to oranges.  Stalin killed off millions of Soviet citizens and sent other millions of innocent citizens to Gulags.
He also misplaced nations like th chechens. He even made a region for the Jews (the autonomous jewish oblast) as a joke somewhere in the middle of Siberia so that jews can persue their  jewish heritage.
[deleted]
Here's the simplest and most likely reason why Stalin retains any positive symbolism:

Russia was not defeated by Germany in WWII, and Stalin had complete control of the military, so  he has been given great credit.


It should be said, though, that Stalin did a lot of things strategically wrong in WWII (and Khruschev made these points in his '57 secret speech), but the fact remains Russia defeated Germany on the Eastern Front, and Russians are very proud of this partly because Russian citizens felt WWII more than any other participants civilians.
Because the communists were still in power for 3 decades afterwards.  And when you are in power, you write the history.
yeah, and i think putin works in a similar way, although his way is less violent.  Putin also works to silence opposition among other things in order to preserve stability.  

Also, if stalin killed all his enemies then is today's russian population made up of decendents of his supporters?
Er, the speech was in 1956, actually.  

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On_the_Personality_Cult_and_its_Consequences

Three years after Stalin's death, Khruschev gave this speech that shattered Stalin's cult of personality.
required Bulllwinkle reference
No.

It's filled with people who remained quiet and somehow survived WWII, famines, and purges.

Stalin didn't kill all his enemies: he killed all his perceived enemies, including Russia's greatest military thinker.
I find the animosity towards Russia in British newspapers to be really interesting. They countries have mutually distrusted each other for what, 150 years?
Why is Abe Lincoln still popular despite the brutality of his regime?
Oh right. 

[According to the declassified Soviet archives, during 1937 and 1938, the NKVD detained 1,548,367 victims, of whom 681,692 were shot - an average of 1,000 executions a day.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Purge#Rehabilitation)

On the cases investigated by the State Security Department of NKVD (GUGB NKVD):

* At least 1,710,000 people were arrested
* At least 1,440,000 people were sentenced


At least 724,000 were executed. Among them:

* At least 436,000 people were sentenced to death by NKVD troikas as part of the Kulak operation

* At least 247,000 people were sentenced to death by NKVD Dvoikas' and the Local Special Troykas as part of the Ethnic Operation

At least 41,000 people were sentenced to death by Military Courts

Among other cases in October 1936-November 1938:

* At least 400,000 were sentenced to labor camps by Police Troikas as Socially Harmful Elements (социально-вредный элемент, СВЭ)
* At least 200,000 were exiled or deported by * At least 2 million were sentenced by courts for common crimes, among them 800,000 were sentenced to Gulag camps.

Yeah. Nice comparison. Asshole.
when i read this i thought: THIS FUCKING THING SUCKS. 

but i just can't seem to help thinking that right now about everything.
Sure did.

&gt;[...it involved the purge of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, repression of peasants, deportations of ethnic minorities, and the persecution of unaffiliated persons, characterized by omnipresent police surveillance, widespread suspicion of "saboteurs", imprisonment, and killings. Estimates of the number of deaths associated with the Great Purge run from the official figure of 681,692 to nearly 2 million.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Purge)


Sounds like a hard worker!!
Yeah bush only killed a million *Iraqi* citizens, and we all know they don't count.
Because for all his atrocities he still turned Russia into a world superpower.  And it reminds people that Russia was once a respected nation.
Brainwashing.

Why do citizens of the PRC think that if you criticize the Chinese Communist Party, you are somehow insulting their culture and people? Why do neocons "think" whatever it is they "think"?
Also, his brutal regime *was* rather effective. He took an obsolete Russia and made it into a world power; those who survived grew proud of this fact, those who died don't have a voice.
[deleted]
Most people respect Russia *less* because they know that the Russians let themselves be led by a maniac like Stalin.

The world *feared* the USSR, they definitely did not respect it.

I'm not sure that the average Russian sees the distinction between being feared and being respected. That goes to the heart of the problem with Russia today.
Also he took a country that was technologically and industrially obsolete by centeries and turned it into a world power.
[deleted]
[deleted]
SCREW IT, WE'LL DO IT LIVE!!!
Why is Hillary popular in W Virginia?

Same thing.
&gt;Also he took a country that was technologically and industrially obsolete by centeries and turned it into a world power.

And how did he do that? By raping his own people. Definitely someone to look up to...
If Machiavelli is to be believed, then [fear should suffice](http://www.constitution.org/mac/prince17.htm).
[deleted]
How did America do it? By raping west africa.
No, contrary to what you might have heard, the west doesn't really care about who you elect. What we care about is *how* you elect someone. With the suppression of the press and blatant voter fraud in Russia (election monitors were even blocked from entering the country during the last election) it's clear to us in the west that the hope we had for Russia after the Cold War was misplaced.

We hoped that Russia would become a true *partner* instead of a *competitor*. That you might help tackle issues such as weapons proliferation, diplomacy in the middle east, and global poverty.

We thought that Russia would be able to move beyond the Kings, Czars, and the Stalins. We thought you might become a transparent democracy that respects human rights and dignity. Instead you've decided to make ex-FSBer Putin your new Czar.

Good luck with that, let's chat again when the price of oil/gas falls and your economy is going down the drain.
Maybe The Crimean War has something to do with this?
Duh, because all the people who'd hate him are dead.
Apparently, people aren't capable of judging (or choosing) competent leaders.
[deleted]
same reason why americans still admire reagan despite his devastation of our economy and culture?
Tell that to the Palestinians.
my parents love stalin
my grandparents love stalin
it's hard to explain, but russians have a thing for dictators.
As much as I believe Bush is criminally stupid, there is a difference between failure to forsee the consequences of one's actions, resulting in the suffering of others, and the deliberate action to cause the suffering of others.

Bush probably feels bad when Iraqis die, he just manages to convince himself that Al Qaeda in Iraq, or Iran, or whoever, is truly responsible, for diverting his wonderful plan for rainbows and lollypops throughout Iraq.

Stalin didn't give a shit. He was smart enough to know he was going to kill millions, and did it anyway.
Sadly, for many people, he did. For those the authoritarian machine did not eat, some still pine for the order and privilege it brought (to them).
They did respect. Putin won because the Russians realized that West was laughing at them if they tried to please it. Putin and Medvedev were chosen indirectly because of West.
Your point? Two wrongs make a right?
Don't forget about clearing away all those "pesky natives".
Why is reagan so popular? His interventionistic foreign policy was no less moral than stalin's domestic.
It's all marketing.
You're downmodded, but you're right. I'm Russian, and the commie mentality of the majority of my compatriots really pisses me off.
&gt;frozen version of the Congo

WTF are you talking about? Tsarist Russia was very powerful. It would definitely be a superpower without commie intervention. In fact, it might've been a superpower to this very day.
Or maybe you are brainwashed by the west into thinking that you can separate the government from the people and culture. In China, government, people culture and even religion have always been fused
The Soviet Union, not Russia. Big difference actually.
&gt; How did America do it? By raping west africa.

C'mon, that's just goofy.

The capital generated by slavery was minuscule compared to that from the industrial North. If slavery was so valuable economically, how did the South lose the Civil War, and remain an economic backwater through most of the 20th Century?
Reagan was actually unpopular when he left office and is less popular now. 

&gt;His interventionistic foreign policy was no less moral than stalin's domestic. 

Care to put some numbers on that?
What?

Sorry to let facts get involved in your rant, but wasn't the south the most agrarian, least developed part of America? Wasn't the North the industrial epicenter of America?
&gt; Why do neocons "think" whatever it is they "think"?

Wow, not like you're brainwashed.
Nobody likes Reagan. Only stupid people who were children under his administration and never read books even acknowledge him.
Brutality? Regime?
What good does making your country a world power do for the average Soviet? You state it like it's a good thing. Switzerland did their citizens more good by just staying neutral little Switzerland.
&gt; Why is Sherman still popular in the South?

Maybe you know more about the South than I do, but *Sherman*?

Mr. Burn-Atlanta-Burn?
I think he was one of the most evil bastards of the 20th century, and even I have to admit that I like his mustache.
He has no point.

http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/sophism
Er, what? Are you suggesting that Russia is somehow an ally of the Palestinians? I'm sure the Chechens would agree with you.
Russia didn't defeat the Germans on the Eastern Front, cold weather did (This seems to be your best defense, Napoleon Bonaparte was stopped by exactly the same technique, see [this description](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Minard.png)). I'm sure all you Russians will be greatly outraged by such a statement, but don't let those pesky facts get in the way of your nationalism.
He transformed a backwater feudal Russia into a world super power in 20 years.
OH LAWD! HE SAID SOMETHING ABOUT DAH GIPPER!
Amen, only recently has the South "risen" again, due to friendly business policies, warm weather, and an abundance of Yankee transplants.
He's not. It's the same as to say that Hitler is popular in Europe because there are neo-nazis.
Nah, it would have never built up infrastructure withouth the NEPs. Lenin set the course, Stalin followed through.
"Only stupid people who were children under his administration and never read books even acknowledge him." This does constitute a large portion of America:)
&gt; Also he took a country that was technologically and industrially obsolete by centeries and turned it into a world power.

Nonsense. Pre-war Russia was not technologically that much behind the West.


E.g check here

http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/mod/indrevtabs1.html

In 1913 Russia was 5th largest world economy, had one of largest rail networks, etc...

(and how else could you explain that technologically advanced Germany made virtually no headway against Russian army during the WW1?)
slavery was nationwide.
So America's technological and industrial success in the 19th century was due to slavery?
Sorry to let facts get involved in your response to a rant, but to quote from "Complicity: How the North promoted, prolonged, and profited from slavery":

*What their research uncovered was that Connecticut's initial economic development was a result of slavery; its continued growth was based on a dependence on slavery, and Connecticut's complicity in the institution of slavery was immense and long-standing.*

Slavery and the investment income generated from it provided the basis for the technological and industrial development of the U.S.
So without slaves, there would have been no industrialization or technological growth?
What military thinker are you referring to?
They have to eat.
&gt;No, contrary to what you might have heard, the west doesn't really care about who you elect. What we care about is how you elect someone.

Hamas won the Palestinian legislative election in 2006 fair and square. The election itself was conducted [peacefully](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1137605916877&amp;pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull) and to international rigor. 

Yet the west immediately ceased [funding](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4661066.stm) Palestine because of it. Not to mention you get [lunatics](http://www.wsws.org/articles/2006/feb2006/pipes-f02.shtml) who just talk nonsense.
Cotton?
In some part yes. Otherwise, I have no idea. I think the north, African-Americans were mostly used for around the house, but I find it hard to believe they wouldn't be of use in industry.
&gt;We hoped that Russia would become a true partner instead of a competitor.

Translation: We hoped that Russia would allow our multinational companies and investment banks to rape it blind of all it's natural resources.

&gt;That you might help tackle issues such as weapons proliferation, diplomacy in the middle east, and global poverty.

Translation: That you might help support the aggressive mineral resource wars of the west, allow the US and Britain to invade Iran, and join the WTO so we can strip mine Russia of it's companies, it's jobs and natural resources.

&gt;Good luck with that, let's chat again when the price of oil/gas falls and your economy is going down the drain.

Not going to happen. Russia is investing in medical care, education, roads, bridges, nuclear power plants, and ports to benefit it's people. America is bordering on hyperinflation and has destroyed it's infrastructure for the last 30 years. The good ole US of A is living on borrowed time and borrowed *Chinese* money.
Yes you dipshit.
Yes there would have been growth, or yes there would have been no growth?
I mean, there was a huge influx of blacks who wouldn't have otherwise been there besides the raping of West Africa.
You both have a point.
Although to be honest, I rather thank that Cup's point is more applicable given the ridiculous history of America fucking around in other countrys' elections/governments.
SHE'S GOING TO FUCK A LOT OF DUDES
I don't know. My time machine is broken.
He made the trains run on time, oh wait, that was Benito Il Duce.
The problem is that we've had networks like the GE News Network putting up guys like Bill Bennett who sit there with a straight face and tell us that moral relativism is about our coming up with excuses for why the "bad guys" choose to attack us when in reality it really is about our coming up with the rationalization that lets us attack these "bad guys" in the first place.

Did Stalin do some fucked up shit?  Of course he did.

Does it come anywhere close to the atrocity our government is in the process of committing in its waging the war on drugs?

Not at all.  The two aren't even comparable.

We have all been brainwashed.
Why is Christianity still popular in the West despite the atrocities committed by Christian  church?

Answer: for most  people those atrocities is distant history, they don't have to (and don't want to) think about them.

Same thing with Stalin:

Vast majority of the people who experienced Stalin regime's brutality first hand are already dead.

So for vast majority of Russians this is non-personal history. And when it comes to history, every nation[1] is guilty of changing history to what's liked by  majority of population. And of course Russians prefer to think  of that period in terms of achievements rather than in terms of atrocities. (and achievements are undeniable, even though it seems very likely that Russia would have had similar achievements without the revolution).


[1] I cann't speak for every nation, I can speak for USA, the history in USA is definitely greatly distorted: e.g. most Americans really think that it was USA who won the WW2 (note: one should differentiate between history as science and history as known by population: I (and the article) are using the second meaning)
http://dangerousnegro.wordpress.com/2008/05/12/slavery-and-the-american-economy/

The results of the economic value of this free labor are, when inflated conservatively at 3% to 2006 dollars, a staggering value of 20.3 trillion dollars or to put this number in a more visual perspective; it amounts to $563,450 per African American currently living in the US. This amount is low since slave labor was counted from the year 1700 instead of 1619 and, as mentioned previously, the census data, in all likelihood, is low for various taxing demands and for those members of the Black race that were able to pass for white or elude the census.

...

Following the thread of these dollars would be another interesting aspect of black economic research since even without detailed research it is known that Aetna Insurance Co., E.I. Dupont, and J.P. Morgan, Brown University, to name a very, very few, reaped substantial benefits from the grim business of slavery. For example, Pierre Bauduy purchased 4 out of the original 16 shares issued for the E.I. DuPont Company for $8,000. Pierre Bauduy obtained his money from the profits of a Haitian plantation which he was forced to vacate during the Haitian revolution.
Besides the socialist rhetoric your comment is spewing out, I find it interesting that you did not respond to the first part of my comment:

&gt;we care about is how you elect someone. With the suppression of the press and blatant voter fraud in Russia (election monitors were even blocked from entering the country during the last election) it's clear to us in the west that the hope we had for Russia after the Cold War was misplaced.

Russia can invest in all it wants, but money is not going to get you anywhere, just ask Saudi Arabia.

Seriously, basing your economy on oil/gas is a recipe for disaster. Don't take my word for it though, read this:

http://www.foreignaffairs.org/20080501faessay87301/michael-l-ross/blood-barrels.html
^^ Stop modding this down, you fools. He is correct. Russia was very modernized long before Stalin, thanks largely to the reign of [Peter the Great](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_The_Great#Early_reign) during the 17th and 18th centuries.

Wo1ke, who is getting all the up-mods by claiming that Russia was centuries behind before Stalin, is totally ignorant about what he's talking about.
agreed.
No. The election is pointless when the president transfers power to another office that he's taking over and hand picks his successor. Go ahead and lick the fascist's hand. That's what your people have been good at for the last 100 years.
Go read about what he did for freedom of speech and the right to a fair trial.
Because he defeated hitler... yes... feel it... almost single handedly and as an after thought to saving his own nation, saved the entire free world?  33 million.  We lost 245,000.  Think about it.  The Nazis were in full retreat in 1943.  He had defeated them before the D-day landing ever happened.
&gt;I find it interesting that you did not respond to the first part of my comment

I find it interesting that you did not respond to the 2 out of 4 statements I did respond to.
Not by the 20th century. It had been powerful once (at the time of Peter the Great and thereabouts), but by 1900 it had fallen way behind other "European" powers.
I think Stalin is certainly an interesting character.  Mainly because he was a savant of sorts.  He had an astonishing memory for people.  He would meticulously make lists of 100s of people he wanted executed.  He remembered all their names and their offenses toward him!  He totally outmaneuvered Trotsky for control of the Soviet Union after Lenins death because he remembered the names and personalities of a very large number of people in the government -- allowing him to almost handcraft the government.  Some people are geniuses at math.  Stalin was a genius at people.  Unfortunately he was also severely paranoid and believed sincerely in the fundamental power of violence to change the world.
I did. Amazing how nice he was given it was a bloody nasty civil war. Compare him to others in a similar position and you will be impressed.
Reagan had his flaws, but I don't think he killed 2 million of his own people, and he was directly responsible for helping making the Russians back down. Before you start objecting to the last part, read what Soviet leaders  thought about Reagan. The Soviets directly finger Reagan's hardball tactics with the Air Traffic Controller strike as the event that convinced them that Reagan would follow through with his threats. It doesn't mean you have to love the man, but it's tiresome to hear people reinterpret history to excise his role.
It was a world power long before Stalin. The Russian Empire was one of the wealthiest and most powerful nations in the world for centuries. Go read a history book.
What good does national pride do anyone? It's just a penis extension.
I can see there's little point in arguing with you since you already have all the answers.

Do me a favor, play this little mental game: "Imagine you are wrong and you have been spoon-fed a bunch of propaganda". Then imagine that nightmare came true.

This should be your mantra: "don't look at the facts" .... "blame the US", and "blame Israel more"...

Isn't that the true reason a bunch of Bangladeshi's decided to blow up parts of India? Surely the Israeli "zionists" and the "neocons" are to blame!!!

Pathetic. thank Zeus foreign policy is not decided by the likes of you.
Also, he killed off most of his best military brass in his paranoia...just before World War II.  If he hadn't done that, many more innocent lives could have been spared thanks to superior Russian strategy when Hitler invaded in 1941.
You're comparing Christians to Stalin apologists?
You're right, they're not even remotely comparable.

Stalin rounded up millions and sent them to forced labour camps for the suspicion of not supporting his government, resulting in the deaths of millions of people.

On the other hand, you have to deal with the "atrocity" of it being illegal to get high.

No one has ever suffered like you suffer.
There would have been far less growth. Agriculture generated much of the capital that was used to finance America's industrialization. It's a cruel irony that it was that same industrialization which rendered slavery inefficient and obsolete.

Read up: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_Slater
This article is a bullshit. Stalin is not a popular guy in Russia but Putin really is. Stalin was popular in early 90s because most of middle class became low class at the time. Stalin was associated with there better(at their opinion) life without any fear of future and thoughts about what to eat tomorrow.
After Putin became a president no one recognize what a smart ass he is(or those guys standing behind his back). He definitely new how to buy their souls and votes. All they needed is an opportunity to life well(yep, they had to compare with). Putin noticed that Russia doesn't need scientists and teachers(stupid people are quite useful for government). Speaking another words, he decided Russia doesn't need brains, rather it needs gas and oil. Selling these things he grew up russian economy, but at the same time made this country even more agrarian than it was. Most of people in Russia get all information about policy, world and russian economy from their TVs(relatively cheap internet can be found only in two cities: Moscow and Saint-Petersburg but even there most people don't want to search and analyze information. They are too busy swimming in illusion of stability).
It is really sad.
Without the abundant cheap resources provided by slave labour, I think the progression would have been hugely slowed.

Industrialisation is driven by capitalism, as it was in Europe, and America and now in Africa. Without the huge profits you could reap by turning cheap goods into expensive manufactured products where would the demand for factories come from?

I could be wrong, but it seems like you're arguing that the free labour injection of slavery had no effect on America's chances of economic domination.
Because I get results.

Back in my day, the KGB, the GIGN and the CIA are all trying to prove that they are the best at catching criminals. The Secretary General of the UN decides to give them a test. He releases a rabbit into a forest and each of them has to catch it. The CIA goes in. They place animal informants throughout the forest. They question all plant and mineral witnesses. After three months of extensive investigations they conclude that rabbits do not exist. The GIGN goes in. After two weeks with no leads they burn the forest, killing everything in it, including the rabbit, and make no apologies: the rabbit had it coming. The KGB goes in. They come out two hours later with a badly beaten bear. The bear is yelling: "Okay! Okay! I'm a rabbit! I'm a rabbit!"
You know it is very comfortable to write about "death of millions" and industrial fucking superpower sitting somewhere in a worm safe place. Do you know how many people this bastard killed? Do you know how many scientistsб poets and writers he sent to internments?
Bacon?
Ok, I'll bite: Who won WWII?

My money's on Steven Spielberg.
The beaten dog misses the whip.
One of the easiest ways to control the people is by telling them that whatever you are trying to force them to do has been their way of life all along.

That said, you're wrong. You're wrong principally because two foreign cultures have ruled over China, the Mongols and the Manchus. Where is your fusion of "people culture" and government there?

Furthermore, Confucian philosophy provides a perfect disconnect between the people and the state. Quite simply, if the people revolt, then the state has earned heaven's wrath, and deserves to be overthrown. But it looks like the Chinese Communists have worked hard to quell dissent (think Tienanmen Square). Where is your fusion of religion and state there?

The Chinese government rapes its people, just like all governments do. It just so happens that the Chinese are getting shafted extra hard.
Jesus Christ you're stupid.
Reagan == Stalin?

Bwaahahaha.
You just acknowledged him. Stupid, non-reading child.
Sorry, I'm just an angry conservative wondering why neocons turned on me.
Please... how does a president have any effect on our culture?
This is all the western propaganda these people are spewing out.  Somehow they get the current anti Muslim propaganda and ignore it, but the propaganda against Russia still remains...
&gt;I could be wrong, but it seems like you're arguing that the free labour injection of slavery had no effect on America's chances of economic domination.

Not at all, the OP just seemed to suggest our industrial and technological advancement was the result of slavery. 

I think it had an impact, but I don't think that it was the sole reason behind it. 

But wasn't slavery in the south mostly just cotton and the like? There was a large influx of black labor in the 20th century, but I don't think the actual slaves were manufacturing the products.
He just sent millions of people to die and get in the Nazis' way. Russian winter is what defeated the Nazis.
Because all russian pupils are lied at about Stalin.  To them, he was the hero who transformed a battered and shaken nation into a strong, coherent bastion against the german invaders.  (Which is, to make matters more complicated, part of the truth about Stalin.)  The millions and millions of killings are swept under the carpet.  The russian mentality does not care much about the fate of people anyway.
Seems like an out of context reply if it's referring to my coment.
You are an informed fellow. 

I knew about Samuel Slater, he's one of these neat true tales of America, the guy who memorized floor plans and brought them over.
&gt;I can see there's little point in arguing with you since you already have all the answers.

Funny. I was thinking the same thing about you.

&gt;Do me a favor, play this little mental game: "Imagine you are wrong and you have been spoon-fed a bunch of propaganda". Then imagine that nightmare came true.

Funny. I was thinking the same about you.

&gt;This should be your mantra: "don't look at the facts" .... "blame the US", and "blame Israel more"...

Well, you've got 2 out of 3 right.

&gt;Isn't that the true reason a bunch of Bangladeshi's decided to blow up parts of India? Surely the Israeli "zionists" and the "neocons" are to blame!!!

probably. somehow.

&gt;Pathetic. thank Zeus foreign policy is not decided by the likes of you.

I don't believe in Zeus.
I wouldn't call presiding over the murder of hundreds of thousands of Americans who wanted state autonomy from a tyrannical government as being nice.
I would say that the simplest reason is a conjunction of the following:

1) Many of the Russians that support him do not truly understand the scale of his atrocities.

2) Those who do understand yet still support him are morally broken.

By this we may conclude that a relatively high percentage of Russian people are either historically ignorant or morally broken.
"State autonomy"? Alright, I won't argue that point as it is hard to say when a state deserves to be independent (Chechnya, etc.)

However, please give me a goddamn break. Abe Lincoln's intentions going into the Civil War were not as pure as many think (he didn't want to free the slaves), but the out come is far more beneficial than had the South split.

Though honestly with all that I see in the South today, please, I'm begging for it to leave so that we don't have to subsidize it and it's backwardness.
Maybe it wouldn't still be so backwards if Lincoln wouldn't have had a scorched earth policy to "teach them a lesson".
&gt; Russian citizens felt WWII more than any other participants civilians.

Why don't you tell that to the Japanese folks who got vaporized in nuclear fire.
I hardly think Lincoln wanted to "teach them a lesson." Really true total war did not begin until 1864 with Tecumseh, 3 years into the war. This was hardly an action of malice as much as necessity in this war.

This conversation reminds me of an article I read about Southern schools, many use text books that refer to the Civil War as the "War of Northern Aggression". It is true that history is the victor's record of it, but I really think you're letting yourself getting away with hating "the other side" and not looking at the facts objectively.

EDIT: Also with all the racism they continued to show in mainstream Southern society (and even in some places I've seen recently in Louisiana in Baton Rouge), I don't think that many are to blame for their backwardness but them.
Because the people see his reign as something resembling a  "lost golden age", when Mother Russia defeated the Great Western Evil? 

I did not have the time to read all the comments (a bit early for such concentration), but it does seem that a lot of the redditors are taking the position of "he made others respect/fear us" or "he made us into a superpower", or "he saved us from Hitler". While rabidly debatable arguments on their own, (especially the saving part - as I remember, he did much to eviscerate the Red Army prior to Operation Barbarossa; and the fact remains that the Army did the fighting, not him. He was not even a general! In similar terms it could be said that Hitler was the Desert Fox, not Rommel...but I digress), none of these should absolve him of his atrocious crimes. 

Because basically the ones arguing for him are right now making the argument of "the end justifies the means". However, the ends are not being questioned in "this" article - I'm sure there are hundreds and thousands out there, with savvy analyses of what came out and how. The MEANS are those that should be considered.
Do neocons think? ;)
[deleted]
Russian people defeated the nazis.  The nazis themselves said they were the worst soldiers to fight.  You have no idea what you're talking about.  I know you're speaking through years of cold war propaganda.  I was educated through that filter and after it.  It wasn't always winter on that front.  They killed, with their guns, far more germans than any other country.  It was their fight, and they won it.  Stalin lead them.  He may have been a paranoid jerk, but the single most heroic act of leadership in the 20th century, against the greatest odds, belongs to him.  He sent the number of people necessary to keep Russia from ending.  They went, and died for their country, and didn't quit as they did in WWI.  Why?  They had leadership.
Why did Germany ban Hitler and the Nazi leaders from the "best of" options? That illegitimizes the result. Just let the people decide! They can make up their own minds, they dont need government minders telling them what to think.
27 million people killed in the U.S.S.R.

Sure, they weren't nuked twice, but wondering whether you freeze to death or die of starvation faster isn't as glamorous as you might think.  

And then you add bullets and bombs.
They are brilliant, actually. But it just so happens that they are morally bankrupt.

1. Appease the people with welfarism.
2. Send nation into unconstitutional wars.
3. ???
4. Profit!

What they aren't thinking about is what's in the interest of the US.
Downmodded for spreading disinformation.

You seem fond of Wikipedia.  Read the actual article for that picture.  It directly refutes your own statement.
Mikhail Tukhachevsky

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mikhail_Tukhachevsky
and the Germans running out of food and freezing to death had nothing to do with it?
People get cold and die from it, and that was part of what made the battles on the eastern front far more horrible.  The soldiers on both sides that fought there did in fact have to face much more horrible circumstances.  Germans and russians did in fact, both have to fight under those horrible, horrible conditions, and the russians prevailed under those conditions, and the germans did not. It is a condition that affects both sides.  Cold makes a battle harder for Russians too.  It only points out that their bravery and perseverance was even greater.
Russia's economic and political systems were "obsolete" for at least 50 years before the Communists came to power.
"Why is Bush still popular in the US?"

There I was thinking he was the least popular President in history.
Yes, but the supply lines for the Germans were much longer, for the Russians burned everything as they retreated. The adverse conditions did make it harder for everyone, but the Nazis had to wait weeks for new supplies and reinforcements while the Russians would only have to wait a few days.
You're acting like these facts somehow negate the heroism. Would the united states contributions be more impressive, or less impressive if we would have had to fight the entire war right here in the united states where our kids and families live.  The nazis did have supply problems.  Germans didn't have warm enough clothes either.  They made tactical mistakes.  They underestimated Russian industrialization and preparedness.  Their leadership failed them.  It doesn't change the fact that those battles are the ones they expended the great majority of their resources on.  That front was the hard part of fighting the Nazis.  Operation Barbarossa was what the war was really about.  It was the big plan.  The russians stopped the Nazis cold and it ruined everything the Nazis had planned.  If they hadn't when they did, we would live in a different world.  Stop and think about what you know about those battles.  Never an american movie made about those sacrifices and they benefited us nearly as much as russia itself.  You might not like the ideology of the USSR, and neither do I, and that's why a huge propaganda effort was undertaken to dismiss what they did.  That was a long time ago, and people should tell the story right in retrospect.  It was an amazing achievement.
[deleted]
It wasn't so super looking from the inside.

He also obliterated agriculture to build up that industry - which was highly inefficient in it's own right. USSR, holding best arable lands in the world, had to import massive amounts of food to keep it's population from starving.
Valid point - people think he was great because  majority of them have no personal memories of him and get their information from TV-s Stalin fan club.
I'm not negating the heroism and sacrifice of the soldiers and the country as much as I am the leadership. All Stalin realized was that if he sent enough people to die and get in the way of the Nazis they would eventually starve or freeze. Using human life simply as a disposable good was not a terrific display of heroism or leadership, nor was it entirely justifiable.
It's funny for me as an outsider to see people waving Georg's order ribbons while praising Stalin, considering the wearers of the original  were nearly wiped out by him in 1938.

And russians ain't _proud_ of WW2 - it's just been the official state religion for past 60 years.
Same empire, whatever the name.
Why not? There's not much difference in the dogmas, so their respective proponents are comparable.
Don't sell your people short, dammit.

Russians only _seem_ to like dictators, because they have never had a choice.
How would you have suggested he defeat them in a... war?  He made the tanks and rifles for em and sent em to fight the enemy, and they did, and they won, and they didn't give up no matter how horrendous the conditions or circumstances.    The germans had air superiority over most of the theater because russian planes sucked.  They simply wouldn't give up.  If they'd have blinked, it would have been over.  What would you have suggested they do besides win?  You are negating it by saying it wasn't justifiable.  If you said the 245,000 deaths in WWII were not justifiable to one of those old american legion guys with the funny hat, they'd poop their pants, pull off their oxygen mask and have at you.
Yeah, exactly, those were the lucky ones.
Arn't you thinking of the French (with Napoleon)?  They defiantly had supply problems and food and warm clothing shortages.  Also when they tried to invade Russia the winter that year was one of the worst on record (see [[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Napoleon%27s_invasion_of_Russia#A_war_of_logistics]])

The Nazis were backed up by the full might of the German (and French, Italian etc) economies so I don’t think producing a few Hundred Thousand Warm coats and boots would have been that much of a problem.  As well as that there supply lines were based on petrol trucks and aircraft not horse drawn wagons.  I doubt they either failed to produce or move the needed food, ammo and equipment.  Wikipedia says (so it must be true...) that they did have supply problems and that more people were killed by cold than combat but it also points out that 30 divisions of Siberian troops were brought up from eastern Russia with 1000 tanks and 1000 air craft.  The weather didn't help but the Russian army had the same problems (mostly) and still inflicted a major defeat on the Nazis.

I don’t remember the title but only a week or two ago there was an article on reddit that said that really Stalin was the Winner of WWII because at the end of it:

Germany was wrecked

Britain was wrecked

The US was still building up strength after the depression

The USSR covered almost 25% of the planets land surface and had the largest economy which was getting well industrialised

I might be wrong about some of this as I am quoting from an article I cant totally remember.  Still well done Stalin for Industrialising a nation like Russia, seeing off the Nazis and inflicting the first major defeats on them they ever suffered and vastly improving the lot of most of his people.  Pity he had to kill so many of them to do it but the rest seem very grateful
His rugged good looks?
Same reason Hitlery is popular among half the dems.
Go ask the Russians.
leftists. Lots of 'em on reddit.
Japan had slaves ?
Soviet Union won the war despite Stalin not because of him. 

- His purges in the Red Army weakened the Soviet Union. From Wikipedia, it's accurate:

&gt;The purge of the army removed three of five marshals (then equivalent to six-star generals), 13 of 15 army commanders (then equivalent to four- and five-star generals), eight of nine admirals (the purge fell heavily on the Navy, who were suspected of exploiting their opportunities for foreign contacts[15]), 50 of 57 army corps commanders, 154 out of 186 division commanders, 16 of 16 army commissars, and 25 of 28 army corps commissars. [16] In total, 30,000 members of the armed forces were arrested and executed.[17]

- He believed that Hitler won't attack him despite what his generals said (mainly Jukov) and made little to no preparations on the frontier.

- He ordered stupid counterattacks (in 1941 and 1942) that nearly made the Germans victorious. 

Of course he told all the Russians to fight, his ass was on the line. Hitler did the same thing.
You can as easily argue that the military purges, long before the war, made the army better. Something did, because they beat the Nazi war machine.  Even the romans decimated their legions.  Mistakes are made in wars.  He made less.  He won.  Generals blame leaders, leaders blame generals.  Americans act like Stalin did nothing as always, and that's really embarrassing.  He won the war.  It was because of him.  He was the standout hero of that war all things considered, nobody else comes close.
[deleted]
Why did you downmod me ? Read the Rediquette.

&gt;You can as easily argue that the purges, long before the war, made the army better.

No, you can't easily argue that. Long before the war ? Made the Army better ? Dude, I doubt that you can find ONE historian to agree with that. And I include the Russian ones too (not those who wrote on Stalin's times, of course). 

&gt;Americans act like Stalin did nothing as always

He did jackshit. He even sent great scientists in camps. Even Sergei Korolyov. Tupolev was arrested in 1937, Polikarpov and many others. If Jukov was the leader, the Red Army would have lost half the soldiers and occupied Berlin in 1943.
Germany's National Socialists won a election too. Like Hamas they went onto kill and imprison their opposition.
Im talkin' his foreign policy (Nicaragua, cambodia , south africa ....
  The totalatarian regimes he propped up killed many of their own citizens.
I stand corrected.  Stalin did "jackshit" in WWII as the leader of the Soviet Union in the fight against nazi germany.  My bad.
Excellent point. Democracy is a double edge sword.
reagan completely gutted funding for arts in this country.
Selleck/Stalin 08
Because he had webbed toes and everyone loves that shit.
Oh, so that's why there's been no art since 1983.
And I would call wanting to own human beings in the not nice category. I would call wanting to have the right to rape and torture and kill at will those you own as even very not nice. And I would not call it tyrannical to oppose the ownership of human beings. And, yes, slavery was one of the big reasons for the war. And Lincoln led a country in a war, a war that was started by Southerners firing on U.S. military. As such wars go civilians were not particularly targeted and killing soldiers is not murder.
&gt; The results of the economic value of this free labor are, when inflated conservatively at 3% to 2006 dollars...

The value of *anything* when inflated "conservatively" at 3% for 200 years will be massive. And simply because "free" labor was extracted from slaves against their will, costing them value, doesn't mean it provided comparable economic value to the slaveholder. The evidence is that it didn't, and that for the most part slavery served as an excuse to avoid much more economically valuable industrialization.

In short: the "economic value" of slavery you're describing would be just as high if slaves' job had been to dig ditches and then fill them in again.
Um, I wasn't defending Stalin - I was explaining why he's still admired.

Same reason Andrew Jackson's on our $20 bill.
USSR did not have a high percentage of arable land, if I remember correctly. Of course it still had a lot of it, being so huge. But its agricultural production per capita was always low.

Realize that many of the "famines" in the Stalin era were artificial. There was plenty of food, it simply wasn't distributed to areas that opposed him. In many cases the Communists burned grain stores.
'Irony'. Look it up.
rounding up millions of drug users and sending them to sado/masochist gay-love camps ain't much better.
&gt; The election is pointless

Ain't that the truth...
"The evidence is that it didn't, and that for the most part slavery served as an excuse to avoid much more economically valuable industrialization."

I'm curious as to where you're getting this from. As I understand it, slaves were one of the most expensive things you could own back then. Why would people pay so much for something that was worth so little.

Also, Mississippi was the wealthiest state in the Union per capita before the civil war. It's hard to understand how Mississippians were using slavery as an "excuse" for not building an even more productive economy when they were already doing quite well for themselves.
Right. Wooden ships in the age of steam and carts in the age of cars is "modernized." Also, notice the "industrially obsolete." That means, not only did we not have the technology in use or developed, we lacked the infrastructure to rapidly use that tech.

BTW [this](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ef/Terretory_given_away_after_Brest-Litovsk.jpg) kind of shit doesn't happen when a country is winning a war.
Many countries on Earth, including most of the European powers, currently lack the technology necessary to put man on the moon, a feat that has been accomplished by the United States. Does that mean that these countries are "obsolete by centuries"?
Does the common man use the space shuttle? No?

How about a car? Or, before airplanes, a ship? Maybe factory made products? 

That's why your analogy fails.
The war on drugs has resulted in many, many more deaths than what Stalin did, and your dismissing this atrocity as being about just getting high demonstrates your complicity.
Of course you can't say why because it is you who is really stupid.
No, that's why *your* analogy fails.

In the 1930s, even most common men in the United States did not own a car, and air travel was cost-prohibitive until after WWII.

Also, you claim that Russia did not have steam ships before Stalin? From your comments, I'm inferring that you yourself are from Russia by your use of the word "we". Surely you've heard of the cruiser "Aurora", one of *many* steam and coal-powered ships built *in the 19th century*, which later went on to become a symbol of the Russian Revolution -- decades before Stalin gained power.
The Model T was a great commercial success, and by the time Henry made his 10 millionth car, 9 out of 10 of all cars in the entire world were Fords. In fact, it was so successful that Ford did not purchase any advertising between 1917 and 1923; in total, more than 15 million Model Ts were manufactured, more than any other model of automobile for almost a century. (edit: source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_T#Production_2)

There were at most 100,000 cars in Russia, and that's a generous over-estimation. A model T, in 1920, cost $300, hardly inaccessible for the common man. 

Oh, and yes, there were steam powered ships in Russia, but how many of those were commercially available? How many were there total, compared to the USA or Britain? Nothing. There are solar powered cars in the USA, and they are quite famous in some circles, but does that mean that the USA fully developed solar tech? No.
Perhaps slavery in the South allowed the North to focus on things other than farming.
Very interesting topic.  

I would argue that it was Germany that one that battle against Russia. It was only because Germany was fighting on so many fronts did it lose the overall war. The Russians were crushed by Germany, just look at the numbers. The Russians lost far more than any other country, even more than Germany which was fighting several countries at once.
Before revolution, Russia was exporting food. In USSR times, the lands in Russia, Ukraine and Kasakhstan should've fed the population with huge amounts left over. Chinese manage to feed many times the population with less arable land.

The all-out shortages didn't hit in Stalin's times, but were a direct result of his collectivization policies. Starting from 60s USSR was net importer of food, by 80s the single largest one by far. The situation got bad enough to cause the breakup of USSR - by late 80s/early 90s the oil prices had dropped and suddenly there was not enough money to buy food. The population was rarely further than a few weeks from total starvation.

One option would've been rationing (I remember there being some, but not country-wide), but USSR's own food production capacity would've dictated rations even lower than those during WW2.

So there was no other option than to start borrowing copious amounts of money from west. And that money would've stopped if the regime had handled Eastern Europe breaking away and Baltics moving towards restoration of independence any more harshly than they did.

The Stalin nostalgics are either older people whose memories have faded, or youngsters who never had the chance to see how unsustainable and generally fucked up the system was.
You think the war on drugs is worse than Stalin.

*Stalin*. He killed more people than Hitler. How can that possibly be compared to half a million drug users and dealers being in prison?

&gt; Of course you can't say why because it is you who is really stupid.

I didn't say why because I thought it was obvious...
oh, internets.
[deleted]
First off, it's a half million drug users and dealers in prison... today.  It was another half million the day before.  And another half million before that.

Second, you're not paying attention to the mortality associated with the war on drugs.  We actually promote the use of the most deadly and most addictive drugs -- alcohol and tobacco -- while using violence to deter the use of drugs like marijuana, a drug which has never killed anyone and whose potential to addict is less than even coffee.

Tobacco use kills millions of people on this planet every year.  America is a chief exporter of tobacco.  Moreover, America has exploited its military and economic might to export the war on drugs as well.  We literally force people who choose to use drugs to use the most deadly drugs out there, which we of course then provide.  Taxpayer dollars subsidize both the manufacture and export of tobacco, and the war on drugs that drives people to use it.

That's millions of lives lost EVERY FUCKING YEAR this nonsense has been going on.  But wait, there's more!

We deny people medical care.  A doctor prescribes his patient pot and then we say no and arrest the patient and whomever we can find who was involved in providing his medicine.  More than that, we deny research into the medical use of marijuana, a plant which by the way has been used as medicine for millenia.  We even have evidence that Jesus Christ used marijana as medicine when healing others.  And when a medical study finds a value in marijuana or its ingredients the government not only shuts down the study but moves to destroy not only its findings but any evidence the research ever took place.  The most famous example of this was in 1973 when researchers at the Medical College of Virginia discovered that THC shrank and even eliminated cancerous tumors.

They find a potential cure for cancer and the government shuts it down.  How many people have died worldwide from cancer since 1973 who might have been able to benefit from this research?

It goes on.  We are not allowed to fully use hemp because of its association with marijuana, and so are made to use synthetic alternatives, synthetics which it has been shown time and time again are poisonous to the body when ingested.  We are not allow hemp as a fuel source, which is essentially non-toxic, and instead forced to use petroleum which is.  It doesn't matter whether you believe hemp could provide the kind of energy petroleum provides today, the point is we're not even allow to try.

The wars we fight over the war on drugs are not always presented as such:  Panama, Afghanistan, Colombia.  Vietnam?  The wars in our streets.  You may discount the deaths of innocent people when police bust down their door in the middle of the night and kill them but I certainly do not.  I see it for what it is.

I could go on and on but I think I've made my point.  You believe Stalin is the worst of the worst only because THAT IS WHAT YOU HAVE BEEN TAUGHT and by the very same people who then go on to tell you that the war on drugs is good and noble and decent.

Your stupidity is literally killing us.
Good lord, I can't even get through all that bullshit.

You're simply crazy. The WoD has not, and will never, kill 30 million people. Stalin did. End of story.
Of course you can't get through it.

You're stupid.

You're a fucking retard, and your stupidity threatens to kill us all.
Back to our original argument.  The russians didn't fight the germans, they all just got cold and died, or walked into the firing line because russians  are just stupid and do stuff like that.  You're right, they were slaughtered by the greatest military force ever assembled up to that time.  They were crushed from the air and the ground.  It was like thousands and thousands of miles of the beginning of the Battle of the Ardennes.  That's the point I've been trying to make.
Yes, Russia was exporting food - and the peasants were starving at the same time. That's what you get in a feudal system. Calories per capital was always (and remains) low in Russia.

In the Soviet era they actually cared about feeding the people (when they weren't killing them), so you saw that flow reverse.

Not that Soviet agriculture was perfect - it was infected with a good amount of pseudoscience and of course corruption - but the "famines" of the Stalin era were not the result of a lack of food - they were political.
You're right, my shit's all fucked up and I talk like a fag.

I hope you get the help you need.

Find me a citation from a legitimate source that proves that the war on drugs is going to kill more people than Stalin and maybe I'll decide that you're not a ranting lunatic.
Note: Calling an obviously intelligent person a "fucking retard" is a great, great way to convince people that you're right. Way to win me over, crazy person!
This from the person who started this thread with:

&gt; Jesus Christ you're stupid.
Find me a citation from a legitimate source _from the Soviet Union during Stalin's reign_ that he killed millions of his citizens.
I'm not trying to convince you of anything, though. You're nuts and not worth the bother.
So you can't find a link, huh?

Here's mine: [The Gulag Archipelago](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Gulag_Archipelago). 8-10 million people killed, up to 30 million imprisoned, and that's just the gulags... Stalin killed many more with his economic and agricultural policies. The book is based on eyewitness testimony and primary sources, so good luck dismissing it.
As evidenced by your continuing participation on the thread.

Stupid is as stupid does.
I just can't let someone so wrong get the last word. It's a [curse](http://xkcd.com/386/).
Not quite able to parse English, is this your problem?  I asked for a citation from a source available during Stalin's reign.  No doubt we have all kinds of information coming out after he's dead.

Do you understand the import?  You're asking for a citation to what you call "a reputable source" while the atrocity in question is still taking place.  You're not going to find one, because to you, "reputable source" is tantamount to "status quo", and nobody who represents the status quo is going to talk plainly about the war on drugs.

That being said:

[Here's a possible candidate.](http://www.projectcensored.org/top-stories/articles/22-us-government-repressed-marijuana-tumor-research/)

Start there, then review the mortality numbers put out by WHO.  You even have allegations that tobacco will claim [a billion deaths this century](http://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=86998).

Marijuana kills no one.  We're set to see tobacco claim a billion lives.  And look at what our drug policy is:  promote the use of tobacco, use violence to deter the use of marijuana.
You think that we'd know about all the millions of drug war dead except that critics (like you) are being silenced and disappeared? C'mon. You're just putting me on now, right? If not, well, then that's just very *convenient*, isn't it?

Tobacco killing 1 billion people is because tobacco is very dangerous and addictive, not because of drug policy.
Cancer kills about half a million Americans every year. Even if the marijuana research had panned out (and a very small percentage of preliminary research like that in 1974 results in an effective drug), and it worked 100% of the time against 100% of all cancers (which it wouldn't, not even close) it would have saved 15 million lives here in the States.

So, you're getting close, but still no cigar.
First off, when are we only concerned about Americans?  If we pursue a policy that sees, say, Italians being killed, that would be wrong too, would it not?

So it isn't a half million people per year we're talking about.  If America constitutes roughly 5% of the world's population, we can extrapolate and come up with the number of 10 millions deaths overall each year.  Every single year.

By no means should 1973 be the starting point here, but let's say that it is:  it means we're talking in the neighborhood of 300 million.  Of course that is assuming 100% effectiveness and cure rate.

We're also assuming though that your Stalin numbers are correct.  Not a lot of people jumping up to dispute that, are there.  You could have claim that the number was double, triple, or even ten times that number and you still wouldn't see a lot of people taking issue with it.

Nice pass on the tobacco angle by the way.  You acknowledge we export the stuff I hope.  No issue with our promoting its use via subsidy I take it.  We were selling this shit in vending machines up until not too long ago, you don't dispute that, do you?

Hmmm.
Yes, it is very dangerous and addictive.  And if people had a choice in which drugs they get to use then your argument would be a very good one:  these people died as a consequence of behavior controlled by their own free will.

But we don't have that situation today.  Safe and non-addictive recreational drugs like marijuana are banned under threat of violence, arrest, incarceration and even death.

So, if you are an individual predisposed to recreational drug use and you live under a regime that uses violence to see to it that you only use the most deadly and addictive recreational drugs out there, you want to give that policy a pass?  The people who enforce this policy, what, you want to call them innocent?
That's funny, I thought it was mosox who was arguing that and you were arguing the opposite point. I do agree that it was the Russians who stopped Germany, even though they didn't win it on better tactics, technology, etc. but by Germany's tactical errors to invade Russia.
To quote the internet:

Slavery gets shit done.
I think the soldiers might have had SOMETHING to do with it.

That and the T-34. All hail slanty armour!
Indeed. In fact, the reason you yanks invaded was to stop the russians more than it was to stop the nazi's.

Think about that, and the berlin wall.
And who encircled the Germans and cut off the food?

The smurfs?
The ones starving were workers in cities, as due to the ongoing industrial revolution (decades before Stalin) population numbers there rose quickly. Low wages, stressed supply lines and lack of any social safety nets -&gt; starving workers.

And even that wasn't common. Educated (as in,  could read and write) workers made good money in St.Petersburg by the turn of century, for example.

Peasants were doing alright, especially after Stolypin's contra-feudalism reforms. That's why bolsheviks found scarce support in rural areas (staunch eser country), and why farmers were considered a lower caste in early soviet society and severely punished with kolkhoz system essentially re-establishing serfdom.

Soviet agriculture wasn't 'not perfect', it was abysmal. Stalin not only willfully starved millions, but his vindictive restructuring of agriculture set the whole country on a slow path to starvation.
Not true. Russia represented half of the population of the Soviet Union, and was itself ruthlessly ruled by the Soviet bureaucracy. Said Soviet bureaucracy had little to do with Russia's interests. Stalin himself was a Georgian and he separated huge tracks of land away from Russia, which now comprises the Central Asian republics. Khrushchev after him gave Crymia as a gift to the Ukraine. Russia was badly mistreated in the Soviet Union. You have just been brainwashed by western media into equating the two
Exactly, my comrade. The Mongol and the Manchu dynasty both tried to govern China and both became all but Sinicized in the process. Confucianism and The Mandate of Heaven philosophy to which you are referring to precisely links the people and the government into a whole. Qualling dissent does not mean that the culture, government and religion are not tightly compressed into an entity

"the fusion of religion" is where the government has always been in control of religion and religion has always concerned itself with governance. Even if you consider Communism as a religion, it still holds
I think you have a few things wrong here... industrial workers were well-fed as they were the communist "base," along with the army and the intelligentsia.

St. Petersburg was an exception and had been ever since its founding by Peter the Great. It always enjoyed privileged status. I recall you even needed a permit to live there.

Bolshevik support in rural areas was spotty - some villages were so enthusiastic about the revolution they burned churches and threw out the priests. Others, you are right, were horrified at the "godless" Communists.

As for peasants "doing alright" I am skeptical. The feudal system was thawing somewhat at the time of the revolution, but, much like caste in current-day India, it continued to exist in practice even where it was banned by law. Russia is a huge country and provincial lords could and did ignore the writ of the central government - especially when rightist elements of that very government were actively encouraging them to do so. 

You must distinguish between the true landless peasant and the Kulak, who were de facto landowners allowed into full legal rights by Stolypin's reforms. The landless peasants gained no such rights.

I don't believe the Soviet Union was starving in Stalin's time. No way does a starving nation beat back the Wehrmacht. After the 50's, I will agree with you - decay set in, collective farm officials turned exceedingly corrupt (after fear of the gulag abated), "Animal Farm"-style fake statistics became the norm, strange schemes like seeding fields with radioactivity to make plants grow larger (this was actually attempted!), etc, and we both know the rest of the story.

Please don't take this as a defense of Communism - if anything the Soviet successes under Stalin only prove that Communism can "work" only as a brutal dictatorship. But brutal doesn't mean ineffective. People are afraid to admit that Stalin was an effective ruler for obvious reasons, but in may ways, despite his insane excesses, he was exactly that.
Well, my argument was strictly that they were up against terrible odds and a nearly insurmountable force.  I was able to agree with what you said and disregard the part about them not winning, because...well because they won.  I might have pointed out that saying russia lost is not just wrong, but a little schizophrenic.  Nobody here had said that.  I'm not sure anyone ever has.  I thought you were just saying it rhetorically (as in they lost a lot).  I'm sure there are more than a few eighty year old women from berlin who might give you a stern argument about who won and what that meant to them.
He ain't.  But Stalin's popularity would make as much sense.
I'm pretty sure it was the Russians.
&gt;between failure to forsee the consequences of one's actions, resulting in the suffering of others, and the deliberate action to cause the suffering of others.

Do you really think Bush didn't see the widespread destruction in Iraq the occupation would cause? That's really naive.

Seriously, Bush doesn't care about the Iraqis just as much as Stalin didn't. That the crimes of Stalin were far greater is something that is understandable, but Bush is no less caring for those who lost their lives for his imperialistic goals.

And as far as calling him "criminally stupid" goes, sure, it's funny when late night comedians make a joke or two about it, but there is no doubt that Bush is fully aware of the extent of his policies. That he chooses to ignore them, does not change that.
actually only several group of people in Russia don't blame and even respect this guy. They are communists and so-called nazi-communists.
Soviet Union existed in essentially same borders as Russian Empire before it. Population numbers are insignificant, as russians made up vast majority of commnunist party membership - the only people who counted. It was a russian-dominated, russian--run project (I bever had compulsory georgian languague classes at school). Minor nationalities in soviet bureaucracy was largely pokazukha, as the bureaucracies in non-russian territories consisted largely of russian migrants. Stalin added lands to Russia from other soviet republics as well as taking from it - that was just administrative reshuffling within the emipire.

Now, _today's_ Russia has not much common with the old empire apart from rhetoric,  nukes and general nuttery.

You rightflly claim that Russia was badly mistreated in the USSR. How come that it's only Russians among ex-soviet nationalities who wish for the old times back, Stockholm syndrome?

Oh, and not western media, I've read too many post-soviet russian historians;)
Wasn't Nazi Germany defeated in WWII due to Stalinist Russia's participation in the war? He was accepted by West as part of pact for peace until everyone started having their differences. Do note, Stalin was brutal leader, am just pointing out stuff you learn in history.
And nice way to entirely miss the point, you profoundly unintelligent fuckspanner.

Your turn!
Actually I think I nailed the point...


You liberals want to hand Bush on the "deaths" and an "illegal" war. 

Ok. 

You stated, in flagrant terms that the people who supported Bush = the people that supported Stalin. However, Stalin killed  around 2 Million people and was supported by his "citizens." Therefore the people who have supported Stalin were stupid, by your logic.

(Going to use simple logic here, please follow. I know you are slow...)


Ok.

Bush went to war with Iraq. You think the war is "illegal." You think that the American people are stupid for supporting Bush. Although Bush has not killed, nor supported the killing of anywhere near 2 million people. The facts stand that **NO ONE** is really sure how many have died. Bush has not detained Millions of Americans, in fact he has not detained hundreds of thousands. There are no gulags. There are no massacres in the streets. 

Therefore your statement that the American people are equal to those who supported Stalin is moot.

This leads your statement to become baseless. Thats how debates work.


For your sake, please go back to school.

Summary:
Stupid is as stupid does.
I was thinking the same about you.
Yes there would have been growth, or yes there would have been no growth?
Generals blame leaders, leaders blame generals.
I was thinking the same thing about you.
I see it for what it is.
It was because of him.
The Soviet Union, not Russia.
He killed more people than Hitler.
Russian people defeated the nazis.
He was not even a general!
You think that the American people are stupid for supporting Bush.
I would argue that it was Germany that one that battle against Russia.
It was a world power long before Stalin.
You both have a point.
Soviet Union won the war despite Stalin not because of him.
And how did he do that?
I don't believe the Soviet Union was starving in Stalin's time.
He just sent millions of people to die and get in the Nazis' way.
It was their fight, and they won it.
You state it like it's a good thing.
You think the war on drugs is worse than Stalin.
Stalin is not a popular guy in Russia but Putin really is.
You think the war is "illegal."
I think the soldiers might have had SOMETHING to do with it.
"Why is Bush still popular in the US?"
Germans and russians did in fact, both have to fight under those horrible, horrible conditions, and the russians prevailed under those conditions, and the germans did not.
And I include the Russian ones too (not those who wrote on Stalin's times, of course).
The wars in our streets.
And it reminds people that Russia was once a respected nation.
The MEANS are those that should be considered.
The facts stand that **NO ONE** is really sure how many have died.
I know you're speaking through years of cold war propaganda.
You're just putting me on now, right?
That's what your people have been good at for the last 100 years.
The nazis did have supply problems.
The Chinese government rapes its people, just like all governments do.
Tobacco use kills millions of people on this planet every year.
Stalin was a genius at people.
And even that wasn't common.
The Russian Empire was one of the wealthiest and most powerful nations in the world for centuries.
However, Stalin killed  around 2 Million people and was supported by his "citizens."
Do you know how many people this bastard killed?
Stalin didn't give a shit.
There I was thinking he was the least popular President in history.
I hope you get the help you need.
Because for all his atrocities he still turned Russia into a world superpower.
Your stupidity is literally killing us.
I don't believe in Zeus.
The WoD has not, and will never, kill 30 million people.
And, yes, slavery was one of the big reasons for the war.
How would you have suggested he defeat them in a... war?
What good does making your country a world power do for the average Soviet?
The two aren't even comparable.
The Russians were crushed by Germany, just look at the numbers.
I would call wanting to have the right to rape and torture and kill at will those you own as even very not nice.
Two wrongs make a right?
Reagan had his flaws, but I don't think he killed 2 million of his own people, and he was directly responsible for helping making the Russians back down.
Stalin killed off millions of Soviet citizens and sent other millions of innocent citizens to Gulags.
You're downmodded, but you're right.
Cancer kills about half a million Americans every year.
Also, you claim that Russia did not have steam ships before Stalin?
By raping his own people.
And another half million before that.
That front was the hard part of fighting the Nazis.
Why is reagan so popular?
Russian winter is what defeated the Nazis.
I might have pointed out that saying russia lost is not just wrong, but a little schizophrenic.
But Stalin's popularity would make as much sense.
Because Russians are all stupid commies.
You're right, my shit's all fucked up and I talk like a fag.
Why is Bush still popular in the US, despite the brutality of his regime?
I could go on and on but I think I've made my point.
That's the point I've been trying to make.
Stalin did "jackshit" in WWII as the leader of the Soviet Union in the fight against nazi germany.
Of course you can't say why because it is you who is really stupid.
Most people respect Russia *less* because they know that the Russians let themselves be led by a maniac like Stalin.
Also, if stalin killed all his enemies then is today's russian population made up of decendents of his supporters?
Stop and think about what you know about those battles.
Mistakes are made in wars.
Of course you can't get through it.
Therefore the people who have supported Stalin were stupid, by your logic.
Said Soviet bureaucracy had little to do with Russia's interests.
So it isn't a half million people per year we're talking about.
They like being strong and feared and in Stalin's time Russia WAS strong and feared.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.99
