Original Response:
I got a good laugh from a recent submission suggesting that those of us who speed or drive vehicles that don't get good gas mileage are somehow responsible for high gas prices.

Vehicle choice is up to an individual. If I choose to drive a sport-utility vehicle or sports car that gets poor mileage, then that is my business.

If I choose to exceed an artificially low speed limit in order to make more revenue so that I can still afford gas, that is also my business.

The fact of the matter is that the gas price has increased as the result of voters who have used their power of choice to elect officials who have refused to maximize our domestic output by drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, off the coasts of California and Florida, and on the western face of the Rocky Mountain range.

These same voters have chosen to elect officials who appoint judges who use the power of the bench to stop refinery construction at the behest of radical, anti-capitalist environmentalists.

The reason that the price of gas is so high has nothing to do with what people drive and everything to do with who people elect.

In 2006, the voters decided to give Democrats a chance to run Congress. After passing the largest tax increase in the history of the republic, these same Democrats have saddled us with the highest gas prices in history.

Despite this, these same Democrats have rammed through more and more biofuel mandates that not only use more than a gallon of fossil fuel for each gallon of ethanol created, but they take corn out of the food supply, resulting in higher prices not only at the pump but at the supermarket, as well.

Now we are poised to send a Democrat to the White House, whose kooky views on hoaxes such as global warming will create more alarmism, resulting in even more government mandates that further tax and limit fuel supply, which will result in prices going even higher.

The truth is that our going 10 miles per hour over the speed limit is not the cause of high gas prices.

Perhaps it's time for the ill-informed to wake up and realize that they may actually be the cause of our pain at the pump, which will only get worse if they don't get their facts straight before November.
[deleted]
i want to feed this troll with oil, sprayed out my arse after ingesting some alli
"Vehicle choice is up to an individual. If I choose to drive a sport-utility vehicle or sports car that gets poor mileage, then that is my business."

Yep. It is your business. Enjoy the $5 cost of gas.

I just bought the wife a new Civic (about 28 miles to the gallon average). We looked at hybrids, but the cost was still too high...I may regret that with the cost of gas still going up.

This isn't a voting thing, this is a personal choice thing. If, as individuals, we continue to drive gas guzzling beasts, the demand will be high and in the long run the cost will be also.

We can drill, and it may bring temporary relief, but it won't solve the problem.

By all means, buy what you want, but don't come complaining to me about politics when gas is $5+.
You may be a neocon.

You're also wrong. 

I wonder if there is a correlation?

Extreme US usage in transportation, bought about by those in low gas mileage SUVs is very much why you are seeing high prices now, rather than 2-3 years down the line.

Supply and demand and the price rises to bring them back into equilibrium in a supply plateaued world shouldn't be that complex, especially for a free market neocon. 

We do agree on one thing though. Elect the wrong person in November and it could get much worse, both in global warming and in the  necessary reaction to peak oil. Different colour of wrong mind.
Does the term "GCC" mean anything to you other than the GNU C compiler?
Actually yes, it is a common compiler for Unix and Linux. But something tells me it means something else too. Please fill me in; I am open to discussions.
If you don't like the price, don't buy it.
[deleted]
gotta love that "free market"
I thought it was just the price of the dollar falling.. but it's not. The price of oil itself is dramatically rising.

in euros:
http://www.thesharpener.net/images/oil.gif
Too bad it has nothing to do with the Oil supply, as according to OPEC nothing has changed.

They are right when they say the speculators are the cause of the rising barrel.
&gt;Too bad it has nothing to do with the Oil supply, as according to OPEC nothing has changed.

It has to do with oil demand, as in China demand has changed.

&gt;They are right when they say the speculators are the cause of the rising barrel.

They are wrong when they say the speculators have anything to do with it.
Wow. Your comment is [fractally wrong](http://www.cs.washington.edu/homes/klee/misc/lexicon.html?#fractal_wrongness).
The speculators have maybe added $10/barrel to the cost, but the underlying cause is surging global demand against tight supply, which appears maxed out at around 85 million bpd.
Has China's demand gone up so much in the last 4 months?
the value of the dollar has "only" dropped 40%,  if it was just a dollar problem then oil would be at $50 a barrel (up from the original $30 that we all knew and loved)

if it's a supply problem like some are suggesting then that would mean more than half of the world's oil has disappeared, but it hasn't 

the problem here is massive speculation. trillions of dollars are being shifted around by investment banks that are betting on oil prices just as though the market was a casino.

why do you think Morgan Stanley has a fleet of oil tankers?
Don't you mean the US dollar has fallen to 1/135 a barrel of oil...?
Global demand has.

It doesn't take much when demand is inelastic.
China are increasing their stockpile of diesel, possibly to ensure no outages at The Games but probably mostly for strategic reasons.
do we have to have dollar-by-dollar updates?
You dumbass motherfuckers who are ignorant to the truth.  Learn that damn facts!!!  This is not a supply problem.

Britain's Daily Telegraph on Apr. 24 as saying: "[Oil supply] is outpacing demand growth." Waldron added, "Inventories have been building since the beginning of the year. The Saudi Khursaniya field has just opened, with 500,000 barrels a day of production, and the new Khurais field will start next year with a further 1.2 million b/d [barrels a day]."
Waldron's assertion rang true. In the U.S. alone, stockpiles of oil climbed by 11.9 million barrels in the month preceding the Energy Information Agency's (EIA) May 7 inventory report; they were up by nearly 33 million barrels since Jan. 1. At the same time, MasterCard's (MA) May 7 gasoline report showed that gas demand has fallen by 5.8%, while the government suggested that gasoline consumption might have fallen by slightly over 6%.

Only the day before, the EIA had released its monthly Short Term Energy Outlook report, concluding that U.S. oil demand is expected to decline by 190,000 b/d in 2008. Chinese consumption is expected to rise this year by only 400,000 b/d—hardly the "surging oil demand" usually blamed on China in the media. Last year China imported 3.2 million barrels per day, and its estimated usage was around 7 million b/d total. The U.S., by contrast, consumes around 20.7 million b/d.
Not an option when you're living in a society designed around the assumption that everyone uses cars.
Eponysterical!
Living in that type of society is your decision. If you really cared, you could move to a house in a small village where everything is within cycling distance and there are no busy roads.
&gt; if it's a supply problem like some are suggesting then that would mean more than half of the world's oil has disappeared, but it hasn't

Well, the price/supply/demand ratio isn't quite that simple, but basically yes.  Nothing is fundamentally different from the beginning of the year when it was $70/bbl.  There is definitely a bubble involved here.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You realize oil is among the most tightly regulated of markets, right?
I love it when people say no they can't. I think it is funny. What they are really saying is they like not working.

I quit my gig in IT and spend most of my time just making sure bugs aren't eating the garden, the pigs aren't sick, the chickens aren't getting eaten by predators, the rabbits are content ... Do I feel superior or something? Nope. Just tired.

Tired, and really honestly happy for the first time in my life. This is probably a little what it was like long ago. Instead of going to the store, I walk over with my kid, pull a couple weeds, some sqaush, a lettuce head and some beans. That was last night anyway. That and some rabbit stew with potatoes. I recommend the stacked tire method for potatoes. over 40 lbs per stack of three tires here in FL for me.
Hide. Try clicking it. It's useful.
And pretty soon oil companies will be reporting new record profits...
It's possible that GCC in this instance would refer to the Gulf Council Cooperative. The smaller subset of states in the Middle East/OPEC that are, by some accounts, about to drop the bomb they are moving off a dollar peg for exports and sales, moving to a basket of currencies.

Not sure what that has to do with what you said directly, but yeah, it would be bad news for us. Western values of us anyway.
Yeah, it's them "speculators", "OPEC politics", "Exxon gouging", "weak dollar", "lack of refineries", "federal gas tax" and everything else under the sun as long as we don't have to face the reality. 

"It's not peak oil! La, la, la, la! I can't hear you! La, la, la, la, la!"
How do they know that crude oil is sweet?. Who's the crude oil taster?
&gt;move to a house in a small village where everything is within cycling distance

I haven't seen a village like that on this side of the Atlantic.
That's great, I am happy for you. 

But again that life is not an option for everyone.  For some, it would take far too many sacrifices to acheive a lifesyle like that.  
The way you talk about your son makes me think you have a young family.  What if you had two teenage daughters who liked living in the city, and would rather die than be dragged to the country-side.  Would you force them to move?
LOL sorry; i'm wondering if you're a coworker of mine who bought a Honda Civic, told me "28 miles per gallon" and also said "hybrids are still too expensive".
My guess is that war is coming and somebody knows so they are stockpiling oil.  Long range bombers use lots of fuel.
IEA is revising their world reserves downwards. Expect this to be a bombshell when the report is published:

http://online.wsj.com/article/SB121139527250011387.html
I don't think they would "rather die". They would probably throw a few tantrums alright but it would pass after a few weeks.
[deleted]
*Global oil product demand has been lowered for both 2007 and 2008, to 85.8 mb/d and 86.8 mb/d respectively. Slower economic growth, high prices and 2006 baseline adjustments suggest that OECD oil demand will contract for the third successive year in 2008. Non-OECD demand growth in 2008, led by China and the Middle East, remains strong at 3.7% or 1.4 mb/d, leaving growth for the world as a whole at 1.2% (+1.0 mb/d).*

Source: http://omrpublic.iea.org/

So if oil more than doubles in price while global demand only inches up 1.2% that must mean theres another factor at work here. 

Looking at [this chart](http://www.spiegel.de/img/0,1020,1110230,00.jpg), it's plain to see a very strong correlation to the volume of futures contracts traded to the price of oil. Trading volume has tripled in the past 5 years, while demand has only increased an average of 1.9% each year.

Saying "IT'S ALL CHINA'S FAULT!" with nothing to back your argument isn't very convincing.
It's production and distribution is, the sale of it's futures is not. The free market is speculating on it and driving up prices out of line with the actual reality.
[deleted]
Clarification: Demand is up 1.2% *while* the price doubles.

That's all there is to it.
No, that's not all there is to it. If increase in demand has been running 1.9% yearly, then one would expect to have seen the price more than double each year. Since that hasn't happened until recently, you have to look at other factors.
I do have a young family. Maybe I am old fashioned, or a product of moving no less than 10 times around like a half dozen states myself, but the short answer would be yes, if I felt it was best/necessary.

The long answer is I can not see how it isn't better. Granted, the nightclubs are quiet, the stores are only open until 8pm, and the public transportation is gone. What are you really giving up though? It was probably the same things I did moving from Fairfield county CT to rural north central FL. 

Those things you give up, do they make life *better*, or more convenient? By no means am I preaching. I know it sounds like it. Just trying to get my frame of mind out there. There is a chance I tire of this, probably when I am old and can't do the work anymore. I'm also not a back to the land organic hippie for lack of better terms, or what you would expect hearing this.

You know what happened to be honest? It wasn't a grand plan or anything. We got here and I got a job but started to realize as I built up a "hobby farm" that I didn't even need to work. What was I even doing? Buying gas, lunch and spending 10 hours a day there counting lunch and travel. I can make the same money, or goods that the money bought rather, by simply staying home and working hard for 3 hours a day. I sell enough to get some cash too. This is pretty gross, but I make a couple hundred a month off the animal shit alone. Since I have 15-20 hens depending on flock health, I sell a couple dozen eggs a day for about 5-7 bucks a day too, among other things. The family (young like you said), ended up really liking how things were working out and now we probably spend at least 8-10 hours a day as a family everyday. Not just on Sunday. I can't see how that isn't the best possible thing for children no matter their age.

I do know it isn't "normal". Having lived in the NE and commuted to NYC and lived in places like Palm Beach County near the cities of south FL, I can honestly say I spent years doing the normal thing, and this seems to be working out far better. It's only been 3 years though.
They mean the profits are sweet with light crude. The profit aspect is allowed in the commodity name itself in our ultra-capitalist society.
The "free market" works fine. AGS has [posted history](http://www.agiweb.org/workforce/Currents-007-OilByCurrency.pdf)(PDF) of oil prices compared to fiat currencies, as well as oil compared to another supply/demand commodity.

Oil isn't getting more expensive, the inflation of the currency is just becoming more noticeable.
In [Gold](http://www.agiweb.org/workforce/Currents-007-OilByCurrency.pdf)(pdf)

Just because Euros are inflating also doesn't mean the value isn't falling
Where does this fit on the [hierarchy of disagreements](http://blog.createdebate.com/2008/04/07/how-to-write-strong-arguments/)?
On my screen, that solution wrapped to two lines! So maybe he has a point?
It is the best kind of news - long term. Short term pain yes, but only consistently high oil prices will TIP the economy towards widespread use of alternative energy which will then become mainstream. This may actually have a derived benefit of easing greenhouse emissions, and long-term, sustainable stability of rising energy use with zero-footprint emissions.

*Thank god for the free market*
&gt;if it's a supply problem like some are suggesting then that would mean more than half of the world's oil has disappeared, but it hasn't

It's actually a demand problem.  China and India's economies have taken off.  Remember, we're talking the two largest populations in the world, each over a billion people.   If supply is constant and demand rises, then prie rises.
Nothing is fundamentally different???  Dude, more than half of Nigeria's oil is offline due to violence and there is little confidence it's coming back soon.  Russia's production has declined for the first time in 10 years - this became known around March/April.  Furthermore, more and more people are starting to recognize a problem, not just with oil production, but with net exports, as producing countries are using up more and more of the oil they produce every year.  Some predict Mexico, while still producing some oil, will not be *exporting* any of it by 2012.  Ditto Russia by 2020.

Fundamentals are changing a lot, and people are just starting to wake up to these facts.
Much in the same way silver, baseball cards and stamps on ebay are only worth what people will pay ... oil is as well.

Speculators can absolutely drive the price up over the very short term. Much in the same way, oil suppliers with any oil to sell will happily dump that oil into the speculators hands as quickly as they will snap it up, driving the price rapidly down.

If this is indeed purely speculator driven, we will know very soon, and be none the worse for wear. Prices will plummet, as the supply catches up with demand. if it does not plummet, there is only one reason for that. Supply is not able to keep up with demand. If that is true, and I hope it is not, the days of $100 a barrel oil are gone forever.
Do you have any real proof currencies are falling that much in value?  I mean, gold is a nearly pure speculative play - it is never consumed and is useful for nearly nothing.  In 1980, it sold for $800/oz.  Surely you're not telling me the dollar has depreciated only 16% in the last 28 years?

And if you use oil to "prove" currencies are falling in value, well then your argument is circular wrt crude oil prices.  Show me a basket of goods that shows the dollar has lost half it's value in a year.
I drink your milkshake?
Traditionally, Gold has been a good store of value. Since it IS purely speculative, it doesn't tend to change in what it can purchase.

I agree that there's an oil bubble going on right now, and would also like to see a graph of other consumer goods vs gold.

But you *must* have a basis of value for your comparisons, and, historically, Gold has proven itself as this basis. Not to say that you won't have a few months where gold spikes or dips, but over a reasonable amount of time I would expect it to exhibit the flat line seen in the graph I posted compared to any supply/demand commodity.

EDIT: *balanced* supply/demand commodity
Also, why is comparing gold to crude oil circular?

EDIT: Don't just downmod, jeez... It's a serious question I'd like an answer to.
the price has gone up from $27 to $135, that's 5 times in less than a decade

the China/India boom can't account for that much increase in price
Upmodded.

But:

Given a commodity with relatively inelastic demand, and a steady growth in demand, you will see a drastic increase in the rate of price increases when the demand approaches the physical production capacity.
Without a doubt, the market will correct, but how long until that correction remains to be seen.

Housing prices increased for several years at an exponential rate that dwarfed the historic rate. They are now returning to the average but not without a steep toll, partially by those who brought it on themselves, but also on many who didn't.

Oil could continue at this pace for a long time, and if that's the case it could have effects on the economy that would still be felt years after the decline. businesses could be shuttered if energy costs make profits unattainable, jobs will be lost, tax payer costs will soar.
This is just adding fuel to the fire.
FUCK
I think the dollar falling has (at least partly) caused the price of oil to rise against other currencies as well though.

When fiat money seems a little shaky, investors run to other more tangible things to protect their wealth. First it was real estate. Since that bubble has burst, the massive flood of capital has moved to commodities.
I didn't say that, I said gold is a bad measure.  That leaves only oil and food prices as "proof" of currency devaluation.  Using oil as proof would be circular, as it is the price of oil that we're talking about.  You didn't mention food, so I won't either (whoops), but we can [talk about it] if you want.

PS, I don't downmod people I respond to.
"Sweet" is industry lingo for low sulfur content.
&gt;I agree that there's an oil bubble going on right now, and would also like to see a graph of other consumer goods vs gold.

I don't agree with that.  The price is being driven by supply constraints and inelastic demand.


&gt;Traditionally, Gold has been a good store of value.

Maybe, but not in times of fear and uncertainty.  Gold way overshot inflation in the 70's, and there's good reason to think it's doing the same now.  In fact, analysts I tend to agree with say gold is responding now to deflationary pressures rather than inflationary.  So, there you go - commodity price boom in the face of deflation and credit contraction.
Things I'd be interested in seeing that I haven't seen yet:

* Price of corn in gold compared to price of corn in dollars compared to crop yield/acre.
* Localized price of housing in gold compared to price of housing in dollars compared to local population growth (both land and improvement&lt;housing&gt; costs)
* Price of salt in gold compared to price of salt in dollars compared to per capita salt consumption
* Price of some key import (sugar maybe?) with the same type of comparison

If only I was an economist instead of an engineer &gt;.&lt;
Hmmm, no interest in growth of demand for corn?  Inventory levels of grains?  Oil production statistics from countries around the world?
Unfortunately, in order to *get* to that small village, you need .. gas
Since oil is increasing every day, does that mean there is going to be a front page story about it every day? 

And if a tree falls in the woods, and no one is there to hear it, does it make a sound?
Unfortunately, no, but it looks like I will be schooled on the subject.
Go flip him off. If it is me, I will laugh. If not...
Draw a picture of a highly inelastic demand curve crossing an inelastic supply curve.  Now move the demand curve a little bit to the right. . . .
You have the energy needs of 3 billion people in those two countries that are rapidly developing.  This is the price we pay.

Consider for a second if every nation consumed energy per capita at the rate the US consumed energy how fucked this world would really be.
[deleted]
Contradiction with a pinch of name-calling?

You appear to be responding to tone :)
&gt; It doesn't take much when demand is inelastic.

And supply too.
In regards to Russia, if they peak this year (which looks possible), then they are likely to stop exporting by 2015, if the ELM holds.  Their economy is doing well with the influx of cash, and standards of living are rising there.

So it is possible, in my view.
Wasn't it 127 just LAST WEEK?

Holy fucking christ.
it's still cheaper than bottled water
There is a bit of froth in the price from speculation involved, yes. There is a bit from a weakened dollar as well.

However, the fundamentals are: world supply is stuck at 85 million barrels per day, has been for three years. World demand has grown over that time, obviously...and it's grown to the point where it is outstripping supply.

So, there is a supply and demand story here...there is little supply coming online anytime soon--but demand will keep growing from abroad.

Demand will be destroyed at some point, but I have no idea if we're even close to that number yet. $4.50 a gallon? $5?

I hope you'll check out The Oil Drum to learn more about peak oil.  http://theoildrum.com
I don't drink a gallon of water to get to work everyday.
w00t!!! on track for 2012 baby!
IF fundamentals were moving oil world prices, not just US prices would be sky rocketing. This is not the case. The devaluation of the USD is what’s causing the increase. If you must point fingers look to the FED for a scapegoat.

If you need further proof go check out a light sweet crude chart compared to a USD chart...
Indeed, it seems to me more likely that Russia successfully decouples from the US than China - and they can supply their own oil to boot.  Russia's position in the world will only grow stronger in the coming years.
You are correct sir. 

Look to the FED for the explination.
My grandparents used to use their feet to get from the city to the village they spent their weekends. They even liked it! Go figure...
I hear this all the fucking time.  It's wrong.  Go to walmart, 1 gallon of drinking water is 66 cents.  I think water is cheaper.  Even at grocery stores its 1.89$.
I'm guessing those Mayans were right.
why the fuck is reddit turning into a glorified oil price ticker?  jesus christ, guys.
Today, people can't *walk* to the local grocery store. I think we just found the cause of the current obesity "epidemic" ;-)
Think about it, a bunch of Indians three millennia ago correctly predicted the a year, when peak oil, nuclear weapons or a technological singularity threaten to destroy the world. The world has never before been in such danger of destruction. It is extremely unlikely that this is a random coincidence.

Summary:
La, la, la, la, la!"
I don't agree with that.
It has to do with oil demand, as in China demand has changed.
The price of oil itself is dramatically rising.
If it is me, I will laugh.
What was I even doing?
I hear this all the fucking time.
If you don't like the price, don't buy it.
This is not a supply problem.
I know it sounds like it.
I thought it was just the price of the dollar falling.. but it's not.
I don't think they would "rather die".
I love it when people say no they can't.
Also, why is comparing gold to crude oil circular?
I agree that there's an oil bubble going on right now, and would also like to see a graph of other consumer goods vs gold.
The long answer is I can not see how it isn't better.
They are right when they say the speculators are the cause of the rising barrel.
What they are really saying is they like not working.
I think the dollar falling has (at least partly) caused the price of oil to rise against other currencies as well though.
It's only been 3 years though.
It doesn't take much when demand is inelastic.
The price is being driven by supply constraints and inelastic demand.
That's all there is to it.
This is the price we pay.
I do know it isn't "normal".
Prices will plummet, as the supply catches up with demand.
The free market is speculating on it and driving up prices out of line with the actual reality.
Don't you mean the US dollar has fallen to 1/135 a barrel of oil...?
I think water is cheaper.
24 as saying: "[Oil supply] is outpacing demand growth."
I do have a young family.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.23
