Original Response:
If you want to know the inside story of the polygamous cult lead by Warren Jeffs (who live at the YFZ Ranch in TX and in Colorado City, AZ.), check out the recent documentary BANKING ON HEAVEN. http://www.bankingonheaven.com
I can has wives?
[deleted]
The US government should not get 1 penny to any religion.  Nor should they get tax breaks.
The sect has prospered right under the nose of Uncle Sam and all the clumps of fingerpointing  moralists now preaching to us from CNN and other networks. It's bizarre. A country obsessed with child abuse - it's been at hysteria levels in the US for years - has been complicit in the sect's longevity. And yeah, follow the money. With that number of dependents, welfare fraud has to be in there.
I wonder why I have never seen them referred to as a Mormon sect or as Mormons. Honest question.

Are they not Mormon for a reason I don't know? Is the FLDS not Mormon, but LDS is Mormon? Or is it just a politically correct article title thing?
the official Mormon church turned against polygamy years ago because the US Government was getting on their case

the FLDS insist that they are the *real* Mormon church, because they still practice polygamy, but the majority of Mormons will have nothing to do with them.

On the other hand, I've heard (from ex-Mormon sites) that even mainstream Mormons believe polygamy will be practiced in the afterlife.
I can't believe the local sheriff allowed those perverts to abuse young girls for 4 years before acting.

"We are aware that this group is capable of (sexually abusing young girls)," Doran said. "But there again, this is the United States. We are going to respect them. We're not going to violate their civil rights until we get an outcry."
The US government shouldn't get one penny.
What about the Jewish dual citizen Israeli sect who gets billions of dollars funded to it each year by US taxpayers.
And in the wider scheme of things, the FLDS really is the intellectual successor to Joseph Smith. Polygamy was a rather large part of his doctrine, and I don't see how government regulation surpasses "divine" mandate.
The leaders get millions in welfare as well. Since only one wife is considered the legal wife, the other "spiritual wives" are considered single mothers. They and all their children garner hundreds of thousands of dollars in welfare from Arizona and Utah, but of course the money goes to the husband, not the kids, and he has to give a good portion to the church. It's total bullshit, but hard to address since Colorado City is north of the Grand Canyon, it takes an extra 4-6 hours to go around the canyon to get up there (forget an airport). Seclusion and rural areas mean it's harder for authorities to check on things.
Shit, you know what we need to do?  We need to surround their compound with tanks (fuck cop cars, get some motherfuckin' tanks).  Then, we'll have a standoff for like a fuckin' month.  All the while we'll talk about how evil these people are, and what terrible things they do to women and children.  I mean, we'll get family members on every channel talking about how they eat babies or some shit.  Then, once nobody cares whether they live or die, we'll burn down their fucking compound (making sure to kill everyone inside).  And get this, this is the best part, we'll say *they* burned down their own compound.  Crazy fucks like that commit suicide all the time.  People are dumb enough to believe it.

And by the time word gets out that they really never did anything wrong, nobody will give a rat's ass.

Now, how do we go about getting a tank?
Nor should the US government get tax breaks.
&gt; Is the FLDS not Mormon, but LDS is Mormon? Or is it just a politically correct article title thing?

If the FLDS are not Mormon, then Protestants are not Christian, because they are not in communion with the Catholic Church.  

In fact, I'd argue that the FLDS practice the "purest" form of Mormonism, if there is such a thing, since they practice the same religion as Joseph Smith Jr, complete with racism and polygamy.  The fouder of Mormonism had many wives including 14 year old girls, and claimed that God had revealed the 100% true church to him.  If you believe that, then it follows that the FLDS are the true church, since they follow the original doctrines revealed by God to Joseph Smith Jr.  The mainstream LDS Church has corrupted/reformed these doctrines due to political pressure, and thus are no longer the 100% true church.
So, could, for example, an organized cannabis-dealing group start a church, say the holy order of the burning bush, and recieve tax exempt status and government grants?

Hypothetic question, of course.
w...t...f
&gt;The sect has prospered right under the nose of Uncle Sam

The FBI has given lip service to investigating this group for a very long time -- I've actually followed it -- but their inability to use this connection is beyond even their usual level of incompetence. They have an organizational culture of never talking to other agencies -- there's a very good case to be made that this was one of the root causes of the Waco shootout, for example. This time, it really should be cause for deep investigation OF the FBI.

One other point: note that this story is -- again -- the work of McClatchy newspapers, one of the few remaining sources of serious enterprise investigative reporting. When you see something this good, always praise the source!
leave them alone, you anti-semite!!! yes, that's what you really are, an anti-semite!!!
the oh so christian USA...
The government doesn't pay taxes, private citizens and businesses do.
[deleted]
so whats so wrong with polygamy? Anyone?
Ever heard of Waco?
Nothing, this is Waco done over again. They didn't abuse their children, it's just what the FBI is saying... read up about Waco.

They said the same things, which were all proven wrong later, once all the leaders were dead.

When you try to live your life secluded from society and the reaches of the US Gov't.. they come after you.
All religions either adapt to suit their environment, or wither and die. That doesn't make the originals more true than the varieties. They're all bullshit regardless.

Summary:
Nor should the US government get tax breaks.
The US government shouldn't get one penny.
The US government should not get 1 penny to any religion.
The leaders get millions in welfare as well.
Nor should they get tax breaks.
Is the FLDS not Mormon, but LDS is Mormon?
And get this, this is the best part, we'll say *they* burned down their own compound.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
