Original Response:
Journalist Sam Bahour writes:

'Dear friends,

ACT NOW:   Flood the Israeli Ministry of Interior with faxes, emails, calls.  DEMAND THAT DR. FINKELSTEIN BE PERMITTED TO ENTER ISRAEL IN ORDER TO REACH THE OCCUPIED PALESTINIAN TERRITORY!

Minister of Interior Mr. Meir SHEETRIT
Israeli Ministry of the Interior 
2 Kaplan St., Qiryat Ben-Gurion 
P.O. Box 6158, 91061 Jerusalem  
Tel.  +972-2-670-1411 / +972-2-629-4722 
Fax: +972-2-670-1628 

or

Mr. Meir SHEETRIT's numbers at the Knesset 
Telephone 1:     +972-2-640-8410
Telephone 2:      +972-2- 640-8409
Fax:      +972-2- 640-8920
Email: mshitrit@knesset.gov.il

It is now Friday night and the Ministry will be closed through Saturday for the Jewish Sabbath. Thus, if you are in the US please call your congressman and senator NOW and advise them a Jewish American U.S. citizen is being denied access to Israel!!

Also, CALL the STATE DEPT's Hotline for American Travelers: 202-647-5225 and let them know this is happening and is in violation of international law. 

If you are an Israeli, please start working the phones...this denial of entry is all being done in your name!!

The only 'democracy' in the Middle East strikes again,
Sam'
Democracy at work!
Can somebody with a good knowledge of Israeli law jump in here?  Presumably, being Jewish makes it easier to enter the country, but what are the details on that?  Can any Jewish person show up at the border and expect to be let in?  Could Finkelstein appeal on the basis of "I'm a Jew, you have to let me in"?
Oddly the Star of David sign, ✡, recently adopted as a sign for the religion of Judaism, appears more than 4000 years ago In Vedic religious iconography as the fourth,  middle,  or heart chakra. It is often found on the Buddhas feet and this may have been one of the reasons such relics were destroyed in Afghanistan.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chakra

http://www.shalagram.ru/knowledge/mysticcosmos/figures/44.gif
[deleted]
Reddit's obsession with Israel is sad. Some random self-hating Jew is denied entry to Israel and this makes headlines on Reddit as yet more proof of... Reddit's obsession with Israel.
Pathetic.
[deleted]
That's like saying a former cult member of Scientology is a self hating scientoligist for criticizing its crimes.
I don't really want to get into the politics of it.  What are the actual laws at play here?  Certainly Finkelstein must be able to cite some law that he argues should allow him entry into Israel, and there must also be some law (however loosely interpreted) that the government cites in denying him entry.
I think a pretty good indication of a self hating Jew is a Jew who travels to Israel over 20 times enroute to the territories and doesn't know anything about Israel proper because he's never so much as stopped there for a cup of coffee.
Dr. Finkelstein should apply for Polish citizenship, that of his parents.
I love how free and open speech is fine, as long as you dont say anything negative.
[deleted]
[deleted]
"democracy" in the middle east - our "ally".
you are an american, and view the world as a logical place governed by laws.

i thought that the reign of bush and the torture and jailing of people without warrants nor any due process would have cured you of your DELUSIONS.

sigh.

here goes.

ALL the countries in the world, INCLUDING the USA, are NOT governed by laws but the government can do anything and claim a "security need".
Well, no, I did some reading about him, actually. He's professed to having "... very little direct experience of Israel, although he has visited the occupied territories more than 20 times."
Here is the full article. It's a long one - not a sound bite like the original blog entry. It seems to be supportive of him overall and the website can't be accused of being too pro Israel.

http://www.rense.com/general38/fnkle.htm
hey, you, a coward (apt nick there, bud).

"Reddit's obsession with Israel is sad. Some random self-hating Jew is denied entry to Israel and this makes headlines on Reddit as yet more proof of... Reddit's obsession with Israel. Pathetic."

You sir are a waste of skin, a human garbage if you will.

Mr. Finkelstein is one of the better academics and scholars out there.

You, on the other hand, are just a random idiot on the internet.
Considering some of his commentary I've seen, he lucky they didn't blow him away and claim he was a closet Palestinian.You should give his interviews etc. on Youtube a listen, very insightful.
Wow.  What a digg-worthy retort.
This thread isn't panning out like I'd hoped.  (Predicted response: "Welcome to reddit.")
shorter AG post - there is NO LAW in Israel which justifies this action.

don't be dense.
Well, no. A scientologist needs to be a member of the church to be called one.
A Jew doesn't have to be an Israeli to be Jewish. Nor does the definition of self hating Jew revolve around his attitude to Israel (good examples are anti-zionist ultra-orthodox Jews). 
Your analogy is interesting in that it sheds some light on what you may be thinking in your head: Scientologist=Jew, Church=Israel in a sense that all Jews worship at the housr of Israel?!
I'm going to try this again, and anyone else who wants to jump in is more than welcome to do so.

Take the whole "enemy combatant" loophole that the Bush administration has created.  Many people, myself included, would call it illegal.  In response, Bush doesn't say, "There's no law that justifies this, but I'm doing it anyway."  He cites his constitutional powers, as commander-in-chief, to wage war, and says that's the relevant law.

Similarly, in Israel, Jews are allowed to enter the country, except in cases like this, where law x is cited (erroneously or not) to deny them entry.  What, specifically, is law x?  Any Israeli immigration lawyers lurking here?
Swastika in its both forms, 卐 and 卍, is also old religious symbol in Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism. About any simple symmetric and geometric shape is used as symbol in some religion or group.
Which you mentioned because they're both on the Buddhas feet, yes? Interesting point about symmetry, Thanks.
A very good point, and one that Ahmadinejad got no end of grief for making.
[deleted]
IANAL.
It has nothing to do with his Jewishness as he's obviously not trying to immigrate. The connection you are trying to make with regards to his Jewishness and entering Israel probably originates in what you've heard called the "Law of Return". This however only applies to immigration.
For the purposes of his entry he's a foreign national who is trying to enter.
Israel, like every other country on the planet, reserves the right to deny entry to whomever they please for whatever reason they please. This is not unusual.
Israel - a democratic nation?

No, more like an apartheid, ethnocratic nation.

Fuck Israel. It invites destruction when Iran-Syria is messed with.
"Giving others the freedom to be stupid is one of the most important and hardest steps to take in spiritual progress.  Convieniently the opportunity to take that step is all around us every day"

- Thaddeu Golas (whoever he is...)
im an israeli, and this guy can go fuck himself. nor will i call my senator feinstein. 

if he wants to reach the 'occupied territories', let him go through lebanon, jordan, or egypt. where they will rip him apart, because he is an american, and a jew. (he might get through jordan without a problem though.)


i dont care who you are, dont take sides against the family. ever.
Being a Jew is irrelevant - this is important if you are trying to apply for Israeli citizenship, not just enter the country.  That said, there are definitely laws that will allow them to place restrictions on entry visas, just like anywhere else. It could be something as simple as Finkelstein making a trip to a country that is (on paper) engaged in hostilities with Israel.

Those of you who are going to preach to me like you started preaching to kareems: don't bother, I don't give a shit.
Yes, Don Corleonestein.
oooooh, the CRIME family.

whatever.

if you're an american, you can apply that notion to yourself as well. at least the world thinks you should.
The *crime* family.
I can explain.  When you turn against your own people, you are "karet" which essentially means "cut off" in Hebrew.  It means that person is no longer considered Jewish, because they have shown themselves to be an enemy to the Jews.  So the law of return would not apply to Mr. Finkelstein.
i love how free and open speech is fine, as long as you don't say anything negative against israel.
"i dont care who you are, dont take sides against the family. ever."
Fair enough, enjoy your rocket shelters. remember the hamas motto "if it doesn't kill 30 infidels the next one is free." you would think a country full of the jewish elite would have found a solution to this by now.
i love how free and open speach is fine, as long as you don't say anything negative against  right wing Israelis.
so surprised? why? [jews hate free speech](http://blogs.usatoday.com/ondeadline/2007/09/jewish-groups-e.html).
whats with the 'democracy' notion? guys, seriously. stop reacting for a second and think. he's not returning to israel. why would he want to? he hates it. the right of return is irrelevant.

and if he is criticizing that country, why is it such a big surprise that they dont want to let him in? would this be a huge issue, if the UK wouldnt let him in? 

additionally, someone with a dr prefix to their name has to understand that if you dedicate your life to criticism of an entity, that entity is not going to be very fond of you.

and i say, that he knew exactly what he was doing when he'd bought the ticket.
i see - you fixed me. thanks.
&gt; im an israeli, and this guy can go fuck himself. nor will i call my senator feinstein.

I thought Dianne Feinstein represents the people of California.
Yep. Norman Finkelstein: another "self-hating" Jew.

http://www.masada2000.org/shit-list.html

You know, I think some industrious person (Jewish or non-Jewish) should find all of these decent Jewish people demonized on this website, organize them, creating an organization dedicated to "outting" the neocons, exposing their murderous agenda, and, once and for all, expose how the neocons have used the "anti-semitic" ad hominem attacks to silence those who have criticized their rapacious agenda.

If 20 to 30-odd individuals, neocons and predominately Jewish, can dominate and drive U.S. foreign policy, why can't several hundred "self-hating" Jews set a new agenda for peace and justice. After all, the Jews were chosen to set the world free.

And maybe we might get a new 911 investigation along the way.
&gt; if he wants to reach the 'occupied territories', let him go through lebanon, jordan, or egypt. where they will rip him apart, because he is an american, and a jew. (he might get through jordan without a problem though.)

Did you know that Norman Finkelstein lived in the Palestinian Arab city of Beit Sahour (near Bethlehem) for quite some time?  What you are claiming simply isn't true.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Goin' to the country, gonna get a lot of speaches...
[deleted]
Europe puts you in jail for sympathizing/and or espousing Nazi rhetoric.

Every country has a line they don't like drawn. 

Being deported or banned from a country isn't the worse thing that can happen in most parts of the world. 

So get off Israel's back for deporting a guy who doesn't believe Israel should even exist, and writes venomously in that regards.
I love how free and open speech is fine, as long as you don't say anything negative against right wing Israelis.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I've seriously got to start learning the names of these fallacies.

It would be so much more convenient to just use one word replies rather than trying to explain things.
Israel is not obligated to let any foreign national in to the country, regardless of their religion. His Jewishness is not relevant as he is not trying to immigrate.
Any country can reject any foreign national for any reason or no reason at all. This happens every day all over the world. Reddit caught on to this particular case because Israel is involved.
Look in the mirror, I think you'll find the biggest threat facing Israel.
&gt;if you're an american

But they're so appreciative!
[deleted]
News media in Israel is down for the sabbath. If anyone's curious about the government's reason for arresting him (whether legitimate or not), wait a day and check haaretz.com
[deleted]
"ALL the countries in the world, INCLUDING the USA, are NOT governed by laws but the government can do anything and claim a "security need".
"

Wow what a prolific insight! Apparently oversight commitees, lawyers and whistleblowers don't exist in the USA! We get away with everything!
Stop spreading lies! Norman Finkelstein came to Lebanon and was invited for an interview on Future TV. He is more than welcome in Lebanon and no one will rip him apart over there. 

For anyone who's interested, here's his interview, with subs, you might not agree with everything he says, but he is none the less a man that knows very well the history and current situation of the Middle-East, if not the World:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDe65-nF3FQ
Yes, he probably could.
Israel is in peace negotiations with Syria and on the cusp of total peace with the state.


So fuck off, you're not helping.
[deleted]
I just heard him give a speech at UCI a few weeks ago =O
From Wikipedia, we do learn the "Law of Return" pertains to the right to migrate to and settle in Israel and gain citizenship. So would not apply in this case, as Dr Finkelstein was only planning on passing through.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_of_Return

Even if he had wanted to migrate, might not of helped him. "A Jew can be excluded from Israeli citizenship under the Law of Return if he or she is considered to be dangerous to the welfare of the State of Israel." And I can see how some in Israel might consider his visit to Palestine such a danger.
yes, he really blew it
recently?
You know he was denied tenure at de Paul, right? 

According to the University president, "his unprofessional personal attacks divert the conversation away from consideration of ideas, and polarize and simplify conversations that deserve layered and subtle consideration."

Is that what makes him "one of the better academics and scholars out there?"

Or is it the fact that he doesn't like Israel?
[deleted]
Why can't he just remain a United States citizen?
Ahmadinejad was talking about Israeli citizens not Jewish American citizens.  I know you want all the Jews to leave, but don't get your hopes up just yet.
[deleted]
I just got a 10 year ban congrats!
*Speaches come from a can, they were put there by a man*
Signs of Jewish supremacism: highonzovirax



..oh, and eat all of our shit
Compared to 4000 years ago.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You know WHY he was denied tenure right?

http://www.nytimes.com/2007/06/11/arts/11depa.html

"Mr. Finkelstein said he clearly “met the publishing standards and the teaching standards required for tenure” and that DePaul’s decision was based on “transparently political grounds” and an “egregious violation” of academic freedom."

"In a full-court press against Mr. Finkelstein, Mr. Dershowitz lobbied professors, alumni and the administration of DePaul, a Roman Catholic university in Chicago, to deny him tenure. Many faculty members at DePaul and elsewhere decried what they called Mr. Dershowitz’s heavy-handed tactics.

Sounding resigned, Mr. Finkelstein said of DePaul, “Rationally, it has to deny me tenure.”

“Any time I wrote or spoke would evoke another hysterical response and would be costly for them,” he said, referring to the college’s fund-raising efforts."





Two words - Alan Dershovitz.

You know, he of the pro Israel Lobby?

The Lobby which works for what is best for Israel, and not best for America?

You know - traitors?

You understand that, right?
Another intriguing commonality is that both Buddha and the Mosaich are in modern times mistaken to be gods when they are both common people, that is, the Mosaich/messiah is expected to be. He is not meant to be a god. That's one of the reasons why Zesus is not understood to be the Mosaich/messiah, of Judaist culture, as he's said to be the son of god by the christian movement.
Signs of a filthy Jew - taking herpes medication (Zovirax)
Israel [calls for Syria to cut off Iran](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/05/22/AR2008052200570.html) (Iran-Syria military pact) and cease supporting Hezbollah as condition for peace agreement. 

Syria would be wise to reject this biased deal that only benefit Israel as it plans to attack Iran to destroy nuclear reactors and military bases, either by IAF/IDF or using American military as a proxy (the latter to invade Iraq for Israel's security).

Israel wants the best deal all to themselves.

So fuck off, you're a cheerleader for Israeli treachery. Israel does not seek peace because peace *is* antagonistic to Zionism.
Don't you fucking dare.  It is racist Jews in Israel who want to see the Palestinians leave.

And now, it seems, anyone who is sympathetic to their plight.
Don't I fucking dare what?  Did Ahmadinejad say that Israeli Jews should go back to Europe or not?  Is that not what you were referencing in that comment?

If the story regarding Professor Finklestein is as is explained here, then it is deplorable, no doubt about it.

You're the one who said it was a good point.
didn't America deny entry to Cat Stevens because he was a "security risk"?

yup. 
and all the guy does is sing

hypocrites
[deleted]
Well there are a number of people that speak out about the right-wing Israel Lobby all the time.

* http://www.muzzlewatch.com
* http://www.philipweiss.org
* http://www.richardsilverstein.com
* http://www.jstreet.org
* http://www.israelpolicyforum.org
* http://www.tikkun.org

And more all the time.  There is a lot of backlash in the American Jewish community with regards to the right's dominance of the main lobbying organizations and their support of violence (versus Iraq, Iran, and the Palestinians) rather than constructive engagement.
do you speach any other speaches than english?
Shhh!!! Reddit not officlly known as a branch of Homeland Security yet. Better delete that comment before your clearance is revoked! I never said this, OK?
So you don't mind being called filthy as long as I don't call you a Jew.  You can call me a Jew; just don't call me your friend.
I myself don't use that term any longer. It's a bit of a liability since most semites are Arabs, and in that case, it does make people somewhat distrustful of any other more valid points one might bring up. However, of course it's not my place to know or direct your objectives.
I heard peaches fucked the pain away. Atleast she says so in her speaches.
So it is crazy for Israel to expect Syria to stop the transfer of weapons through its territory to Hezbollah as one of the conditions of peace?  What kind of peace treaty would it be if Syria continued to arm an enemy of Israel?

This deal would benefit Syria because they would get back the Golan Heights, how is that not a benefit?  Furthermore, any strike on Iran has no bearing with regards to Syria (not that there is going to be any strike).  You think the lack of a peace deal with Syria is what would stop the Israelis if they thought they needed to strike Iran?  Does that even make sense?

Israel doesn't want peace, except for when it signs peace treaties.  Egypt and Jordan, maybe you've heard of them.

"Peace is antagonistic to Zionism".  Wow, you put words together to form a sentence, I guess then it must be true.  Explain for me what that even means.
[deleted]
News to me.
Sincerely, I'm not meaning to offend, but if you haven't lost any loved ones in the "coalition" instigated civil wars in that area, that tone is uncalled for and unproductive to discussion.
what is news to you?
[deleted]
So if Bush was the Pres there and he didn't like Bush he'd be out of luck maybe.
"Atleast she says so in her speaches."

Atleast she speaches.
&gt;Did Ahmadinejad say that Israeli Jews should go back to Europe or not?
Welcome to the section of Reddit that comes out from under its rock to post/upvote anything negative about Israel they can find.

I, personally, couldn't find an actual source for this story.  TFA links to a *Democracy Now!* report that doesn't include a source.  Apparently the left can now use an echo-chamber every bit as well as the right.
Actually, he didn't sing because Wahhabism is especially known for its hatred of music.
Stevens in the New York Times on December 8, 1997: "I've . . . used a very conservative approach. You only hear my own voice, a slight choral accompaniment and drums. Let's say that's the safest option according to certain Islamic schools of thought. I've made minimal use of musical instruments, and in some schools of thought in Islam musical instruments are disapproved of." 

And he collaborated with Shaikh Hamza Yusuf.
There's no actual source for this article.  I'll believe it when it's in *Yediot Achronot*.
Good point, I guess, but what was the term used prior?
I believe he did, and it seems that Nokilli was referencing that.  If there was another way to interpret what Nokilli wrote, please tell me what it was.  I'm pretty sure Ahmedinejad never said that Norman Finklestein should apply for Polish citizenship and was then subsequently condemned for it.

Edit:

[ChinaDaily](http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/english/doc/2005-12/09/content_501998.htm)

[Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2005/dec/09/iran.israel)
The State Department is responsible for American Travelers? Allah help us.
Right of return gives him the right to be a citizen. If he does not claim it, it is not relevant.
Sorry.  I'm a Jewish American and I know for a fact that anti-Israel sentiment amongst the public (especially among self-styled intellectuals) is the result of latent anti-semitism.  Nobody is using it as an ad-hominem attack; you (and almost everyone else on reddit) are beating up a strawman of your own creation.

I am NOT a neocon, I am not a Republican, I am not a "self-hating Jew".  I will be down-modded because reddit's groupthink takes an opposing viewpoint.
The term was introduced by Wilhelm Marr in 1879. Marr, a left wing intellectual, founded the League of Antisemites (Antisemiten-Liga), the first German organization committed specifically to combatting the alleged threat to Germany posed by the Jews and advocating their forced removal from the country.
(see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antisemitism#Evolution_of_usage_as_a_term)

Prior they called it amusement.
Downmodded for not knowing what the fuck you're talking about.
Why focus just on the neocons in the White House today? Every administration since the 60s gave let this go on.
[deleted]
&gt;If 20 to 30-odd individuals, neocons and predominately Jewish, can dominate and drive U.S. foreign policy

It is astounding how somehow under secretaries are in charge of policy. The highest ranking Jew in Bush's initial group was his press secretary, yet Jews are blamed for everything.
You have no idea what you are talking about.
Check haaretz.com in the days following as another poster said.
I was never so proud of my supervisor (a professor in physics) as when I found out he was included on the self-hating Jews internet list.  (G. F. Reiter)

I know one other professor, an Israeli academic (V. Buch) who's also on the list.

Both of them are involved in the peace movement, and both are left wing.  Besides criticism of Israel, there's nothing self-hating about them or their Jewishness.  (Bet that surprises you- not.)

BTW, I love the Woody Allen quote (later borrowed by Larry David):

Stranger: "You're a self hating Jew!"

Allen:  "I hate myself yes, but it's got nothing to do with my Jewishness."
Democracy Now! breaks stories all the time, and you see them only later in the mainstream media. Ha`aretz is like Israel's New York Times. They for instance may cover it in the next few days. BBC is likely to, also.
Why quote a NY times blurb when you can read the Desrhowitz letter directly from the horse's mouth:

http://www.normanfinkelstein.com/article.php?pg=11&amp;ar=1319

I don't see any denial of Dershowitz's easily verifiable claims. Essentially, that Mr. Finkelstein doesn't so much as debate but personally attack his perceived opponents while often fabricating facts to suit his arguments.
Do the Palestinians not have the right to defend themselves against a foreign illegal occupier? The Israeli occupation of Palestine, as I'm sure you know, has been deemed illegal by the World Court decades ago, and it still is today.
Ha'aretz is not Israel's New York Times.  Ha'aretz has a definite leftist bent to everything: the editorials, the articles, and the headlines.  You can see a Ha'aretz headline, read the article it headlines, and find it almost completely contradicted.  This generally happens whenever they think a scandalmongering headline can sell more papers.

Ha'aretz has pretensions to being Israel's New York Times, but fails at them due to its lack of objectivity.
[deleted]
&gt;News media in Israel is down for the sabbath.

As of right now 5 people are stupid enough to have voted this up.  Makes me wonder about the rest of the people posting comments in here.
And I agree that anti-semitism is very real. 

What is not real though is the idea that there are 'self-hating Jews', i.e. the cartoon character stereotype of a Jew who so detests her/his own ethnicity that (s)he attacks all other Jews in a pathetic attempt to ingratiate her/himself with the goyim.

(Well, actually, Bobby Fischer might justly have qualified.)

Individual Jews may be wrong or right on their (varied) criticisms of Israel, but to draw up a big list of all Jewish critics and to claim that these Jews are 'self-hating' is an insult to our intelligence, and also self-defeating.

The tactic is so transparently slimy, I have a hard time believing it has fooled anyone.  The clear aim of this list is to cow people into believing that any criticism of Israel constitutes a betrayal of the Jewish ethnicity.  It's genuinely difficult to describe this practice without comparison to Fascism, because that is what it most closely resembles.

(BTW, I don't know if bjtuna is for or against the creation of such lists, I can't tell if this poster is specifically defending the list mentioned in the parent comment.)
Number one method of Israeli debate-
violent, human rights crushing censorship.
To answer your questions:

1) Yes. It is Israel's responsibility to honor its intention to make fair deal for both sides, not one-sided agreement that only benefit Israel.

2) Israel thieved Golan Heights, plain and simple. Syria have the right to get back its land. That Syria might do when Israel attacks Iran, then Iran-Syria military pact become active to pummel Israel.

As the truth of history will tell (despite your opposing side), Israel always commit treachery. Unless noted otherwise, Israel wants the "existential" enemies subdued with USA as the proxy to carry out Israeli policy in Zionist expansionism.

3) Of course. But these treaties might not last long...soon after Iran declares the war on Israel after the physical attack that breach the sovereign rights.

4) Your sarcasm is typical of the supporters of Zionism. Zionism require that Israel make time to expand over the decades to achieve two objectives: Greater Israel by subduing to balkanize the conquered neighboring nations (Iraq down, Syria, Iran, Lebanon, etc to go) and to impose the hegemony in geopolitical power as the de facto force in the Middle East-Central Asia region.

Therefore, Zionism does not require peace unless necessary as a compromise for assured security to "prevent" future aggression on both sides (Egypt and Jordan, until a future wide conflict render the treaties invalid).

I cherish the eventual [decline and death of Israel](http://www.dailykos.com/storyonly/2008/5/13/32250/0411/1021/514616). It is a fool's paradise as an illegitimate regime.
Assuming the occupation is illegal, what bearing does that have on the comment I made regarding cyberdogg2's take on an Israeli-Syrian peace deal?

I would agree that the Palestinians have a right to self determination, I would not agree that they have the right to try and destroy Israel in its entirety.  When you say foreign illegal occupier, I don't know if you are referencing the post '67 territories or the entire country of Israel.
Your prerogative.

I wrote the essay - [Eulogy before the Inevitability of Self-Destruction: The Decline and Death of Israel](http://www.dailykos.com/storyonly/2008/5/13/32250/0411/1021/514616)

I know exactly what I am talking about. You do not know what *you* are talking about, Zionist sympathizer.
yeah that worked -GREAT for Mordechai Vanunu, how could it not work for Finklestein?
http://www.commondreams.org/headlines04/0416-04.htm

two things Americans need to stop doing-

1 Stop pretending you can reason with an Israeli.

2 Stop pretending they have the right to BE reasoned with- they are occupying stolen land through nazi tactics- but only for SIXTY YEARS.

 That's the part most people don't get.
You've only been asleep to the nazi holocaust of the arab people for sixty years.
Time to wake up, sheeple.

The Israelis have completely infested washington now, and that is why you keep scratching your head going... why would my government do that???
Because YOUR government wouldn't.
But the Israelis are willing to destroy america and several other countries to continue the arab holocaust, nothing could be sweeter for these bloodthirsty monsters.
If you aren't familiar with AIPAC and the Mossad, Kissinger and Lieberman-
it's time to start reading.
The problem is 98.9% of all politicians in washington won't say a single negative thing about Israel because they know washington is overrun by Israeli spies.
to mention that democracy no longer exists in america and our entire country has been hijacked by Israeli spies is the truth.
But it's career suicide.
jews hating israelis is simply jews hating the fake ashkenazis and their arab holocaust.
The irony is most israelis are ashkenazi- they are not even real jews.
"Mr. Finkelstein doesn't so much as debate but personally attack his perceived opponents while often fabricating facts to suit his arguments.

now you are projecting neocons...

thats what THEY do.

but hey, you can take that shit dershovitz at his face value and believe every word in his letter.

up to you.
&gt; because they know washington is overrun by Israeli spies.

It's not very few Israeli spies that people are afraid of, its AIPAC and its members and the awareness that Jewish Americans are heavily political donors.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AIPAC

And I do agree with you that it can be career suicide for non-Jews to speak out against Israeli policies forcefully.
Ever since Nixon, it has been an Israeli conspiracy running this government.

If you do your homework- you will notice there's a lot of nixon era assholes still wandering the whitehouse- israeli spies.

http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/pentagon/paths/

http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/spyring.html

And kids- guess which Israeli citizen is in charge of your homeland "security" ??

http://www.rense.com/general77/chert.htm
actually you are a stupid brainwashed twit and an embarassment to the jewish race.
If you followed your torah you would know that you can't take Israel by force and follow judaic law.
You are also so goddamned ignorant to think that you are the only semites.
Israel is inherently anti-semitic because it is the nazi style invasion and occupation of a land that was 90% arab when invaded by the fake jew ashkenazis...
and guess what...
PALESTINIANS ARE SEMITES YOU IGNORAMUS.
Now quit using your idiot goddamned bullshit argument that pointing out Israel's atrocities and their urgent need to be disbanded as a "nation" (and the land returned to the palestinians) is anti semitic.

It is pro semitic.
anyone that can prove their jewish heritage can apply for citizenship of Israel.
It's not instantaneous, and no one has been able to explain why the Ashkenazi are the largest number of citizens when they are not jews.
just as citizenship can be granted, it can be revoked.
http://www.imemc.org/article/46504
welcome to the user (eaturbrainz) that is such an ignorant piece of crap on the topic he can't post anything about it other than a personal attack on the people telling the truth about Israel...
Obviously, you didn't bother to read the link or to properly read my post before responding.
Dershowitz's claims are easily verifiable. You don't need to believe him to find if Finkelstein did indeed fabricate facts and engage in ad hominem attacks instead of real scholarly debate - somewhat like your rants.
yeah coldkodiak- american history has shown we are a nation that abides by our laws we really treat our whistleblowers well....

http://www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/05/06/fbi.raid/

and lawyers is your battlecry that justice exists in america? nigga please.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/O.J._Simpson

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Motors_streetcar_conspiracy

http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/RANCHO/POLITICS/FOSTER_COVERUP/foster.html

Here's what happens when you AREN'T rich and famous:
http://news.cnet.com/8301-10784_3-9792155-7...l

etc... I could be here all day listing how our american justice system is merely a tool for the rich to crush the poor.
None of the following is racist:

1.  Calling an invasion "reclaiming a homeland" does not make it OK.  

2.  No one has any superior right to any plot of land by virtue of religious identity.  In fact, any assertion of superior or inferior right of any sort based on any ethnic, cultural or religious identity is what real racism is.  Think Japanese ethnocentrism or the Southern White slave holder's hierarchy of inferiority for darkness of skin.  

3.  Getting permission from the Queen of England or the UN security council does not make an invasion OK.  

The original Israeli leaders had no problem admitting they were invaders.  Former Israeli prime minister Gurion said, “If I were an Arab leader, I would never sign an agreement with Israel. It is normal; we have taken their country. It is true God promised it to us, but how could that interest them? Our God is not theirs. There has been Anti - Semitism, the Nazis, Hitler, Auschwitz, but was that their fault ? They see but one thing: we have come and we have stolen their country. Why would they accept that?”

The problem is America should have nothing and never should have had anything to do with this religious project.  It's one thing to believe in the omnipotent sky father deity, but to go further and conclude someone else's land rightfully belongs to you is a sign of insanity if it's a truly held belief.  Two wrongs don't make a right, attempts to justify the creation of Israel in place of Palestine/Jordan and the conquest of Jerusalem because of the holocaust are all patently illogical and or immoral.  Any rational person sees only one thing: a group of religious fanatics led luckless refugees on a crusade to steal someone else's country.  America should not support that.
He should be free to 'speaches' any way he likes. Isn't that more important than how he spells?
Thanks noxyu, acoward, and tpodr.  That's exactly what I was looking for.
If the first Israelis had the right to destroy Palestinian cities and villages in their entirety, why don't Palestinians have the right to do the same to Israeli villages and cities?
Fucking retard.
It's retarded to not let someone into your country because he criticized the government in a foreign newspaper.  Christ, if the US government did the same we'd have to turn people away in droves.
Oh yeah, says the guy whose username claims that Digg is run by the government.

News flash: even Digg isn't quite as retarded as the government.
Seriously?  You saying Norm is a gun runner or something?  He's a guy, kinda a jerk, but the Israeli government should really learn to not give a shit about things that don't matter.
You can get stoned off herpes medication?
&gt;And maybe we might get a new 911 investigation along the way.

Reddit is usually a good place for logical discussion but every time there is an Israel related article the top voted comments just blow my mind.
What a lot of people apparently missed in the story is why exactly he was deported.

&gt;On May 23, 2008 Finkelstein was arrested in Israel. He was ordered to be deported and was banned from entering the country for 10 years. Finkelstein was attempting to travel to the Occupied Territories at the time of his detention.
-Wikipedia

Traveling to occupied territories in Israel is a crime.
From a legal standpoint, he is allowed to be deported.

Furthermore, he is not a CITIZEN of Israel.
Just because you are Jewish doesn't mean you are a citizen, it means you are eligible to become a citizen in Israel and there is a bureaucratic process that must precede that.

Considering he is an immigrant that has done something illegal by Israeli law, I think they have the upper hand legally.

Technically speaking, he can probably take the case to the [Supreme Court of Israel](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supreme_Court_of_Israel). But that's making the terrible assumption that Israel's a democracy... right?
&gt;WAY TO GO ONLY DEMOCRACY IN THE MIDDLE EAST!

Democracy doesn't translate into "ideal government".  Democracy just happens to be fairly robust and to help avoid particular situations where a small group exploits the majority to the detriment of the whole.
Dear Sam Bahour,

We'll have greater chances of success writing to Kim Jong-il and demanding him to free the political prisoners in the camps in N Korea.
Where's all the free speech outrage on this?
Why do you say that [Ashkenazi Jews](https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Ashkenazi) are "fake"?  Because their ancestors chose to migrate a millennium ago?

It doesn't seem to prevent one from being Jewish in either the religious or ethnic sense of the word.
Feinstein = Israel First.
Isn't that just Germany for espousal? How could they detect if you sympathize? Israel's back should be able to take any thing another country would, otherwise, does it's back exist?
Signs of antisemitism: breathing
Since the first Israelis were all for the U.N. partition of Palestine which would have created a Palestinian state, I find your comment to be untruthful.  Remember who perpetrated that initial war that the Palestinians now refer to as the Nakba.  It wasn't Israel (unless you consider Israel existing at all to be cause for war).

Wars involve violence, it is ridiculous to look back and blame Israel for defending itself in a war it did not start.
You forgot a comma before and after the name Norman Finkelstein, and that bugs the hell out of me.
Your definition of fair includes what exactly?  Syria initiated a war against Israel.  Israel beat them back and proceeded to conquer territory from them.  Israel is in the wrong how?  If you start a war and lose there are consequences, otherwise how do you deter a future war?  I think giving up the Golan Heights is a huge concession for peace.  You think a fair deal includes an Israeli handover of the Golan and a thank you from Syria?  Apparently it is over the top to hope peace deals include the cessation of overt violence or violence directed at Israel through proxies.

My sarcasm is typical of someone trying to temper their disbelief with the inanity of your commentary.  Israel must expand?  Where did you get that from, Protocols of the Elders of Zion perhaps?  if you just look at Israel's history you can see that your statement is ridiculous.  Israel gave back the Sinai to Egypt for peace, and is negotiating the Golan Heights for peace with Syria.  Israel is giving up territory for peaceful relations.  Israel could have taken Cairo and Damascus in 1967 if they had so desired.  These hyperbolic conspiracy theories are nonsense, and frankly you should be ashamed of yourself.  Israel is no more illegitimate than most countries around the world.  I promise you one thing, the day that Israel is destroyed (as you seem to hope) will be a VERY bad day for the rest of the Middle East.
Wow...

The song to "Amish Paradise" on the website...
Hah!
Ashamed of myself? LOL.

Promise me one thing that when Israel is destroyed, it will mean a very bad day?

Do you mean the [Samson Option](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samson_Option) (edit for correct link), which Israel will hit the red button to deploy nuclear weapons before it goes under?

I have my truth. You have yours. Nobody's right or wrong.

Israel cannot last, that's for sure IMO.

Israel used USA to fight its wars by proxy, meaning USA invaded Iraq to do Israel a great favor. That is why I consider Israel a cancerous parasite that needs a cure -- termination.
All night, I've been coming across these completely nonsensical comments, and each time, it's been you.
Your post is the fucking definition of an ad hominem.

Specifically, it's called poisoning the well.
hahahahahahahaha
And it's not just an Israeli conspiracy running the government.  Don't forget about the Pope.  And the Chicago White Sox.  White.  Sox.  Now are you catching on?
[Iraq War Launched to Protect Israel - Bush Adviser](http://www.commondreams.org/headlines04/0329-11.htm)

NYT: [Israel Says War on Iraq Would Benefit the Region](http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9B0CE5DC153CF934A15751C0A9659C8B63)

[Bush admits he plans to attack Iran on Israeli tv](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9BNQ5QpUdY)

You won't be laughing anymore when the social chaos arising from economic implosion in North America or the nuclear blast wipe out your infantile existence.
hahahaahahahha

tell me cyberdawwg, are you frothing at the mouth as you are typing this?
lol. No.

RTFA, troll.
They're not anti-semites!!!@1 They just don't like Israel...and they really love useful jews.
You linked to a story called:

**What do Utahns Google? Answers may come as surprise**

You have your interpretation and I have mine, but that doesn't mean they're equally based in reality.  The United States went into Iraq primarily for oil in my opinion.  If you look at the situation as it stands, Israel isn't better off with Saddam gone. Iran is unchecked and Iraq is poised to potentially swing towards Iran.

Israel will last because there is no other alternative.  When you say termination so cavalierly, you are talking about the murder of millions of people.
Why don't you just go back to digg, change your fucking IP and get a new email addy, they will never know. Trust me, I've been banned from digg before, getting a new account isn't a big deal.
are you sure? kinda sounds like you might be from some of that insipid drivel you keep spouting out

anyway, if it's anything like your own writing i think i'm better off reading a wikipedia article vandalized by a 14-year-old

"This Cancerous Tumor Must be Terminated"

ahahahahahhahhaah
Just let them pretend they are "anti-israel" and not jew haters, it makes them feel intellectual. Besides, they get tired of hating america everyday and need to change to a new hate subject every so often, it keeps the hate fresh.
Man, let's live it up and stick one in after Israel too!
My bad about the link. The link was for a friend who run a porn comic business (Carnal Comics) in Arizona in an email exchange.

No alternative? Try the [analysis here](http://www.wakeupfromyourslumber.com/node/3967). If the link is deemed unacceptable by you on account of bias, here's the [link to Truman Library](http://www.trumanlibrary.org/oralhist/wright.htm).

I did not call for the murder of millions of people. Rather, Israel *brings* destruction to itself as soon as Iran is attacked. 

Israel will be the primary agitator of WWIII, and that is why its destruction is assured with the torrent of Iranian Russia-provided missiles to pulverize the cities.

It's in Iraq's best interest to become allied with Iran, because when Iran is attacked, Iraqi Shiite population, while dealing with chaos of suffering covert mass-destruction bombing runs by Israeli merc thugs to force America's hand on accepting permanent occupation for stability and to counter Iranian influence, will turn the tide against American troops as the sitting ducks.

United States' coveting of oil is just one of the reasons. It's also to protect Israel by removing Saddam as a threat to appease Israeli revenge. The third reason is petrodollar warfare. 

Israel will face a great justice one day as the culprit of regional strife. Iran have the inalienable right to defend itself from external forces.
why don't you learn how to debate a topic.
Step one- know what you are talking about-
Step two- back it up.
step three- shut up if you have nothing to add to the debate.

In your case- follow step 3.
no, dumbass.
Pathetic assholes such as yourself don't bother to do your research, nor do you comprehend a whole lot outside of your own sphere of influence. You can always spot the comments of retards such as yourself as they are bereft of any sort of research, intelligent thought or reasonable debate.

I highly suggest you read up on the topic of Israeli influence in washington before you open your stupid yap again.

Although, Ironically, there is actually some truth to your drivel- but not in the context you intended or joked- the pope and the vatican have been implicated in several conflicts and a good deal of money laundering.
http://www.vaticanbankclaims.com/faqs.html

http://www.remnantofgod.org/ustashe.htm

Now go back to your fox news and america's funniest home videos, and don't forget to drink your electrolytes.
Nice counter. Does that work in your circles?
&gt;Israel doesn't want peace, except for when it signs peace treaties. Egypt and Jordan, maybe you've heard of them.

Israel was offered full recognition and fully normalized relations by all arab states in exchange for ending the occupation of palestine.

Israel refused to even entertain the idea.

israel is clearly not interested in peace.
&gt;Your definition of fair includes what exactly? Syria initiated a war against Israel. Israel beat them back and proceeded to conquer territory from them.

That's not legal according to international laws.

&gt;I promise you one thing, the day that Israel is destroyed (as you seem to hope) will be a VERY bad day for the rest of the Middle East.

How so. Israel has done nothing but kill people and oppress millions of palestenians.

They haven't done one good thing to anybody in the middle east.
&gt;Wars involve violence, it is ridiculous to look back and blame Israel for defending itself in a war it did not start.

In the same way palestenians can't be blamed for defending themselves and fighting to gain their freedom after forty years of opression and occupation.
Name more than 4 Jews living in Israel who aren't right wing.
Trust me you are not doing the jews a favor with your posts.

You make them look even sillier.
they have no lineage to abraham- the inherent definition of being a jew.

BTW- that's a nice whitewash on history with your link there-
it conveniently overlooks the truth- the part where their king simply made up the custom that they were jewish out of the blue!!!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SdjhRytv3bE
Of course anytime you are looking for the truth behind the ashkenazi on google you will get-
In response to a legal request submitted to Google, we have removed....

...In the ninth century, the Khazarian royalty and nobility as well as a significant portion of the Khazarian Turkic population embraced the Jewish religion. After their conversion, the Khazars were ruled by a succession of Jewish kings and began to adopt the hallmarks of Jewish civilization, including the Torah and Talmud, the Hebrew script, and the observance of Jewish holidays. A portion of the empire's population adopted Christianity and Islam...

So all the people from Khazaria- the Ashkenazi- are simply converted in religion, not descendants of abraham, not jews by heritage, and have ZERO claim to israel.

they are fake jews. Jews in their mind only and nowhere else. I am probably more jewish than an ahskenazi is.

The crucial point on this information is the jewish claim to israel is from a biblical ancestral perspective.

this claim cannot be asserted by an ashkenazi khazar and ironically- they are the ones that invaded palestine and did most of the butchering to secure the state of "israel".

there is a MASSIVE hassidic resistance to these psychotic charlatans pretenders to the throne because they see Israel for the incredibly illegal land grab that it is.

The torah specifically prohibits taking Israel by force.
The jewish tribes are to wander the earth until the lord hands it back to them when they turn back to yawheh.
http://www.nkusa.org/activities/statements/nyc110300statement.cfm

http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080207121557AAXh3qi

So don't let the fake jews fool you into thinking being anti-israel is anti-jew.

The opposite is true- if you only bother to read the torah.
Ohhh, shut up says the big bad eThug. I'm going to do what you say because you're scary.

j/k loon, blow me.
i'm here to voice my opinion bub, not be a lackey and do people favors

that said, how does my own personal opinion about cyberdogg being a tool reflect on 'the jews'?

cant wait for your response

love,

noxyu
Oh hey, how has my favorite little man been doing? Haven't seen you trolling the jew threads recently, everything OK? 

Allah Akbar my brother.
&gt;that said, how does my own personal opinion about cyberdogg being a tool reflect on 'the jews'?

It does. That's something you have to deal with.
typical jew.
Name more than 4 Jews living in Israel who aren't
[deleted]
sounds pretty retarded, but i'm not surprised!  duly noted, moving on to the next toolbag..
proof positive that you are an idiot that can't debate for shit.
Thanks for proving my point. You and a sack of hammers would make a cute couple, you would have so much to talk about.
what you perceive as nonsense... is your own ignorance.
Crack open a book sometime you twit.

Pick a single thing you think isn't true and brace yourself for pwnage.
Have we not been over this before? Believe me, if I was a jew you'd be the first person I told.
[deleted]
Coming from a a conspiracy theorist that gets his talking points from infowars, that's flattering.
Do what you want. Just realize you are not helping your cause when you act like this.
I didn't mean it as an insult. If you want to take it as one feel free.
succinct.
Anytime the word jew comes outta your mouth, you're trying to insult someone.
You might want to disable javascript before hitting that link above. Contains embedded midi music file.
Only if you think it's some sort of a despicable thing to be a jew.
How do you not consider Israel existing to be a cause for war?  I swear I just don't understand.
So, Arabs are Jews then?
He conveniently left out why the deal was rejected by the arabs. +50% of the land given to a third of the population(recent jewish immigrants), with about half of the arab population residing in the jewish state. Not to mention the jews obtaining the arable land. The jews would've been foolish not to have accepted the deal readily! It was even better than what they have hoped for: a country handed to them on a platter.
As a self-confessed Hizbullah supporter, Finkelstein has no place in Israel. 

Regarding the man himself, who better tha [Alan Dershowitz](http://commentisfree.guardian.co.uk/alan_dershowitz/2007/06/finkelstein_the_case_against.html) to describe him, as published in The Guardian, which no one could accuse of being pro-Israel...
What religion are you? And can you trace that back for more than two generations?
I can´t help but wonder what you have against "Ashkenazis".  Do you perhaps see the "...nazi" part of the name as an affront to your god Adolf?

*Mach es dir selber*, Herr Schiklegruber.
Are you serious? You start your previous comment off with "So it is crazy for Israel to expect Syria to stop the transfer of weapons through its territory to Hezbollah as one of the conditions of peace? What kind of peace treaty would it be if Syria continued to arm an enemy of Israel?".

Hezbollah is an Enemy of the Israeli *government*, not so much the Israeli people. It's the Israeli people that get killed in terrorism, but so do Palestinians, and on a much larger scale mind you.

Israel is occupying the Palestinians land, making them live like dogs, and you know it. Hezbollah is fighting against foreign occupiers, which you were trying to say they don't have the right to do. If you don't know it, I'm very sorry for you personally. I feel extremely sorry for the minirity delusional Israeli hard-liners who actually believe that Israel is in the right for the most part in this tragic decades-long conduct. They're not. Israel the occupier, they have no rights, and yet they suppress people like they're animals. It's sick man, and people who believe in these lies are sick. Thankfully at least pluralities and maybe marjorities of the population of Israel are in agreement to a lot of what I have said here.

I support a two-state solution. I also support the USA getting an administration into high office that wouldn't enable and allow Israel in this atrocious way.
i spilled the cola
you certainly do, otherwise you wouldn't be using it in that context.
Name more than 4 Jews living in Israel
Hey I am not the one who took it as an insult.

Take it up with b34nz.
Here he comes: The right-wing anti-establishment masturbation hungry antisemite from eastern Europe who pretends to be a libertarian American.

Nice continuity:
http://www.math.psu.edu/glasner/moreshet/faith/node14.html
http://reddit.com/info/2cgbh/comments/c2cgps
http://reddit.com/info/6eika/comments/c03mkx4
http://reddit.com/info/676ot/comments/c031nrj
http://reddit.com/info/60wrw/comments/c02hs8t
drugs are bad for you
http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/942454.html
Anything context-related or are you giving up already? You fight like a dairy farmer!
Other way around, but, yes.
There's a bit of overlap there. Between the spies, and AIPAC.
Hizb'Allah is the party of the legitimate elected government of the Palestinians. And the main reason for that is that Israel corrupted Fatah and made Fatah their bitch. The Israelis are digging their own grave with their own actions: Fatah, the Lebanon war, the settlers, the Wall, etc. Israel is done.
You would be better off asking why I, an atheist, can go to Iran, which we call a "theocracy" and live there but I cannot get permanent resident status in Israel without being Jewish.

You might also look into the criteria. They are actually racial, not religious.
Yes, I can, honey. It started with Drysol as a gateway drug.
Ah, I see you're wise to the Papal involvement in the Illuminati conspiracy to undermine the Masonic infiltration of the Bilderberg Group which is but one guise of the Council on Foreign Relations as embodied by Frank Thomas' 1991 season in which he hit 42 home runs.  Can't put anything past you.
my 'cause' for the most part is poking fun at retards - i think i reeled in some pretty big fish today. mission accomplished.
poor boy
Poor baby :) We fucked you, we fuck you and we'll continue to fuck you in the future. LOL
Why do you disparage the askenazis so much? We managed to infiltrate the huge United States and to run them for our benefit without (almost) anyone noticing. Now that feat takes some smarts, don't you think so stupid mindless loser?
[deleted]
Hizballah is a Shi'a militant group in Lebanon.  

The Palestinians elected Hamas.  

I think you and the people voting you up need to do some reading.
good for you. it took you just 5 attempts to obtain a useful answer out of reddit. i'd just quit
Maybe it has to do with them founding the state of Israel, dumb fuck?
a real democracy, then, allows anyone to enter its territory?
Didn't you get banned for this paranoid bullshit, you muslim cocks sucker?
All religions come from one source. How's that relevant to poor old Norm though?
[deleted]
&gt; You sir are a waste of skin, a human garbage if you will.

&gt; You sir are a waste of skin, a human garbage if you will.

&gt; You sir are a waste of skin, a human garbage if you will.

&gt; You sir are a waste of skin, a human garbage if you will.

I can't believe he said that. Fucking Nazi.
Anyone bothered to check the official reason for this? The government version is that he met with a senior Hizbullah member in Lebanon, and thus is a security risk.
I don't have any idea if it's true or not, but you should at least mention it before ranting about lack of democracy in Israel.
I'm pretty sure that there are more likely minded crackpots on Reddit than on Digg.
maybe you missed the point completely you truly dumb fuck?
Read a history book you ignorant brainwashed piece of shit.
Start with the history of Khazaria and then you can learn about how the king of Khazaria just decided one day that jews were cool and all his people were mandated to follow their ways.
this does not make them sons of abraham.

This is the only valid claim to being on that land- either being arab or a son of abraham.
read a book, read a book, read a motherfucking book.
And... then you can read about the formation of Israel-
and find out it was not what your stupid ass probably assumes it was.
deception is not intellect, it is lack of character, and a request to be taken off this earth.
by way of deception you shall make war.
;-)
Slowly:
"No one has been able to explain why the Ashkenazi are the largest number of citizens"

Do you understand how this statement is ridiculous, when it was the Ashkenazi jews who founded the state of Israel? Herzl, Ben Gurion, 
all those guys - ashkenazi. Or is that too much info for your small baboon brain?
religion is for the blind, as is atheism.
Now run the math on that one.
see comment above. you have yet to make a single substantive statement on the topic at hand you fluttering troll vagina.
There were some people in Germany who intended to take off the Jews. They ended up hanging from ropes in Nuremberg, a future which also expects your hateful racist kind, if you follow that path.
It is the Palestinians, not the other Arab countries, that have to say yes to a peace deal with Israel concerning specific borders.  What good does it do Israel if they (other Arab countries) accepted this so called peace deal only to have the Palestinians not be part of it?  Hamas has never agreed to any peace deal under any conditions, so the point is entirely moot.
What's so undemocratic about meeting senior/junior Hizbullah member in Lebanon?
Muslim Jews are the real thing
Thank the Megaphoners
Right, I'm actually the anti-semite here, not malcontent.

:)
Right, because you have been making some great points. Oh wait, no you've been flaming and calling people names.
The security people wouldn't want to allow entry for people with Hizbullah connections. 
Same way like in the US would it be kinda difficult to board a plane if the TSA people knew you come from a meeting with Hizbullah.
nazi?

from an israel supporter?

if anybody is acting like a nazi these days, it is Israel.

http://www.shovrimshtika.org/index_e.asp
"Obviously, you didn't bother to read the link or to properly read my post before responding. Dershowitz's claims are easily verifiable"...

IF you are a partisan hack.
how about if you lost a son or a son came back without his legs, from the war in iraq?

a war on behalf of israel.
wow a pea sized shit for brain asshole that can't understand the basic premise of the state of Israel.

Look you goddamned motherfucking idiot, I know more on the subject than you and that's pretty blatantly obvious since you have been jabbing in the dark the whole time and grasping at straws- so let me say it in really small words so your retard head can understand:

There is only one claim to the land of israel for the jews, and that is one of heritage.
In order to make this claim- you should be one of the tribes, aka- descended from abraham.

It is well known that the ashkenazi were a bunch of khazars that adopted the religion of judaism under order of their king.
They have no jewish blood.
That is why they are caucasian- from the caucus mountains.
Dumb Dumb dumb dumb- you.

Now quit pretending like you know more on the subject and bow to your sensei!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlmIYHUxVA4&amp;feature=related
I read the links, I don't see any alternative proposed there.  You said that Israel is a cancer that needs to be terminated, you didn't say that Israel would be destroyed as a result of attacking Iran.  You're not being consistent here.  I personally don't think there will be an attack on Iran, so your scenario (even if one was to believe it) will not come to pass.

You see everything as an Israeli conspiracy, as if there were no other actors in this region capable of influencing and causing grief on their own.  I don't know how to debate someone who automatically blames every possible bad thing that occurs on the Israelis, regardless of proof or logic.

Israel is but one entity in a troubled region.  It isn't the genesis of all things evil in the Middle East, no matter how hard you want to believe it is.
You are such a patheric idiot bringing all the dumbest israeli arguments out of your musty footlocker.
Look you dumb asshole- if you want to take a look at the most hateful "race" killers you need look no further than the IDF.
You will also notice you are just hanging out with the ad hominem attacks because you are far too ignorant to debate the actual topic you ignorant son of a bitch.

Being against Israel is being for human rights since it is the arab holocaust, using all the tactics the nazis used on not just the jews- but gays, artists, political dissidents, etc...

Your desperate pathetic attempt at muddying the argument has failed you loser.

Now debate the topic and quit with the boo hoo Israel can do whatever it wants cuz the nazis existed argument- it holds no water and in reality, argues more AGAINST the state of Israel than for it, since israelis are guilty of every single war crime the Nazis committed right down to the mengele style experiments on children of the occupied territory.

Why don't you sip on a cup of *shocking graphic NSFW* truth??

http://www.thewe.cc/weplanet/news/middle_east/israel/call_for_divestment_from_israel.html


http://www.countercurrents.org/pa-akleh190307.htm
So they provide internet in the mental hospitals nowadays? damn
According to international law, Israel has the right to exist and not be attacked and undermined by its neighbors.  Syria didn't seem to understand that fact and had to be forcibly put in its place.  Israel did not start that war with Syria.

Guess what? Killing and oppressing people is the specialty of every Middle Eastern government.  The ironic thing is that even with this terrible conflict with the Palestinians, Israel is by far the most productive, free country in the Middle East.  They've done more good than every other country in the region combined.
It's not long till the doctor comes with your injections, and you will feel calm again. Hold on
It's going to be a long time before you can read above a 4th grade level, or participate in a meaningful debate.
Back to school for you.
Hear hear, you didn't mention neither arab holocausts nor ashkenazi jews... I sense that your administered medicine already works.
- You said 
&gt; You sir are a waste of skin, a human garbage if you will.

to a person that tried to defend Jews. Not to mention your racist comments elsewhere.

- You said
&gt; if anybody is acting like a nazi these days, it is Israel.

And I guess you are smart enough to understand what Nazis did to the Jews.

- You try to make a point (I don't get that point) with a website that gives some information that might be true, but refuses to show the full picture (i.e. see
http://elderofziyon.blogspot.com/2008/05/judenrein-hebron.html).

But good to see that you don't like to be called a Nazi. Peridol might help it.
They could have had their freedom on day one if they had so chosen.  The Israelis were actually fighting for their lives in 1948, the Palestinians are suffering the consequences of a mind numbingly stupid strategy that is clearly not going to succeed.  Gaining freedom is not synonymous with trying to destroy another country.  There are significantly better strategies for gaining freedom than what the Palestinians engage in.  Freedom is easily attainable, dominance over the Israeli population is not.
yes- and that attitude, is your request to the rest of the world to be removed from this earth.

If you can't live among other people peacefully, and you look at everyone else as your slaves to deceive and rule, how can you honestly expect to survive?

if you were so smart- you would put the ego and the elitism down, and integrate; the number one method of long term survival.

Right wing republicans and zionists are not long for this earth because their platforms are ones of hatred and domination against all mankind, and they are the minority on this planet.

You can't swing your dick at everyone like that forever... chickens come home to roost.
Your pathetic attempt at an argument is the lazy man's poorly read, a reductio ad absurdum, ad infinitum.

It saves you the trouble of reading up on the topic, and let's your cozy blanket of ignorance warm your rotted soul, but it has no place in any debate, and has nothing to do with proving a point.

So.. you just wasted both of our time with that useless comment.

Why don't you try reading on the topic and realize that lawsuit is real, and that US investigation is real, and.. your opinions.. are not based on anything real.
I left out nothing.  First of all, Jordan is part of historical Palestine.  why don't you factor that into your calculations and see how the percentages break down.  Your comment with respect to arable land is bullshit as well.  I like how everyone always mentions recent Jewish immigrants, but never mention recent Arab immigrants.  Somehow all the Arabs in Palestine are automatically Palestinian, regardless of when they actually arrived there.
You are right, I got them mixed up.

Hamas is the slightly less fundamentalist party in Gaza. Hizb'Allah is the slightly more fundamentalist party in Lebanon.

Both came to power in part due to blowback against Israel's operations in Gaza and Lebanon.

Any spelling errors?
still lacking a single substantive argument you dumb asshole- and that's why you are being flamed you pathetic troll twat.
If you bothered to read you would notice this all started with your dumb ass trolling my citated comment with nothing to back it up- which is when the name calling starts.
People that treat me with respect get treated with respect, as you will notice.
I clarify why Israel is a cancer deserving of termination. Israel have the history of treachery carried out by Mossad, Shin Bet, etc.

Why would I see *everything* as Israeli conspiracy? That's your deduction. I know Arabic and Central Asian states have problems, but they are not a threat to Israel (despite chest-beating rhetorics) until the attack is realized, then the total war in on.

You can believe that Israel isn't, as you put it, "genesis of all things evil in the ME". I believe Israel is evil because it is ambitious.

You should know about Israel's desire ([60 Minutes segment](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XUmbhtwo74) I posted on YT) to attack Iranian nuclear reactors to "stop" Iran's natural right to produce atomic energy for peaceful use under the guideline of NPT.

Israel is already an illegitimate regime for not only its frequent disregard for human rights in the treatment of Palestinians (uprooting, bulldozing, displacing and torture &amp; murder) but also its refusal to sign NPT to account for its nuclear development and possession of nuclear arsenal. Of course Pakistan and India, both nuclear powers, declined to sign the treaty.

You don't think there will be an attack on Iran? It's bound to happen in the next two years, with or without Bush-Cheney administration. John McCain and Hillary Clinton are insane enough to call for war on Iran to "obliterate" that nation. They do not hide the ambition of being a war president.

I wish nothing but contempt for Israeli state, and its days will be numbered when it dare to touch Iran in violating the sovereignty.
I love it- donwmodding the truth you can't handle, the peasants pastime.
I am always amazed, when I discover that there are still people who believe everything they read. You're on the INTERNETS, mate, you can't possibly be that naive. If you believe that a jewish person tells you on reddit that his people runs the US, it's clear how you would believe the elders of zion protocols, the fairy fantasies about Khazaria and the shocking tales of the Pallywood.
In the end it's your choice. I'm not trying to prove anything, just amusing myself on a rainy day.
excellent argument, fantastic citations, you are truly a scholar of your time.

Oh wait you are a dumb fuck. And destined to stay that way for life since your love of ignorance is so brutally strong.
Dude, it's way, way less complicated than that.  If a bunch of Mexicans settled a part of the United States and then got a note from the Queen of England and the UN security council that said whatever plot of America they settled is now "New Azatlan" or something, and the local army/militia/street gang reads a "declaration of independence" that would be all the cause in the world that  the USA military would need to attack and stop them from taking our land.  It would still be our land no matter how successful the new atzatlanders were at defending their occupation of it.
unfortunately for Israel that story is true.
care to explain how you can follow judaic law and commit holocaust against the arabs?

If Israelis followed the talmud instead of their greed- they would leave palestine or at least respect the palestinians.
cyberdogg,

That piece you wrote crosses a moral bright line between legitimate criticism of a belligerent aggressor and simple plain bigotry.   If you can't get it through your head that all Jewish people are not the same and that two that don't know each other are not responsible for the actions of others, you'll always come off as an ignorant racist with ideas little deserving of respect.
I feel your pain. It's certainly disappointing to come up with all those rehashed arguments from some kook blog and then to see that your opponent doesn't give a fuck whatsoever.
Arabs are Jews, and Jews are Arabs. Confusing, isn't it?
Have you lost a son in the war in Iraq? If not, then why are you saying things like
&gt; You sir are a waste of skin, a human garbage if you will.

To add some rhetoric salt to a discussion?
Yep, those Megaphone articles which make it to the reddit top are really getting on me nervers. So many posts that praise Israel here.
Damn Megaphoners.
YES!!!!!!!!
you forgot one part to your fairy tale-
and they all lived happily ever after, the end.

there will be no peace until Israel is dismantled and returned to the palestinians- something obvious that has been staring the world in the face- but only for the past SIXTY years.. that's how long this illegal occupation has been going on of land that was occupied by arabs for 1,300 years.

they will fail.


here are some of the peaceful things Israel has been doing with syria, btw- to pop a hole in your balloon of bullshit-

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAO-aM2HmZA
The same way I don't consider New Zealand existing to be a cause for war.  I would argue that there is a better case for war against New Zealand's founding than for Israel's.
Hey, malcontent is the funniest commenter on reddit, even if his range of comments can be somewhat limited to a "typical jew" and "jewish morality". For some reason it's funny.
LOL
divide and conquer, by way of deception make war- problem is everyone with a brain is now wise to Israeli deception and the clock is now ticking on their illegal empire. their time is up.
Man, you're unbelievably funny. Me gustas mucho. Sigue por favor.
your comment makes sense in the vaccuum of your understanding of the Israel issue, but not in the context of Israel's long history of deception and genocide.
Israel is the same as the nazi occupation of poland- it's not something you negotiate with- based on what respect they have shown to their agreements and treaties in the past.
The surrounding arab countries are only going through the motions of peace talks to avoid being attacked by the USA, and also to continue USA financial aid to help defray years of brutal occupation by the us and british in their war torn countries.

Please take the time to read up on every israeli "agreement" and then notice how it is always renegged on, and worse more advancement into gaza.. etc...
fair would be not illegally invading and occupying stolen land and murdering all the inhabitants.

Fair is funny that way.
Calling Hezbollah an enemy of the Israeli government but not of Israelis is just semantics.  If you took a poll in Israel, do you really think that Israelis would make the ridiculous distinction that you are trying to make?  What foreign occupier is Hezbollah fighting?  Israel isn't occupying Lebanon.  When Hezbollah crosses into Israel and attacks it, it isn't resisting anything.  It is the aggressor, not the other way around.  The last couple of weeks in Lebanon should make it very clear what Hezbollah's intentions are.  Resistance groups don't turn their guns on their fellow countrymen.

I also support a two-state solution.  I honestly believe that occupying Gaza and the West Bank were huge strategic mistakes and must absolutely be remedied for Israel to have a positive future.  That being said,  Hamas is a force to be reckoned with on the Palestinian side, and no one seems to be able to blunt their influence on Palestinian policy.  They do not accept Israel in any form, their goal is total conquest and they make this very clear.  This is not a position that Israel can negotiate from.  Hamas has to at least accept the concept of an Israeli country in some form for any progress to be made.  Barring this there will never a resolution.
understatement of the century? ;-)
Remember folks- israel is the size of new jersey- take a picture while it still exists- it won't be here much longer...
yes international law.
let's talk about international law and Israel...
on one corner of their mouth- they claim it is their right to exist, but out of the other corner of their mouth they claim international law does not apply to them.

All of Israel is guilty of serious war crimes under international law- here's just a few examples...

The international consensus, excepting the U.S. in some cases, is that

    * The annexation of the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem are illegal and not recognized by international law [3] [4]
    * The West Bank and Gaza are "occupied," because:
          o They were captured by force of arms and against the will of their populations.
          o The residents in these areas were stateless.
          o Israel has put the territories under military rather than civilian administration, creating a de facto state of occupation. [5]
    * Non-Jewish residents who reject Israeli citizenship and/or hegemony have the right to self-determination.

Israel is also guilty of genocide, use of illegal weapons, illegal attacks on citizens,  use of collective punishment, acts of war against her neighbors..  etc.. etc... etc..

So you are right- international law is important.
Let's respect it and disband Israel immediately and hold them accountable for their war crimes.

BTW- the same goes for the USA in relation to their claims of international law and the illegal occupation of Iraq- a war we are fighting for Israel.


More war crimes of israel under international law:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/5276626.stm

http://www.arabnews.com/?article=105886

http://www.mediamonitors.net/francis7.html

http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3278907,00.html

http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=va&amp;aid=2950
Yeah, I just don't get it.  There's no moral justification in allowing followers of one religion out of the myriads to immigrate, but no one else.  That's bigotry plain and simple.
Sorry, I can´t add that up; seems you have a screw missing...
wow dude. you really think Israel isn't overjoyed about a huge massive american military force right next door making permanent bases for flight missions over her neighbors?
What the fuck!!!

Israel has been participating in the torture of prisoners over there they love it so much.

It's also a great scam to quietly fly tons and tons of american weapons over to Israel under the pretense that they are in Iraq.

shiiiit. The oil is just one small part of the picture dude- this is imperialism and Israel infestation of american democracy- using the american war machine to fight Israel's wars because americans are too stupid and mentally lazy to know what is going on.
yes to attack Iran is to not only destroy israel- but there will be attacks on USA as well.. this man said it best-

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XQan1qo8T4
A general rule of thumb - if it doesn't follow the will of the american people- there is a high chance the Israelis are behind it.
Not sure what you mean by "coming to power" considering they hold about 10% of seats in Lebanese parliament. The majority of people are heavily opposed to their fundamentalist ideology - this should be obvious from their incredibly low representation in parliament and perpetual internal strife with other sectarian groups.  

That said, you were wrong - no reason to get butt-hurt about it.  I'm not here to check your spelling, either. Use a spellchecker.
the entire state of israel is an illegal occupation that would make hitler proud, since they use all of his tactics.
are you so ignorant as to not comprehend Israel can no longer be trusted to hold good on her word?
Every single treaty with them has been broken- by Israel, for no other reason than greed and love of genocide.
Please review all the confrontations and escalations in the region- you will notice a recurring thread-
arabs do what israel wants.. israel turns up the heat.
resistance against a foreign invader... it's natural, and not to be blamed one bit. Palestinians have every right to do to israel what israel did to them, with interest.
upmodded to counter those that couldn't handle the truth.
please read more on the history of the region. the palestinians have tried for peace several times- and Israel keeps taking more land and killing more palestinians.
hey asshole- debate the topic and stop with your ad hominem attacks.

Censorship- the israeli debate method.
there is now a law that if you are not a patriotic israeli they can revoke your citizenship.
kewl censorship huh?
idiot.

and a lazy ass idiot at that.

http://news.google.ch/news?hl=en&amp;lr=&amp;as_qdr=all&amp;resnum=0&amp;q=finkelstein&amp;um=1&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;sa=N&amp;tab=wn
bjtuna- is this the only argument you know?
it seems to be all you are capable of saying.

Next time- try a logical statement, followed by a citation to back up your argument. It's what non-apes do, raise your ambitions and join the human race.
so he's obviously a terrorist right? :-P /s
If israel had the swastika on its flag it would be far more accurate in relation to how it operates.
zesus? is that like son of zeus? :-)
I mean, to get banned even on a leftie liberal site that's no mean feat! It deserves a special award. Like being told by a homeless that you stink.
every quotation of that guy so far has been proven to be an israeli reporter playing on american ignorance.. later to be found out to be false, and then never retracted by the paper, run by an israeli no doubt.

http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2006/jan/16/broadcasting

http://www.antiwar.com/orig/norouzi.php?articleid=11025

http://commentisfree.guardian.co.uk/jonathan_steele/2006/06/post_155.html
because a democracy allows criticism, and in fact criticism is the very core of democracy?
yeah.. because of that.
"There is only one claim to the land of israel for the jews, and that is one of heritage."

???

What the hell kind of claim is that?  9 out of 10 archaeologists and DNA researchers agree there is a 75% chance my ancestors lived here between 2,500 and 3,000 years ago.  Seriously?
What the fuck do you mean??? IF????
HELLOOOOOO SHEEEPLE!!!!!

No fly list targets activists in case you had not heard. Based on their SPEECH.

http://www.inthesetimes.com/issue/27/02/feature3.shtml

WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
their favorite form of debate is censorship and murder of the debater.
good self description there rcglinsk.

Why the hell don't you read a book sometime or maybe watch something with pretty pictures that will educate your submoron mind??

Also -for anyone that does not understand how completley BRAINWASHED america has been in relation to facts on Israel- please watch this-

http://ca.youtube.com/watch?v=QhWuy0_VVwo&amp;feature=related


http://www.commondreams.org/views06/0507-23.htm
Go ahead refute them. Show one shred of evidence that Dershowitz's examples in this particular letter are wrong. It will give you a chance to show your merits as the "amateur historian" you pretend to be instead of the bilious reddit hack you've shown yourself to be.
You take yourself and the interwebz very seriously, don't you?
and you are repeating more of the same- an ignorant cunt, not debating the topic, or listing anything to back up any argument...
kindly do the world a favor and die, it will clean up the gene pool.
ancestors, heritage.

Look up the definition of both words.
you are so stupid you are agreeing with me and you don't even know it.
BTW- that ancient reign of jews lasted 73 years.
you are still a dumb piece of shit that has yet to debate the topic and continues with the ad hominem attack- showing that you are the dumbest of dumb pieces of shit when it comes to debate and communication of ideas...
rock on your fucking submoron.
Just get yourself sterilized and don't dirty up the gene pool with your shitty lack of brainpower.
actually you have a brain missing.
look up the word agnostic you horse's ass.
chupa me pene? :-P
You still have yet to list a single citation to back up your misguided opinion- and I get the feeling you are also too goddamn lazy and stupid to read mine.
Continue on with your ignorance you fucking ape- just don't bother attacking me personally as if I was as stupid, ignorant and uninformed as your pathetic ass.
I also suggest you learn how to debate a topic since you have not listed a single valid argument, or a single citation... just a bunch of personal attacks which is the battlecry of the moron.
dumb fucker- back to sleep now.
you have yet to list a single valid argument or citation ass monkey- you are the moron in this conversation.. please learn how to read and research and back up your opinions instead of being part of the peasant echo chamber.
Are you getting mad, cupcake?
Do you really expect that someone will really argue with you? A normal person doesn't debate with a crazy cookie one, he ridicules him.
That's how you wish your sister good night? Yeah, the inbreds' life can be tough at times
Just when I started to develop a hope... (
downmodding my comments is probably the single source of pleasure in your sorry miserable loser life. that's why, out of compassion, I leave you another comment that you can downmod.
Why? The music lends the site "authenticity".
It's not bigotry. It's the truth.

You cannot handle the truth. I have done research by perusing books such as *The Thirteenth Tribe*, unlike you.
Hamas has agreed to recognize Israel in their 1967 borders. You're like from another planet, honestly; and continuing this discussion here is a waste of my time.
Yeah, all those celebrities are related!
In that case I would find your response was very reasonable.
I don't want to be thought of as a quibbler, but is Norm all that poor? He's lived a life that's been pretty pedal to the metal, and really bowed to no one. He has a least a few qualities necessary for a Mosiach. On the flag of Israel, the Star of David refers to a legend where a young man beats a colossal giant with just a slingshot and a stone. This is after countless attempts by masses of soldiers using advanced weapons. In this parable of the virtue of precision, integrity and belief, we also see that success can come salvation from where we expect it the least. I suspect that Herzl, the founder of Zionism,  who called himself a Palestinophile originally, were he alive today would have respect for Finkelstein and enjoy his conversation and company.
No. :-P /s
If they flew it upside down, that would be good enough to depict it's current state. :-)
So, because Finkelstein didn't agree with the decision, it must be an unfair one... Because everyone else at DePaul's decision is tainted by political motives and nobody on the tenure board has any respect for academic freedom. But Finkelstein does, and only speaks the truth and adheres to every academic rigor despite what his colleagues at DePaul said.. Everyone is part of the Israel cabal, and everybody is a traitor - except Finkelstein. Right...

From your article:
&gt;In a statement Father Holtschneider said the outside attention paid to Mr. Finkelstein’s bid for tenure “was unwelcome and inappropriate and had no impact on either the process or the outcome of this case.” He added: “Some will consider this decision in the context of academic freedom. In fact academic freedom is alive and well at DePaul.”

Great job cherrypicking quotes to support your argument. You should be commended.
Of course the majority of both Lebanese and Palestinians dislike religious fundamentalists.

But they dislike corrupted lickspittles even more.

Israel miscalculated and thought they could manipulate the Palestinian and Lebanon political parties. Now they have True Believers dedicated to their destruction in government in both places. Slick move, Israel.
yawn.

go troll for israel somewhere else.
there you go.
I don't know how you come up with this.  Hezbollah has always had support among radical Shi'i circles, but they did not take advantage of that and participate in Lebanese politics until finally caving in under Syrian pressure.  This has nothing to do with "Blowback from Israeli manipulation of Lebanese politics" like you claim, and everything to do with Syrian influence over Lebanese militant groups and their subsequent entry into politics after the end of the civil war (started by Muslim-Christian violence, by the way, before you try to pin that on Israeli agents.) 

Hezbollah's level of support in the Lebanese parliament has not changed in 15 years, and the story you are trying to conjure up about 'True Believers' (I don't even know what that means) is nothing but a fantasy.  This is particularly obvious considering you are not mentioning any specific events but simply spouting out rhetoric based on made-up affairs, like your claim of extensive Israeli manipulation of Lebanese politics.

Long story short, my advice to you is to pick up a book, and start reading about the history of the region.
my comment more in reference to the tactics they use- the same as ol douchebage adolph- but I get your joke.
all the while you never realizing what a fucking twit you are and what a waste of space when it comes to a logical debate...
oh shut up you ridiculous douche.
Your comments are simple proof positive that you are the crazy fuckwit that can't debate for shit. as you were, assmonkey.
are you getting dumber? wait, that's probably impossible.
cyberdogg2, may I suggest you refrain from writing any more essays and linking to them? If not for the sake of dailykos or reddit, do it for the sake of humanity. If not for humanity, consider doing it for the sake of your cause, whatever it happens to be.
I think we'd all agree you are trying. Trying very hard. You use many big words in long incomprehensible sentences. You have many pretty pictures and youtube videos attesting to your painstaking "fact finding" work. It's a long "essay". Anyone can see it easily took you a couple hours to put it together. It truly stands as a monument to your hard work.

But let's face it. Let's be honest with ourselves, if only for a second. Your prose is laughable. You use big words like a sixth grader uses beads in art class. Your sentences start in one place and end in Albuquerque, without having turned left. I, as many other readers I'm sure, can scarcely believe you are capable of formulating a single coherent thought after reading this pile of words you call an essay. Your essay doesn't so much as make a point, any point. Instead it emanates a dull, boorish hate in the way a steaming pile of shit emanates its stench.
Sadly, pretty shit is still shit. Your juvenile pictures and videos are at best tangentially relevant to what it is I think you think you are saying.

In summary, for the sake of whatever cause it is you think you are furthering, let other people do the writing. You are obviously destined for a different sort greatness. Or not.
there is now a law that if you, you. if it? yet. huh?
Really you are making all jews look silly.
Everybody was on board for that deal. All the arabs including the palestenians.

Israel rejected the deal because they don't want peace.
You do hate semites there is no question about that.
&gt;According to international law, Israel has the right to exist and not be attacked and undermined by its neighbors.

Their neighbors have the same right. 

&gt;Guess what? Killing and oppressing people is the specialty of every Middle Eastern government. 

Thank you for being brave enough to admit that israel is no better than iraq, iran, syria or egypt. It's refreshing to hear that from a zionist.

&gt;The ironic thing is that even with this terrible conflict with the Palestinians, Israel is by far the most productive, free country in the Middle East.

Not even close. Turkey for example is more free, more secular, more democratic and more productive.

&gt;They've done more good than every other country in the region combined.

Nonsense. All they have done is to kill and torture people for forty years.
Na, just a certain type...as do you :)
&gt;They could have had their freedom on day one if they had so chosen. 

Nope.

&gt;he Israelis were actually fighting for their lives in 1948, the Palestinians are suffering the consequences of a mind numbingly stupid strategy that is clearly not going to succeed.

You are justifying the killing of palestenians today because of what somebody did in 1948.  Jewish morality in action.

&gt;There are significantly better strategies for gaining freedom than what the Palestinians engage in.

Yea. Israel could end it's occupation.
I love semites.
So you don't consider jews semites?
I suppose a few of them are.
we already covered that friendski, try to keep up


are you suggesting i need to stop ridiculing angry reddit tards?
I'm from Earth, where are you from?  Show me where Hamas says they accept Israel and are willing to sign a peace treaty if Israel pulls back to the 1967 borders.

Seriously, I want you to show it to me.  A temporary cease fire is not the same thing as Hamas permanently accepting Israel.
I see where you're coming from now, you had me concerned there for a second.
&gt;are you suggesting i need to stop ridiculing angry reddit tards?

You can do whatever you want. I am just saying in the process of doing whatever it is you think you are doing you are making jews look stupid.

Perhaps you should reconsider your tactics.
not really something that concerns me.. i think i'm having too much fun watching stupid people get riled up over it to give a damn
&gt;not really something that concerns me.

Ok man. Just trying to help.

If you want to make jews look stupid be my guest.
consider it my way of trying to bridge the jews with the jew haters
Actually the Israelis were relatively enthusiastic about it as a jumping off point for further negotiations.  The Palestinians, specifically Hamas, refused to consider that plan regardless of what you say.

[Here is a link](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2008/03/28/africa/ME-GEN-Palestinians-Arab-Summit.php)

Who doesn't want peace?
&gt; Their neighbors have the same right.

And?

&gt; Thank you for being brave enough to admit that israel is no better than iraq, iran, syria or egypt. It's refreshing to hear that from a zionist.

You read what you want to read.  Israel is significantly better than all of those countries.

&gt; Not even close. Turkey for example is more free, more secular, more democratic and more productive.

Yeah, let me go ask some Kurds what they think.

&gt; Nonsense. All they have done is to kill and torture people for forty years.

Right, that's all they have done.  Serious focus indeed.
If they murdered all of the inhabitants, I assume there are no Arabs left in present day Israel.

Hmmm, I wonder who all those people pretending to be Arabs are?
Feel free to prove any of these assertions you're making.
Just off of the top of my head....

Cuba

Is that Israel's fault too?
Well someone had to bring up Hitler eventually, congratulations.  I generally like to think that means you've run out of bullshit to spout and are just going back to the basics.

HITLER!!! HOLOCAUST!!! GENOCIDE!!!

totally the same.....right
&gt; Nope.

What do you mean nope? Yep is the word you're looking for.

&gt; You are justifying the killing of palestenians today because of what somebody did in 1948. Jewish morality in action.

No. I'm saying that their inability to do what was in their best interest has led them down a tragic road.  It is not a justification, it is cause and effect. They rejected a state and decided to fight Israel instead.  That hasn't worked out very well.  The legacy of that failure is the present day conflict.

Jewish morality?  Thanks, now I know where you're coming from.

&gt; Yea. Israel could end it's occupation.

On this we actually agree.  However, the counterpoint to that is Hamas must accept Israel's permanent existence.
&gt;You read what you want to read. Israel is significantly better than all of those countries

Not according to you. According to you they are the same. 

&gt;Yeah, let me go ask some Kurds what they think.

Compare the treatment of the kurds in turkey to the treatment the palestenians in the west bank and gaza.

The difference is stark.

&gt;Right, that's all they have done. Serious focus indeed.

Are you claiming that israel has not killed or tortured anybody in the last forty years?
&gt;No. I'm saying that their inability to do what was in their best interest has led them down a tragic road. 

So you hold israel completely blameless for the occupation. The only reason the occupation is ongoing is that palestenians made a decision in 1948.

&gt;However, the counterpoint to that is Hamas must accept Israel's permanent existence.

Arafat did that. It didn't get him anything.
Back then hamas was not a major power. They hadn't been elected into govt. They were not in charge of anything.

The PLO was in charge. 

Israel's refusal to make peace ended up empowering hamas and undermining the PLO.
You've just used "fucking twit" and "logical debate" in the same sentence. EPIC FAIL
I'm sorry, I see that I touched a nerve there
Sorry, I can't make much sense out of this.
That's a real shame.
You don't tell me to refrain.

Your opinion is as asinine as your asshole.

Your preening arrogance is typical of a pompous person who act like an uptight English professor.

You have the inability to grasp comprehension in sentence structure, let alone the whole point of the essay, which indicate you truly have shit for brains.
malcontent, noxyu fits the definition of flamebait. The tone of English styling (frequent reference to "retards") indicate immaturity.

noxyu is a typical idiot on Reddit. I've dealt with countless morons who display ignorance and derision on Digg, Reddit and even IMDb.com message boards. 

Thanks for taking noxyu to task, but, as you know, he has shit for brains.
sup cyberdawg

in your infinite wisdom, you replied to the wrong person

p.s. you write any more shitty articles today?


This Cancerous Tumor Must Be Terminated!!

hahahahahahhahahaha
It's intentional.

You sound like ghetto trash. Maybe Jewish Mafia will whack you.
It is a good thing that no other country in the world ever punishes speech. Well except the U.S. And England. And France and Germany and Italy and Spain. But except them. Well them and every other country.
you replied to me, but addressed the message to malcontent?

you're an even bigger retard than i thought

which is quite the feat to accomplish, considering i've already read your writing
You're pretty dense for a child troll.
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAO-aM2HmZA
"

Israel bombs a nuclear facility secretly set up in Syria and this proves... what?

"there will be no peace until Israel is dismantled and returned to the palestinians- something obvious that has been staring the world in the face- but only for the past SIXTY years.. that's how long this illegal occupation has been going on of land that was occupied by arabs for 1,300 years."

Yeah, there was tons of peace in the middle east before Israel. 

Sorry to pop a bubble in your ballon of bullshit, but you forget apparently 8,000 years of history.
Cherry picking examples doesn't really prove much. 

I wouldn't suggest that the America is impervious to corruption and control by the wealthy, but I wouldn't believe in the all powerful super oligarchy you're trying to suggest. 

The systems to fight tyranny in America are im place, the problem is 90% of the population doesn't give a shit to use them against so called 'injustice'.
That's bullshit. Arafat pulled out of the Oslo accords at the last second, leaving the negotiating table altogether. The PLO and the PAlestinians were fucked over by one stupid old fucktard called Arafat.
what were the 1967 and 1973 wars all about then?
You sound like a fucking war monger.

 If Israel were really as evil as you want to believe it is, the Palestinians would have been wiped out in 1948, egypt would be half its size, and Jordan and Syria would be quivering in fear of being nuked.

Unoftunately reality doens't hold up. 

Jordan is quite comfortable with Israel, Syria apparently is negotiating peace in exchange for the Golan heights, and ISrael returned the Sinai for full peace with Egypt. And the Palestinian population is et to double in then ext ten years.

so again, you too, should fuck off. You're not helping.
Israel's back hasn't been broken in 60 years and 3 attempts of Arabs trying to wipe it out. 

Asking for slack is just coutesty, what people on reddit think I highly doubt will hurt Israelis feelings much. 
Actually, I ask for some slack mainly because Israel is painted black by a bunch of kettles.
&gt;That's bullshit. Arafat pulled out of the Oslo accords at the last second, leaving the negotiating table altogether.

So? That was before this deal was on the table. When this deal was on the table he was on board and by that time he had already recognized israel's right to exist.

Are you really proposing that israel never achieve peace because of what happened in oslo?


&gt;The PLO and the PAlestinians were fucked over by one stupid old fucktard called Arafat.

Yea. Israel had nothing to do with it.
I don't need to cherry pick to prove the point son.
If you have a disagreement with a rich guy- he is allowed to purchase the best lawyer in the land.
Your ability to defend yourself is based on your income.
Nuff said- it is THAT SIMPLE.
America- best justice money can buy.
I guess you missed that bombing syria is an act of war, a provocation especially heinous after the atrocities in lebanon.

Did you forget about lebanon too?

I guess you missed that conflict in the middle east was a result of the attacks from the vatican on the empires that had previously allowed several faiths to live side by side?
I think I know who is rewriting/forgetting history- and it ain't me.
not when talking to a fucking twit like yourself that through the entire thread, has not added to the debate in any way shape or form.
Fucking twit.
buddy, I'm afraid they will fire my ass if I continue laughing that loud while reading your comments. come on.
hahahahahahahhha


"your opinion is as asinine as your asshole"


i'm starting to feel bad for making fun of cyberdogg


i think he might seriously be disabled/mentally challenged
Not me. Israel is a warmongering nation. Militarism is its lifeblood. It constantly sounds alarm on Iran for developing nuclear reactors while hypocritically operating  a nuclear reactor in Dimona.

You will see what will happen with Iran. When the war is on, Israel deserves to, paraphrasing the [false claim](http://www.antiwar.com/orig/norouzi.php?articleid=11025) of the media, get wiped off the map.

You fuck off for sympathizing with Zionism. Israel will see destruction as an aggressor and I applaud its future extinction.
Like I said before, judging your immature behavior, your infantile existence deserve being wiped out by post-collapse chaos or nuke.

You think you're smart for mocking disabled and mentally challenged by constant reference to "retard"? You deserve brain damage in accident or beatdown, let's see how that works for you, child.
oh god, please just put a bullet between my eyes if i ever go through the same accident, beatdown, or lobotomy you went through to become the way you are 

having said that, little man, i really do feel bad for making fun of someone with your diminished mental capacity
You are afflicted with superiority complex.

Kindly shoot yourself so the world is better off without troll children slinging steaming feces on Reddit.
VERY entertaining that you bring those wars up.
Time to crack open the history book and revisit them-
Israel started the war of 1967 because it didn't like the idea of a possible economic blockade from egypt. There was no act of war present- but Israel went ahead and started the war anyways.
Also of note on the war of 1967- Israel attacked and sank the USS Liberty for no reason other than to create a media blackout on the war crimes it was committing against the arabs in the area(it was more or less of a spy ship to monitor the war-they knew it was a USA ship, and it was not in Israeli waters- but they attacked it mercilessly). 
http://www.thepatrioticgentleman.com/The-USS-Liberty-incident/The-USS-Liberty-incident1.html
So again- Israel comitted 4 acts of war against 4 different countries- with no act of war to justify her psychotic slaughter.

The USA ignored the intentional murder of its' servicemen and sinking of one of her ships because Israel was an important chesspiece on the world stage against Russia.

1973- more of the same Israeli psychosis.
Both sides accuse each other of firing the first shot- but the whole purpose of the war of 1973 was to take back the precious land...

STOLEN IN 1967.
Look at the map of where the troops were trying to get to- it's the land stolen in 1967.- remember- Israel started the war of 1967- which was Israel comitting 4 pre-emptive acts of war- one against the USA and one against egypt, jordan and syria.

http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/History/73_War.html

So.. the more you learn about History- the more you will be wondering why Israel is allowes to exist any longer. And the less sympathy you have for the tired horse shit that israel is "defending" herself.
It's a rabid dog that must be put to sleep.

Here's a normal day in Israel-
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tW1-_JmXQt0&amp;feature=related
not really hard to feel superior to a sack of dog shit like you

do me a favor, send me a message when you write another shitty blog post so i can come make fun of it
You are pretty much a sack of alligator shit.

Shitty blog post? Have you ever contributed substantially to the Internet in knowledge?

If not, your intellectual faculty is empty.
You wanna make fun of my post?

Try these:

[Nabbed!!! Iranian intelligence catch CIA network of saboteur thugs](http://www.wakeupfromyourslumber.com/node/6840)

[Why Hollywood is DUMB - glorification of MOSSAD in the new Zionist Adam Sandler comedy movie](http://www.wakeupfromyourslumber.com/node/6884)

You're too lazy to bother pressing "caps lock" or "shift" buttons for proper capitalization, so that makes your "clever" comments criticizing my English skills worthless.
I'm not sure if your comparison to an English professor is a compliment or not. Ordinarily, I would find it very flattering. However, considering your expressive abilities I suspect your English professors were not very good. In any case, let me assure you that I am not an English professor. Far from it.

However, I do believe an English lesson is due.
May I suggest you look up the meaning of the word 'asinine'? You might find it has nothing to do with your backside.
I'm also quite surprised you find it unusual I have the "inability to comprehend comprehension in sentence structure". I would guess nobody can.

You are quite a talent. You've managed to prove my point in 4 sentences. Impressive.

Summary:
Dumb Dumb dumb dumb- you.
Arabs are Jews, and Jews are Arabs.
Israel had nothing to do with it.
I don't know how you come up with this.
Israel did not start that war with Syria.
You read what you want to read.
read a book, read a book, read a motherfucking book.
You don't think there will be an attack on Iran?
Yeah, I just don't get it.
why would he want to?
So, Arabs are Jews then?
That's the part most people don't get.
Well, no, I did some reading about him, actually.
Thanks, now I know where you're coming from.
I can't believe he said that.
Israel is in the wrong how?
I don't really want to get into the politics of it.
Israel rejected the deal because they don't want peace.
there is now a law that if you, you.
Syria have the right to get back its land.
A Jew doesn't have to be an Israeli to be Jewish.
he's not returning to israel.
Israel wants the best deal all to themselves.
so again, you too, should fuck off.
You're the one who said it was a good point.
Syria initiated a war against Israel.
It is racist Jews in Israel who want to see the Palestinians leave.
im an israeli, and this guy can go fuck himself.
Right, that's all they have done.
What good does it do Israel if they (other Arab countries) accepted this so called peace deal only to have the Palestinians not be part of it?
I know you want all the Jews to leave, but don't get your hopes up just yet.
It didn't get him anything.
Don't I fucking dare what?
Israel is occupying the Palestinians land, making them live like dogs, and you know it.
So you don't consider jews semites?
If you don't know it, I'm very sorry for you personally.
That's exactly what I was looking for.
&gt; im an israeli, and this guy can go fuck himself.
Palestinians have every right to do to israel what israel did to them, with interest.
Name more than 4 Jews living in Israel.
You will see what will happen with Iran.
Why would I see *everything* as Israeli conspiracy?
Israel could end it's occupation.
to a person that tried to defend Jews.
If you want to take it as one feel free.
Israel is giving up territory for peaceful relations.
Well them and every other country.
I am just saying in the process of doing whatever it is you think you are doing you are making jews look stupid.
You can do whatever you want.
I think you and the people voting you up need to do some reading.
But good to see that you don't like to be called a Nazi.
Israel is significantly better than all of those countries.
you are so stupid you are agreeing with me and you don't even know it.
- You said
&gt; if anybody is acting like a nazi these days, it is Israel.
You can call me a Jew; just don't call me your friend.
Hezbollah is fighting against foreign occupiers, which you were trying to say they don't have the right to do.
Right, because you have been making some great points.
So fuck off, you're not helping.
The same way I don't consider New Zealand existing to be a cause for war.
You know, he of the pro Israel Lobby?
They see but one thing: we have come and we have stolen their country.
It is the Palestinians, not the other Arab countries, that have to say yes to a peace deal with Israel concerning specific borders.
Or is it the fact that he doesn't like Israel?
You know WHY he was denied tenure right?
I would agree that the Palestinians have a right to self determination, I would not agree that they have the right to try and destroy Israel in its entirety.
In that case I would find your response was very reasonable.
How do you not consider Israel existing to be a cause for war?
Maybe it has to do with them founding the state of Israel, dumb fuck?
What the fuck do you mean???
israel is clearly not interested in peace.
I myself don't use that term any longer.
if anybody is acting like a nazi these days, it is Israel.
That's something you have to deal with.
You think the lack of a peace deal with Syria is what would stop the Israelis if they thought they needed to strike Iran?
Ha`aretz is like Israel's New York Times.
Promise me one thing that when Israel is destroyed, it will mean a very bad day?
Sorry, I can't make much sense out of this.
I never said this, OK?
So you don't mind being called filthy as long as I don't call you a Jew.
I would guess nobody can.
I personally don't think there will be an attack on Iran, so your scenario (even if one was to believe it) will not come to pass.
I did not call for the murder of millions of people.
Seriously, I want you to show it to me.
"There is only one claim to the land of israel for the jews, and that is one of heritage."
if you just look at Israel's history you can see that your statement is ridiculous.
According to international law, Israel has the right to exist and not be attacked and undermined by its neighbors.
I see where you're coming from now, you had me concerned there for a second.
Many people, myself included, would call it illegal.
why don't you learn how to debate a topic.
Name more than 4 Jews living in Israel who aren't.
I would argue that there is a better case for war against New Zealand's founding than for Israel's.
I think we'd all agree you are trying.
And it's not just an Israeli conspiracy running the government.
You have no idea what you are talking about.
If you want to make jews look stupid be my guest.
So the law of return would not apply to Mr. Finkelstein.
and if he is criticizing that country, why is it such a big surprise that they dont want to let him in?
Downmodded for not knowing what the fuck you're talking about.
Name more than 4 Jews living in Israel who aren't right wing.
People that treat me with respect get treated with respect, as you will notice.
So you are right- international law is important.
I like how everyone always mentions recent Jewish immigrants, but never mention recent Arab immigrants.
It has nothing to do with his Jewishness as he's obviously not trying to immigrate.
And I agree that anti-semitism is very real.
If not, then why are you saying things like
&gt; You sir are a waste of skin, a human garbage if you will.
He should be free to 'speaches' any way he likes.
Man, let's live it up and stick one in after Israel too!
I didn't mean it as an insult.
Ha'aretz is not Israel's New York Times.
a war on behalf of israel.
I love how free and open speech is fine, as long as you don't say anything negative against right wing Israelis.
Israel is significantly better than all of those countries

Not according to you.
You are right, I got them mixed up.
It means that person is no longer considered Jewish, because they have shown themselves to be an enemy to the Jews.
You are also so goddamned ignorant to think that you are the only semites.
do you speach any other speaches than english?
Israel is no more illegitimate than most countries around the world.
The irony is most israelis are ashkenazi- they are not even real jews.
Do the Palestinians not have the right to defend themselves against a foreign illegal occupier?
When you say foreign illegal occupier, I don't know if you are referencing the post '67 territories or the entire country of Israel.
I believe Israel is evil because it is ambitious.
Did Ahmadinejad say that Israeli Jews should go back to Europe or not?
You sound like a fucking war monger.
at least the world thinks you should.
And I guess you are smart enough to understand what Nazis did to the Jews.
i love how free and open speech is fine, as long as you don't say anything negative against israel.
And I can see how some in Israel might consider his visit to Palestine such a danger.
But that's making the terrible assumption that Israel's a democracy... right?
Yeah, there was tons of peace in the middle east before Israel.
BTW- the same goes for the USA in relation to their claims of international law and the illegal occupation of Iraq- a war we are fighting for Israel.
anyone that can prove their jewish heritage can apply for citizenship of Israel.
This is not a position that Israel can negotiate from.
@1 They just don't like Israel...and they really love useful jews.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 2.04
