Original Response:
I'll be happy to do so.
[deleted]
wrong subreddit
When you do, wear a bulletproof gear and make sure you can run to cover quickly under the sniper fire.
You do it over the phone, not face-to-face.
Give her a call at 3 a.m., put her "experience" to the test!
Should have been under "funny".
Can she run as an independent should she not get the nomination?  (I am asking this seriously)
Exactly what I was thinking!
I'd say all the larger group of democrats that are voting for Obama should be a fairly strong message.
The Dummycrats are happily creating a third political party, why get in the way of that.
Bill can tell Hillary or Hillary can tell Bill.  There is no one left.

EDIT: Clarified
Technically, yes.  Practically, no.  She would need to get on the ballot in all states.  If she just wants to spoil it, she could do it in a few states.  It would probably help Obama if she did.  The people who would vote for her, but not Obama, won't be voting for McCain.
What's the number to call? I'd LOVE to bring her this message, and since i'm on the other side of the planet, it will be close to 3 a.m. when i call.
Please this is not the anti-Hillary subreddit. Please post there.
r/obama
[deleted]
It would be an honor if I could.
r/clinton
I got your back, rick!
[deleted]
Technically, we can burn seawater for energy.
Never wake a sleeping baby!
If her strategy really is the Tonya Harding, "elect McCain and I'll try again in 2012" idea, this would be the way to do it. She couldn't win, but neither could Obama.
Whoever does, might end up on the "list".

http://www.snopes.com/politics/clintons/bodycount.asp
Just throw it out with the bathwater!
the press should (instead of trying to make a 'story' of a possible Clinton comeback)
The press should... press!
Why end a stupid question with a question mark.
It is too early to say this with any confidence, IMHO, but I seriously have to ask who the hell thought this strategy would have any positive consequences given the general mood of this country - a mood which can be described as fear and loathing.  About the economy, about the war, about the very future of US civilization.

If ever there was a time people in the US wanted someone to light a candle rather than curse the darkness, it is now.

I have to wonder just how far out of touch the Clintons must be with the average US citizen right now.  That is worrying.  It should be blatantly obvious to them that being negative in this way is a completely inappropriate strategy if they want to win hearts and minds.  So it's not the negativity that really bothers me as much as the distance from the American public they must have to think this strategy would work.  Do they really misunderstand the average US citizen that much?

Incidentally, while I am, mildly, an Obama supporter, I'll still vote for Ms. Clinton in the general election if she wins the nomination.  I am not anti-Clinton at all - I have an honestly hard time figuring how how much difference there will be for the future of the country, should either get elected.

And I understand that campaigns are pure bullshit - it's putting on a show and telling people what they want to hear.  I don't honestly think I know much about Obama or Clinton through the campaign rhetoric.

But really from a practical standpoint, whoever has been advising her to be this way needs to be fired.  This might have been an appropriate campaign strategy in another era, but not now.  Not when the country is already in a shit mood.
No one.  Just like Traitor Bush, they insulate themselves with ass-kissers.
no, it would be political suicide. but technically she can.
i don't think it will matter who or how many tell her. she'll still think she's winning. its an embarrassment to her and the democratic party.

she's the sole reason republicans are relaxing and enjoying their 'vacation'. they know that while she is in the race that the democratic party will continue to consume itself.

i wish dean would pull her aside in private and tell her "stop. just stop."
[deleted]
The voters of this country will tell her that she's lost.
I'll do it, with a pie in the face.

Bill Gates style.
I always find this problem amusing. Some leaders are just too difficult to confront, and that, obviously, affects their leadership skills. I remember reading about Robert Crandall, the ex-head of American Airlines. Quite the visionary and leader, but he was given no warning about AA's flight attendants going on strike; everyone under him was afraid of telling him it could happen. 

I wonder a lot about Steve Jobs. I have enormous respect for him but I wonder if he sometimes doesn't get the memo because people are afraid to give him news.
Well, at the very latest the second or third round of balloting at the Democratic National Convention where the candidate will be selected by the various state parties. I am thinking that it will probably be on the first ballot at the latest if not before then. 

I think we can all agree that Obama is the most likely winner. And unless something changes should be the winner. However, I do like the idea personally of letting all of the states vote and have an actual say. Mike Huckabee did not withdraw until McCain passed the Republican delegate mark. 

Now is some of the in fighting damaging to the candidates, certainly. However the single most damaging "attack" so far has come not from Hillary but from Obama's past. He has weathered this and seems to be doing OK. We won't really know until we see the next vote.
Loser called, he wants his title back
Vince Foster?

Oh wait, that's right, Hillary already shot him in the back of the head!
For anyone else, it prolly would be political suicide.  But I think the Democrats would take her back after such a run.  I think the Democrats would let her lay out a nice fresh turd right on their tongues, too.
[deleted]
The worldnews subreddit was made to exclude all US election stuff. I'm not amarican and cannot vote for any candidate. I unsubscribed from the main reddit and the politics subreddit to avoid this stuff, but thought that the worldnews subreddit would provide some useful stuff from the rest of the world. It seems like I was wrong!
except she would win states like New York and take a big chunk out of Illinois which would normally be easy wins for Obama.
I don't know many people in Illinois that would vote for Hillary.  She pretty much turned her back on the state.
&gt;But soon someone will need to tell them it's time to step aside.  

&gt;Vernon Jordan could be that person.  

&gt;both Jordan and his wife have bundled over $100,000 for Hillary's campaign. 

Yeah he seems like he'd be motivated to get her to stop.
I don't even believe it's because she thinks she's winning, the Clintons just don't give a shit about the Democratic Party.  They only care for themselves.
If Clinton couldn't beat Obama in Illinois in the primary what makes you think she has a chance to do so in the general election?
I don't think she believes she's winning. She just wants to win at all costs.
Chelsea.  "Mommm!  Please, this is sooo embarassing omg. You're just not, you know, cool, like Obama."
Who Will Tell WasForClinton that "WorldNews" is Not a Synonym for "U.S. Politics I Think Are Important"?
Preferences aside, I thought that was an interesting article.

Hopefully there will be fly-on-the-wall docos being made by all candidates.  Look forward to them.
Yeah me too. Yo! Billary! Ya'll lost!!
Oh no, they are not sitting back at all.  They're attacking Obama as hard as they can.
How about:

Hey! Clinton! You fuckin' lost, girl!

Oh yeah, your husband got his cock sucked by some girl while you were married to him - thought you might want to know so you could divorce him for being a lyi...oh, wait...never mind...so anyway, you lost.

Sorry.

Love Shnookylumps.
America's fucked at the moment - I can't see that changing anytime soon, whomsoever gets in.
Come on MarKos can't you get Dean to endorse Obama? You two are close, aren't you?
Voted down for DailyKos.
Don't do that! She'll "misspeak" because of a lack of sleep!
Press on, rick!
She doesn't have to beat him.  She just has to take away his margin.  That would likely only be a few percent.
I think the "leaders" in the democratic party, Gore, Edwards etc, need to toss in their nods to Obama and hope the rest follow. 

The Clinton's will be in this until the very end regardless of how bad they trash the party. They don't care about anyone but themselves. 

It was a toss up for me between Obama and Clinton until the last couple of months. My issue with Hillary is that I don't know which Hillary would be elected. She changes every primary. She cries, she yells, she scolds I mean who is she really?

And you all know that if she does get into the whitehouse her tune will change and she'll forget about the American people until election time rolls around again. She's just not the real deal.
Monica Lewinsky would be my #1 choice.
who cares about some imaginary list

snopes says it's false, dumba$$
Cheesy yet with a distinct taste of nerdiness.
Voted down because you are a douche.
SUCK MY COCK BITCH!

Sorry the keys are all next to each other.*

I meant, Hillary your out.




*partially stolen from bash.org
Looks like the Obamatrons fear debate and competition. They need to get Hillary out before any more shoes like Rezko and Wright fall.
Former First Kitteh [Socks](http://yeswecanhas.com/2008/03/11/socks-has-a-sperience-too/) could tell them. After all, he's got a sperience too.
Of course, why not?  Maybe as part of a Clinton/Nader ticket (from the spoilsport party). To ensure a Republican victory, you know.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yes, technically, I agree with you, wackjob.
[deleted]
Good, you read it. Then I guess you do, you beacon of flaming fart gas. :)

Summary:
Bill can tell Hillary or Hillary can tell Bill.
I don't think she believes she's winning.
She would need to get on the ballot in all states.
I think we can all agree that Obama is the most likely winner.
I don't know many people in Illinois that would vote for Hillary.
It would be an honor if I could.
But I think the Democrats would take her back after such a run.
Exactly what I was thinking!
It seems like I was wrong!
she'll still think she's winning.
*

I meant, Hillary your out.
I got your back, rick!
no, it would be political suicide.
She couldn't win, but neither could Obama.
She just wants to win at all costs.
It would probably help Obama if she did.
The voters of this country will tell her that she's lost.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
