Original Response:
But of course, this only happened because of the negative media attention Wal-Mart was getting.

They're probably doing the same thing to hundreds of other employees right now, so don't think that they've changed their ethics as a company.
Man, I wish I could get Keith Olbermann to go on national teevee and say that GMAC should just forget about the hundreds of thousands of dollars they lent me.
It's a shame, and I'm upset they dropped this. Now this woman has officially, successfully, double dipped.

She got over $400,000 from Wal-Mart to pay her bills, and then after finishing her suit with her insurance company, got another $400,000.

Her bills only totalled $400,000, so this woman, thanks to the media, is pocketing $400,000.

Pocketing $400,000 that will be directly paid for by everyone of us who decides to shop there.

I don't see this a victory at all. A woman successfully scammed her insurance situation to gift herself $400,000. How is this a victory for consumers and employees?
Why did this happen?  I thought it was in her health insurance that she had to pay them back if she got funds from elsewhere?
I know!

How DARE Wal-Mart hold employees to the letter of the contracts they sign!

How dare Wal-mart pay insurance bills, and ask for their money back when their employees get money from another insurance provider (attempting to charge both companies for the same bills)

Jesus Christ! The Nerve of some companies protecting themselves from employees trying to scam them.
&gt;Her family sued the trucking company and won $700,000. Court records show that after attorney's fees and costs, the remaining $417,477...

WTF ? The damn lawyer took 60 % ???
&gt;Pocketing $400,000 that will be directly paid for by everyone of us who decides to shop there.

Don't shop there?
Based on the news we get to hear on this side of the border, there seem to be so many (ridiculous) lawsuits in the US that it appears like 50% of the population is made up of lawyers. Do you guys ever take time to do things other than suing each other?
25% of math is hard...
Why shouldn't I?

I just picked up a pack of socks for $3. Decent socks too. Look good, decent material and will last for some time. Are they as nice as those $7/pair at department stores? Of course not. But I have decent socks for .50c/pair.

I'm working my way through college and let's face it, Wal-Mart offers hands down the best deals on the majority of household goods.

It's true what they say -- boycotting wal-mart is a luxury for the well off.

But thanks to the media helping an employee scam the company, the prices for everyone will rise. Not noticeably at all, of course, but these things add up.
Yes, but the health insurance forgot to include "you will pay us back even if Keith Olbermann makes you a national cause because you are a pitiable case."

Oh, and it also forgot "Simon says."
Can somebody inform me what Keith Olbermann had to do with this?  I'm sure he brought it up on his show but what was his justification for dropping the lawsuit exactly?
Why, of course we have time for other things. We've successfully pissed off the entire world in a matter of 5 years; that's no easy task, right?
Your insightful reply was refreshing.  As evil as Wal-Mart may be, I think they were actually in the right to want the money back this time.
Why doesn't the judge or plaintiff's attorney make sure that the judgment amount covers both actual expenses and future care in these cases?    Isn't that what "actual damages" means?
She's not 'pocketing money', she's disabled and will need that money for care and to eke out some kind of existence.

Yes, Wal-Mart should have been reimbursed, from the party at fault, not the  disabled victim.
He did a piece on them as 'the worst person in the world' and vowed to keep talking about it every day until they saw the light.
Okay, but what was his argument exactly?
I'll bet the health insurance contract doesn't exactly have this in bold print. The point here is that Walmart was legally "in the right" yet not morally. 


So now Walmart's insurance provider (which is probably them) is in danger of not getting back money paid to out to their insured from legal judgments... so now the other hundreds of thousands of employees Walmart has that get mowed down by buses and become mentally damaged to the point where they need assisted living... yeah, *all* those guys are going to fuck Walmart over.

This is such a stupid argument. Corporations are protected like individuals. If that's the case, how about they start acting human rather than being forced to through bad press.
That Wal-Mart might be legally within their rights to sue for the money, but that it was morally repugnant for them to do so.
Her insurance will continue to care for her as required. She does not have to have TWO healthcare providers paying the same bills.

She had wal-mart pay the bills. Then, when her insurance company saw that and refused, she sued them and won. 

I haven't read anything about 'no future benefits' or that she was removed from her insurance. 

Only that she has an extra 400,000$ that contractually, she shouldn't have.
Congratulations from the state of NY.

Keith Olbermann is the man and yet, the article doesn't even mention his name ?!?!?!
"I have a national TV show and you **will** do what I say."
So the disabled employee's well-being is not as important as your need to buy cheaper socks.  Hey, it's okay to be selfish, but don't hide behind some idealistic bullshit while you're at it.
I'm hardly well off, and I haven't shopped at Wal-Mart in about seven years. I buy most of my personal supplies from Target. A couple of months ago I got curious about just what I was missing out on, so I went to both stores and compared prices. You know how much I would save shopping at Wal-Mart instead of Target? Less than a dollar a month. On most items, Wal-Mart beats Target by a penny. On a few items, Target actually beat the Wal-Mart price by a significant margin. For a dollar a month, I get to shop in a clean store and have a relatively clean conscience.

I agree that Wal-Mart was probably in the right in this particular case, but they've got a lot of bad labor practice karma to work through on this issue. If they hadn't earned their reputation, they wouldn't be getting the kind of media scrutiny they're now getting.
I think CNN's coverage had something to do with it as well.
So the solution is what, then?  Evaluate every contract or agreement through some humanitarian lens?  

While the woman's situation is very sad and the money at stake is nothing to Walmart (and frankly not a great deal for someone who is so profoundly disabled either) what is ultimately "unfair" is that she receives special treatment because of the media coverage and bad PR to Walmart.  

So what about all the other people out there that are coming out on the bad end of a deal or have sad/special circumstances?  Are businesses to provide special one-off deals or give reduced pricing on this basis? Who decides this and how is it decided?  The very point of a contract is that the rules of the game are agreed to in advance.
And your showing your lack of ethics or lack of concern about contracts.

What did you do to help this lady?  Nothing.  You people just want someone else to help people, just never yourselves.
Thank God for PR managers who cringe at negative press to the tune of millions of dollars per year. 

They are the protectors of recurring revenue disguised as evangelists for the little guy. To catch a whiff they tend to pop their heads out only when shite hits the moral fan...the one's that deter this kind of thing prior to bad publicity are the corporate sales reps...who are despised even more for their necessary evils.

Corporate America, I love you. and you hate me :)
As someone else said, Wal-Mart has the *right* to sue, but that doesn't mean that it should have sued.  It's about the richest company on the planet, and it never would have felt the loss of that much money.
Target = Walmart with better marketing
Being in the right doesn't mean it's right.
&gt; Her insurance will continue to care for her as required. 

Or not, her fund is already down to $270k from the $417k her family won in the case.
It's not only that.  This was the corporate medical insurance trust trying to recover the funds.  The fund that all their employees share for medical expenses.  

If they didn't try to recover them, they wouldn't be doing their job of protecting the other millions of people they cover.

This person wasn't trying to scam 
Wal-Mart.  They were trying to scam every Wal-Mart worker that has Wal-Mart's medical insurance.

And they succeeded.
Contracts never matter, unless of course mrmoney finds that they have changed the service and/or pricing on his DSL, cellphone, iTunes DRM.

Then mrmoney would bitch and moan on reddit about how ILLEGAL such contract changes were.
And you think this will affect Walmart how? Prior to 2006, this kind of action Walmart took was extremely difficult for any company to get away with, if not illegal.

The solution is to be of reasonable sound mind before you go about fucking people over and think about what you do. As a result, bad press occurs.

Yes, I absolutely feel people should be scrutinized for their actions. The woman should be scrutinzed for not understanding her policy, her lawyer should be scrutinized for not protecting her, and Walmart should be scrutinized for taking action to get this money back *under the circumstances*. It wasn't like some preprogrammed webbot that takes action X after some condition happens. People had to take an effort to "protect the interests of the company". I'm sorry, but I still believe since corporations are legally protected as individuals are, then they should act fucking human.

Walmart can indeed "take the hit" on this one or any other that will come along - these cases are *not common*.

I'm not saying it isn't unfair to Walmart. It very well may be. But damn, the woman is mentally retarded. They are in a position to do the right thing. They have confused "maximum profits" with the "right thing" in this case.
Oh contracts matter.  Contracts with your employer are one of the few things protecting you from getting scammed by your employer.  Countries that don't enforce contracts generally are countries with sweatshops.  Next time you think about how contracts protect you, note how your paycheck gets paid and how if it didn't, the first thing you'd think about is suing BASED ON THE TERMS OF YOUR CONTRACT.
Target might have just as much evil motive as Wal-Mart, but not nearly as much opportunity. Target doesn't command nearly enough market share to dictate prices to suppliers or set the benchmark for industry labor practices.

I don't trust any publicly-owned corporation to be well-behaved. But competition creates a certain degree of public accountability that doesn't exist in a monopoly situation. I fear a Wal-Mart monopoly, so I shop with its competitors.
No, a disabled person is not as important as my necessity to buy all the things as I need to survive. If I know and love that person, I would then care about them. But I do not, by default, care about the rest of the world more than myself.

It's not selfish if I put myself in front of the tens of millions of disabled people.

Self-preservation is instinct, it's natural selection and it's as normal and alright as sex or eating.

It's life, so don't you fucking dare chastise me again, douchebag.
Your point would maybe somehow make sense if Wal-Mart and all the other rich companies were somehow playing at a level field with the rest of us.
Oh wow, a self righteous Canadian! Do you guy do anything aside from drinking watered down beer, watching hockey, and contributing nothing to the world ever?
I see.  You know, I like my news sans morality but that's just me.  

Maybe Mr. Olbermann should be attacking the practice of subrogation rather than giving us all lectures on his personal views of ethics and morality.
Dear Wal-Mart supporters?

Do any of you have health insurance with a clause that prohibits you from suing a third party for damages in a case like this?

If so, please give the name of the provider and quote the effective text.
She PAID for the insurance from Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart is RESPONSIBLE for her medical care. Her family sued the trucking company to pay for her pain and suffering and long term medical care.
Hell yeah, bitch -- this is the kind of honesty I'm looking for.  You could care less about how that person is being treated because it's of no concern to you.  This is why you're pretending that the employee is "scamming" Wal-Mart, in order to put yourself on some kind of idealistic pedestal.  But hey, whatever helps you sleep at night.
Pretending?

Please -- oh wise and intelligent redditor -- please tell me where I'm wrong.

Point on my fallacies. Give me some proof to counter my claims.

But wait -- you can't. You just have a single mindset and are unwilling to hear what I have to say. Instead, you judge me, and bias my words based on that judgment.

So much easier to be a close-minded prick than actually think isn't it?

And don't even try to refute what I've said. Your intense, albeit creepy, interest in me instead of the article only proves your entire point revolves around discrediting me, not what I have to say.
Which the family was well-aware would trigger a response from Wal-Mart. 

Suing the company was a breach of contract, and they knew it.

And yet they did it anyway.

And then they cried when the consequences of their actions came around.

Sounds like Florida and Michigan primaries to me.

Either way, it's still not Wal-Mart's fault or responsibility to respect the breach of contract of an employee. 

Don't blame Wal-Mart, instead, if you prefer, lobby your senator to have a bill passed that would outlaw this from happening.
The only thing that doesn't make sense is your comment.

Please elaborate so that I can actually respond.
Mr. Olbermann doesn't have a **news** show. Mr Olbermann's show is his take on the news, entertainment, mass market of the day.
Contrary to what people think, I doubt it was Olbermann.  Much more likely, it was a call from one of Hillary's cronies.  Remember, she served on the board of Walmart for years, and conceivably this could have blown back on her.
Yes, that's true.  But the last thing I want is lectures of morality from somebody like him.
So change the channel. Use the remote. It's right at your fingertips.
Uh-oh, you're getting really upset over all this.  Although this is becoming even more fun for me.  You're right, self-preservation is instinct and thus your needs trump anyone else's needs.  Well a need of mine is to have some fun, and if that means getting you all worked up -- then that's what I gotta do.
Upset? Oh-ho-ho, so presumptuous my quaint redditor. Your post is a treacherous mountain of assumptions...

I'm *enjoying* this immensely. Why do you think I've replied to half of the threads on this article?

I stopped getting worked up over internet debates about the time I hit over 2,500 comments on digg and god knows how many here on reddit.
Caution: slippery slope.
Not sure why, exactly, my earlier response is being downmodded as I was just asking some questions that seem to be a natural offshoot of your post but, hey, that's reddit. 

What happened in 2006 that altered the legal landscape? (this is a genuine question so please reddit insta-downmodder hold your mouse click till the end of my post, please)

I don't exactly disagree with you madcow but I guess it does seem (to me) to be a tricky line to walk to "do the right thing" on an institutional scale.  Not that it shouldn't be done.  Not that we should aspire (and expect) it be done.  Just that it is very difficult.  

I agree that Walmart was/is in the position to do the right thing and should have done so at the outset rather than only react to the financial calculus of bad press.
Leave it to guys like these to come to the defense of corporations that impose social costs on the rest of us by skimping on insurance and benefits for their employees through "rightful" means.  You need to look at the spirit, rather than the letter of the law.  From encouraging their employees to get on the public dole, to having their construction subsidized by local tax-payers, Walmart deserves no sympathy in this case.  It comes down to the legal action by a multi-billion dollar corporation against a brain-damage woman, who after legal expenses and treatment will only actually get a fraction of the money.
It's a good thing we have people like Keith Olbermann to mask insurance fraud with melodramatic and righteous anger!
[deleted]
If only it were that easy.  Remotes are evasive buggers.  I was looking for mine for 20 minutes yesterday . . . found it in the bathroom.  THE FUCKING BATHROOM?!
Don't worry.  I do.
Right, this still doesnt make them not an evil corporation.
When you pay out $400,000 to someone to cover their bills, and then that person gets another $400,000 to cover those same bills, I think you're entitled to your money back.
We've got some cold-hearted motherfuckers on Reddit that come to the defense of some billionaire corporation over a brain damaged woman, over some chump change (to Walmart) that in most likelihood after all the legal and medical expenses won't stretch as far enough as it should.  You guys are Laissez-fair and letter of the law about this kind of stuff until the corporation you hold stock in is bailed out by OUR taxpayer money or one of your family members is in the same position.  Please.  Get a life.
Wal-Mart’s response (please restrain your instinctive down-vote finger):

&gt; "This is a very sad case and we understand that people will naturally have an emotional and sympathetic reaction. While the Shank case involves a tragic situation, the reality is that the health plan is required to protect its assets so that it can pay the future claims of other associates and their family members. These plans are funded by associate premiums and company contributions. Any money recovered is returned to the health plan, not to the business. This is done out of fairness to everyone who contributes to and benefits from the plan. The Supreme Court recently declined to hear an appeal of the case, which concludes all litigation. While Wal-Mart's benefit plan was entitled to more than the amount that remained in the Shank trust, the plan only recovered the funds remaining in that trust," which according to reports amounted to about $277,000.
That's sort of how I felt after reading the story on CNN.  They got paid by wal-mart for the injuries, then by *another* company for the injuries?  Basically a double dip?  Also, did anyone get the bit about how the husband divorced his brain damaged wife so she could draw more in benefits from Medicaid as a single person?  These people are milking the system as much as they can.  I can understand why they *feel* like they deserve it, but they're not just scamming a big corporation and the government, they're screwing the people that participate in that plan at wal-mart, as well as the American taxpayer.
If Walmart gave a little more company contributions like it should, and like other companies do, this would not be a problem.  This whole thing about employee contributions is meant to distract from the fact that Walmart purposefully underfunds it's health insurance program, putting more of the burden on it's low-payed workers.
Aren't Wal-Mart customers "stakeholders" in this situation? What about the "externality"?
Amen.
Indeed. How dare companies have rights?

They are evil scum, and that's all there is to it. Who cares abour reality and logic when we have a mob mentality to submit to?
Every once in a while we attack countries under false pretenses.
Hell yeah boy, you know how this thing works!

Personally, I'm hoping Wal-Mart raises their prices because it would be fucking hilarious for you to cry over socks some more.  Now that would make me laugh for about five more minutes.
Clothes at Target are expensive. Wal-Mart beats them on jeans and other basics by $1 - $10 a pair, in my experience.
Yes it does.
Imagine this scenario.  Your brother owes me $50.  He's dragging his feet on paying me back.  You, being the good brother that you are, decide to pay his debt for him, because you don't believe he's going to ever pay up.
2 weeks go by.
You find out that I'm still hitting up your brother for the $50, and he pays me.  I've now been handed $100 for a $50 debt.  Don't you want your money back?  After all, you were just trying to be the nice guy.
In this metaphor, I'm the woman who was injured, you're Walmart, and your brother is the trucking company who dragged their feet before finally paying what was owed to the woman.  Walmart was every bit *right* to ask for its money back.
Evil?Tell that to [Chicago residents]( http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/opinion/chi-0326edit1mar26,0,3534307.story) or [Katrina victims]( http://www.nationalpost.com/news/world/story.html?id=405747)
&gt; Her insurance will continue to care for her as required. She does not have to have TWO healthcare providers paying the same bills.

What planet are you from? I'd like to move there.  Since she can no longer perform her job, *ever*, she's not a Wal-Mart employee any longer.  That means she would immediately upon termination be eligible for COBRA, which means she has to pay her own premiums, but just for 18 months.  After that, she must get her own insurance, which will be very, very expensive given her preexisting condition.  If she is old enough she can use Medicare.

She is *very* likely to need the remaining $270,000 for maintaining her health care.  I would wager that she'll run out of those funds before she dies.
No, Walmart deserves no sympathy in hundreds of other cases, such as the ones you mentioned, but the only thing that makes this case different from every other insurance subrogation is that the words "brain damaged" makes headlines and stirs people into righteous indignation.  You, like everyone else who's pissed off about this, saw "walmart, multi-billion corporation, sues, brain damaged woman" and immediately leapt to the obvious conclusion.  Walmart is a bad corporation, but not because of this.
There's so many other times to call bullshit correctly. Why go to all the trouble when it's not justified?
A system which allows the employer to make contracts that require a lawyer to comprehend, and pay their employees just enough to sustain life and come into work is just in your opinion?

Debbie Shank's medical and nursing home bills are in the millions of dollars. Wal-Mart is legally allowed to get it's money back. Does that make it just? Do courts always do the right and just thing? It is quite apparent the laws are not just. Not only in this case, but in general.

Is this situation just and fair? Really? Does it make any sense to you?
[deleted]
Yeah, that poor lady was only awarded $700,000, which after lawyer fees left her with $417,000.

And after Wal-Mart took their chunk, she'd have $17,000, which is more than enough to take care of a person with serious brain injury &lt;/sarcasm&gt;

Insurance companies GAMBLE. They win and lose. Screwing people out of money they got to cover all their other expenses, for the rest of their lives is an entirely different thing.

Privatized profits, socialized losses, and all that.
I'm sure that's true. I rarely buy clothes or durable goods at Target (or Wal-Mart, obviously) because the quality/price ratio is too low.

Like I said, I'm not well-off. Most of my income goes to paying bills and buying necessary consumer goods. So I have to treat the latter as an investment - no particle board or polyester, unless that's all I ever want to have, forever.

That's the reason I stopped shopping at Wal-Mart to begin with (labor politics came later) - it removes some of the temptation to waste money on cheap crap.
&gt;paid for by everyone of us who decides to shop there. [...] How is this a victory for consumers and employees?

It's a victory for compassion.

Somewhere along the line, we've lost sight of the fact that we are all members of the same human race, and perhaps instead of whining about the 1 cent this is going to cost each and every Walmart consumer, you might just  remember that sometimes it doesn't hurt to just do the right thing and help someone.

The woman is in a nursing home with brain damage for christ's sake.

Personally I'd rather lose a wad of my cash every month if it improved the lives of other people, and try to live by those principals as much as possible.  Better to be slightly poorer in pocket, than morally bankrupt.
There was a case on subrogation that reached the Supreme Courts in 2006. That decision made it easier for companies to go after money awarded to those who they had covered under their plans.

Scenario:

1. Subject A carries XXX Health Insurance

2. Subject A gets injured by Subject B

3. Subject A needs care *right now* and XXX Insurance covers the costs Subject A incurs

4. Subject A gets better and sues Subject B for injuring him/her

5. Subject B loses in court; has to pay up

6. XXX Insurance wants their money back they spent on the care from the judgment

7. XXX Insurance sues Subject A


Here's what I see wrong with this and what I'm not clear on:
Why doesn't XXX Insurance sue Subject B rather than waiting for Subject A to do so and then taking the award? Did XXX Insurance help pay for the court case? Doubtful, I'm sure it was taken on 30% retainer.
Is XXX Insurance clear with Subject A what will happen if she wins the judgment?
Does her lawyer even know?
Do "pain and injury" judgments automatically get awarded to insurance companies now? 

(This is assuming I'm understanding all the legalese here, which admittedly, I may not be)

This is really tricky in my opinion. People pay for coverage, whether through their work (as in this case) or outright. If someone mows you down and your insurance has to pay up - *that's what they're there for* - that's the risk they take for insuring you.

Anyway, budd, I upmodded you for genuinely good discourse.
[deleted]
Actually, Wal-Mart paid about $470,000, [but a court ruled they could only recover the amount that the PH netted](http://www.cnn.com/2008/US/03/25/walmart.insurance.battle/), which was $417,000.

And if you think insurance companies gamble, well, I recommend you [read up](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insurance)
[deleted]
&gt;Debbie Shank's medical and nursing home bills are in the millions of dollars.

I have been unable to find evidence of this.  And yes, [it is fair does make sense.](http://reddit.com/info/6eajt/comments/c03lxdq)
Oops, I read it as the attorney took 417000.
Being dropped from the program will not make a difference in her continuing expenses from the accident.  Since the accident was covered, any additional costs are covered since she was insured at the time of the loss.
Absolutely right!  Because after they won the lawsuit Walmart were going to round up as many starving kids as they could find and distribute the money to one and all.  By all means argue your point, but don't just introduce totally irrelevant emotive issues to try and swing it.

The point is, that money wasn't going to help anyone.  And now it will.
That's the funny thing about this.  **Nobody** is saying that subrogation should be done away with . . . just that this case is somehow different (aka makes a great headline).
&gt; In this metaphor, I'm the woman who was injured

That's where your metaphor fails: if you were half dead, brain-damaged and severely disabled and suffer from heavy memory losses. Then clearly while I'd have the right to that money, I wouldn't consider right to ask for it because you'd quite obviously need it more than me. 

And that's why I said being in the right doesn't mean the decision is right (in the sense of righteous).
Wal-Mart was certainly within their legal rights to attempt to recover the money. Morally, however they FAIL.
It's really an opportunity for Wal-Mart to rethink how their benefit plan works.
My background is in property insurance, not health, but I think a lot of the same principals apply.  Insurance is tricky, because any extra cost of doing is business is directly charged to each policyholder (whether they have claims or not) by increased premium costs.  So it is not only in the interest of the big/bad insurance company to keep costs down (aka subrogation), but also each policyholder paying into the program.  The insurance company should not be awarded 'pain and injury' judgements and I'm not sure the details of the settlement.

&gt;Is XXX Insurance clear with Subject A what will happen if she wins the judgment?

It's in the contract.  As far as the law is concerned, it's clear.
Morals are not in line with capitalism. We cannot setup a economic system and then chastise a company for following it.
Please elaborate? Wheres the mob mentality? You shouldn't use buzz words incorrectly, makes you look stupid :(
I'm not actually crying, I'm using it to drive a point.

But you've regressed from actual, interesting debate to the level of a banal troll, and as such I'm just going to ignore you from now on.

Stupid troll is ... well, stupid :(
Wow, what incredibly irrelevant examples.
The fuck....

All you've done is call me an "idiot," a "troll," a "douchebag," etc -- and I'm the one who's at fault?

I care nothing if you have to pay more money for shit at Wal-Mart because you'll be able to deal with, whereas I'm trying to figure out how a Wal-Mart employee will be able to deal with "reimbursing" $400,000 his employer.  You're the real troll here because you're acting pretty damn childish.

But hey -- you'll probably blame this on me anyway.
Yeah I guess that post really clears it up for me, thanks.

About the millions, that's what Debbie's husband claims it will cost. Well, ex-husband now, because they divorced. They divorced so that Debbie would be eligible for more Medicaid money. The scum they are, for working the system like that.
Wal-Mart is bad and deserves to be called out when it's in the wrong, but this is simply not the case here.

Get off the Wal-Mart hate bandwagon and actually think about each case for yourself. Don't indiscriminately hate and judge.
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;Do you guys ever take time to do things other than suing each other?

I don't have to sit idly by and listen to your slander!  Expect to hear from my attorney tomorrow.
A Walmart pharmacist killed my friends brother by giving him the wrong insulin. 

http://medicinewatch.blogspot.com/2007/07/wal-mart-settles-insulin-death-claim.html

You didn't hear about that shit in the news.  The family didn't get a lot of money and Walmart demanded that it stay out of the press and refused to claim responsibility.  Walmart is fucking people left and right.  The only difference here is that the media needed something to talk about that wasn't Bush or the war.
I'd love to see the proof of keeping "costs down" because of rare instances such as these. This, in my opinion, is yet another example of the problem with insurance companies these days - they want to take your money and never pay out - they'll spend vast amounts of time, money, energy and resources to not pay out - all in the "interests" of the company. 

If they had a crystal ball and could determine who would actually *use* their service and when, you could expect some very happy insurance company CEOs, indeed.

Again, I'm not attacking the law - as of now, they're in the right - they shouldn't be, but they are.
Ugh, I'll go against my better judgement and respond to a troll.

I've calmly presented why Wal-Mart is in the right here.

You've attacked me personally. You've attempted to discredit me -- that's fine. Shit, republicans would be out of a job if this wasn't acceptable.

But then you start you're little "oh you're getting upset and this is funny! Let's keep going because i'm a giant douche bag and love upsetting people" routine.

I don't know if you're stupid or not, but that's trolling. Textbook trolling. You could not troll any harder unless you just started rick rolling and posting nonsense like "LOL WARMERT SUX LOLLLOLLLOL!!!11"

I don't give two shits how they're going to pay Wal-Mart back. They signed a contract. They divorced to milk Medicaid. They sued to get more money. They are clearly scamming the system as hard as they can and they deserve to be fucked over, not congratulated.

I don't believe that it's wal-mart's responsibility to give this woman the equivalent of a decades worth of wages because *it's the right thing to do*.

If Wal-Mart handed out half a million dollars to every brain damaged human in America, well, they'd be out of business.

I don't know if you realize this, but Wal-mart is in the business of making money. It's *how our society operates*. It's the fundamental tenet of capitalism. 

As they say, don't hate the player, hate the game.

If you have a problem with Wal-Mart, you simply cannot blame Wal-Mart. It's the system that perpetuates the action you dislike that is at blame. Your *elected* leaders are too blame, plain and simple.
^"But you've regressed from actual, interesting debate to the level of a banal troll, and as such I'm just going to ignore you from now on."


...word?
Too bad he doesn't have the balls to do this with Clinton: A Sniper's Tale.
Well, I hate to say it, but natural fucking selection.

Should she be allowed to absorb the equivalent of her entire salary for sitting in a nursery home for the next forty years?

Is it Wal-Mart's responsibility as her one-time employer to support her much better than any retirement plan or pension for the rest of her life? Because she got hurt? Is that Wal-Mart's burden?

I suppose your answer depends on yourself.

I say no. I say, as an employer, the fact an injury could cost you a never-ending stream of bills that could easily eclipse millions of dollars is simply unfair. 

If the woman has become unproductive and can't do anything but eat up tons of money, its her families job and duty to produce for her, not societies. 

If her family is unable, than that's where the government comes in.

It's simply not the responsibility of the private sector, however.
&gt;ask for their money back when their employees get money from another insurance provider (attempting to charge both companies for the same bills)

But, that's not what happened in this case. She had her insurance payout, and then later, won a lawsuit suing the trucking company. Walmart asked for their payout back. This is not duplicate payouts - it's Walmart getting a piece of her lawsuit.

Considering she won the suit 2 years after she received medical benefits, I doubt she 'scammed' them. BTW, did you read the original article?
I'm not making fun of you, except for the passing quip on your intelligence.  I'm not attacking you just to make you angry.

I'm not acting like my sole purpose is to upset you.

Rather I'm attempting to logically point out my point of view on whatever we're talking about, and show you why I think you're wrong.

I, therefore, am not a troll.

You, however, are. (Because again, you chose not to refute my points, but rather just try and pick out one phrase and *incorrectly* apply it back to me. For future reference, I proof read my posts for obvious hypocrisy, so I wouldn't recommend trying that again).
Which is why I am so glad I live in Canuckistan, with our commie-crazy socialized medicine. This lady would not have needed a Walmart plan, nor need to sue the trucking company. The taxes she had paid (mostly consumption, but also income) would have paid for her needs. 

But, socialized medicine is evil, right?
This isn't an outlier: even your car insurance probably works the same way. Read the fine print.

Better would be for Americans to rethink how "health" "insurance" works.
Damn son, when are you going to ignore me already?

Besides, I thought you don't take this shit seriously, but obviously you do.  I hope you're winning a lot of prizes on the Internetz for doing all this.
It seems that you have an anti-insurance bias.  It may have a perfectly valid source, but I'm of the opinion that insurance does **far** more harm than good.

Subrogation happens much more often than you think.  The fact is that insurance companies have various sources of revenue.  Premium dollars, interest, investments and subrogation.  Any dollars coming in from other places than premiums should reduce the amount charged for insurance.  I would recommend when shopping for insurance (not a choice for most with healthcare, I realize), look at the mutual companies.  These are owned 100% by the people paying premiums and have no incentive for making money other than to maintain reserves.

I understand your frustration though, it seems like there has been a lot of negative press in the last 3 or 4 years about insurance companies, but overall, I still believe that the laws are setup in such a way as to promote sound business practices.
[deleted]
Of course!  That's what I just said.  However, that doesn't mean that Wal-Mart *had* to take that money back.
How much have you contributed to help this poor woman?

It's easy to be compassionate with other people's money...
I still think the trucking company should be sued.  It doesn't matter whether the healthcare insurance is private or government run, the fact is that insurance paid out money for which the trucking company was responsible.  I don't know how your system works, but I would hope that the government would be able to recoup it's costs from the trucking company.  It's a simple formula.  More money paid by the responsible parties equals less money paid by insurance companies equals less money paid by us (in premiums or taxes) for said insurance.
&gt; The point is, that money wasn't going to help anyone. And now it will.

Yes, it was just sitting around in an insurance fund...
Can you spare me 20 bucks? Just 20 bucks. It's nothing.
Half the newswires in the country are taking credit for the Walmart backdown. What makes you think it was KO?
So we should require big companies to make donations?  I'm all for donating to the needy, but this was part of a contract.

I promise you this sort of thing has happened hundreds of times before.  This one is getting notoriety because its Walmart.  If I did this to the company I work for, they'd do the exact same thing.
Agreed. From my understanding of the case it's simply double-billing on the part of the woman. She was paid for her injuries once by the health plan, and a second time by the court case.

The only thing Wal-Mart shouldn't be able to recoup is any money she got for pain and suffering, but money for medical bills that Wal-Mart paid for should certainly go back to Wal-Mart.
Because it's only a mob that will use a democratic government to take people's property and life from them.
Wow two cases of walmart helping communities. You've really opened my eyes, thank you for that.
Learn2capitalism
Your comparison is funny, but I don't have twenty dollars to spare, so it breaks down.  Wal-Mart has billions and billions of dollars.  They could spare $400,000 several times over.
That's why capitalism sucks.
&gt;but that it was morally repugnant for them to do so.

He's wrong.  For obvious reasons.
No no no, you've got it all ass backwards. Technically, yes, it's in the contract, but it's a case of human decency here...... Wal-Mart is the largest company in the WORLD by revenue. They do not need a stinking $400,000 cheque from a mentally disabled person. That's just incredibly low.
Oh come on!! This is ludicrous. How would I go and help this stupid lady??? 

Wal-Mart is a huge company. They have the money and the responsibility not to make mentally disabled people poor and without a job.
No, it's about precedent.

By doing this, every disabled employee will now use this as an example on why they deserve tons of money from Wal-mart. 

And some will succeed. She's costing us more than just a 400,000$ check.
Capitalism sucks but it's the best we've come up with so far.

Anything else is unrealistic and has failed in every application it's been used in. 

Capitalism is the only one that plays to humanity's innate greed and selfishness.
Well no. Because you don't get a cheque just for being disabled. You get one for being injured while under Wal-Mart contract.

And actually, as an aside, Wal-Mart probably could afford $400,000 for every disabled employee they have, whether or not they got injured while at work.
So, you're saying that democracy (a representative republic, or whatever we have) is fundamentally broken?

So your problem isn't Wal-Mart, but rather, the western style of government and economy?
No, I just said that when there's a democratic government depriving people of their rights, it's because of the mob mentality of the people (citizens) running the government.  I didn't even say this applies fully to the US, since it's not entirely a democracy.

I don't know if a representative republic etc. is fundamentally broken, but it's the best system I currently know of.
I agree, I may very well have an anti-insurance bias, yet I also have a lot of experience with them. My brother fought a five-year battle with cancer; my father is approaching his second year in his battle with cancer and my mother has MS. Guess how much my rates are simply because I share DNA?

I can't begin to describe the amount of horror stories we personally experienced - the wait times, the constant denials, the utter ineptness of care of customers on their part was awful and morally bankrupt. Of course, once someone like my bro was in his position, he can't change to a "better" provider - I'm not sure one is much different from another.

You say laws are set up to maintain sound business practices. Based on my family's experience with these companies, I wholeheartedly disagree. Anyway, I could be wrong and that very well may be. 

But again, I feel in this case where Walmart says they are looking out for the best interests of their company. I call bullshit. Well, they are doing the right thing now, because they feel this $400k is less expensive than the bad PR.

They wouldn't have made that choice 20 years ago, prior to the kind of communication technologies we have now.
Your situation sounds horrible and truly regrettable.  I have no experience with health insurance, but it does sound less than desireable.  I hope you get some good experiences to go with the bad.
By your account, only the money won for medical bills should be recoverable. How much of that money was for pain and suffering? Also, why didn't Walmart pay the attorney fees that the woman incurred. They swooped in to collect after the case was won. There is legal wiggle room here, it's not a case of a woman demanding money because she's greedy.
Insurance companies don't gamble the way you and i gamble when we go play blackjack at the casino, but they do gamble the way a card counter playing blackjack gambles. That is, they know much of the time they will come out ahead. They couldn't stay in business otherwise.
You people are sick.
Deserve it or need it? When our administration plays the letter of the law against the intent of the law, we don't seem to mind that too much.
Like, how will the family afford to take care of her now and in the future, since the money she received from the insurance fund has already been spent on medical issues?

No, you must mean something else.  Personally, if we are talking about other issues, I'd like every Wal-Mart to give back all the state sales tax they keep so that poor Wal-Mart can pay for the stores they built.
Wow, this horrible company is the 2nd largest charitable contributer in the world-- they are so evil&lt;sarcasm&gt;
So.... Why don't the womans lawyers "do the right thing" and give up their fees?  Oops they are not the big-bad- Wal Mart....
You are deeply, deeply disturbed, and obviously painfully alone.
One major issue you seem to miss is that according to the article, Walmart was able to take legal action against this woman because subrogation rules were recently relaxed. If you want to claim that this is double dipping, then  realize the company is going after basically free money, money the woman won without support from the company.
TigerStyle, you took a shot at Canadian beer by calling it watered down. That is a myth based on the fact that we calculate percentage of alcohol by volume and you Americans calculate percentage of alcohol by weight. In fact, we have identical amounts of alcohol in bottle of regular beer.
no, it's why capitalism is great - it removes morals from the equation, since my morals may differ from yours, and I don't want to be governed by what you think is right.
Looking at your vicious comments, I'd have to agree with your take on humanity.
Deserve.  Everybody *needs* money to eek by with our lives.  This particular family may have it harder than some, but not harder than all.  They deserved to be covered for the medical bills, and they got it.  They don't deserve it twice, even though they may feel they *need* it.  They aren't the only family that has had to put a loved one in a nursing home.  Hell, what if another person at wal-mart needs medical treatment, but can't afford the insurance because the rates are higher since Wal-Mart decided to just fork out the money to a case that made the press?
I heard about some ladies working for Halliburton/KBR who might disagree with you on the so-called "protection" contracts provide.

Blanket generalizations about anything are absurd.  So are the people that make them.
Poor multi-nationals!
didn't CNN actually break this story...
You, sir, just blew my mind.
heh, sure.  USA doesn't have legal reach that can protect people in other countries.  They ask the other country to protect you because they don't have legal reach.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_passport
In fact you just gave a really good example of WHY our legal system needs to enforce contracts!  Imagine if they didn't and our law enforcement acted like the Iraqi police.  Man we'd be fucked.
[deleted]
what do you guys think of keith richards opinions?
The most interesting thing about your exchange is that the insurance company didn't go after the trucking company themselves. Why didn't they? In auto insurance, the insurance company handles any law suits that may occur as the result of an accident. Why isn't this the case here? if pain and suffering cannot be claimed by a third party, then why didn't the insurance co fund the lawsuit? I know details are lacking but can you do a guesstimate?
&gt; Being dropped from the program will not make a difference in her continuing expenses from the accident. Since the accident was covered, any additional costs are covered since she was insured at the time of the loss.

Again, **what planet are you from**?  When you quit your job or are fired, you are covered by COBRA for **18 months**.  COBRA means you can **pay the insurance premium yourself**.  If you are disabled, as is this case with this woman, COBRA **lasts for 36 months**.  After that, you will need to get your **own insurance at market rates**.

What do you think the market rates for someone who is disabled would be?  For the women being discussed, the rates could easily be **$20,000/yr or more** and there will be **severe limits to the coverage**.

EDIT: fixed typo
&gt;&gt;""It's free money. They want the free money," Mr. Baron said."

Free money?

How is it free money?  Walmart paid when they didnt need to.

I don't get this knee jerk everything walmart does is evil bullshit.


The worker was attempting to charge both companies for the same bill!!
&gt; By doing this, every disabled employee will now use this as an example on why they deserve tons of money from Wal-mart.

WTF are you talking about?  Do you even know what happened in this case?  **Wal-Mart didn't give this woman one cent.**  She collected the award from a jury trial from the trucking company that owned the truck that hit her car and disabled her.

Either you are 12 and are unable to understand the issues here, or you are talking out your ass without having read the article.  Either way, **stop posting bullshit**.
&gt;&gt;"Because you don't get a cheque just for being disabled. " 

you do from uncle sam
&gt;&gt;"it's Walmart getting a piece of her lawsuit."

no its it's Walmart getting the health care payout the other company is responsible for .
right
She signed the contract, and her lawyer would have known that Wal-Mart would get it's money back.

If not, her lawyer was incompetent and could be legally at risk for his extreme incompetence.

It's not like Wal-mart is the exception here. These clauses are de facto standard in benefit contracts. Any lawyer should have known about it, and should have told his client the risks of settling/suing the trucking company.
" how will the family afford to take care of her now and in the future"

That's their business/job.

Believe it or not, people get disabled and are disabled every day. They cost people hundreds of thousands over their life time and are totally unpreductive as members of society. 

It should not be private or public responsibility to eat that cost, as the only benefit is *letting the family feel good that their beloved is drooling all day in some facility*. 

But, it does often become public responsibility. And I'm okay with that, because let's face it, we can't let natural selection affect our society and just *kill the handicap*. 

But it's not the private responsibility of a company, and is the responsibility of those who wish this person to live a life of idle drooling first and foremost.
What are you takling about. The woman collected over $400,000 from Wal-Mart through their health insurance benefits. She then, in addition, won money from a settlement.

"Insurance experts say it is increasingly common for health plans to seek reimbursement for the medical expenses they paid for someone's treatment if the person also collects damages in an injury suit."

See that ALSO?

It's not in there for dramatic effect.

Plz don't chastise me for something you're doing :( :(
lol thanks...? Should my sarcasm detector be going off? Lol.
I suspect, my phrasing wasn't clear. When you criticized the husband for gaming the system. Is that a scam? He didn't do anything other than what is legal under the law. Likewise, the insurance company is also acting in a lawful manner. (Frankly, if I was the husband and was faced with catastrophic medical bills, I would do exactly the same to maximize my wife's care. Wouldn't you?)

Reading your second post to me, I realize that the question of needing and deserving isn't going to get us very far. You want to say that they feel they deserve money but don't need the money to pay for the wife's care? I would argue that they need it and they deserve it due to the fact that the case proceeded without the insurance company's help and that the future medical expenses are likely to be large.

Have you considered that if the money won by lawsuit was paid back, then she gets essentially nothing? The medical bills incurred do not take into account future care  and negates any money awarded due to pain, suffering, and loss of income. Her medical bills are paid, but there is no money for care other than what the state and the husband can provide. So basically, she was brain damaged, given enough care to be stabilized and then abandoned.
This woman won a $700,000 verdict at a cost of $300,000 in legal fees.  Wal-Mart bore none of that cost.  It just waited while more and more time and money was spent on the litigation then came in after they won and claimed their proceeds.  If Wal-Mart wants to claim that they are entitled to over half of that verdict then let them pay over half the lawyers bills.

This is actually the law in some states, and it really should be the law everywhere.
I like how people write that signing a contract ends all further discussions. Did she have a choice as to whether or not to sign the contract? Basically, insurance is now a form of guaranteed loan. If you win a judgment in your favor, expect it to be garnished to the full amount of the money paid out. If any money was paid due to pain and suffering, you can pretty much forget it. In fact, pain and suffering is good because it guarantees the pot will be that much bigger from which money can be taken. The insurance company is now a kind of primary secured creditor. I would still like to know why Walmart didn't share attorney fees with it's policy holder. Because they didn't have to? What part of this is fair?
What he did *is legal* probably, but he *is* scamming it, because I'm sure those extra benefits are meant to help someone who is on their own.  This poor woman is obviously not on her own and very much still 'married' - just not legally.  So she gets the benefits of a husband helping her, as well as extra benefits from medicaid because she's treated as being on her own, when in fact, she isn't.  I would in fact, do the same thing, but that doesn't make it ethically correct.

*deserve money but don't need the money to pay for the wife's care*

No, I'm sure they *need* the money.  My point is *everybody* needs money to get by.  Deserving it though is a different matter entirely.  There are probably other people who's wal-mart insurance rates could suffer as a result of these kind of actions.  The case didn't proceed w/out the insurance company's help - the medical bills were paid by wal mart insurance, then they got paid again by the trucking company (probably their insurance).  So she got paid twice for the injury.  

*Have you considered that if the money won by lawsuit was paid back, then she gets essentially nothing?*

It's a tough place, I agree.  And a sad sad case.  But that's not a true statement.  She's getting her medical bills paid twice.  If they took it back, she got them paid once, which is fair (to other participators in that insurance plan.)  Her continued well being and life isn't wal-mart's responsibility.  They didn't hit her with a truck.  If more money is needed, it should be up to the trucking company if anyone.  Not wal-mart, and not the American taxpayer (Medicaid).  I sympathize with this guy entirely and I'd probably do the same things he's doing, but it doesn't make it ethically right.
I don't like beer at all (or more precisely, I take 1 sip, I puke 2 beers), but based on what I heard from people both from here and from the other side of the border, America has the most watered down beer (the average is, what, 4%?) of the two. I do agree that Canadians drink too much beer. Wine is much better.

Also, what is wrong with contributing nothing to the world? Does any country owe the world anything?
&gt; What are you takling about. The woman collected over $400,000 from Wal-Mart through their health insurance benefits. She then, in addition, won money from a settlement.

You **still don't get it**.

The only money she received was from the trial.  It was a jury award **from the trucking company not Wal-Mart**.

The insurance company *paid her medical bills*, not Wal-Mart.

&gt; "Insurance experts say it is increasingly common for health plans to seek reimbursement for the medical expenses they paid for someone's treatment if the person also collects damages in an injury suit."

So?  How does this validate **any** of your bogus statements?  She didn't get money from Wal-Mart.

And, just because it's *increasingly common* doesn't make it right.

EDIT: combined replies.
[deleted]
&gt;Looking at your vicious comments, I'd have to agree with your take on humanity.

It's a chicken-and-egg problem.  Are people punitive and vicious by nature, or because the amoral system they live requires it of them?
Wal-Mart's money is fungible.  If this lawsuit leads to a single employee losing health insurance (which isn't certain by any means), it will have at least as much to do with its CEO's bonuses as it will with this case.
&gt;why shouldn't others even less fortunate than her use our compassion to convince her to donate her money to someone even worse off?

Why do you think that would be a bad thing?
He went after Clinton *hard* over the Geraldine Ferraro nonsense.
The downside to that is that there are certain inalienable morals that DON'T differ from me to you, like not harming others. If there are no moral safeguards in an economic system, those in power will follow that economic freedom to it's logical extreme.
Well, the person had insurance, one.  Two, the trucking company was at fault.   Separate groups that owe the injured person.  I'm guessing the person whose life has been ruined is owed more than just a doctors bill.
Don't you think when someone's life is ruined by the hand of another entity, that person is owed more than just medical bills?
I would, if I could, look you in the eye and tell you that anything legal is by defintion not a scam. It is as value neutral and above reproach as a company demanding money from a brain damaged woman who was once an employee, leaving her with no money except her husband's income.

Clearly you are being disingenuous when you write that the case did in fact proceed with Walmart's help. They paid for aid that stabilized her condition but they did not help with lawyer fees. Further, they wanted not just the amount recovered from the judgment, they wanted to collect directly from the couple. Insurance in this instance was nothing other than a loan to the policy holder. You and other people have claimed that this case is nothing other than double dipping but part of the award was for pain and suffering why is walmart entitled to the entire amount?

A large part of what you want to say is that the insurance company, by failing to perform subrogation, fails it's policy holders and creates higher premiums for everyone. It's an easy natural idea but I think it's an unlikely scenario. In reality, it's likely to contribute only a tiny amount of revenue for the ins carrier. Subrogation laws changed in 1996. Did you notice a dip in your premium? 

Likewise, it's intuitive to say that the trucking company should make up the differences but it's not an option in play here. regardless, where would this money come from? it's likely  that you're swapping money from one insurance carrier to another insurance carrier. In the end premiums go up anyway as our society becomes ever more litigious as the money at stake increases.
&gt;Yeah, that poor lady was only awarded $700,000, which after lawyer fees left her with $417,000.
And after Wal-Mart took their chunk, she'd have $17,000, which is more than enough to take care of a person with serious brain injury &lt;/sarcasm&gt;

You need to work on your math. She was given $470,000 by Walmart to compensate for her injuries. She was given $700,000 by the trucking company to compensate for her injuries and legal fees. In the end, she received a total of $887,000 to to take care of her injuries, and was supposed to repay $417,000 of that to Walmart.

She'd still have $453,000 for her injury. Instead, because Keith Olbermann conjured up a public outcry against Walmart, she gets to double dip and keep $887,000 where a court saw $417,000 worth of expenses.
&gt;would, if I could, look you in the eye and tell you..*

Your quite the dramatic writer. Believe me, if you could, I would spit in your face and tell you to fuck off, because my ability to tolerate pontificating assholes is sadly limited only to the internet.  But thanks for bringing the 'real world' into it, and I hope someday you get your chance to be right as rain and have someone in person, cower at your magnificent intellect.

BTW, from websters:
 &gt;scam - A scheme for making money by deceptive, dishonest, or fraudulent means, i.e., a swindle or fraud.

'scam' doesn't have anything to do with the law.
he is from planet REPUBLICONIA......
[deleted]
sorry man u r naive.

the only good experiences with insurance in america is when you are not sick and dont have to deal with them.

every visit my mom makes to a doctor (we are talking routine checkups, breast exams, gynecologist, etc) the insurance oooops forgets to pay the doctor necessitating my calls on her behalf, negotiating with both insurance and doctor, while the doctor's office threatens my mom with collection...

usa numbah 1
In other words, you have nothing to say but decided to babble some Ayn Randian nonsense.

Thanks for your contribution.
&gt;I don't see anyone doing it.

1) I must hang out with different types of people than you do.

2) I don't see anyone doing lots of good things.
You don`t seem to realize the inhumanity of the lack of a clause that limits the amount Walmart can collect to any residual funds after taking into account costs and expenses of the insuree.

Without such a clause, the woman is forced to pay Walmart out of her own pocket (ending up losing money after both her suit and the one against her are done).
I do, but, again, limits on profit and exploitation are not set by a company in a capitalist economy.

The regulations are set by the government.

Wal-Mart's actions are beyond legal, they're entirely expected of a company in this situation.

Any company that claims to give back to the community, be socially aware, etc etc, is doing it purely as an advertising gimmick to get you feel better about the company and want to shop there.

Very, very few companies actually take significant profits away from their shareholders and reinvest into the community, unless there is some greater, profit-driven goal.
I manage the health plan for my company. I can't speak for walmart, but there's no _contract_ that the employees sign here. They sign an application, which includes none of this language, and then they're covered. The language (if it exists; I haven't checked, as I'm out of the office lately) is in the handbook, if anywhere.

I'm pretty sure that the same was true when I worked for another (was not the plan admin there).
&gt; The insurance company paid her medical bills, not Wal-Mart.

Erm, there isn't an insurance company involved here. Wal-mart, iirc, actually runs its own health trust fund. So, actually, yeah, Wal-mart paid her medical bills. They've made it pretty clear that this was to reimburse the Fund for the medical expenses it paid out.

(EDIT: i believe that the plan is underwritten by BCBS, but Wal-mart or a subsidiary thereof administrates it)
Moral correctness and legal correctness are often two vastly different things.

Wal-Mart's legal dept. sued and created massive legal bills for their employee (that they spend hundreds of millions of dollars advertising how much they care for their "associates") that would have completely bankrupted her, and left a $53,000 plus legal costs deficit with which to provide her ongoing care. Yes, the letter of law says they could do that, and they were "legally correct" in doing so.

But when one considers that it would have cost wal-mart a typical 8 hour period of sales in a mid-sized wal-mart to recoup the "loss" of $470,000 it was a morally bankrupt move to make.

There is a reason that law makers are going after this rather new development. Also, when one considers the balance of power that is held by a multi-billion dollar company (or possibly more) vs a roughly minimum wage worker, one must question the moral correctness of even adding these clauses to a fucking health care plan.

Here's an idea people, how about stop demanding your health insurance from your employer - get the employer out of the mix, and let's see the cavemen and the gecko, the oddly exciting pink haired cartoons and the President from 24 when it was good dueling it out to give us the best health insurance like they do for our cars, homes and bikes. Then, with leverage on health care insurance in the people's hands, instead of a single decision maker for literally 1.3 MILLION workers, we could actually vote with our dollars when the health insurance company fucks over a customer.
You're right - she was just spending it all on Leopard Print handbags and bubble gum. That's why all $417K went into  a trust to pay for her ongoing care that is already been reduced to $270K.
And when you pay into a "health insurance plan" and have "disability insurance" you took steps and the gamble that you might need it.

The company just wants to have their cake and eat it too in this case - trust me, if they can afford an $80 BILLION dollar bunker for the Walton family, they could have let this one go simply for the good press.
In a single year, the average Wal-Mart's employee put in around $400 dollars per each into the fund, how much did the CEO put in? About $50.

Average hourly wage comparison anyone?
Or both. Hollywood both reflects and shapes public attitudes, for example, and so does our economic system.
I do too, that's why when I watch "Countdown" it isn't called news, by the show or the channel, it's called commentary and opinion.

Do you just burn the editorial pages in newspapers too?
An amoral system is automatically disqualified from being a social system, or should be. We must be governed, to an extent, by what other people think is right. That's part of living among other humans, and it is a difficult balancing act.
Oh good! Now the family only has to deal with the loss of their son in Iraq, and the father's testicular cancer. Bonus!
I would agree with that.
BULLSHIT - I CALL BULLSHIT!

You can certainly be a capitalist and not be a fucking waste of skin as human beings. All things require balance, and acting like there is some law of nature that says "you cannot have humanity and reason in your chase for success in a capitalistic society" is an affront to all the good fucking people in the world that do make it.
Also, how is the other $400K to pay for the initial bills, let's say she lives another 20 years (very possible) you think that $400K is gonna pay for her care?
My company is the administrator of our plan, but doesn't act as the insurance company.  BCBS does that.
Why don't you take a look at the books on that one.

&gt;Wow, this horrible company's employees are the the 2nd largest charitable contributor in the world --

Fixed that for you - the company and management's contributions to charity are laughable compared to the average amount given by the rank and file 28 hour "full time" employee in Wal-Mart. 

A study a few years ago showed that those "less than 40 hour a week, nearly minimum wage" employees gave an average of $400 per employee per year to charity. The CEO, on the other hand, with his multi-million dollar salary and benefits package, less than $50 for the year, the Walton heirs, even less on average while they had the company spend over $80 billion dollars on a fucking bunker after 9/11 to protect them from da evil terrists.
No the solution is exactly what the fuck happened, when your multi-billion a quarter company does something this fucking asinine and generates this kind of bad publicity, you "spend" the less than 5 seconds of a single commercial on national TV and say "We're letting this one go."

The courts didn't even need to be involved here, a single PR guy from marketing could have made this decision on day one with the company.

Hmm... we're going to air $100M worth of commercials over the next two weeks nationally, how about we skip 1 spot and not run the risk of looking like the assholes so many people think we are.
They *did* let this one go for the good press.

As soon as the media latched onto this and a higher up saw it and went "oh shit", they scuttled the suit.

You think one of the Waltons or the board had anything to do with this lawsuit? It was business as usual until it became a media story.
there are places in the world where people would blankly stare when you mention 'paying back' your health care or health insurance provider. 
our system is fucked; health shouldn't be a FOR PROFIT industry. it just makes things bad.
And I call bullshit on you. Capitalism is about *money*. If you think there is anything else, than you're *fucking naive*.

Any "good works" a company does that fits into your pretty-little-native-concept of balance isn't done because *it's the right thing to do*. Companies don't give back to the community as a way of *saying thanks*.

They do it for the good press, so they can plaster every goddamn store in the area with a giant sign that says "WE HELPED YOUR COMMUNITY FOR FREE. WE'VE DONATED $43,214.13 TO &lt;HIGHSCHOOL NAME&gt;" etc etc.

It's *all about profits*. So stop pretending for one second that corporations have some sense of morality and balance and obey the higher order of *all that's good in the world*.

It's all about money and you're a tool if you believe anything else.
The whole thing is wrong from the start, protecting the weakest shouldn't be the consequence of a "nice" corporate gesture, it should be on the law. Contract are worthless when one of the co-signers is actually to weak to have a real opinion over the contract.
That's why a universal healthcare is way cheaper for everybody and why protecting the working people is good for a country.
alas, it appears that that may be how yours works and mine, but it is not how walmart's works.
Exactly.
What an odd bird you are. Did I curse at you or call you names? Why can't you hold it together? I thought we were having a conversation. You responded to every one of my posts but I'm the one pontificating. How nice for you. I guess a blow job is out of the question?

BTW, when large corporations who do business primarily in America incorporate in the cayman islands, we don't call that a scam, it's called exercising a legal loop hole. But when individuals do something similar, it's a scam. Once again, you prove only little people commit crimes.
&gt;I like how people write that signing a contract ends all further discussions

Without getting into the rest of your points, I have to comment that this perspective on rules and contracts is strikingly pervasive among redditors, and unintentionally revealing of lack of life experience, compassion and imagination. This sort of absolutism about rules may make sense in gaming, but in daily life it plays out as magical thinking -- nevermind the irony that this view is held by people who consider themselves skeptical and scientific. I really hope it's just a function of youth that will be modified by time, but if not the public policy implications are more than a little scary.
Wrong dipshit, capitalism isn't only made of MEGACORP, LLC, INC, LTD, FTW!!!

It's also made of up of a ton of Joe's Bar and Grill and Mom's Laundry Service and Ned's Repair Shop, and Ted's Computer Service, and Multi-million dollar per quarter family owned and operated businesses.

You can choose to ignore that all day long, but trust me, not everyone is as self-centered as you either are, or want them to be. I'm a capitalist, I own my own company, I do charity work, I treat my contractors VERY well, and I'm a human being - am I doing it all for the press? Fuck no.
So her health insurance no longer is paying for her ongoing care?
Your naietivity astounds me... I'm truly surprised you are *so naive*. How you could miss the entire point... I mean, do you just read press releases and say, "Wow, that Target is a swell company! Look at all they're doing for my community!" 

Do you just watch commercials and think "Man, America sure is great. Look at all these companies willing to give back to the community"

Or that story of Wal-Mart giving millions in merchandise to the people of New Orleans after Katrina. Did you think "Man, Wal-Mart really was top notch there!" 

Well, congratulations sir, *ignorance truly must be bliss*.
&gt;Morals are not in line with capitalism.

Suddenly turned into:

&gt;Capitalism is about money. If you think there is anything else, than you're fucking naive.

Which you followed with:

&gt;So stop pretending for one second that corporations have some sense of morality and balance

I gave you SPECIFIC fucking examples of Corporations that DO have a moral compass and you're answer is "But Target isn't."

No difference in your comments than someone saying that blacks are lazy and asians can't drive. You are a bigot.
omfg rofl... A bigot? Really?

It's totally different. Totally, *completely* different.

You gave me one example, your own company, and since you have a strong bias as you own it, I don't accept that example.

You then gave the example of mom and pop stores and what not. Show me a car dealership that doesn't rip people off for money.

Theres a reason car mechanics have a terrible reputation for *taking advantage of people*. Ya know what that reason is. *Money*.

Theres a reason mom and pop restaurants are replaced constantly by big box fast food chains. If, for some reason, they don't adhere to the tenets of capitalism (*Money!*) than they cease being competitive and end up going out of business in many cases.

Jesus Christ, a bigot. Wow, that's just fucking hilarious.

You're like a Christian. It's impossible for you to be wrong. The possibility does not exist. All that exists is your world view as you see it, and not only is someone of another viewpoint wrong, but they're evil. In my case, apparently I'm a *bigot*.

I haven't explicitly insulted except for calling you naive, and now, equating you with Christian (Read: close-minded). These are things I would tell anyone who behaved like you are, because, you are acting like these things.

I'm not a bigot for cynically accepting the reality of business in our society. I'm *prejudiced* against a company. I don't hate any of the companies or stop dealing with them for their actions.

I simply accept the nature of business. The point of business is to drive a profit. Period. That is the sole, singular point of business. There is nothing else.

A company giving back, is lowering profits. They are either destroying their own profits for their own reasons, which is bad business, and in a corporation where you're dealing with shareholders and investors, doesn't happen. It's a bad business practice and theres a reason why so many small business fail. They're unwilling to accept the realities of business and be *truly competitive* against businesses that are willing to.

Or, they are doing it for publicity. Actually, nix that. It's always for the publicity. I've yet to see a small business who worked at the local woman's shelter or something similar who didn't post pictures and stories on their webpage, or in their store.

But MAN! A bigot! Christ you're a fucking riot man.
omfg rofl... A bigot? Really?

It's totally different. Totally, *completely* different.

You gave me one example, your own company, and since you have a strong bias as you own it, I don't accept that example.

You then gave the example of mom and pop stores and what not. Show me a car dealership that doesn't rip people off for money.

Theres a reason car mechanics have a terrible reputation for *taking advantage of people*. Ya know what that reason is. *Money*.

Theres a reason mom and pop restaurants are replaced constantly by big box fast food chains. If, for some reason, they don't adhere to the tenets of capitalism (*Money!*) than they cease being competitive and end up going out of business in many cases.

Jesus Christ, a bigot. Wow, that's just fucking hilarious.

You're like a Christian. It's impossible for you to be wrong. The possibility does not exist. All that exists is your world view as you see it, and not only is someone of another viewpoint wrong, but they're evil. In my case, apparently I'm a *bigot*.

I haven't explicitly insulted except for calling you naive, and now, equating you with Christian (Read: close-minded). These are things I would tell anyone who behaved like you are, because, you are acting like these things.

I'm not a bigot for cynically accepting the reality of business in our society. I'm *prejudiced* against a company. I don't hate any of the companies or stop dealing with them for their actions.

I simply accept the nature of business. The point of business is to drive a profit. Period. That is the sole, singular point of business. There is nothing else.

A company giving back, is lowering profits. They are either destroying their own profits for their own reasons, which is bad business, and in a corporation where you're dealing with shareholders and investors, doesn't happen. It's a bad business practice and theres a reason why so many small business fail. They're unwilling to accept the realities of business and be *truly competitive* against businesses that are willing to.

Or, they are doing it for publicity. Actually, nix that. It's always for the publicity. I've yet to see a small business who worked at the local woman's shelter or something similar who didn't post pictures and stories on their webpage, or in their store.

But MAN! A bigot! Christ you're a fucking riot man.
&gt;I don't accept that example.

Why, I'm part of the system you are generalizing.

&gt;Show me a car dealership that doesn't rip people off for money.

I used to work for ADP, I've trained over 200 different dealership groups on proper sales techniques and practices. I understand the view, but I can name 4 different dealer groups in 4 different states that I know for a fact I wouldn't hesitate to show you all the inner workings of - and know you wouldn't find "ripping people off for money" as a practice there. Yes, they are rare, but remember you told me it is impossible for capitalism to work along side morality.

Yes, you just generalized millions of people in an industry as immoral scum. You are a bigot.

&gt;Theres a reason car mechanics have a terrible reputation for *taking advantage of people.*

Again, so you are telling us that everyone that works on cars is a thief. How is this not a sweeping generalization, proving my "you are bigot comment" yet again, I couldn't script this better.

&gt;Bigot: a person who is utterly intolerant of any differing creed, belief, or opinion. 

Ok, so maybe not totally an accurate term for you, prejudicial asshat would perhaps fit better.

You are "prejudiced" against **all** companies, not a company. 

I called bullshit on your sweeping generalizations, and all you have done in response if make more sweeping generalizations, and made choices to ignore facts that show your generalizations to be completely false.

&gt;I've yet to see a small business who worked at the local woman's shelter or something similar who didn't post pictures and stories on their webpage, or in their store.

That's because a lot of them do it ANONYMOUSLY and you can't prove a negative on that one. I can tell you I know a multi-millionaire that owns more than 20 small businesses and still works 8 hours a week at a local homeless shelter - he doesn't advertise it - just like he doesn't advertise the source of the fat certified check that goes to the local food bank each Thanksgiving - but again, you will not accept these sort of examples because it doesn't fit your view.
Than that makes him a GOOD PERSON. IT DOES NOT MAKE HIS BUSINESS A GOOD BUSINESS.

I'm tired of you insulting me. I'm not prejudiced. I don't hate, dislike or even avoid ANY company because of it.

It's clear, like I said before, that arguing with you is like trying to tell a Christian that there is a possibility God doesn't exist. They won't hear it. They *can't* hear it.

You can't accept a basic fundamental tenet of our society. You can insult me, call me a bigot, an asshat, prejudiced. 

You're constantly humanizing a non-human entity (a business) and applying human morals to it. 

It's man made creation, a tool, whose sole purpose is to drive profit. 

It's singular point of existance, the reason the concept of business was created, was for money.

And I'm terribly sorry that you can't accept that.

I do, however, *love* that you latch onto my examples, that attempt to hastily show what I'm saying, but don't say a word about my actual points.

Please, prove to me that the point of business is *morality*. That it's *social responsibility*.

I don't give two shits about the people who work for these businesses. People are allowed to be socially conscious.

Bill Gates is a generous man. Microsoft is a backstabbing, colluding, divisive, mean company out to drive profit.
Because the Mob are instanly against wall-mart, without ever caring to read about the case. Wall mart stepped up to pay this womans medical fees when it was the DRIVER OF THE TRUCK who was liable. When she won all she needed off him, they wanted their money back. She doesn't need both parties money, I think they were in their rights to protect their company.

Summary:
The insurance company *paid her medical bills*, not Wal-Mart.
She PAID for the insurance from Wal-Mart.
She didn't get money from Wal-Mart.
She had wal-mart pay the bills.
&gt; The insurance company paid her medical bills, not Wal-Mart.
I don't know if you realize this, but Wal-mart is in the business of making money.
Don't you want your money back?
Walmart paid when they didnt need to.
Wal-Mart is RESPONSIBLE for her medical care.
They sued to get more money.
I would agree with that.
That's what I just said.
Walmart is a bad corporation, but not because of this.
Well, the person had insurance, one.
Wal-Mart is legally allowed to get it's money back.
She doesn't need both parties money, I think they were in their rights to protect their company.
So are the people that make them.
You get one for being injured while under Wal-Mart contract.
You **still don't get it**.
If more money is needed, it should be up to the trucking company if anyone.
no its it's Walmart getting the health care payout the other company is responsible for .
It's not like Wal-mart is the exception here.
I still think the trucking company should be sued.
The point here is that Walmart was legally "in the right" yet not morally.
it just makes things bad.
Walmart is fucking people left and right.
The woman collected over $400,000 from Wal-Mart through their health insurance benefits.
However, that doesn't mean that Wal-Mart *had* to take that money back.
As evil as Wal-Mart may be, I think they were actually in the right to want the money back this time.
I don't give two shits about the people who work for these businesses.
I manage the health plan for my company.
I'm *prejudiced* against a company.
Why do you think that would be a bad thing?
I don't know if you're stupid or not, but that's trolling.
But again, I feel in this case where Walmart says they are looking out for the best interests of their company.
So, actually, yeah, Wal-mart paid her medical bills.
You are "prejudiced" against **all** companies, not a company.
I don't hate any of the companies or stop dealing with them for their actions.
And I call bullshit on you.
Wal-Mart has billions and billions of dollars.
I don't see this a victory at all.
I hope you get some good experiences to go with the bad.
I'm not saying it isn't unfair to Walmart.
When she won all she needed off him, they wanted their money back.
It was a jury award **from the trucking company not Wal-Mart**.
It very well may be.
Deserve it or need it?
The point is, that money wasn't going to help anyone.
Wal-Mart is bad and deserves to be called out when it's in the wrong, but this is simply not the case here.
I simply accept the nature of business.
They *did* let this one go for the good press.
I would in fact, do the same thing, but that doesn't make it ethically correct.
The only thing that doesn't make sense is your comment.
Right, this still doesnt make them not an evil corporation.
They got paid by wal-mart for the injuries, then by *another* company for the injuries?
Why isn't this the case here?
Walmart was every bit *right* to ask for its money back.
Companies don't give back to the community as a way of *saying thanks*.
They are in a position to do the right thing.
This person wasn't trying to scam 
Wal-Mart.
**Wal-Mart didn't give this woman one cent.
!11"

I don't give two shits how they're going to pay Wal-Mart back.
She's getting her medical bills paid twice.
They deserved to be covered for the medical bills, and they got it.
2) I don't see anyone doing lots of good things.
&gt; The point is, that money wasn't going to help anyone.
How dare companies have rights?
Get off the Wal-Mart hate bandwagon and actually think about each case for yourself.
This one is getting notoriety because its Walmart.
The point of business is to drive a profit.
How much of that money was for pain and suffering?
How would I go and help this stupid lady???
Wal-Mart is a huge company.
And you think this will affect Walmart how?
Anyway, I could be wrong and that very well may be.
You know how much I would save shopping at Wal-Mart instead of Target?
If you think there is anything else, than you're *fucking naive*.
If you think there is anything else, than you're fucking naive.
'scam' doesn't have anything to do with the law.
The scum they are, for working the system like that.
I can't speak for walmart, but there's no _contract_ that the employees sign here.
Wow two cases of walmart helping communities.
Did XXX Insurance help pay for the court case?
You know, I like my news sans morality but that's just me.
She was paid for her injuries once by the health plan, and a second time by the court case.
How is it free money?
If I know and love that person, I would then care about them.
They have the money and the responsibility not to make mentally disabled people poor and without a job.
COBRA means you can **pay the insurance premium yourself**.
Her medical bills are paid, but there is no money for care other than what the state and the husband can provide.
And a sad sad case.
By doing this, every disabled employee will now use this as an example on why they deserve tons of money from Wal-mart.
The fund that all their employees share for medical expenses.
Like I said, I'm not well-off.
Do you even know what happened in this case?
My point is *everybody* needs money to get by.
I thought it was in her health insurance that she had to pay them back if she got funds from elsewhere?
Well, I hate to say it, but natural fucking selection.
This was the corporate medical insurance trust trying to recover the funds.
Also, why didn't Walmart pay the attorney fees that the woman incurred.
They didn't hit her with a truck.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.38
