Original Response:
אני נולדתי לשלום, זה נחון לשלום!

Ani noladti lashalom, zeh nachon, lashalom!

I was born for the peace, that's right, for the peace!
MAZL TOV!
I read that the Influence of the elite, allegedly the catholic church, placed the jewish homeland around a bunch of muslims so that shit would hit the fan...
[deleted]
it's referring to after WW II, so i guess what i said doesn't make much sense, since that area, is allegedly the home of the jews historically, but dont' some purport that the "jews" we consider to be ethnic jews, are different from those that back thousands of years ago or so, were enslaved by egypt etc.
Some people purport that, yes.  We call those people "Palestinian nationalists and their supporters".  Nobody else holds that notion.
if i may further inquire...how then were the jews displaced from their homeland originally, and the palestinians put in their place?
In 70AD the Romans destroyed the Second Temple and ended Jewish self-rule in Israel.  They then renamed the area "Filistina" after the Philistine people who lived to the north of Israel, and who had been the enemies of the Jews.

A few hundred years later, after the birth of the Islamic-Arab empire, the Arabs invaded and captured the entire Levant (Israel, Jordan, Lebanon) from the Byzantine empire.  They held it until the Turks took over.  The Turks held it until World War 1.  Then the British held it and promised the entire "Palestine" area (ie: Modern Israel + Modern Palestine + Modern Jordan) to the Jews.  Then they promised it all to the Arabs.

So after World War 2, the U.N. decided to give East of the Jordan River to the Hashemite Arab kings (kingdom of Jordan), then split the remaining region between Jews and Arabs.  The Jews accepted this partition plan, and the Arabs rejected it, in 1948.  Thus were born modern Israel and modern Palestine.

The Jews never wanted to leave Israel, they always prayed to go back, and numerous attempts I didn't relate to you (because they failed) were made by the Jews to reestablish sovereignty in Israel.  In 1948, they finally succeeded, but by then the Arabs had lived there for so long they felt entitled to keep their ill-gotten lands.
thank you, happy birthday israel ;)
According to your description it doesn't seem like the arabs' land was particularly ill-gotten.  The people living there don't even seem to be to blame; it seems like the various external occupiers were the problem.
From a genetic standpoint you can't really tell anything because [Jews are just like Palestinians](http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2000/05/000509003653.htm).    I guess who cares though because Jews seem to have a devout and long-lasting cultural and religious connection to those people.  Isn't that enough?
yes, but the way things are going, this isn't working out too well for some reason...either people who support israel care nothing for the suffering of the people who were living there, or think it's acceptable to break a few eggs to make an omelet. breaking somebody else's eggs to make your omelet...
I was just responding to the question of whether the Jews are the same people who who the Old Testament talks about.

I did not mean to say they had some special right to the land because of that.  There are plenty of examples of how the past is disregarded.  There's the Americas for example, and that land was taken far more recently.  There are various migrations, such as the Slavs.  There are times when certain countries had much larger territories, and there are various empires which persisted for quite a long time.  I'm sure there are also plenty of tribes whose religion includes the idea that some higher power gave them their land.  There are also plenty of examples of genocide and ethnic cleansing, many of which haven't led to any sort of reversal.

It seems to me like there has been no precedent for doing something like creating Israel as some sort of justice.  It's more like colonization.
Thing being that the Arabs *were* an external occupier.  They occupied between the Byzantine Empire and the Ottoman Turkish Empire.  The problem is that, in traditional "let's take possession of our imperially-gained land" fashion, they colonized and settled the land they occupied.

This is why there are Arabs in Israel, and this is why there are Arabs in Egypt (yes, Copts (descendants of the Ancient Egyptians) DO exist and DO still live in Egypt!).
I meant that the variety of events which had happened in the past did not really seem to put much blame on the Arabs living there now.  The Jewish diaspora had started a long time before they moved there.

I had no idea that the Egyptians weren't the same people as the Ancient Egyptians.  Thanks for pointing that out.
&gt;I meant that the variety of events which had happened in the past did not really seem to put much blame on the Arabs living there now. The Jewish diaspora had started a long time before they moved there.

I get what you're saying.  The Palestinian Arabs of today are more like someone who stole an already stolen car than the original thief who stole it from the real owner(s) (ie: the Jews).

The problem is that once it gets tracked down and the owners come for it, you have to *give back* a stolen car.  The fact that the Jews offered to share the land (see: UN Partition Plan, Oslo Accords, land-for-peace principle) instead of just booting the second-hand -thief Arabs out entirely is actually *really nice* of them.
Yeah, it works that way with cars, but it doesn't seem to work that way on a large scale with land.  There don't seem to be many people saying that Europeans should leave the Americas or that the Slavs should go back to wherever they came from in the 6th century.  Plus if people really had to go back, then why not make Jews go back to Israel?
Go ask a Native American if the Europeans should leave America.  I damn well think they should and would if they had a damn conscience.

And if you ask a sincere Zionist, they will tell you that all Jews *should* go back to Israel.

Summary:
Plus if people really had to go back, then why not make Jews go back to Israel?
I meant that the variety of events which had happened in the past did not really seem to put much blame on the Arabs living there now.
Thing being that the Arabs *were* an external occupier.
Then they promised it all to the Arabs.
The Jews accepted this partition plan, and the Arabs rejected it, in 1948.
&gt;I meant that the variety of events which had happened in the past did not really seem to put much blame on the Arabs living there now.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
