Original Response:
Don't they have NCLB state exams they need to study for instead of thinking?
A very interesting article, but I don't think we see eye to eye on what creepy and scary is. It's more food for thought, that "never again" is easier said than done because it may be a sick part of being human. Or there are many symptoms preceding genocide and the international community should have more active involvement when these symptoms start to appear. And given an inspiring teacher our youth can pull off some amazing stuff.
Well, at least we have the cold comfort of knowing there are some high-school kids out there with brains in there heads.
I do want to read this story.. however, downmodded because I'd have to register on yet another f**king website to be able to see it.

Please don't put "You must register first" links on reddit.
Prompted by a great teacher...
&gt;“The Holocaust is taught too often purely as a historical event, an anomaly, a moment in time,” Mr. Walz said in a recent interview, recalling his approach. “Students understood what had happened and that it was terrible and that the people who did this were monsters.

&gt;“The problem is,” he continued, “that relieves us of responsibility. Obviously, the mastermind was sociopathic, but on the scale for it to happen, there had to be a lot of people in the country who chose to go down that path. You have to make the intellectual leap to figure out the reasons why.”


YES. This is the clearest statement by example of what is wrong with the American approach to schooling at the pre-college level, and how that approach should be different.
Yes.  :-)
I have my own guesses, but I'd really like to see what this class identified as the causal items that can predict genocide.
This was 15 years ago.  Sorry.
[deleted]
Clear your cookies.
Sounds like a self fufilling prophecy to me. 

Edit: This is a joke
Use bugmenot.com to bypass registration. If you use firefox, there's an extension that will actually check bugmenot for you and put in the login/password info for you on the site you don't want to bother registering for. Just sayin'.
[deleted]
Hopeful, inspiring: High school teacher gets students engaged in study and creative thinking
Neither creepy nor scary.  It shows what simple, accurate, objective education can accomplish.  It doesn't take a doctorate to understand world events.
Agreed, genocide is creepy as scary but using research and thought to understand human behavior is admirable.
NYT is not just 'another website' - it's very much worth registering, seeing as it's a major, reputable (and relatively high-quality) news source. And now that it's free, anyone vaguely interested in what's going on in the world around them should register.
[deleted]
[deleted]
"White people did WHAT?!"
Great story.
[deleted]
Does anyone ever wonder if genocide or ethnic cleansing could happen again in the US? With the rise of xenophobia and ignorance, it seems possible.
[deleted]
In 1986 I was in High School and did a report on the Solidarity movement in Poland. My prediction was that if Solidarity was allowed to exist and prosper that we would see a reverse domino effect in the Soviet block countries, possibly as soon as 1989, the end result would be the end of the Soviet Union as we knew it.

The teacher gave me a "C" and wrote on it in large red letters "THIS WILL NEVER HAPPEN!"
Pre-college? Hell, there are professors that can't make the leap.
I hope you framed it and put it in the front hallway of the school.
I hope you reminded the teacher of that. What were their political opinions?
From the article:

&gt; The evidence was the ethnic divide between Hutus and Tutsis, the favoritism toward Tutsis shown by the Belgian colonial regime, and the previous outbreaks of tribal violence.

Not applicable to all cases, but that lot predicts a lot of similar events.
yes. first it will be anyone with a criminal record. Not genocide per se.
He was very much a conservative Republican.
To find out if that's the case, we'd need to know how many other schools did similar projects.
Given No Child Left Behind, and the educational  bureaucracy's penchant for regurgitating info and not analyzing and understanding info...

The number you are looking for is probably close to 0.

I had 3 teachers in high school of this caliber, and regretfully by the time I got to them I was so cynical towards schooling that I didn't take full advantage of their awesomeness.
I'd have been honoured to have such a teacher. Imagine what would happen if there were more such teachers
Huh? Can you elaborate?
I reckon the first to be rounded up would be people with criminal records.. The "jew" class of our society!
Genocide happens when a group of people in power convince themselves that another group is less human or less valuable than they view themselves. Perhaps they also fear the other group or want to scapegoat them for their problems. This was true of the Nazis view of Jews, Slavs, Gypsies, homosexuals and people with disabilities. It was true of the Turks and their view of Armenians. Southern whites view of blacks during the Jim Crow era when lynchings were common. The British view of Catholic Irish peasants in Ireland when during the “famine” all saleable food was exported from Ireland under armed British guard. When any group in power convinces themselves that a less powerful group in their midst are their inferiors, genocide can happen. Killing someone you believe inferior to yourself can be rationalized as being like killing a dangerous animal. It’s not that Germans, Turks, or British are naturally evil people; they are not. But they were in positions of power and they saw an advantage in eliminating a group they perceived as less valuable or worthy than themselves. We need to be watchful of comments made by majorities about the inferiority of or danger presented by minority groups.
Not in the typical sense. Ethnic cleansing/genocide wound not happen. I think were much more likely to end up with an even larger prison system and due to the devaluation of our currency, a caste like system where the divide between the rich and the poor has grown so great the chasm can no longer be crossed.
LOL - their heads
Sorry, just could resist
There'd be a better selection of assorted nuts?
That teacher should be renamed Hari Seldon.
The most frustrating and sad part of the article - "To everyone else, it’s 8,000 miles away — no one cares"

People that don't care about stuff like this happening are psychopaths and are going to end up allowing it to happen to themselves.
It's not creepy, it is called "education," or the training to look at the world and make informed predictions.
werewolf bar mitzvah?
Friedrich A. Hayek.  Wrote a book about this very thing called the 'road to serfdom'.  It is a facinating read.  http://jim.com/hayek.htm
so he was an idiot.
Sometimes most, depending on where you live.
Well, in that sense they sort of already are. See: all the stories about our prison population.

But they're not really killing them (us).
&gt;LOL - their heads Sorry, just could resist

Good job.
ooh 'chilling'.. brrrrr
Send him a snail mail and remind him of this. That will cheer him up.
Yes, PuP5, everybody who disagrees with *you* is automagically an idiot!
Is genocide wrong on a cosmic scale?
PuP5 is right. The right-wing, or even just plain conservativism - is not populated with the world's great thinkers. It's not a bastion for nuance, subtlety - but for simple, brutal answers that lack compassion and empathy.
No. What is creepy and scary is that people are NOT taught to understand the causes of genocide. On this topic one should learn to identify with and understand the perpetrators, see them as humans like ourselves. Most can feel compassion for the victims; but to eradicate genocide, we need to understand that the people who carry it out aren't necessarily ravenous monsters, but normal human beings who have acquired a belief system that makes what they are doing seems just. This point is Genocide 101.
Says the person who probably couldn't even name many of the other genocides in the last 50 years or currently occurring, and who has almost certainly never done anything proportionate to lessen their effects.

Not that I'm any different.
Creepy and scary is 'always identifying with the good guys, and thinking that our own team must by definition of our own inclusion, be right'.

Creepy and scary is talking about genocide as if it's something only 'other people' are capable of committing. That's the worrying thing about the US. It sees itself as a clumsy but well-intentioned team of good guys. To prevent genocide, one needs to think 'hey, its highly possible WE are the bad guys'.
This is a stupid thing to say considering the context of our times.

You have paid media pundits scapegoating minorities. You are ABOUT to have a huge population of highly skilled, unemployed former-soldiers who are adapted to murdering human beings in your midst.

You have a culture that thrives on scapegoating, when you think about it.

You have a culture that leans toward fascism.

You have a climate that rejoices in militarism and nationalism, and a bad record on human rights.

You have a culture in which education has been cut and stripped, and ordinary decent people are credulous to views like 'we can break the Geneva Convention, this isn't really a War on human beings, but a war on terror itself'.

You have a culture that forgives itself very easily and quickly.

No, genocide is just a tool. The conditions are ripe for facsism, you just need a pretext. You watch. If there is a deep recession or depression, you'll see Mexicans or Arab conspiracies being blamed. Even if it's not organized centrally, small pockets of Americans could easily round up and start lynching Mexicans, and believing it's their patriotic duty to do so.
thanks for that link.  interesting read.  a little too strong a correlation between socialism and totalitarianism, thus it's positioning as counter to democracy.  but hey, who isn't a product of their times?

thanks again.
god damn.  so i _am_ the center of the universe.  wait till i tell my mom.
Recognizable trends in history allowing for accurate predictions of the future.

Yeah, creepy.
I would like to subscribe to your newsletter...
don't confuse party affiliation with political/economic philosophy.
It's wrong on a human scale.  Killing another person because of a certain ancestry is wrong.  (I would go so far as to say killing any person is wrong, but maybe that's just me.) 

Does the cosmos care?  Nope.  The universe may even be better off if we just nuke each other off.
Easy way to tell if genocide has occurred: if white people live there, and it's not Europe.... chances are genocide has occurred.

And sometimes even if it is in  Europe.
Spot on.  Genocides happen because there's
emormous gains in political or fiscal or
social power to be had thereby.  

Here's an economics lesson I find interesting: in the 20th century, about
160 million unarmed civilians were
killed by their own governments for political
advantage.  About 40 million, all told, armed
soldiers were killed in wars.  What's the
lesson?  It's 4 times easier to kill your
own citizens for political gain, than the armed citizens of another country for political gain.
What's so scary, creepy, or for that matter interesting?  Genocide is sadly about the easiest thing predict when it comes to politics unfortunately..
&gt;automagically

I don't know if that is a typo or not, but I love it.
Thanks. Do you think we think genocide is wrong because we are afraid that we or our predecessors might be on the wrong side of one some day (and we care about all these)? Or do you think that is too "rational" a reason?
[deleted]
The fuck are you talking about? The teacher _was_ an idiot. And come on, most conservative Republicans really aren't the sharpest knives in the drawer.
[The Banality of Evil](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banality_of_evil):

&gt;The Banality of Evil is a phrase coined in 1963 by Hannah Arendt in her work Eichmann in Jerusalem. It describes the thesis that the great evils in history generally, and the Holocaust in particular, were not executed by fanatics or sociopaths but rather by ordinary people who accepted the premises of their state and therefore participated with the view that their actions were normal.
&gt; “You have to understand what caused genocide to happen,” Mr. Walz said, with those grim anniversaries in mind. “Or it will happen again.”

Dude still doesn't get it.

It will happen again. And again.
You over estimate Americans.


The American people are entirely too lazy to do what you are describing on a large scale. Sure, you have pockets of assholes that will lash out, but on a mass scale it won't happen.


The government has nothing to benefit from by targeting a specific group. Heck, they actually benefit from having radicals running around this country causing a ruckus. It allows them to justify all sorts of expenses and to repeal amendments right and left. They NEED those radicals.
It's nearly official:

http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/automagically
I know some very angry people because they are losing their business and homes as the jobs they used to get and on which they counted (in construction) are being given to exploited workers from other countries (who do not always make less money).

The anger toward the people doing these jobs now much like the labor union members early in this century blaming 'scabs'. I personally don't think it is important that the new workers are from another place or look a little different. If violence erupts, it will be due to a feeling of injustice and powerlessness. Perhaps it will be directed toward some minority, but it could just as likely be directed at those who are getting increasingly richer while exploiting those who are becoming increasingly poorer.  

Prejudice is often a class thing, not always a racial thing. I could see a class war break out in this country.  Check this out.

http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/20/business/20workexcerpt.html?scp=10&amp;sq=unemployment&amp;st=nyt
Scary and creepy that if a bunch of HS kids can predict this kind of thing, then others can too; probably do; and no nothing to stop them.
NYTimes reported this?

Then these select students must have ignored Palestine and the current genocide, otherwise the NYTimes wouldn't have returned their calls.
This class was taught back in the halcyon days of the 1990s, back before Columbine and 9/11 and NCLB turned our schools into prisons.
We think genocide is wrong because we think killing without good reason is wrong, and genocide is that on a much larger scale.  

Do we think that murder is wrong because we are afraid that we or someone we care about may find themselves on the receiving end?   In a way, maybe.  We don't want to be murdered or have someone we care about murdered, but I don't believe that murder is wrong because it can make people feel bad.  Our moral code dictates a right to life, so every person has a moral obligation to not kill anyone else.

That makes it sounds very black and white, and when it comes to murder there are a whole lot of different shades of gray.
This was in the early 90s.
[deleted]
They are knaves!
Back in 2000 (I was in the 10th grade) my best friend and I were assigned a project to write a story in the vein of the Odyssey. We decided to write about tracking down and killing the most evil person in the world. There was an obvious choice: Osama bin Laden.
I'm not sure, But I don't think Public school teachers are allowed to do this anymore.
Could you, know?
Or if you see technology, tall buildings, and other neato things, chances are genocide has occurred.
That's not funn --

Edit: Ha ha
The Norwegian sociologist Johan Galtung also predicted the downfall of the Soviet Union when noone else was listening.

I attended one of his lectures a couple of years ago, where he predicted the downfall of the USA within 2020. 

Personally I do not agree with him, but so did many others with his Soviet Union prediction.
Thanks. Yes Human Rights have been agreed as public policy, so it is a convenient starting point in discussions on right and wrong.

&gt;We think genocide is wrong because we think killing without good reason is wrong, and genocide is that on a much larger scale.

Does there exist any good reasons to kill another human being? Resources?
And which explains why so many people stubbornly refuse to consider the war on drugs or the war on terror ongoing acts of genocide.

It's so funny that this story is in The New York Times as they've been purveyors of both of these ruinous policies and yet look at them now, lecturing us as though in a position of authority.

Well, of course, they are in a position of authority.  Their being fully complicit in these policies, I am most interested in this newspapers point-of-view on the subject.

In the same way I want to know why the ax murderer felt he had to use an ax.
Thank you.  The war on drugs is genocide.  The war on terror is genocide.
Yes, it's one great big pose on their part.  They do a story on this as a way of saying they're the experts on genocide, and so if they say what Jews are doing to Palestine isn't genocide, we'd better believe it, because, after all, they're the experts.

It's all shit of course.
is there by chance a transcription of that lecture, I would be interested in his reasoning behind that.
In all of it's history, the United State's has never manifested much belief in a class divide, with people of every stripe affirming a belief that they are middle-class. Possibly, they think this because they can afford cell-phones. The idea of a class war has always been a fear (and i think a strange myth) inside the minority with a lot of money - that sort of fear dates centuries back in all countries. This fear of bolshevism or a french revolution is fairly unfounded - things were truly difficult for the peasants who launched those campaigns, and even then they were being manipulated by someone - it wasn't a case of true class loyalty, really.

 which is why liberals get so much difficulty from those conservatives with any position or influence (like the media). Class rhetoric doesn't exist anywhere, really. The problems will come from the top down, people being encouraged to blame minorities simply because if their eyes are there, they won't be on the (class of) people who caused problems in the first place. if the mexican example doesn't seem real, i should have called it 'illegals'. i could be wrong, but why couldn't the iraq situation be regarded as a useless diversion? It has gained the United States little and cost us and the Iraqi people a great deal. What was would be the motivation for such an adventure?

Either way, there is little to be done for anyone, other than learn how not to be malleable to the idea of war and genocide. We shouldn't see war as a tool, but a terrible facet of the human experience that we must evolve away from.
why would you spend more money than you own?
&gt; Check this out.

&gt;http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/20/business/20workexcerpt.html?scp=10&amp;sq=unemployment&amp;st=nyt

Damn good article btw.
It's a battle over the definition of genocide, which the NYTimes is Ziontologically complicit in redefining to the Zionist's advantage.

Genocide means a lot more to us, as Americans.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genocide_definitions

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convention_on_the_Prevention_and_Punishment_of_the_Crime_of_Genocide
um the world's ending in December 21 2012? Have you not got your dates right to prepare for the coming apocalypse?
Did you add that word yourself?
Yeah, 800,000 Tutus, an attempt to kill them all, is exactly like 4,000 Palestinians over 7 years. You insult and demean the victims of actual genocide with your hatred.
What sickens people, well most people but clearly not you or nolilli, is the 800,000 deaths. You somehow see 4,000 deaths over 7 years during a war as the same as 800,000 deaths in a few weeks in violence unrelated to a war.
Since "white people" have been everywhere on Earth that is a pretty easy prediction. And if you are going to re-define "white" to include Turks you are going to play all kind of games. Like blaming the genocide in East Timor on whites. And the Khmer Rouge were obviously white. And so on.
What do you think about people who use this article as an opportunity to attack Jews and Israel?
East Timor.
Darfur.
Congo.
Too much of East and Central Africa.

What did you have in mind?
I hate it when people diminish the term "genocide" by using it with reference to things  like the War on Drugs.

Genocide is (quoting Merriam-Webster here): the deliberate and systematic destruction of a racial, political, or cultural group.

Being *indifferent* to the toll the implementation of your policies are taking on a population or sub-group of a population is not the same as the deliberate destruction of that population.
Genocide is only partially defined by murder.

You insult the actual victims of genocide with your own anti-Arab, anti-Islam, antigentilic and antisemitic hate, Ziontologist.

Go spread your anti-Israel warmongering hate somewhere else.  Here we can handle the truth.

Read these, which I'm sure you've already seen and have prepared talking points to immorally deny them with:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Convention_on_the_Prevention_and_Punishment_of_the_Crime_of_Genocide

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genocide_definitions

Do you work for CAMERA?
Read the above, your canard of defining genocide by #'s of murders has been debunked and discredited so often you should be ashamed to spread such antisemitic propaganda, twice on the same thread even.

I think both genocides are terrible.  Luckily the Palestinian genocide hasn't resulted in as many murders yet, so the international community can step in to preserve their lives, freedom, and culture.  

Israelis are ashamed how you speak in their name, when they think you are a scumbag extremist.  They want peace.  You are a chickenhawk Ziontologist.
&gt; Being indifferent to the toll the implementation of your policies are taking on a population or sub-group of a population is not the same as the deliberate destruction of that population.

WTF?  It is deliberate destruction if we see what the policy does but nevertheless continue the policy!

Being indifferent would be a defense, but only if the toll weren't borne as a result of the implementation of the policy.  We are actively doing this to these people.  We can't then turn around and say we didn't mean to, or that it wasn't or intent to inflict this harm, not while we know Goddamn well that that is the result of what we do.

C'mon man!
Duly noted and gave the article the upmod it deserved.
The war on drugs continues for silly political reasons, not to exterminate a particular group. The war on terror is intended to solidify American influence in the Middle East as China and India rise in power and as oil becomes more scarce.

You don't accidentally commit genocide, though poorly thought out policies can have similarly ill and morally abhorrent effects.
Sorry. Don't agree. You can call that callous hard-heartedness toward victims (and self-inflicted victims) a lot of things but its not a genocide.
You need to educate yourself more as to the reality of these policies.

The war on drugs was borne of racist hatred; for Chinese, for Mexicans, but most of all for blacks.  Cocaine was criminalized for the express purpose of destroying African-Americans and it is no coincidence that we incarcerate more blacks for drug offenses than any other group or that the drug in question is usually cocaine.

As for the war on terror, if the goal was truly as you say it is, we wouldn't see the White House countermanding the best judgment of our military leaders and putting such a small force on the ground in Iraq.  And then when we see coalition forces caught in the act of staging false-flag attacks on Shiites while posing as Sunnis and vice versa, as we did with the SAS in Basra, we can easily see that in fact the goal all along was start a war between the two factions of Islam, to expressly destroy this group, in part if not in whole.
What you don't understand is that it is the process, not the number of deaths.  The only logical conclusion to Israeli policy as it is inflicted upon the Palestinian people is their eventual destruction.

We cry genocide because it is in progress and we choose to hope to see it stop.  Recognizing it as genocide after everybody is dead defeats the whole point of recognizing such policies as being criminal.
But as we can see by a plain reading of the convention on Genocide it very much is.
I accidentally cut this kid on line to pay for my meal at lunch today. I guess it was an act of genocide.
I think you got your rant wrong.  Wouldn't be a pro-Israel warmonger, not an anti-Israel one?
He was responding to Phazon, not you.
He was responding to Phazon, not you.
No, I don't think so.

&gt;Article 2
In the present Convention, **genocide means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group**, as such:

    * (a) Killing members of the group;
    * (b) Causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group;
    * (c) Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part;
    * (d) Imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group;
    * (e) Forcibly transferring children of the group to another group. 

If its not deliberate and intentional and the focal purpose and reason for the action it is not genocide.
Do you mean downfall in the sense that it will no longer be the dominant nation in the world, or in the Soviet manner of politically breaking up?  I can see the US being more of a power among powers in 2020 than the dominant super power, but I can't see any scenario where the US breaks up into sub-states.
There's an entire wing of the demoratic party that has a handful of conservatives - social and ecnomic but their foreign policy stances are much more in tune with the liberal side of the aisle so there they be.
As a poli sci nerd, I can't really see that happening - this is a bigger nation than most places with far more people of educated status than most nations.  We might no longer be the hegemon but we won't fall into disarray so much that the states no longer function.
[Boys becoming men, men becoming wolves!](http://www.nbc.com/30_Rock/video/#mea=166060)
&gt;In Travis’s class in global geography at Alliance High School, however, the teacher introduced the outside world with the word and concept of genocide.

Er, umm, who hired this guy?

EDIT:
&gt;Years have passed. Mr. Walz left Alliance and moved to his wife’s home state, Minnesota; he is the only active teacher now serving in the United States Congress.

Oh yeah - I voted for this guy.  He's a superdelegate, and supports Obama because we all voted for Obama in his district.
well that was about a 6th-grade level intelligence of a comment.
Perpetual war is not in Israel's best interest, and is not what the Israeli people want.  Therefore it is anti-Israel.
The war on drugs was borne of racist hatred; for Chinese, for Mexicans, but most of all for blacks. Cocaine was criminalized for the express purpose of destroying African-Americans and it is no coincidence that we incarcerate more blacks for drug offenses than any other group or that the drug in question is usually cocaine.

So it's easy to see how this policy began with a clear intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a racial group.  Every single one of the criteria listed here, from A to E, applies to the war on drugs as its been waged on African-Americans.

There is this great quote from H.R. Haldemann:

&gt; Nixon emphasized that you have to face the fact that the whole problem is really the blacks. The key is to devise a system that recognizes this while not appearing to.

Of course it was Nixon who began the war on drugs as we know it today.  But blacks weren't Nixon's only quarry.  When it was seen how effective the war on drugs was in damaging the counter-culture revolution, in effect, criminalizing it, it was waged with all new zeal.  It may be that back in the early part of last century when these drug laws first when on the books that hippies weren't the target, but the policy today has this group explicitly targeted.

They see what the policy does, and so they continue the policy.  Indeed, they often act to make the policy more severe.

We're not talking indifference.  We're not talking about lives lost through inaction on our part.  The war on drugs is a deliberate and systematic campaign to attack whole segments of our society.
You're asking extremely broad questions here. There have been numerous works on these topics; you should go find some books on the topic.
There are undoubtedly millions and millions of latinos and blacks put in American prisons because of the War of Drugs. But in order for it to be a genocide there would have to be **millions of murders by the state or state-sanctioned organizations** for no other  reason than for being black or hispanic and for using marijuana or cocaine or heroin. That doesn't happen.

No genocide.
Who is advocating perpetual war?  The "ziontologists"?  What is a "ziontologist", by the way?  Is it like a "Zionist"?
The fanatical Zionist element that plans for a "Greater Israel," needs perpetual war to attain its goals.  

Ziontologist = Zionist employing Scientology tactics of fair game.  For instance, the CAMERA group that pays people to lie on wikipedia, and on sites like reddit and digg.
None of which has anything to do with genocide.Racist hatred is not genocide. Criminalizing the favoured leisure activities of groups the state doesn't like is not genocide. Stiffer sentences for members of a group the state doesn't like when convicted of crimes is not genocide.
&gt; But in order for it to be a genocide there would have to be millions of murders by the state or state-sanctioned organizations...

The definition you yourself quoted in your previous post says nothing about millions, and murder is but only one of the five criteria of which any one alone can mean genocide.

&gt; No genocide.

Yes, if you resort to imaginary definitions of what genocide is, as you do here, then I suppose you can say anything.
What a bunch of pure, unadulterated, ignorant bullshit. 

The entire foundation of current Western civilisation is built on the "right wing" theories of the great economists. That you are so deluded into thinking the policies that have created more wealth, happiness and well-being in history are brutal is more than a little sad.
As we can [plainly see here](http://reddit.com/info/6gu0g/comments/c03t1gb), you are having great difficulties understanding what genocide means.
I'm the only one who has actually quoted the definition of genocide from the International Convention on Genocide.

Why don't you address my above points and explain how criminalizing marijuana use is a genocide against Mexicans and hispanics?
OK, fair enough. Explain how the War on Drugs is succeeding at any of b), c), d) or e).

Putting people in prison for breaking the law is not genocide.
You quoted it, that is, you can cut and paste but as we can [see here](http://reddit.com/info/6gu0g/comments/c03t1gb) you don't understand what you're talking about.  At all.

As for criminalizing marijuana as genocide against Mexicans, let's ask ourselves:

* does the policy kill Mexican-Americans?
* does the policy cause serious bodily or mental harm to Mexican-Americans?
* does the policy deliberately inflict conditions on Mexican-Americans calculated to bring about their destruction?
* does the policy impose measures intended to prevent births by Mexican-Americans?
* does the policy foricibly transfer Mexican-American children to some other group?

The answer to four of these is an unqualified yes.  And the answer to the third is yes too if you consider ethnic cleansing a form of destruction.

I know you don't want to see it this way, and that you've been fed a steady diet of propaganda that causes you to dismiss what we've done and what we're still doing to Latinos in the name of the war on drugs but it is very real regardless.
The law is irrelevant here.  What the Nazis allegedly did to Jews we are told was legal, they wrote laws that permitted them their atrocity.

I addressed the rest in the other reply to you.
* does the policy kill Mexican-Americans? 

**If they're involved in the drugs trade, yes.**
    
* does the policy cause serious bodily or mental harm to Mexican-Americans? 

**If they're involved in the drugs trade, yes.**
    
* does the policy deliberately inflict conditions on Mexican-Americans calculated to bring about their destruction? 

**No. There are more and more Mexicans living in the U.S. every year.If there was a genocide going on against Mexicans don't you think they wouldn't be moving there?**
    

* does the policy impose measures intended to prevent births by Mexican-Americans? 

**No. Mexican Americans have a higher birth-rate than anglo-Americans.**
   
 * does the policy foricibly transfer Mexican-American children to some other group? 

**If their parents have been put in prison or deported I'm sure some Mexican-American kids find themselves in foster care.**


All in all, not very convincing.
There is no such thing that could be described as an entire foundation of current Western civilisation (whatever that is).

The wealth you mention is in the hands of the top few percent. It is not a bed of roses for everybody else. Better systems imply a better distribution of wealth. And no poverty and suffering (which you don't seem to have noticed is rampant everywhere).

It is unarguable that welfare states have the highest living standards in the world. Right wing goosesteppers have brought the hell to Iraq, hell-to-Europe (during the 1930s-40s), hell to China (again, a right-wing country operating under the pretense of economic socialism, a facade complete with nationalism, cult-of-personality, extreme-censorship, militarism and all the other accoutrements of fascism).

But go ahead. Defend an ideology that protects only a small elite that you will never be a member of. I wouldn't be so certain you're going to be on the side of the barbed wire that you expect.
OK. Answer my questions.
Nope, they must drill useless facts into your brain to pass standardized tests that give no real measure of the schools actual teaching ability and no measure of a students intelligence or wealth of knowledge.
If you seriously interested I can only suggest you visit http://mapinc.org/drugnews/ and you will find ample evidence that all of these things are happening and to Mexican-Americans who have nothing to do with the drug trade.

Note that the definition of genocide has nothing to say about whether a population is growing or not; many are attracted to our economy and are willing to undertake great risk to be here; the war on drugs being just one such risk.

I doubt you'll spend more than a moment or two on the site before you get bored.
I did.  You're trolling now, if you weren't before.  And you still don't understand what the term genocide means.  So why should I bother with you anymore?  Good day.
Here's my [answer](http://reddit.com/info/6gu0g/comments/c03t1nn)
so... what your saying is that this high school caused these genocides???

just kidding...
&gt;What you don't understand is that it is the process, not the number of deaths.

And what is the process that makes it genocide? And, sorry, but most people are upset over the number of deaths, not some technical legal issue.

&gt;The only logical conclusion to Israeli policy as it is inflicted upon the Palestinian people is their eventual destruction.

For some psychotic notion of logic. Killing fewer people in any given day than are born is not likely to lead to destruction. 

&gt;Recognizing it as genocide after everybody is dead defeats the whole point of recognizing such policies as being criminal.

The strip has a population of 1.4 million, it has a growth rate of 3.8%. But call it 3%. That means roughly 40,000 Palestinians are born a year or right about 100 a day. Israel has killed 2,500 in Gaza in the last 7 years (most of them militants, but ignore that). That is about 350 a year or about 1 per day. How did your logic lead to "eventual destruction"?
&gt;our canard of defining genocide by #'s of murders has been debunked

I didn't define genocide by the number of dead. I said that people care about Rwanda because of the scale of the deaths, not because of some technical issue. Darfur may not be genocide, it is still a horror.

You call the war between Israel and the Palestinians genocide because you want the propaganda value, you want people to think of the large scale deaths. 

(The rest of your nonsense should be ignored.)
All of the discussion in the United States about what is going wrong (ecological issues, shrinking middle class, wages at a standstill for 20 years etc) tends to overlook a vital piece of the puzzle.

When we look at American education and realize that it compares unfavorably to other Western nations, we get upset about it. Do we ask ourselves how to fix it?

And when we ask ourselves this: do we ask, as we should, what have the top performing nations done - how much have they spent, and where?

We don't do this. We think all of the answers will come from here. And though it is true that some parts of the world are just plain backwards - the United States is becoming like them. Why does this nation seem to be falling behind?

In essence what seems to be wrong with the United States is that it so intent on Leading the World, and offering it innovation, that the people here fail to Imitate really good ideas and solutions from other countries.

It shouldn't be a problem that Northern European countries, and Australia and New Zealand, have much higher standards of living - it should be an inspiration. Americans could completely their 'management' approaches wholesale, wherever it out performs.

 But while Americans believe the US is a special case, and that external solutions wouldn't fit, they fail to reap the benefits that other nations have made - by choosing from available solutions that have been tested and proven to work. 

What is embarrassing and ridiculous is this idea that the solution must come from within. Imagine if, instead of dicking around and experimenting with health care, we just blatant plagiarized the solutions found in Norway or Sweden. If Americans simply started believing that the answers might exist elsewhere, and started borrowing from other countries, then clever selection might bring about something Utopian. 

The issue is this: a stubborn refusal to believe other governments could do a better job on important issues. That, and the feeling that it wouldn't work in America's 'special case' petrie dish. Where did THAT idea come from?

By holding fast to this dogma of pre-eminence, we fail to imitate when we see a good idea that would help us body and soul.  We fall behind - but why shouldn't we if we are this arrogant?
No I call the "war" between the occupier and the occupied "genocide" because it *is* "genocide."  What I say isn't propaganda because I'm not on anyone's side, I'm a humanitarian, and what I say is 100% true.

You oppose this reality and bring up Darfur, which you could care less about, to further your end of propagandizing for the Likudnik ultra-Zionists.  In your case it is propaganda because it is misleading, deceitful, and a lie.  You are most definitely on their side, at the expense of morals, ethics, human rights, and the truth.  So much so, you deny genocide, which your people have intimate experience with, which makes you a horrible antisemite.
You're ignorant, presumptuous and objectively wrong on so many levels it is almost unfathomable.

Regardless of the relative distribution of wealth, liberal economics has brought more people out of absolute poverty and delivered more people into prosperity than any other ideology in the history of mankind. In the economically liberal west even the poorest people have greater access to education, healthcare, leisure activities, food and shelter than even the most wealthy did 100 years ago.

Your hilarious attempt to conflate the abuses and pitfalls of authoritarianism with liberal economics is  more than a little intellectually dishonest. 

Even more pathetic is your example of China: the move towards right wing economics has taken China from the era of the "Great Leap Forward" in which 30 million Chinese perished to the relatively mild situation today. Nothing has done more to improve the condition of the Chinese people than the move towards right wing economics.

As for the "elite", well I do consider myself a member of that group. I have opportunities for education, leisure, economic security and self fulfillment that would be impossible under any other economic system.

But hey, if you think greater prosperity and quality of life are brutal, that's your problem not mine.
While it would be a lovely idea to import solutions from elsewhere, it seems that your society is being destroyed by corporatism, cronyism, corruption and simple ignorance.

I doubt that you would be capable of doing anything like this, even if there was the will to do so.
What a dick!
I get this in drug policy discussions too, the notion that somehow because we're killing people at a rate slower than they are able to reproduce that therefore the killing is to be sanctioned in some way.

But for the sake of argument, let's accept that very unfortunate point-of-view for the moment.  The rate at which you are killing Palestinians cannot possibly be sustained indefinitely.  That is, by working to continue the conflict, a conflict that is essentially one that see a nation with nuclear weapons pitted against another nation armed primarily with sticks and stones, the day inevitably arrives when the number of people killed are not neatly confined in your 3.8% allowance, where in fact the entire population is put at risk.

We see how Israeli leaders continually over-react.  Don't tell me this isn't possible.

It is a genocide in progress.  Note that the definition doesn't address the number of casualties per se, it is more concerned with the nature of the policy.  It isn't a technical legal issue, and the fact that so many remain uneducated as to what genocide really means is besides the point.
&gt;No I call the "war" between the occupier and the occupied "genocide" because it is "genocide."

Oh, it is because it is. I can't beat logic like that.

&gt;I'm a humanitarian, and what I say is 100% true.

You are humble, too, I assume.

&gt;You oppose this reality and bring up Darfur, which you could care less about,

I have been working for several years now to help the Darfuis. You should probably leave omniscience off your apparently extensive resume.

&gt;to further your end of propagandizing for the Likudnik ultra-Zionists. 

I happen to oppose Likud, but you don't seem at all swayed by evidence.
No I call the "war" between the occupier and the occupied "genocide" because it is "genocide." What I say isn't propaganda because I'm not on anyone's side, I'm a humanitarian, and what I say is 100% true.

You oppose this reality and bring up Darfur, which you could care less about, to further your end of propagandizing for the Likudnik ultra-Zionists. In your case it is propaganda because it is misleading, deceitful, and a lie. You are most definitely on their side, at the expense of morals, ethics, human rights, and the truth. So much so, you deny genocide, which your people have intimate experience with, which makes you a horrible antisemite.

Try again, only this time imagine that you are being graded.  That might help your tendency to put random thoughts down as a "response."

If you are involved in campaigning for Darfur, but you deny the Palestinian genocide, you're not a humanitarian, you're a student who needed something to get into college with, or get a girl with.  

If you are against the Likud, then I assume you are against Shas, and I expect you to act like that and begin to campaign for Olmert to have direct negotiations with Hamas, like most Israelis and the security establishment wants.  That's the most pro-Israel thing you could do, Likud boy.  Will you?  Oh gosh I didn't think so.  Why?  Because you're a liar?  I already knew that, kid.  Luckily your group's power is waning, enjoy it while it lasts.
Jared Diamond talks about Rwanda and genocide in general in "Collapse" ... he basically says that the it involves "pre-existing ethnic hatreds fanned by cynical politicians for their own ends," plus a poor economy to the point where people can't eat.
Yes, it will happen again.  Why?  Because people don't understand genocide.  People have to think logically, and in those places where people do, genocide is significantly less likely.
Yes, I placed it [about 2,670,000 times](http://www.google.com/search?q=automagically) across the web, to fool redditors. How did you find out?
[deleted]
In the Soviet manner that is, divided into separate independent states.

As I mentioned before I have a hard time of seeing it happen, but if the american debt keeps on growing there may (and I emphasize may) be a chance of it actually happening.
http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3948066/Johan_Galtung_-__The_Decline_and_Fall_of_the_American_Empire_-_A

I don't know if it is the same presentation that I attended, but the headline is similar. 

http://www.transnational.org/Resources_Nonviolence/2007/Galtung_Satyagraha.html

I have not had the time to read that one, so it may be a bit off subject, but it will give some insight into his ideas.
Not many people know this, but the Norwegian callender is a bit different from the rest of the western world, so that the day of the downfall, May 7th 2020, is actually December 21th 2012. 

What a coincidence.
&gt;Regardless of the relative distribution of &gt;wealth, liberal economics has brought more &gt;people out of absolute poverty and delivered &gt;more people into prosperity than any other &gt;ideology in the history of mankind.

It's still being done better in Social Democracies. Norway and Sweden represent a firm contradiction to what you have just said. Life is better, easier and safer for everyone also in Australia and New Zealand. I wouldn't start a sentence with 'regardless of the relative distribution of wealth', because it's simply callous.

&gt;As for the "elite", well I do consider myself a member of that group. 

You may think so at least, if you fly around in a Lear Jet. The margin of the elite has always shrunk at the last moment and left so-called upper-class elites out in the cold. But if you have a few hundred million, you'll probably be alright.

But when it comes down to it - there is a simple psychological choice: to be on the side of the few, or the side of the many.

If you're on the side of the many, you'd respect Norway, Sweden, Australia, NZ etc.

If you're on the side of the few, then you are worthy of pity. You self-described opportunities for education, leisure, economic security and self fulfillment have failed you. Or perhaps you have failed them, but not acknowledging an obligation to help others by working to improve their world as well as your own.

Your statement that they would be impossible under any other economic system is disproved by those four countries I mentioned. Out of a hundred rebuttals, I pick this one at random: Australia produces twice the amount of University graduates, per capita, as the United States does. Try visiting it, there are real economic reasons Australians are happier than Americans; for one, they don't live in fear of losing their medical benefits. Because they can't lose their medical benefits. Social Democracy is proven to work for everyone - and it's problems are minor in comparison to the littered streets of American cities, filled as they are with crime, poverty, drugs and hopelessness.
But you also have far more people incarcerated than most nations. (I know that's not an argument, but I could not help myself since it's been all over reddit lately:)

But seriously:

I agree with your opinion, and I cannot really see it happening either. But what worries me is the U.S. national debt, and if it continues growing at the same pace it has the last few years, you're going to get a hard time handling it.

An economic collapse in the U.S. will of course also afflict the world economy, so hopefully your next president (be it mccain, clinton or obama) is able to do something about it before it's too late.
Agreed.
The 4 countries you offer as examples are in fact counterexamples to your point.

According to the Heritage Foundation Index of Economic Freedom, the four countries you suggested as counterexamples are in fact some of the most free in the world:

Australia is 4th (considered free)
New Zealand, where I live, is 6th (considered free)
Sweden is 27th (considered mostly free)
Norway is 34th (considered moderately free)

source:http://www.heritage.org/research/features/index/countries.cfm

If you look at that entire list, there is a clear trend that the more free the economy the better off the people.

Being in favour of free market capitalism is not a matter of being on the side of the few, because the many benefit more under that system than any other.

As for this:

"I wouldn't start a sentence with 'regardless of the relative distribution of wealth', because it's simply callous."

Well that's rank nonsense. What's better: a system where everybody earns $1 a day, or a system where most earn $10 a day but some earn $1000?

It is free market capitalism that helps the many more than any other economic system ever devised.
"Good" reasons? Probably not. Justifiable, maybe.

Self defense, of course, is one.  Protecting yourself or a loved one is generally allowed, so long as you are unjustifiably attacked.  

Resources is a tricky one.  If we both need something to live, is it okay for me to kill you to get it?  Even then, it's not so simple.  Are there other options available?  Is it possible for us to work together so we both can continue to live by sharing resources?  

But make it as simple as possible: if there is one unit of resource, and we both need one unit to live, am I justified in killing you to get it?  I say yes.  My life is more important to me than your life, and there is no way for both my life and your life to continue.  

However, I don't think that situation can realistically occur.
So love justifies killing?

Evaluating other options takes time and energy, and both might be scarce.

When (not if) world population growth reaches such a limit where food becomes scarce (it and lots of other problems are going to hit humanity like a flood once they do), what justifies who gets food and who does not?

Summary:
The war on drugs is genocide.
No, I don't think so.
The war on terror is genocide.
I think both genocides are terrible.
* does the policy kill Mexican-Americans?
No I call the "war" between the occupier and the occupied "genocide" because it *is* "genocide."
No I call the "war" between the occupier and the occupied "genocide" because it is "genocide."
Because people don't understand genocide.
I could see a class war break out in this country.
Yes, it will happen again.
Genocide means a lot more to us, as Americans.
It's wrong on a human scale.
We are actively doing this to these people.
It is a genocide in progress.
I guess it was an act of genocide.
And what is the process that makes it genocide?
so... what your saying is that this high school caused these genocides???
&gt;No I call the "war" between the occupier and the occupied "genocide" because it is "genocide."
You need to educate yourself more as to the reality of these policies.
What is creepy and scary is that people are NOT taught to understand the causes of genocide.
But as we can see by a plain reading of the convention on Genocide it very much is.
(I would go so far as to say killing any person is wrong, but maybe that's just me.)
We think all of the answers will come from here.
They see what the policy does, and so they continue the policy.
Putting people in prison for breaking the law is not genocide.
But they're not really killing them (us).
And you still don't understand what the term genocide means.
We think genocide is wrong because we think killing without good reason is wrong, and genocide is that on a much larger scale.
The teacher _was_ an idiot.
No, genocide is just a tool.
Criminalizing the favoured leisure activities of groups the state doesn't like is not genocide.
Imagine what would happen if there were more such teachers.
As for the "elite", well I do consider myself a member of that group.
I hate it when people diminish the term "genocide" by using it with reference to things  like the War on Drugs.
What you don't understand is that it is the process, not the number of deaths.
See: all the stories about our prison population.
I'm not sure, But I don't think Public school teachers are allowed to do this anymore.
As for criminalizing marijuana as genocide against Mexicans, let's ask ourselves:

* does the policy kill Mexican-Americans?
What is a "ziontologist", by the way?
I hope you reminded the teacher of that.
I think you got your rant wrong.
What I say isn't propaganda because I'm not on anyone's side, I'm a humanitarian, and what I say is 100% true.
Creepy and scary is talking about genocide as if it's something only 'other people' are capable of committing.
The war on drugs was borne of racist hatred; for Chinese, for Mexicans, but most of all for blacks.
What do you think about people who use this article as an opportunity to attack Jews and Israel?
The "jew" class of our society!
That's the worrying thing about the US.
Does there exist any good reasons to kill another human being?
&gt;We think genocide is wrong because we think killing without good reason is wrong, and genocide is that on a much larger scale.
I can't beat logic like that.
I doubt that you would be capable of doing anything like this, even if there was the will to do so.
Perpetual war is not in Israel's best interest, and is not what the Israeli people want.
&gt; But in order for it to be a genocide there would have to be millions of murders by the state or state-sanctioned organizations...
Like blaming the genocide in East Timor on whites.
But you also have far more people incarcerated than most nations.
I said that people care about Rwanda because of the scale of the deaths, not because of some technical issue.
Even then, it's not so simple.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.56
