Original Response:
Her story is extreme and she sounds paranoid.

With that said, I do live on a farm in a rural area of my state. I grow some vegetables and own weapons. If push came to shove, I'd be able to live self-sufficient for quite a while. The only thing that would give me a problem is my electric powered well.
December 21, 2012

Think about it, a bunch of Indians three millennia ago correctly predicted the a year, when peak oil, nuclear weapons or a technological singularity threaten to destroy the world. The world has never before been in such danger of destruction. It is extremely unlikely that this is a random coincidence.
While it does sound somewhat paranoid, it's an idea I've thought about it.

Here's my dilemna - if I was going to truly embrace this idea then I think it would make sense to go ahead and max out all of my available credit right now.  Also cash out all of my savings right now.  That way I could go immediately move out to a rural area, buy land, and stock up on maybe 100K worth of supplies.  I should do this now while I can still get the most bang for my buck.

However, I'm not convinced this is necessary at all, it could be paranoia.  In this case I really don't want to mess up my current financial state, which is 100% freedom from debt.

What to do, what to do...
Apart from the *predictions*,

*The world has never before been in such danger of destruction.*

Cuban missile crisis comes to mind.
Nothing a rain dance can't sort out though.
Correctly predicted? Dude, it's not even 2009 yet...
Hers does seem an extreme example, but it never hurts to be prepared. My friends and I half-seriously make plans for the coming zombie apocalypse.
One thing I don't understand about survalists: why stop watching television, using computers, etc. now? Just so you don't miss them?
Oh, and in case anyone was wondering, it's the same article as linked here: http://reddit.com/info/6kof8/comments/
&gt; "The exact number of people taking such steps is impossible to determine, but anecdotal evidence suggests that the movement has been gaining momentum in the last few years."  
  
I think that quote explains how useful this article is.
It's important to keep a sense of balance. I've always enjoyed survivalist literature for the DIY aspect, but the paranoia is worthless as far as I'm concerned. 

Take this woman for instance. She cut up her credit cards and started a garden and ended up losing weight. She even built a cord wood home. How awesome. But those kinds of great lifestyle choices don't have to inspired by paranoia. You can do those things just because you think it's cool and fun. 

I see nothing to fear in the future. The news is so focused on doom and gloom and yet this whole equities bubble is such a blatantly obvious confidence trick. There's plenty of energy on this planet and man's impact on the environment is clearly not all that profound if you actually go out into nature yourself and have a look some time. The scarriest thing is this world is probably paranoid people themselves. Just look at the Republican administration as a great example.  Yeah, they're dangerous as hell, but it's mostly because they're so scared of their own shadows. 

So yeah, it's cool to build an alternative house and grow a vegetable garden, but don't do it out of fear. Do it out of love.
I'm just stocking up guns.
Take a chance - life is fun but risky.
People did this before new years 2000 as well.

Stop crying the sky is falling people. You've been doing it for decades and society is still here, your just making us all look stupid. Yes, bad things may happen in the future but I highly doubt mankind will come to an abrupt end civilisation wise in this generation.
Easy way to fight zombies. Make sure you have an axe, a shotgun/rifle, a decent old jeep/landrover and a nice quiet cabin far FAR away from any cities or town stocked up with years worth of tinned food.

Still, there would be no point in living in said cabin now. It would just be silly.
"That was before Breault heard an author talk about the bleak future of the world's oil supply."

I hope she did more research than just listen to 1 guy. I felt like doing what she did when I first heard about Peak Oil too, but I spent a couple months doing research, and found the situation to be more complex than what either the optimists and the survivalists would have you believe. 

The world is a complex place. Some societies could possibly fall, but others could benefit. A total worldwide collapse seems highly highly unlikely given regional variation in energy supplies and production mechanisms. It's a good idea to learn new skills, but not necessarily just low tech ones to live off the land. A bunkering country will always make exceptions to let in skilled professionals, so try building up your knowledge base. That's good advice for your career whatever happens.
And whiskey!
Fear of a fast crash might be overblown, but there will be plenty of trouble when oil starts running out. It will take a while to change our lifestyles.

I just hate seeing people use the fear of peak oil to justify mass murder. I've witnessed that on message boards where peak oil is talked about. That's just too far.
I was about to say the same thing. During the whole Y2K deal, I had friends who were stashing away tons of bottled water, canned food, etc. A bit much if you ask me.
What are they doing now? Probably STILL eating cans of beans that are 8 years old...
Those who choose not to learn how to survive without electricity don't deserve to survive without electricity.  

If, When civilization comes crashing down, It won't come as a surprise who makes it and who doesn't.  And most of those, able bodied,  who don't make it really don't deserve any sympathy.  They had fair warning.
or because its the best fucking life you could imagine.
living in a cabin is great.

but yeah, i did it for the zombies.
they probably sold all their canned food to me at a 75% markdown.
There is nothing more dangerous for a people as a whole than becoming dependent on self insufficiency.  Unfortunately our entire society is based on that very thing.

We build support structures upon support structures and train people to devote their lives to maintaining them.  In return the people are maintained by the very same machinery.

We build machines to look after us rather than learning to look after ourselves.

What happens when the machine fails?
Ask a survivalist.

There is nothing wrong with Television, Computers or whatever as long as you can survive without it.
how exactly is peak oil a threat? cause we wont be able to drive as much?
"man's impact on the environment is clearly not all that profound"

say what?!  Melting ice caps, an ocean turned into a soup of plastics and sewage, desertification, mowing down the rainforests.  If those things don't qualify as profound, I don't know what does.
If you are worried about your well, why not get some solar panels and a battery bank?  

She does sound paranoid.  The biggest thing you need is resources that would be handy in a survival situation.  Bottled water can be a useful commodity.  Gold will not be.

The big problem is that if all hell actually did break loose, the military will be coming after hoarders, and they have much bigger guns than you do.
Yeah, it would deplete your stocks and leave you ill-equipped when the apocalypse actually happens.

Summary:
I was about to say the same thing.
The scarriest thing is this world is probably paranoid people themselves.
I see nothing to fear in the future.
The world has never before been in such danger of destruction.
living in a cabin is great.
but yeah, i did it for the zombies.
It would just be silly.
I grow some vegetables and own weapons.
Apart from the *predictions*,

*The world has never before been in such danger of destruction.
Still, there would be no point in living in said cabin now.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
