Original Response:
So were are supposed to take the word of Americas drunkest President? 

Besides, the Mexicans stole it from the natives when they were still under Spanish rule, so they have zero argument... plus we paid for it.
Why stop at 160 years??? Go all the way back to the beginning of history and everyone relocate accordingly.
Bush said this?
Mexico controlled Texas. Mexico was all "Yo white boys, we need workers, come to texas" 

So they went, and then the white guys were like "Mexico sucks, they speak spanish, let's make a new country!" 

And they did

And now the pendulum is set to swing back again.
Yeah, let's all get our panties in a bunch and try to right all the wrongs ever done to anybody or to any nation/state.

Isn't that what's going on over in the Middle East?

Also, I would think there would be a case to be made that Mexico has problems. Is the solution to send the excess population to their neighbors? Maybe they should think about reforming their own government for jobs and opportunity, and to shake themselves loose from the orthodoxy of the taboo on birth control. Could it be possible that the population problem in Mexico has something to do with this?
If Israel can lay claim to their territory and be supported by the US from 2000 years ago, then I see no reason why the Mexicans cannot do the same.

Problem for me is that I'd have to be cut up into pieces and spread throughout western Europe.
Don't complain that the U.S. stole your land when you've managed to turn what you do have into a shithole.

Of course California and Texas look really inviting.  They're not shitholes.  

Mexico has the 6th largest oil reserves in the world.  They're also the 6th largest oil producer in the world.  But the oil company is state run and Mexican politics make Louisiana politicians look like a bunch of god damn boy scouts.  

They've got the natural resources, they've got the technology, they've got the people.  Don't blame the U.S. 'cause you've managed to piss all over it.
Well fuck it then.

Let's hope the Russians don't complain or we'll have to give them back Alaska....

or the French don't bitch 'cause whoops, there goes everything from Louisiana to Montana....

and the Spanish can raise some hell and come reclaim Florida (I'm not kidding on that one.. take it.. seriously.  And I don't mean take control.  Cut it off and take it with you back to Europe.)  

And the English... well then we'll just have to become subjects of the Queen and start drinking tea and eating crumpets.
Annex Mexico.

It's the only way to be sure.
psh, Grant was so drunk he couldn't even invade other countries to take their shit! Bush is practically *sober* when compared to Grant!
It sounds like you got my point. Kinda. But I try not to make the mistake of thinking that we're being invaded and it's all the invaders' fault. Remember that our current problems, in large part, stem from our leaders' unwavering support for the nation of Israel.
[deleted]
It's okay. Countries do not exist in reality but individuals do. Be a free individual.
The annexation might have been 160 years ago, but there has been a "Mexican" socio-cultural continuity ever since. L.A. is as Mexican today as it is American, and has been Mexican, and therefore Native American, much longer. The political state it belongs to is irrelevant frankly. If it people do better and are happier in the US, then great.
Aside from a few marginal extremists, most Mexicans and Chican@s/Mexican-Americans are just fine with the Southwest being and remaining part of the U.S, but they continue to see it as part of their own cultural sphere, just like most Americans see Anglo-Canadian culture.

Mexico's population growth is 1.14%, while for the US it is 0.88%. Fertility rates are 2.3 and 2.1 children per woman respectively, again, not so different. Population density for Mexico is 55 people/km^2, comparable to the population density of Georgia. Mexico population "problem" is minimal. People migrate to the US because they know Americans will hire them for better wages, just like people in the US migrate to the Southern California and the Northeast. It isn't so hard to understand.

And honestly, it is Americans who have [a taboo on birth control](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexico_City_Policy).
The annexation on the Southwest was on questionable legality, and had many [critics](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thoreau#Civil_disobedience_and_the_Walden_years:_1845.E2.80.931849). In spite of the loss of so many resources, like the 1949 Gold Rush and the Texas oil wells, a couple of invasions, a few Spanish-led genocides and 300 years of occupation, Mexico is still the 14th largest economy in the world, a member of the OECD and it still managed to maintain much of its Native American aspects. Not great, but not too bad either.
The vast majority of Mexicans are of Native American ancestry, and quite proud of it. They do not identify with the Spanish conquerors. Ten percent or more of Mexicans still speak a Native American language, the largest being Mexican/Nahuatl, related to the Ute and Hopi languages, forming a cultural continuum. Don't confuse the travesties of the Spanish and their lackeys with the people who suffered the most under them.
thanks, but I'm quite familiar with the Conquistadors and the conquering of Mexico. My point still stands, though; Mexicans have no more claim over the territory than Americans. The indigenous tribes from the area are the only one's who can claim the land belongs to them.
You're right, the indigenous nations are the only ones with any historical claim to the Southwest but your original point was that Mexicans stole that land from them, which is wrong. The Spanish, the lumpenbourgeoisie they left behind and the United States oppressed all the indigenous nations. As they and Mexicans succeed in progressing beyond these traumas, then their natural affinities would come to the forefront, and that is where the cultural continuum becomes relevant. Their culture is much more similar to that of Mexico than anyone else's.
Looks like you're trying to pick and choose what is and is not important in this matter. Any way you slice it, the people of Mexico, whether under their own control or under the control of the Spanish, conquered land that belonged to other peoples. Their cultures were completely different. I don't know where you got the idea that Navajo and Aztec cultures were similar, but forget it.
Wow, such ignorance!

The Southwest and the rest of "New Spain" was savagely conquered by the Spanish before the country now called Mexico ever existed. European colonialism is to blame for these atrocities.

The Navajo, being [Na Dene](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Na_dene), are very different from the Mexicans because they are recent arrivals from Canada to the area. [The Hopi, the Shoshone, the Ute,](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uto-Aztecan_languages) were there long before the Navajo (and Spanish and Americans). Many Mexicans, as descendants from Aztecs and other Nahuatl-speaking people, are kin to them.
You still fail to understand that, even though the Spanish are the one's who happened to control both Mexico and the California/New Mexico territories at one point doesn't mean the Mexicans have any right to claim the present day land those territories encompassed.
I not only understand, I've stated as much already previously. I am only pointing out the large affinities Mexicans (the vast majority being Indian) and the indigenous peoples of the Southwest share, in particular historical, linguistic and cultural. All of them closer than anything they share with the American government, the main culprit for their current state.
The may be closer related to each other than either is to the US or Spain, but that doesn't make them one people, and DEFINITELY does not allow one to claim the other as its own. Your argument holds no water. The only people that can truly claim land as their own in this New World are those that settled it first. Moreover, they can only claim the land THEIR PEOPLE SETTLED. The whole idea that Mexicans have a right to take back the territories in question is nothing more than Mexican supremacy.
I never argued they were one people, in fact, by using the word affinities I sort of implied the opposite. Frankly, where the border is or isn't is trivial compared to the challenges that Native Americans have all over North America. I could certainly imagine a convergence of interests between them, specially due to the renaissance of Native American identity in Mexico and in Mexican-Americans. That is really where the whole Aztlan movement came from. It isn't about Mexicans demanding their land back, but about Native Americans wanting sovereignty.

Summary:
And I don't mean take control.
Mexico population "problem" is minimal.
The indigenous tribes from the area are the only one's who can claim the land belongs to them.
It isn't about Mexicans demanding their land back, but about Native Americans wanting sovereignty.
My point still stands, though; Mexicans have no more claim over the territory than Americans.
Moreover, they can only claim the land THEIR PEOPLE SETTLED.
The only people that can truly claim land as their own in this New World are those that settled it first.
The vast majority of Mexicans are of Native American ancestry, and quite proud of it.
It sounds like you got my point.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
