Original Response:
With the trouble that we have had with exotic invasive species of plants and animals imagine the trouble an engineered crop could bring.
It is hard for me to believe that there are rice farmers in US. I have driven through Kansas, Missouri, never seen a rice field. Rice fields require a lot of manual work. Anyone have any link to US rice farming pictures.
caint find a link, but i know it happens, rice/crayfish/tilapia polycultures.

not that actual americans bend an plant rice or any of that crap. that's done by "mexicans" (read as nonspecific latinos)
A super crop that's immune to disease, grows 3-5 times as large as normal produce, AND walks and talks? We're fucked.
There are rice/crawfish/fish fields like you describe in Louisiana, and parts of Mississippi. I've driven past a few. But, from my understanding, a lot of the labor is now done by large machinery, as opposed to humans of any kind.
You're kidding right?  The US accounts for 12% of the worlds rice trade.  And we have these magical machines called "combines" that harvest and thresh.   I think they seed using airplanes.
Rice is not grown with "seeds". The seeds sprout in a smaller place, and the sprouts have to be planted. And harvesting is done by machines in all countries. 

And no US does not account for 12% 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rice#World_production_and_trade
Can we please stop allowing big corporations use GE technology because they're obviously not mature enough for it. Crops genetically engineered for pharmaceutical reasons do hold great potential, but strict precautions need to be taken to prevent contamination. Why didn't Bayer use a "terminator" gene for their open field tests so that the crops wouldn't be able to reproduce and spread their seeds. 
 Maybe if our government spent more time funding universities instead of protecting the interest of corporations, we might actually be able to safely use GE technology.
You are aware that they are engineered to be *better*, right?

There are natural plants which are deadly . . .  nature is no saint.  Nor is science a demon.
&gt;You are aware that they are engineered to be better, right?

Is that so?  From my understanding, crops are genetically engineered simply to look better and last longer.  The alterations have little to do with improving taste or health benefits.  Also, it doesn't help that most of these new strains are ushered through will little to no testing to see if they have any side effects on people.  Would you want drug companies to usher through new drugs without testing them to see how they affect human beings?
Crops are generally engineered to make them more resistant to pests and to produce a higher yeild.  Calories which are consumed by insects are not consumed by hungry people.

Also, isn't the whole point of this article that GM foods are required to be approved for human consumption?
Impossible, innovation can't replace ditch digging jobs. My company doesn't want to pay educated peoples to innovate. We need more illegals.
Many times they are engineered to withstand the pesticides that they are trying to use on them i.e. Roundup. Better is not really the right way to express what these big agribusinesses are doing to our native crops and livestock. Read Omnivores Dilemma by Michael Pollack it gives a lot of background about why the foods we eat are determined more by politics than by how healthy they are. In terms of science being a demon I agree it is the businesses use of knowledge derived from science that sometimes causes disaster.
Incorrect. The intention is for them to be better, but there are thousands of things that can go wrong when you're screwing around with genes. It's not like adding sugar to your coffee, you can't just make it "better".

Also, Monsanto has genetically modified crops so that they commit suicide after one harvest and the farmers in India have to buy seed from Monsanto every season.
if the intention is not to be better, why do people buy them?

I'm not saying they don't also engineer security features into their seeds, but the seeds themselves produce plants which are either more resilient, produce a higher yield, or have better nutritional value.

The fear surrounding a lot of GM crops seems as silly as the "oh noes, don't turn on the large hadron collider because we just don't know exactly what will happen!" fear-mongerers.

Particularly considering that most GM foods just have snippets of genetic information taken from one plant or bacteria (which we already safely consume) and inserted into another, I don't see what the big deal is.  They are engineered just like anything else.  Granted, there may be unintended alternate effects, but it's not like the plants are just going to start cranking out ricin or anything.

Also, most food toxicity is pretty immediately identifiable, and that which is not is still pretty much unknown for most foods.  Every week it seems you have another study saying one type of tea causes cancer and another type cures it.
Nah, fuck it, let the invisible hand of the free market sort it out. 

&lt;/sarcasm&gt;
Bayer is a good company and would never do anything bad to us.  They care.  Our health is far more important to them than the bottom line
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XS3mhjt7TrY
I believe he meant 11% of rice exports as per the article you just cited.
"The largest three exporting countries are Thailand (26% of world exports), Vietnam (15%), and the United States (11%)"

11% is pretty close to 12%.
You've been eating grains that were developed by radiating them, and selecting favorable mutations, your whole life. GM foods. Some of the most widely planted ones were developed in the 50s and 60s.
You can't just take a corn field, plow it up, and plant rice.

You'll find plenty of rice farms in warm, flat parts of the US with loads of fresh water readily available. Eastern Arkansas, Louisiana, and the upper Texas coast, among others.
&gt;Monsanto has genetically modified crops so that they commit suicide after one harvest and the farmers in India have to buy seed from Monsanto every season

You think farmers are retarded, don't you?
[deleted]
http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php?title=Monsanto_in_India

http://proliberty.com/observer/20041009.htm

&gt;A farmer using terminator seeds no longer will be able to share seeds with other farmers or plant his own in following years. He will be forced to turn to Monsanto each season to buy his existence, in the form of more suicide seeds, as well as the special herbicides Monsanto has developed to be used with them.

&gt;The original developers of terminator technology, Delta &amp; Pine Land Seed, which Monsanto bought in 1998, specifically noted that the rice and wheat markets of China, India, Pakistan and such major population countries was the target of terminator. The political implications of such a development are easy to imagine. 

&gt;The Monsanto public relations maneuver "not to commercialize" terminator seeds was clearly designed to defuse growing opposition to proliferation of GM seeds, to buy time while allowing them to spread GM crops to the world’s largest growing areas—North America, Argentina, Brazil and now, the EU since this April. Once GM crops are spread, it would be simple to shift to terminator.

No, but guess who I think is?
&gt;Norman Borlaug's reply to the alternative interpretations of the Green Revolution


&gt;Norman Borlaug has dismissed most claims of critics, but does take certain concerns seriously. He states that his work has been "a change in the right direction, but it has not transformed the world into a Utopia". Of environmental lobbyists he has stated, "some of the environmental lobbyists of the Western nations are the salt of the earth, but many of them are elitists. They've never experienced the physical sensation of hunger. They do their lobbying from comfortable office suites in Washington or Brussels. If they lived just one month amid the misery of the developing world, as I have for fifty years, they'd be crying out for tractors and fertilizer and irrigation canals and be outraged that fashionable elitists back home were trying to deny them these things".

Included in the green revolution are over 1000 varieties of fruits, vegatables, and grains that were created by radiation bombardment. Genetically modified foods.
What about a constitutional amendment to not allow patents on life?
If we just disallowed patenting of life, I think they would stop themselves. A much simpler and more enforceable solution.
[deleted]
[deleted]
That could be, but does that mean that all GM foods are safe?  Not to say that all of them aren't safe, but I think there should be significant testing (like over several years) to see what kinds of effects these foods have on human beings.  Besides, do you trust companies like Monsanto with something as important as the food you eat?  They're about as dishonest as companies come and they've repeatedly shown they don't give a shit about the health of their customers.  They're also a huge GM food company.
I'm more nervous about food from other countries that don't have strict policies on the use of pesticides. Things like this make me wonder: http://www.fda.gov/ora/oasis/4/ora_oasis_c_cn.html

That's what got stopped by the FDA. That's just the list from China, and that's only for april. I wonder what gets past them. Imagine a farmer from another country whose crop gets a pest right before harvest. Would you trust him not to spray the shit out of it with pesticide?
Wow, way to read the article. Only 5% of rice produced in the world is exported. You see the magnitude of total exports?. Of that 12% is like 2 grains of rice in a sack of 20 pounds.
&gt;Calories which are consumed by insects are not consumed by hungry people.

Only if they can afford it.

Most can't.
&gt;if the intention is not to be better, why do people buy them?

Because consumers don't always make rational choices. People pay a dollar to drink a carbonated, artificially colored, sugar water for example.

&gt;but the seeds themselves produce plants which are either more resilient, produce a higher yield, or have better nutritional value.

Where did you get the idea they were engineered for better nutritional value?

&gt;Particularly considering that most GM foods just have snippets of genetic information taken from one plant or bacteria (which we already safely consume) and inserted into another,

Or a fish or a bird or a pig. The genes can come from anywhere. 

&gt;Granted, there may be unintended alternate effects, but it's not like the plants are just going to start cranking out ricin or anything.

Maybe they are responsible for the diabetes epidemic or the increased rate of allergies or the lowered fertility rates or any of the dozens of other maladies that are more prominent in developed countries.
&gt;Because consumers don't always make rational choices. People pay a dollar to drink a carbonated, artificially colored, sugar water for example.

Yeah, but billions of dollars?  I don't think so.  And sometimes a carbonated, artificially colored, sugar water drink is worth $1.  Particularly if you're hot and thirsty.

&gt;Where did you get the idea they were engineered for better nutritional value?

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/4386933.stm

&gt;Or a fish or a bird or a pig. The genes can come from anywhere.

Okay, you can still safely eat (most) of those.

&gt;Maybe they are responsible for the diabetes epidemic or the increased rate of allergies or the lowered fertility rates or any of the dozens of other maladies that are more prominent in developed countries.

Maybe!  Maybe they're responsible for super-AIDS and teen pregnancy . . . but I doubt it.
&gt;Yeah, but billions of dollars? I don't think so.

Do you know the size of the soft drink market?

&gt;Okay, you can still safely eat (most) of those.

Is that the depth of your thinking? You can eat fish, you can eat a tomato therefore it's safe to combine the genes of a fish and a tomato.

&gt;Maybe! Maybe they're responsible for super-AIDS and teen pregnancy . . . but I doubt it.

Ah well if you have doubts it can't possibly be true.
Why is buying a soft drink an irrational decision?

&gt;Is that the depth of your thinking? You can eat fish, you can eat a tomato therefore it's safe to combine the genes of a fish and a tomato.

Pretty much.  Do you have a good reason why this is not the case?  I understand there are complex regulatory pathways involved, but it's pretty damn tough to produce a toxic protein if you don't have the genes to produce a toxic protein.

To just say "oh noes!  People are changing things!  That makes them scary!" is absurd, particularly when the change is a specific engineered modification.
&gt;Why is buying a soft drink an irrational decision?

Because you are paying for something that is actually harmful to you.

&gt;Pretty much.

I thought as much.

&gt;Do you have a good reason why this is not the case? 

I don't know where to start. I won't even attempt it. Learn some science. That's my suggestion to you.
Way to read bloodguard's comment. He said rice *trade*, not production.
How about a [THC Orange tree?](http://hightimes.com/news/ht_admin/3912)

Summary:
if the intention is not to be better, why do people buy them?
I don't know where to start.
I think they seed using airplanes.
You are aware that they are engineered to be *better*, right?
You can eat fish, you can eat a tomato therefore it's safe to combine the genes of a fish and a tomato.
Rice is not grown with "seeds".
They're also a huge GM food company.
The US accounts for 12% of the worlds rice trade.
That could be, but does that mean that all GM foods are safe?
&gt;if the intention is not to be better, why do people buy them?
The genes can come from anywhere.
&gt;You are aware that they are engineered to be better, right?
They are engineered just like anything else.
Imagine a farmer from another country whose crop gets a pest right before harvest.
And harvesting is done by machines in all countries.
I wonder what gets past them.
Where did you get the idea they were engineered for better nutritional value?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
