Original Response:
In other news, in Canada, [Huge drug farm found under the ground](http://www.medicalmarihuana.ca/flinflon.html) by the Federal Government that put it there in 2003.
Prohibition in the US during the twenties didn't work either.  When are these dipfucks going to figure this out?
Right after Duke Nukem Forever comes out?
So that's where all of the bud comes from!
300 plants is hardly a big pot grower, I've read about other much much larger pot farm busts.

&gt; ["the DEA calculates the typical domestic marijuana grower to have approximately 250 plants per growing cycle"](http://www.cedro-uva.org/lib/harrison.cannabis.04.html)

This is just an average size bust found in a typical hiding place.  There is nothing special about this bust or this reddit submission.
It's *been* out.
http://godmodeonline.com/d/20070924.html
Reminds me of the great [Tennessee underground pot farm](http://www.onmarijuana.com/2007/04/03/the-great-tennessee-marijuana-cave/) that was found last year. The group had bought a house located above a cave system, and used the caves to their advantage to set up an intensive grow-op. More than 1,000 cannabis plants were found to be growing in the caves. No expense was spared: hydraulic locking doors, arrays of growlights, and an enterprise level HVAC system were all in place in the caverns under this home.
That was bloody brilliant! Too bad they got caught.
Indeed. Pot prices only went up when that growery got busted.
because botany is more serious than ______
Prohibition in the US was only ended because they needed something to tax to make ends meet. They never did figure it out, or learn anything from it.
Damn... they certainly throw the word "drugs" around pretty liberally. I would first like someone to prove to the public, *in fact*, that marijuana is somehow harmful to society, other than that its outlaw produces violent criminal activity.
awr feel sorry for the people living in that part of london-gunna be drought times there :(
[Some of them have](http://www.north-wales.police.uk/portal/blogs/cc/archive/2008/01/03/is-ecstasy-really-safer-than-aspirin.aspx). As long as there are politicians prepared to lie and claim it's all about protecting the children, I don't expect much progress.
&gt; It appears to have been used for some period, possibly a number of years. Potentially, this find will make some sort of impact on the amount of drugs available on the street.

Yeah right. It just means more will be imported from Afganistan, and at a higher cost. It's just *feeding the terrorists*.
these where total amateurs, i mean they where grown in tubs in soil!, any self respecting professional would be using hydroponics and flow tables, fibreglass growing beds, light tracks, co² infusions, cutting/nursery racks, and a lot more than 300 plants

and it wouldn't be outside in a metal container (even though it was buried) where to police FLIR cameras it would shine like a beacon in the night.
That doesn't .. stop it being a drug, though
Didn't look that huge to me.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why would you build an underground cave to grow pot when you are only 200 miles from Amsterdam?  Take a god damned ferry and bring home a sack! They should have been growing poppies and coca. That I could understand.
Reminds me of every friend's basement when I was a kid.
That is a bullshit number meant to convince people that drugs are mainly distributed by "kingpins" and criminals. 
I have known many many pot growers over the years.  The average grower starts off 30-60 plants and ends up with 15-20 strong females that he takes to bud.  As a kid I grew pot everywhere from under staircases to hollowed out desks.  The average grower runs an operation just meant to support himself and a few friends.
there must be others out there that are just as cool
I'm surprised you're getting up votes, because that means other people agree with you which means there is more than one person on reddit that thinks the definition of a drug is something harmful to society.
thats about 15 miles from where i live, i wonder how i never new about it?? oh rite..
&gt;Firemen alerted police last week when they spotted the generator

Welcome to the police state.
A contractor did this in my town. He dug a huge basement with the tools of his trade. He was caught through a program where the local utility notifies the cops if anyone has  unusually high energy usage. It happened to me and  a friend of mine as well. We only had a couple of lights in our apartments though.
[deleted]
They've gone into hiding.
Its nearer Brighton than London.
Thank god our children have been saved from this sticky-sweet organic menace.
Well, just about every government agency gets a shit-ton of money ostensibly to be used to fight the "war on drugs", so if we can wean them off of that, they might start passing more sane laws.
R.I.P.
A lot of indoor growers solve that problem by using generators or by stealing electricity from their neighbors through some creative splicing.

The thing with generators is that it's going to cost you way more in gas than it would to just pay a utility bill, so you'd pretty much have to grow a lot of plants &amp; sell your stuff in bulk to cover costs. Not a great option for someone looking to just grow for themselves and friends. Moving pounds also tends to get you involved with some very unsavory people.

The thing with wire splicing is that your neighbors will freak out if their meter usage shoots way up, prompting them to call for a utility company technician. It would take the technician all of 10 minutes to figure out what's going on, and you'd be toast.

Fires are also a danger with indoor lighting systems unless you really know what you're doing. I hear about growers getting arrested all the time because their house caught on fire.

The book "Reefer Madness" suggests that most of the big-time growers lease some farmland, and grow their plants hidden in corn fields. The only worries out in the country are helicopters and trespassers.
I had often wondered if a generator would actually work to circumvent the energy level surveillance.  I wonder if those growers were so stupid as to do shit that caused the fire fighters to be called.
No kidding... I live in central BC and a 300-plant operation is like an herb garden here.  Cops in BC find 300-plant operations in retirement homes and public schools.
I agree- why is this "news?"  Because the British government has decided to sow hysteria instead of information.  They should give up.  Legalization and taxation is the only solution to the cannabis "problem."
Doesn't seem to bother people about tobacco or any of the prescription/otc drugs that are given. Hell they juice soft drinks with stimulants (caffeine). Hell even sugar could be considered a drug (fructose).
Weed isn't a drug(!)
for profit?
Fancy! Wish I had friends like that. Not real good friends, 'cause I'd be sad if/when they got busted, but good enough that they wouldn't rat me out and try to drag me down with 'em.
Er, customs?
[deleted]
whoah now, that detective better be careful, sounds a little TOO confident.
Darn, I thought it was going to be *mushrooms.*
this thread is way beneath us
I don't want my reputation to be soiled with this kind of dirt
you're right, i'm all hopped up on apples right now.

YOU'RE BLOWING MY MIND, MAN!
Shit. That actually does make perfect fucking sense!
Yeah I was going to ask, aren't there legitimate reasons for having a generator on a farm?  wtf?
Dead and buried.
That's not huge lol. [THIS](http://youtube.com/watch?v=D0qn8Dvxs3M) is huge.
&gt;"It appears to have been used for some period, possibly a number of years. Potentially, this find will make some sort of impact on the amount of drugs available on the street."

Who knew that police have a sense of humor?
"Potentially, this find will make some sort of impact on the amount of drugs available on the street."

ahahahahahahahaha
If you live in an apartment you can usually steal power from the common lighting circuit in the hallways, these rarely have meters in old buildings. Also, splicing in before your own meter is possible.

Not that I'd recommend either.
to be fair he probably meant it will have more than a *negligible* impact, but it is a bit funny.
Obligatory relevant Onion article: 

http://www.theonion.com/content/node/29285
Er, Schengen?
[deleted]
Er, Schengen Schmengen, this is still an island. There are customs controls between UK and Europe. 
Otherwise weed would be cheaper.
Changing the public attitude by getting the message on how much *all* these various agencies get will go a long way toward getting the Congress off the dime, you are correct.  Pass the word!
But Prohibition essentially *created* the Mafia. It did not lose it's power until well into the 1970's.  I can't know the exact % the CIA is bringing in now (drugs, weed, coke and heroin), but it is a significant amount.
We need to get the word out on how much this failed "War on drugs" is actually costing each head of household.  *Then* there'll be changes.
my point was, when did the word drug start to mean something bad?

Summary:
Wish I had friends like that.
Potentially, this find will make some sort of impact on the amount of drugs available on the street.
Potentially, this find will make some sort of impact on the amount of drugs available on the street."
"Potentially, this find will make some sort of impact on the amount of drugs available on the street."
I agree- why is this "news?"
That doesn't .. stop it being a drug, though.
Reminds me of every friend's basement when I was a kid.
&gt; It appears to have been used for some period, possibly a number of years.
my point was, when did the word drug start to mean something bad?
The average grower runs an operation just meant to support himself and a few friends.
I hear about growers getting arrested all the time because their house caught on fire.
Also, splicing in before your own meter is possible.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
