Original Response:
The Alzheimer's symptom we recognize most is loss of memory.  However, as the frontal lobes of the cerebral cortex effectively erode away, judgement and self-control also disappear.

While Mr. McCain's handlers have managed to conceal much of his memory loss from the media (it's still visible, if you just review his public appearances), they cannot hide his violent mood swings and inappropriate behavior.
Politics subreddit please.

Interestingly, this is the first time I've had to write that in a while. Hurrah for working subreddits; boo to newbie submitters who don't know about redditiquette.
The rhetoric in this article is heavily biased.  And really, I don't see why we should base our votes on high school nicknames.  Is he confrontational, possibly arrogant?  I'm willing to believe that.  But I'd have preferred to read an actual news article with just the comments by his colleagues in Washington.
I understand your point of view "mturk," but do you honestly think that the possibility of the U.S. electing another republican warmongering goon like John McNasty is not newsworthy???

You seem much more interested in etiquette than in the fact that the U.S. has been taken over by a bunch of right-wing goons who want us to elect McBush so the REPUGNICANS can continue to ruin everything that America once stood for.

But, oops... so sorry... I shouldn't have upset your precious "redditiquette".
&gt; do you honestly think that the possibility of the U.S. electing another republican warmongering goon like John McNasty is not newsworthy???

Yes, this is not newsworthy at all.  This is just stupid dirt-digging, and not particularly interesting dirt-digging at that.

And anyway wasn't High School like 100 years ago for him? I'm sure he's learned his lesson by now. ;-)
He looks like Popeye in the 2nd pic.
What if his nickname was "McLovin" instead?  Would that make him more electable?
Depends on if he shot a burning police car with a cop's gun.
[deleted]
I shop at the same (upmarket) grocery store as the McCain's (they live down the road in a much, much nicer neighborhood than mine). The staff there say that they're less than friendly. And that's the polite version.

&lt;edit&gt;
I'm speaking of Mr and Mrs.
&lt;/edit&gt;
As much as I don't want McCain to win, this is all part of a bullshit whisper campaign started by the democrats in the same vein that the republicans did to Anne Richards and John Kerry. 
It's this kind of fucknut nonsense that turns the american people off to voting and politics in general and we should be ashamed of furthering the agenda.
Stick to the issues!
You should never verbs out of your titles.
I believe that the FACTS that McCain is mean, nasty, rich, and a right-wing goon ARE issues!

In fact, it's so OVER THE TOP as an issue, people don't seem to even recognize how ridiculous the idea of electing this creep it.

McCain is McBush and McNASTY.  He and the rest of the REPUGnicans should be in jail.
Seriously. What is going on with the left side of his face (from his perspective)?
[deleted]
Now there's a story on The Huffington Post that McNasty once called his own wife a "cunt"...

Nice talk there John McBush.  He's proving my point about REPUGnicans!
---
REPUG = Katrina &amp; Tainted Pet Food
---
REPUG = Lead in Toys.  Where’s our Gov’t?
---
REPUG = Disappearing JOBS
---
= High Food Prices
---
= Gasoline at about $3.30 per gallon
---
= More WAR &amp; saying “Water-Boarding Isn’t Torture”
---
= 900,000 homes in foreclosure RIGHT NOW!
---
= The party of Hate...  Race- &amp; Gender-Based Attacks
---
= Lies, Lies, Lies From Our Own Gov’t
---
= Airport Bathroom Sex
---
The REPUGs use the short-and-sweet slam method of persuasion, and IT WORKS. So, let’s spread this phrase as much as possible:
**McCain is Angry, Confused and Unstable... oooh, and he calls his own wife a CUNT.**
---
NO COPYRIGHT. ALL/PART OF THIS DOCUMENT MAY BE COPIED &amp; REPOSTED.
Stop reposting this crap on every McCain article. We get it already. And your formatting is annoying as hell.
Sure, the record shows that the GOP has no history of running venal, brain damaged psychopaths for president...

(If you don't count their last 5 candidates...)
You don't elect issues. You elect a person. Being boring like Kerry is not a pertinant character flaw, but being batshit insane is.
seriously... this dude is so old he's senile!!!
Obvious Campcain staff
Someone needs to photoshop a pipe coming out of his mouth.  Maybe a can of spinach as well.  I for one, suck at photoshop.
Sorry to disappoint, but I'm just a random guy in California with no association to any party.

I don't support McCain in any way, but this is nothing but a disgusting smear.  It's like the madrassa thing or calling clinton a lesbian.  Personal attacks like this seem baseless and petty to me, regardless of the target.
I long for the days when reactionaries were actually reacting to something besides their imaginations.
"This Goon Could Next U.S. President???"

anything missing from that headline?
anything at all?
Bob Dole was a psychopath?
Yes, a ONE-ARMED psychopath...
Geez I just assumed this was another Hillary article.
So what was Obama called? Half-and-half?
Why does reddit upvote "The top 5 most badass presidents in US History" yet give McCain a hard time for his (allegedly) obnoxious personality?


There are many other reasons to dislike McCain.  His stubborn nasty personality could actually be one of his few positive traits.
[I put too much work into this considering the output...](http://i25.tinypic.com/7254ed.jpg)

Also, it's GIMPed, not Photoshopped.
&gt;who graduated magna cum laude from Harvard Law School.

Yeah, but at some point in the past couple of years, being smart and having been to harvard has become a bane not a boon. It's this odd worship of the "working class" and "main street america". It's why we elected the "Guy you could have a beer with".

My guess is it's because intellectuals overplayed their hand with the war on poverty and other federal programs that conservatives demonized.
Half...uhhh...pean.
That's not even a bad joke.
This actually makes me like him more.

I've always wanted a nickname involving "nasty".
Perhaps he is bent out of shape from spending so many years working with all those other douchebags in the senate.

Corrupted professional two-facers.  Trust them as far as you can throw a 240 pound bag of horse shit.

Summary:
McCain is McBush and McNASTY.
This actually makes me like him more.
&gt; do you honestly think that the possibility of the U.S. electing another republican warmongering goon like John McNasty is not newsworthy???
"This Goon Could Next U.S.
I understand your point of view "mturk," but do you honestly think that the possibility of the U.S. electing another republican warmongering goon like John McNasty is not newsworthy???
It's why we elected the "Guy you could have a beer with".
&lt;edit&gt;
I'm speaking of Mr and Mrs.
&lt;/edit&gt;
I for one, suck at photoshop.
I believe that the FACTS that McCain is mean, nasty, rich, and a right-wing goon ARE issues!

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
