Original Response:
[deleted]
&gt;A pathologist gave "asphyxia during restraint" as the cause of death but the CPS decided "a jury would find that the restraint was not unlawful" as there was not sufficient evidence that the officers had breached their duty of care.

isn't this for a jury to actually decide? i didn't realize "pathologist" meant they could see the future.
Its up to the CPS (Crown Prosecution Service) to decide whether a case should be pursued and generally they are pretty good at this.
The CPS  use varying criteria to decide what does go to court, things like there being sufficient evidence of a crime and that any given case has a reasonable chance of achieving a conviction.
ah i see, different government, different way of not letting juries actually decide cases, different ways of letting cops off the hook.
America and Britain are two police state peas in a pod.
There is no justification of killing someone under or in process of restraint.  Law enforcement has to take the moral high road.  A person under their restraint is under their protection and care, because the mere fact of restraint prohibits a person from providing this for themselves.  A person dying under police custody is by nature the fault of police.  Whether malicious or negligence.  If law enforcement is not held accountable for their actions, then they simply become reckless bullies.  I'm not saying they should be charged with murder, but like with high speed chases they need to determine the risk to ALL parties involved and back off when appropriate.
Hey, what about Australia? Don't leave without us.
I think we should have a class in school where everyone is taught how to handle themselves with the police. Instructing students in **exactly** how to conduct yourself in situations to prevent the law enforcement having any excuse to *heavily* restrain you. And they should hand pamphlets of this advice out at airports too.

I'm not saying that this guy deserved the treatment he got, but in my experience, in the heat of some situation, even the slightest resistance or recalcitrance becomes a slippery slope to you getting your ass beat and the cops getting away with it; and that slightest, knee-jerk resistance becomes a 'grey area'.
Why not just say the person was murdered?  It's more accurate.
A jury should not be involved in every case, or even most cases.  That's never been how the system was supposed to work.

If there's a murder, and there are 8 separate suspects, should they all go on trial?  No.  We expect prosecutors to be able to decide when there's a reasonable likelihood of conviction.  There's no point in prosecuting people who will almost certainly be found not guilty.  It wastes both time and money.

I'm not saying that there shouldn't be a trial in this case.  A Daily Mail article is not enough information to make an informed decision.  I'm just saying that the idea that everything should go before a jury is wrong.
DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL DAILYMAIL
Dang, site blocked at work :o( mirror anyone?
The video is [here](http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/topstories/2008/05/06/exclusive-video-tourist-death-in-police-custody-89520-20406924/)
I don't know what evidence exists, but this low quality picture adds nothing. The angle of the lens does not allow one to see the position of a foot or knee. To presume this is murder based on that is absurd.

That being said, asphyxiation by restraint seems a bit odd, and likely wouldn't be adequate defense in anyone but a cops defense.

All that being said, why did someone decide to take on several cops? No matter the state of my rage or intoxication, at the time, I would see the futility of resisting several cops, but then I don't beat women or rage at cops. Sanity has it's perks.
Make sure you include your rights in that curriculum.
Unless doctors find some extraordinary cause of his death that didn't relate to these officers pinning him down, there's no way they're not involved in it.  

Why take on several cops?  Maybe because he couldn't breathe?
*All that being said, why did someone decide to take on several cops?*

God, I am sick of this blame-the-victim bullshit.  There is **no excuse** for a death in this situation, especially when "several cops" are involved.  Even if these cops evade a murder or manslaughter rap, they should be cashiered for rank incompetence.

***I*** could have subdued Frank Ogboru ***myself***, without injuring him.  How is it that four trained police officers were unable to do so?
Policemen kill Black person. Policemen go *unpunished*.  

News, as usual, at 11 o'clock tonight.
Here :)
http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/topstories/2008/05/06/exclusive-video-tourist-death-in-police-custody-89520-20406924/
Oh come on you are way behind your police execution quota to be considered for police state status. Do you think it is **easy** to get?
&gt;All that being said, why did someone decide to take on several cops? No matter the state of my rage or intoxication, at the time, I would see the futility of resisting several cop

That's exactly the point. He did not take on the cops, the video clearly shows it. The policemen played with him, probably because they were bored and he was *not white*. They can make you look as if you are opposing them, however sane or cool blooded you are.
This guy deserved to die for pissing the cops off...right?
This is a case of death by "excited delirium" if I ever saw one - on the part of the cops doing the restraining. 

Folks, "excited delirium" is REAL and every roid-raging, power-tripping cop can develop it at the drop of a hat. 

The moment the man stopped screaming is the moment they should have backed off. A screaming man is a breathing man. A quiet man under a pile of cops is in danger of losing his life.
Maybe they thought he was a terra-ist, because he was foreign....
Nice to see the US isn't the only police state.
If it was as clear cut as this article makes out (and frankly I doubt it) then someone could still bring a private prosecution.
brits spell curb "kerb"?
Interesting Question.

Here in the US, even if ruled negligence or accidental, the city usually ends up paying a million dollars or so to the deceased's family.

And this is what usually causes cities to change police procedures, as their insurers will no longer cover them for payouts if they keep f*cking up. It happened to police chases in the early 90s.
1) Don't be an ass
2) Don't argue your innocence in the street. That's what court is for.

Millions of people are arrested and detained each year. 99% of cases rarely escalate, and if they do, it's usually some drunk guy protesting his innocence.
This is probably the common denominator in taser deaths. I've only seen two videos where someone was tasered and later died. In both vids, they were set upon in this fashion. This type of death is nothing new.
He ceased breathing ON PURPOSE ! Damn nigga !
kerb = kerbstone

curb = control/limit
What's with the plummers' crack on those pigs? Is that a feature of the official uniform?
Thank You.
About six years ago, when I was in college, I was driving home in my car where I was mistaken for a car thief suspect. I had done nothing wrong and when I got out of the car they broke a fucking rib, realized I was the wrong suspect, and then left with me curled up on the ground in pain.

You know what, this is what the fucking police do. They treat people like animals and have no accountability whatsoever. People who say they are mostly good, have not had to deal with the police I live. The occupation attracts authoritarian and sociopathic personalities, and that's why they do more harm than good to so many people.

I have a god damn degree and a day job and commit no crimes, yet every encounter I have ever had with them, obviously including the above, has resulted in my being far worse off than if I did not have to be involved with the fuckers. I can safely say I have more respect for armed robbers who at least aren't fucking pharisees about how royally they screw everyone.

End fucking rant.
I don't know about where you live, but where I live, law enforcement lost all credibility a long time ago.
"Frank Ogboru, 43, was sprayed with CS gas and pinned down after a minor row."

For anyone else wondering, they don't mean rowing as in the recreational activity ;)

Sounds like it's brit-speak for an argument, judging by the BBC article:
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/london/6071802.stm
Yeah, they're both spelled 'curb' in US English.
I think there is a Chris Rock video on youtube that covers this.  

http://youtube.com/watch?v=uj0mtxXEGE8
Please correct me if I'm mistaken but I'm sure you can't scream if you can't breath.
CONFIDENTIAL

Dear Mister Reddit,

Good day and compliments. This letter will definitely come to you as a huge surprise, but I implore you to take the time to go through it carefully as the decision you make will go off a long way to determine the future and continued existence of the entire members of my family.

Please allow me to introduce myself. My name is Dr. (Mrs.) Beatrice Ogboru, the wife of the late head of state and commander in chief of the armed forces of the federal republic of Nigeria who died on the 8th of September 2006, Frank Ogboru.

My ordeal started immediately after my husband's death on the morning of the tragedy ordeal, and the subsequent take over of investigation by the last administration. The present democratic government is determined to portray all the good work of my late husband in a bad light and have gone as far as confiscating all my late husband's assets, properties, freezing our accounts both within and outside Nigeria. As I am writing this letter to you, my son Mohammed Ogboru is undergoing questioning with the government. All these measures taken by past/present government is just to gain international recognition. 

My late husband had/has Eighty Million USD ($80,000,000.00) specially preserved and well packed in trunk boxes of which only my husband and I knew about. It is packed in such a way to forestall just anybody having access to it. It is this sum that I seek your assistance to get out of Nigeria as soon as possible before the present civilian government finds out about it and confiscate it just like they have done to all our assets.

I implore you to please give consideration to my predicament and help a widow in need.

May Allah show you mercy as you do so?

Your faithfully,

Dr (Mrs.) Beatrice Ogboru (M.O.N)

N/B: Please contact Dr Galadima Hassan on this e-mail address for further briefing and modalities.
[deleted]
&gt; How long can law enforcement continue to claim innocence in the face of slam-dunk evidence like this?


I know, exactly. POLICE BRUTALITY!!!1! *Grabs pitchfork and torch*
A terrible story, true, but try not to believe anything you read in the daily hate mail. it's a very, very poor source of information and it would be best if people didn't reference it here.
&gt;The angle of the lens does not allow one to see the position of a foot or knee. To presume this is murder based on that is absurd.

Maybe you missed the part about the witnesses.

Common sense says that putting your knee on someone's neck while their neck is on the edge of a curb might not be good for their health.
If one can scream, one can breathe.
i thought nigga was a yank term...
i know, i'd describe it as sarcasm...
along with a mustauche and, (if in the southern section of the U.S.) cowboy hat: yes
i feel your sentiment, however there is no way you won't squirm and wiggle (i.e. resist) if I hold you down and restrict your ability to breathe... NO ONE possesses the amount of self control to repress fight-or-flight reflex...
&gt; brit-speak

That would be English, then.
The Daily Mail is not a proper newspaper.
Sometimes, I think the world would be better without police.
[deleted]
It keeps chips warm just as well as the Express.
Don't you think that's a little distasteful?
How about [The Mirror](http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/topstories/2008/05/06/exclusive-video-tourist-death-in-police-custody-89520-20406924/);

501 DEATHS IN 10 YEARS

&gt;No officer has been found guilty over a custody death despite 501 in 10 years.

&gt;Four in five victims were black or Asian. Campaigner Deborah Coles said: "There is a pattern of these deaths around black men. But even when an inquest jury finds unlawful killing, the CPS don't prosecute." Here are just five tragic cases.
Good thing the police won't have to do any more boooooooring paperwork now that Boris in mayor. He's promised to get rid of a lot of the paper work where police have to write down why they decided to murder a tourist and they get to stay on the streets.
What kind of news website is this? Did you see the titles of the other stories?

"Emaciated Amy ditches the beehive behind to reveal her thinning locks"

"Mischa Barton reveals her very dimpled thighs"

We have people being smothered by police and all some people care about is the cellulite on some woman's thighs. What the hell is wrong with this world? We cannot survive with attitudes like this!
The second meaning has no use in America.
"Murder" implies consent, a wilful act. This is homicide, or under the UK system, "manslaughter". It's still way more severe than "accidental death".
Rights are meaningless when you stop breathing.
Where?  Any charges pressed, etc?
&gt;A person dying under police custody is by nature the fault of police. Whether malicious or negligence.

Just to play Devil's Advocate, what about someone who dies of natural causes (such as a heart attack not related to the police) while in police custody?  Surely your statement of "A person dying under police custody is by nature the fault of police" is false when such cases are taken into account.

Further, you claim that there are two options "[malice] or negligence", yet it's not at all unusual for police who are exercising due care and not acting maliciously to kill someone, such as a druggie going all Superman because of PCP, where the force necessary to restrain them is very close to the force sufficient to kill them, and failure to restrain is not an option.

So, while I agree that all deaths while in police custody should be investigated, it seems that you can't always place blame on the actions of the police.
Ah, the Express. Yes it's shit, with its two headlines ("PRINCESS STILL DEAD!" and "MADDY STILL MISSING!"), but it just struggles to be as _evil_ and shit as the Mail.
Think again.
&gt;I think we should have a class in school where everyone is taught how to handle themselves with the police.

Not going to happen as long as the state runs the schools.
What was he being arrested for?
"Any charges pressed?"

Aha...aha.ahahahahAHAHAHAAHAHA.. oh man you're hilarious. Got any more good ones like this?
The word you're looking for is killed.
Curb your ignorance.
Posession of a swarthy complexion in a built up area
&gt;If one can scream, one can breathe out

Fixed that for ya
Hey, you're right! He must be faking dead just to get away from his wife! Lucky dog!
curb your enthusiasm for his ignorance
England is lightyears ahead of us when it comes to police state. Bush only dreams of the camera systems in England.
You're new to the internet, aren't you?
&gt;Millions of people are arrested and detained each year. 99% of cases rarely escalate

1% of millions is still tens of thousands... What exactly is the Sigma level of this process, and what should it be?
I am not surprised that this happened -- rather, I'm surprised that it doesn't happen more often (and it's certainly interesting to see it happening in the UK). 

This is nothing more than the end result of militaristic full-compliance techniques that police officers are taught these days being applied in the wrong situation, or to the wrong degree. 

They sprayed the guy with CS gas and then he had a bad reaction to it, and started to flail or struggle. They responded according to their training, and piled on him to force compliance and to cuff him. The more he struggled, the more they piled on. The more they piled on, the less he could breathe. The less he could breathe, the more he struggled. This is known as PANIC, kids. Combined with the police training and mob mentality of half a dozen cops on the scene, it created a feedback loop where they misinterpreted his struggle and applied more force, creating more struggle.

This is the same kind of thing that happens when police officers confront foreigners who don't speak their language or the mentally ill -- people who do not respond to commands as quickly as the police demand.

With the police involved in this way, they may as well have shot him in the head for all the good it would have done him to talk (while he could) or struggle.
Its the UK man, you have no idea how annoying it is to have the whole country referred to as England.
[deleted]
the english NEVER would have allowed their own govt to do this to them decades ago, but since the onset of mass immigration of people who look differently and act differently, coming from a foreign culture, the english are doing what humans naturally do when confronted with an environment with strangers in their midst--they become disunited, they lose their community spirit, and so now therefore they are in the grasp of the overclass, of the rich and powerful, and they do not have the will to fight for their own rights.

To cure it, stop mass immigration and allow segregation of different races and cultures. High social capital really only develops in a close context, where most everyone is more or less like each other. Now that the overclass has flooded england with foreigners, there is no social capital.
Same thing happened to america, not only with mass immigration, but also with racial integration, which together killed the Golden Age of Labor.
Wait... Your blaming the black guy for being killed because he was black? Ok...
Just to play the other side of the coin, I did paper routes for a while in my early 20's.  I would drive the routes, and one morning as I parked, a undercover cop car came speeding up to me.  They came up to me, asked me a few questions, realized I was not the person they were looking for and we both went about our business.  
Another time, when I was a teenager, I had a job that started very early in the morning. I walked to work everyday, and one morning, a cop car sped up to me. Same thing happened, they asked me some questions, realized I was not the person they were looking for and let me go.  
I don't say this to trivialize what happened to you, but just to say you can't make sweeping generalizations based on personal experiences.
And I thought getting held for 3 hours on "suspected pumpkin smashing" in December was bad (when I clearly didn't do it -- I had just gotten off of work at 11:30pm-ish and was still in my work uniform heading home.  plus they implied there was more than one person involved in it).  My pants got ripped getting into their vehicle too.

Next day was even worse, since I didn't get much sleep before having to go to my high school classes and back to work afterwards.
Sounds like all of his wife wants: $ to live in the UK w/o ever having to get a job.  She's just sad that the UK refused to support her and gave her a free ticket home instead.
I blame the overclass for shoving mass immigration of foreigners down our throats, with the intent of flooding the labor supply to drive down wages and with the intent of dividing the populace through race and culture. THe same old divide et impera tactics of the overclass, same as it ever was.

AND I blame the white liberals of the Western white collar class, for buying into the white-guilt race propaganda disseminated by the overclass.
This happened on the 84 in TX outside of Post driving from Austin to Lubbock.

No charges pressed. After a lot of work I couldn't even find out who the officers were. They basically yanked me out of a car, slammed me really hard and broke a rib. I told them that I was hurting really badly, could barely move, and they just drove off without me and didn't get backup or anything, they basically left me on the side of the road without even making sure I wasn't going to die. I had no cell phone, so I had to crawl to my car and drive for about 35 minutes to get to a hospital, it hurt like hell.

They were state troopers and I busted my ass trying to find out who they were but I did not even succeed at finding them. If I ever find out who those assholes are, though, I will try to press charges... but it's probably too late, hell, it was probably too late the day those hicks got badges and I didn't.
i heard the sky is falling, too.
No, you're correct.
How about this: they're *mostly* assholes. 

The position attracts inherently power-hungry and conscience-lacking people; add to that the fact that most people act like assholes when you give them power they can abuse, and then remove consequences for abuse, and it does make sense to me that most cops don't care about whether they make people's lives worse.

If I may make an analogy, cops have the same freedom to behave badly that 4chan posters have, except that they can do it every day, to your face, during their day job. Now what kind of person would want that sort of power? Hmm...
Awwwww look, the UK wants to be the US so badly!  Ain't it cute?

/sarcasm
&gt;screaming "I can't breathe"

LOL! Explain to me how that works?
How many years ago? There's a statute of limitations.

EDIT: I just saw your previous post.  And... you're pretty much SOL.  The Statute of Limitations expired a year ago.
In that case, vast swathes of non-chattering class London would immediately be rounded up.
Yeah, better they be doing paperwork than responding to your call about the missing laptop, or wallet stolen at knifepoint.
Next few times you see someone at the side of the road “helping the police with their enquiries,” check their complexion.
&gt;Just to play Devil's Advocate, what about someone who dies of natural causes (such as a heart attack not related to the police) while in police custody? Surely your statement of "A person dying under police custody is by nature the fault of police" is false when such cases are taken into account.

I think you're just being pedantic. There's a reason you don't see headlines that say, "Drunk driver dies in jail from heart attack on the crapper; people *really* pissed": clearly, that isn't related to police brutality.

If the police gave some poor man a heart attack, it would be a different story.

&gt;Further, you claim that there are two options "[malice] or negligence", yet it's not at all unusual for police who are exercising due care and not acting maliciously to kill someone, such as a druggie going all Superman because of PCP, where the force necessary to restrain them is very close to the force sufficient to kill them, and failure to restrain is not an option.

Not all deaths are wrongful, sure. But it's clearly the wrongful deaths we have a problem with. They aren't that uncommon. It's a bitch.
&gt; Just to play Devil's Advocate, what about someone who dies of natural causes (such as a heart attack not related to the police) while in police custody? Surely your statement of "A person dying under police custody is by nature the fault of police" is false when such cases are taken into account.

When the Police take custody over you, they uniformly impinge upon your ability to care for yourself. This means that any natural causes that occur while under their care are **their** responsibility, in //EXACTLY// the same way the death of a senior citizen under the care of an individual caretaker is in fact that caretaker's responsibility.

Take your heart-attack example. This is a person who has been restrained from caring for themselves, which then obligates those handling the person to perform that care.  Failure to remand that person ***immediately*** into the care of healthcare professionals is in fact criminal negligence at that point.  Perhaps even involuntary manslaughter.

The same, thusly, applies to someone suffocated to death while under police restraint.

&gt; Further, you claim that there are two options "[malice] or negligence", yet it's not at all unusual for police who are exercising due care and not acting maliciously to kill someone, such as a druggie going all Superman because of PCP, where the force necessary to restrain them is very close to the force sufficient to kill them, and failure to restrain is not an option.

And that's why there's such a thing as "Authorization for Use of Force."
No one not trained in a Buddhist monastery for years, anyhow.
Except it's pretty much only England that's really this way.  You don't hear about this sort of bullshit so much in Australia, Canada, Scottland, Wales, that part of Ireland I think is still part of the UK, the Isle of Mann, etcetera.  Just England.

Go be annoyed somewhere where you're right, 'k?
Hope you don't mind me asking, but what colour are you?

If you're black then s'all good.
How horrible. This just proves that some of our police are well below the standard required.

They should all be fired for gross incompetence, but I doubt that will happen.
I have to agree. Both times I have spent time in a cell have been degrading and unnecessary. We need to restructure the system - we need cops, but these kind of people are not cops. Or good men for that matter.
LOL stupid nigger.
Living in London I barely ever see the police out of their cars these days, and when I do it's usually stopping boy-racers, or "liaising" with drug dealers in likely spots such as Brixton. Funnily enough most of the people on the corner of Coldharbour lane are black.

Oh yeah sorry; Fuck the police, they're racist, free Nelson Mandela etc.
That was easy.
Were any of them named Farva?
Again, you are basing this on personal experiences (and maybe news stories as well). While I agree that positions of power, in general, tend to attract the kind of person that would look to abuse it, you still cannot make that kind of generalization. 
 
If I were to generalize based on my experiences with police, I would say they were fair and just doing their jobs. But we both know that, too, is an unfair generalization.  

I am not saying there aren't asshole cops, only that all, or even maybe most, are not.  

I know I referenced it the other day, but the Stanford Prison Experiment in the 60's sheds some light on how it only takes one asshole cop in a group to make all of them look like assholes.
Good day and THANK YOU FOR YOU'RE MAILS

I am so happy to see your reply. Thanks. 

Concerning your enquiries about my genuinety, sorry maybe you are not aware of the of the wealths. My set is the second set after the pioneer set.?! 

About my nationality, yes I’m a Nigerian; I opened these internet boxes
 while in Nigeria before coming over to London for my studies.

Please, I beg of you, anyhow you can help promote the fight for Allah’s sake by coming to my aid will be appreciated and I pray that Allah will not leave you unrewarded. Also any information you seek of me to still ascertain my confidentiality will be forwarded to you.

Distaste in Nigeria has internets box shelf living for 3 full moons and then businesses can prescribe to transpiring.

I earnestly wait for your reply. Thanks.
I don't even think you can make that generalization. Of the 20 or so encounters with police I've had over my lifetime (including life in several states, from observing in childhood up to getting pulled over myself) I've never had a single officer act in a way I would consider rude or bullying.

A few caveats though... I'm white. And I've never lived or worked in a large city (over 100k people). Abusive cops would be more likely were I a minority in a big city.

Anecdotes don't really help. Some people have one shitty experience, and it ruins their perception for life... one asshole cop, and you LOOK for the abuse, you expect it, and every single interaction you have from then has you expecting nasty behavior, and seeing it in the most minor of things. There are shitty cops, and it is a problem that must be addressed... but it's not 'most' cops by any stretch of the imagination. However, you only need 1 cop in 20 to be a real dick, and it completely destroys people's faith in cops in general.
I agree, every student should be taught at an early age that when they see a badge, they should just bend over and take it like a good citizen should.
Which is precicely why I said England, and not the UK.
The real WTF is living in Texas.

Oops, sorry. Wrong site.
Yeah, everytime a suspect in custody who is handcuffed and restrained dies, it is like people run around getting upset because he died after he was restrained and no longer a threat to law enforcement.

If he didn't want to die he should have stayed home!
lesson 1: show your damn receipt to the guy at the exit
&gt; Anecdotes don't really help.

Oh they don't, do they?  It's funny that you could hear the same type of anecdotes in London for decades on end long before the Metropolitan Police was labeled [institutionally racist](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Institutional_racism#Institutional_racism_in_the_UK) after an offician enquiry.  Not "there's some racist officers" or "there's a lot of racist officers".  This specific report was before 2001 too, well before shooting Muslims was fair game.

That's how bad it is in the UK, Lords call policemen racist pigs to their faces, Police forces admit to be racist too, etc.  Just look up "institutionally racist" in a search engine and it will stop short of giving you a full listing of police precincts in the UK.
I want a liter cola.
This is the country were [Jean Charles de Menezes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Charles_de_Menezes), some random innocent guy that wasn't quite white enough, was stuffed with bullets in 2005, and where the police was only prosecuted for breaching **health and safety laws** after a massive (and now documented) cover-up.

Honestly, if policemen can empty an automatic gun into the head of some innocent guy, in public, lie like their did and get away with it, I don't think they'll have any trouble over a "not unlawful restrain" gone wrong.
Yes, we should just leave Texas to the fascists, NO.
If you went through, and systematically collected the perception of police behavior from 500 randomly selected people in a city, then compared the responses based on race... that would be called 'data', and it helps. If you had 500 random people email you with their experience, many of them leaving out their race or their city... that would be 'anecdotal' and useless.

However, anecdotes can influence researchers on what they should study... is there anecdotal evidence of racism? Well then do a study, get hard data, and see. But anecdotes should never be used to make a judgement or policy change... you end up greasing the squeaky wheel, which is rarely the real root of the problem. Just because it screams the loudest doesn't mean it deserves the most grease.
It's powdered sugar!
&gt;While I agree that positions of power, in general, tend to attract the kind of person that would look to abuse it,

&gt;only that all, or even maybe most, are not.

You're inconsistent.  The fact that there is anecdotal evidence does not invalidate the logic of the type of people who are attracted to the positions.
Just get a large Farva.
The cops above murdered someone on film and got away with it. What do you think this guys chances are?
You've successfully proven that every move a cop makes is not wrong.
How about this: The ones who are assholes aren't punished by their peers. This makes their peers just as guilty.
which is why police handbook should not include chokes, most of the idiots dun realize how dangerous they are.
Lucky you. I would say probably two out of three people have had the same experiences.
If you can't breathe, you can't exactly scream. Calling bullshit on this one.
How long can law enforcement continue to claim innocence in the face of slam-dunk evidence like this?
----------------
They can do it as long as we put up with it. Unfortunately they make the rules and the only way to stop them is to break rules. So make your choice... accept you're the bottom rung of society and that the system can fuck with you anytime it wants. Or be a fugitive on the run.
I hear you, but some trends are easy enough to see: you say that anecdotes don't help and one cannot generalize based on those, but there's places where, in all the families, all the kids have stories of being bullied by the police for some lame reason or the other.  

Going all academic is well and good, but I don't think you can say that the (very generalized) opinion these families have of the police isn't justified.
[deleted]
This sounds like a way for both of us to make quite a healthy profit. I want to make sure I am dealing with you though. Would you send me a picture of you in your doctor outfit holding up a copy of one of the recent British newspapers? I know it is one more minor expense, but they are really cheap at any store in London.

Hope to hear from you soon. Don't forget the picture!

Regards,

Bill S. Preston esq.
Obama will fix this.
"there was not sufficient evidence that the officers had breached their duty of care."

A corpse seems like a pretty substantial piece of evidence to me...
it has been kerbed
That's funny, those cops don't look Chinese...

Oh right, because they're white.
LOL I bet you're white.
Sometimes, you are wrong.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Didn't the chief of the met police resign over that? I remember there was quite a furore..
[deleted]
[deleted]
He didn't resign (in fact he received full support from the prime minister, no less).

His name is Ian Blair, btw.  I wish there's a hell for people like that.
"that part of Ireland I think is part of the UK" &amp; "Scottland" say more about your post than I ever could.

There is no such thing as "English" law.  It's UK law.  It's exactly the same for people there as it is in Wales.  And what the fuck do Australia and Canada have to do with anything?
Are you under the impression that there is some kind of English law?
Ok schoolchildren: You can feel the policeman's finger penetrating your ass. Do you: a) vilently struggle b) try to relax your anus?
MANY THANKS FOR YOUR MALES MR. COAST IN THE INTEREST OF EXPEDITING SUCH MODALITIES I HAVE INSTRUCTED OUR NOTARY TO RECIEVE DETAISL OR WESTERN UNION NUMBER. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FORWARD IMMEDIATE I BEG OF YOU. IN ESSENCE IS TIME!

EARNEST WE BE

ATTACHMENT IS YOUR REQUESTED INFORMATION SO AS TO BE UPFRONT IN OUR BUSINESS DEALINGS

http://img137.imageshack.us/my.php?image=londonnewsbk5.jpg
TBH I'm not a big fan of TX, but it's OK. I would leave except that I just really like my job here and a job that is enjoyable with competent / intelligent management is an extremely rare thing.
Nobody resigned, which meant they left the responsibility on the shoulders of the officers at the scene. The operational Commander got a medal, for unrelated excellence, about 6 months later
&gt; And what the fuck do Australia and Canada have to do with anything?

I do believe that you ought to reacquaint yourself with the concept of the [British Commonwealth of Nations.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_members_of_the_Commonwealth_of_Nations_by_name)

&gt; "that part of Ireland I think is part of the UK" &amp; "Scottland" say more about your post than I ever could.

Howso? Because I'm a non-native and haven't been keeping myself abreast of the nationalist impulses of another country? [Both Northern Ireland and Scotland are part of the UK still.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Kingdom)

&gt; There is no such thing as "English" law. It's UK law. It's exactly the same for people there as it is in Wales.

Equal protection under the letter of the law is ***NOT*** equivalent to equal protection under the enforcement of the law.

It's just England, you fucktard.
yes you can.  you got lucky
nowdays they call that nonlethal and the police victum died of delirium.
shitty cops can be redefined by "derr homeland security" what they call "failed to obey police commands" in how many seconds under 10.
i was going to ask that and not as cruel question.   i am reminded of the black dude outside of lubbock, texas that served decades in prison for crimes later proved he did not commit.   and the police chief was finally arrested and convicted for going after only black people and faking the evidence.

again, this is a johnny sutton psychosis in american law enforcement.   we copy the brits.
No, I think I found the right word.  Murder.  When someone says "I can not breathe," and you continue to strangle them with your knee, you have effectively murdered them. Thanks for playing.
Strangling a suffocating person with your knee and not releasing when they tell you they can't breathe is murdering them.  The police willfully obstructed his ability to breathe.
Umm... and how is that bad? So your claim is that 67% of people have had 0 bad cop experiences out of 20 contacts... the obvious flipside is that 1/3 (33%) have had at least one bad experience with a cop.

If you ignore the race and region component for a second, just for the sake of argument, and assume that all cops are equally likely to be nasty, and that no racism exists... that means that out of 60 police contacts, you're looking at only 2 or 3 of them being nasty in some way... which goes right back to some other people's comments that only 5% of cops are assholes, but those 5% tarnish the work of the other 95%.

Of course, you can't ignore race and region... some cities have horrible police forces with a culture of abuse; other forces are decidedly racist, and minorities suffer disproportionately in those areas.

But the point is that your claim is about what I believe... the majority of people never have a nasty police encounter, particularly white or rural people. And that's why so many people trust the gub'ment... because it's never dicked them over.

In fact, that's an excellent point... if more people were hit with asshole cops, if the MAJORITY of people had been stuck with a real dickwad at some point, there would be a stronger protest against abuse of police power. But many people are apathetic about it because they've never encountered it.
Sure, if by "effectively" you're hedging your statement to classify manslaughter and all other acts that end in death as murder.

It's great that you think the law is a game.
That's how they see it.  They intentionally restricted his ability to breathe.  They killed him.  Try holding down a cop, with your knee to his neck.  When he screams, "I can't breathe!" and you continue to apply pressure to his throat, when he dies, tell me what they charge you with.  It won't be manslaughter.
I think the point is not "omfgwtfbbq all cops are azzholez" but that if any cop does something wrong like what they did to this guy (not the article's but the OP) they will get away with it easily. Which is fucking bad, very bad.
It kinda makes me want to bomb a police station (I don't care how many innocents die).
The problem is that people don't blog about the cop that pulled them over and gave them a warning for having expired plates. They don't rant about the policeman that just drove past while they smoked a blunt on their porch. They don't scream about the town that doesn't do no-knock raids.

We do have some serious abuses of power in parts of the US. And our prisons are overflowing with people that shouldn't be in there. But the answer is not to make tons of laws restricting police power.

The answer is to remove the reason for police to be there in the first place.

Reforming drug laws would instantly fix 90% of police abuse, without even doing a single investigation or firing a single officer. Focus your effort where it helps, by looking at why the police are interacting with the people in the first place.

The second law change that would help is eliminating police annexation. They should not have the ability to steal anyone's property, regardless of guilt, because it gives them a financial incentive to manufacture evidence. Instead, property that will not be returned (due to its illegal use or nature) should be auctioned off, and the criminal should be given the choice of which charity the money is donated to (from a list of approved charities). That involuntary donation should still count for their taxes, etc, just as if they had done it voluntarily.

Remove the incentives for police to be bad, and you'll allow the existing checks and balances to work better.
And out of the 20 or so encounters I've had I've been beat up twice for no particular reason, had my guitar smashed and I've also been arrested twice for no reason except that I wouldn't talk to the cops.  I've also been searched several times for no reason.  Not to mention all the bullshit tickets.
I would bet that over 90 percent of cops cover up for other cops that break the law, in one way or another, including claiming "professional courtesy" or clamming up when an investigation occurs. Any cop that does that is a criminal in my book, and probably a criminal in a judge's book also. Yea, anecdotal evidence that shows justice isn't served does really help because it is very likely indicative of the corruption under the tip of the iceberg.

     edit:clarity
Anecdote fails due to lack of information about race and location. Are you an inner city black? Then I'm not surprised. Are you living in small-town USA with skin whiter than post-op Michael Jackson? Then I'd be pretty surprised.
"Nigerian Businessman"

One less con-artist, trying to convince me that he is the King of Nigeria, via email.
I'm white, living in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.  One time I got beat up for telling the cops to fuck off when they shone their goddamn spotlight in my face for the horrible crime of walking on the sidewalk at night.  The other time I was playing guitar in a park at about midnight.  The park wasn't near any housing, so I doubt I was bothering anyone, but they told me to leave, or they would charge me with trespass.  I asked them why they were such assholes and why they didn't have something better to do, so one of them pushed me back down on the bench and hit me a few times, and the other one smashed my guitar against the bench and cracked the soundbox severely.  I tried to get badges and names on both occasions, but both times they said they didn't have to tell me, which is pure bullshit.  On the first occasion I got beat up I saw their cruiser number, so I called the police complaint number and reported the incident.  They pretty much told me to go fuck myself unless I could prove it, (although not in those words).
It's delicious.
Texas is Oklahoma?
I didn't realize that you could kill a man and not breach your duty of care.
No, not at all, they just should know how to deal with those fuckers properly, is what I meant...don't be an ass.
Right. I'm not saying him dying was right, but when you threaten a cop, who does this everyday, who wants to go home alive and not crippled, you are a nut-job, stupid, and not real bright. The video clearly shows stupidity, inspite of your vivid imaginings. 

CCTV footage shows him calmly talking to two officers but when they order him not to return to the flat a struggle ensues.

Two more officers arrive to help restrain him. Footage appears to show one officer's knee over his neck as his head dangles over the kerb.
I have no doubt he was strangled to death. The coroner's report says it. The pic isn't proof though.
CCTV footage shows him calmly talking to two officers but when they order him not to return to the flat a struggle ensues.

Two more officers arrive to help restrain him. Footage appears to show one officer's knee over his neck as his head dangles over the kerb. 


The fight started when he refused to follow directives from police, not after he was on the ground.
Thats the old lie police tell, the guy wouldnt stay still, he was resisting arrest!

When a person is being choked, they fight and move.  

Crazy isnt it.
As I said, you have to deliberately kill someone for "murder" in the UK, it's the equivalent of first-degree murder in the US, which means he woke up that morning with the urge to kill someone. 

If you hit some one and they fall down, bang their head and die then it's manslaughter. 

If you forget to enable a safety device and someone dies then it's wrongful death. All of these are criminal convictions.
Sooooo you think countries in the commonwealth share the same law?  

You misspelled Scotland in your post, and you only *think* a part of Ireland is part of the UK.

&gt; Equal protection under the letter of the law is NOT equivalent to equal protection under the enforcement of the law.

You don't have a clue what you're on about.  So England somehow enforces a law more than  other parts of the UK?

&gt; It's just England, you fucktard.

 lol
So, you're saying that deliberately antagonizing cops is a bad idea? Not saying you deserved to be beaten... the cops were obviously in the wrong. But you're a real idiot! That's like poking the rottweiler, then whining when it bites. I suspect assholes get beat up by cops more often than polite people.
&gt; Sooooo you think countries in the commonwealth share the same law?

Did I imply this? No. Quit being a dumbass.

&gt; You misspelled Scotland in your post

Keys stick. Deal with it.

&gt; and you only think a part of Ireland is part of the UK.

Already covered. Quit being a dumbass.

&gt; You don't have a clue what you're on about. So England somehow enforces a law more than other parts of the UK?

No, dumbass. It enforces it ***less***. That is, the concept of Rule of Law and equality under the law; there are those whom are more abused by the law in England than in other nations (or even that part of Ireland which is part of Britain still).

&gt; &gt; It's just England, you fucktard.

&gt; lol

I'm glad you can laugh at your own idiocy.
1st degree is premeditated.  You can still commit murder with it not being premeditated.  Intentionally choking someone with your knee while they plead for air is intentional, and while may not be premeditated, is murder.
Is there any proof that he deliberately restricted the mans airway? Intent is the key difference here under English law.
So if you're not implying that countries in the commonwealth share the same law, why did you mention them in your post then??  I ask again, what have they got to do with anything here?

Just to clarify this whole thing for you.  There is NO part of Ireland that is part of Britain.  There is Northern Ireland which is part of the UK.

England doesn't enforce it's laws anymore or any less than any other part of the UK.  You speak so obviously as someone who has never set foot over here and thinks that they know what they're talking about.

Once again.  From the top.  There is no 'English law'.  England doesn't enforce it's laws any differently than *any* other part of the UK.  

It's honestly funny that you've called me a fucktard and an idiot.  You so clearly have no idea about any of this.
I wasn't deliberately antagonizing them, I was treating them like I would anyone else who shone a 1,000,000 candlepower spotlight directly in my face, or who harassed me for sitting in a park minding my own business.  They initiated it, they were being total fucking pricks, and it's absolutely ridiculous of them to expect me to treat them respectfully if they do shit like that.
Pig- *applying pressure to neck*
Citizen - "I can't breathe. I can't breathe."
Pig- *ignoring pleas for mercy and continues to apply pressure to neck*
Citizen - *dies*

Sounds pretty deliberate.
&gt; I ask again, what have they got to do with anything here?

Because they are under the crown, dumbass.

&gt; Just to clarify this whole thing for you. There is NO part of Ireland that is part of Britain. There is Northern Ireland which is part of the UK.

["Great Britain" is a synonym for "UK".](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Kingdom)
&gt; The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom, the UK, or Britain,

And you know what's really ironic? Apparently //you live there// and don't know this. It's like arguing with someone from the US that you can only call it "USA", not just "US".

&gt; England doesn't enforce it's laws anymore or any less than any other part of the UK. You speak so obviously as someone who has never set foot over here and thinks that they know what they're talking about.

Did you even ***read*** the fucking article? Or have you ever heard of world news? Or research?

Jackass.

&gt; Once again. From the top. There is no 'English law'.

Not even up as an option, lackwit. Quit bringing it up. It's called a "strawman" and is a logical fallacy.

&gt; England doesn't enforce it's laws any 
differently than any other part of the UK.

Patently untrue. If you're going to make this assertion, given the origination of the conversation, please provide citeable materials. The position contratemps to your own has already done so.

&gt; It's honestly funny that you've called me a fucktard and an idiot. You so clearly have no idea about any of this.

And yet I'm more informed and more clearly aware of what's going on than you are.

And that //with// my lack of certainty about some issues.
I can't believe I'm defending the cops here, but folk say that sort of shit all the time when they are being handcuffed. Cops generally don't believe a word the suspect says and going by what you see on televised arrests this is a sensible attitude. It's still no excuse for the overly aggressive arrest.
*Cops generally don't believe a word the suspect says and going by what you see on televised arrests this is a sensible attitude.*

When someone says they are dying, perhaps they should take note.  Innocent until proven guilty.  There is no excuse for choking a person to death with your knee.  None.
I thought the same thing.
Why does it matter if they are under the crown??  It's not the crowns laws.  The crown, the commonwealth and the queen have absolutely no point here.  

I cannot spell it out any clearer than I have.  I stay in the UK.  There is no difference in the enforcement of the laws here.  What happened in the article could have happened anywhere in the UK.  There is no difference between the nations that make up the UK as far as the enforcement (or lack thereof) of any of the UK's laws.  

I don't have to provide citable materials to prove that the law is enforced equally in each of the home nations.  It's up to you to show they are not.

&gt;And yet I'm more informed and more clearly aware of what's going on than you are.

Yeah, so I can tell.  Why don't you go visit "the isle of mann" or "scottland" or that "bit of Ireland you think is in the UK" and get a clue.
&gt; I don't have to provide citable materials to prove that the law is enforced equally in each of the home nations. It's up to you to show they are not.

RTFA.
Oh yeah I see it now.  the bit that says "Oh if only I was in Scottland or that bit of Ireland I think is in the UK, or canada"

Summary:
I don't even think you can make that generalization.
I stay in the UK.
There is no difference in the enforcement of the laws here.
There is no 'English law'.
That's how they see it.
You know what, this is what the fucking police do.
Got any more good ones like this?
Not "there's some racist officers" or "there's a lot of racist officers".
It's up to you to show they are not.
&gt; England doesn't enforce it's laws any 
differently than any other part of the UK.
I am not saying there aren't asshole cops, only that all, or even maybe most, are not.
There is no such thing as "English" law.
It's not the crowns laws.
England doesn't enforce it's laws any differently than *any* other part of the UK.
&gt; and you only think a part of Ireland is part of the UK.
People who say they are mostly good, have not had to deal with the police I live.
Oh yeah I see it now.
I thought the same thing.
&gt; I ask again, what have they got to do with anything here?
&gt; Anecdotes don't really help.
&gt; It's just England, you fucktard.
There is Northern Ireland which is part of the UK.
Oh they don't, do they?
&gt; You don't have a clue what you're on about.
When he screams, "I can't breathe!"
The word you're looking for is killed.
Abusive cops would be more likely were I a minority in a big city.
If one can scream, one can breathe.
The less he could breathe, the more he struggled.
Yeah, so I can tell.
I ask again, what have they got to do with anything here?
I think you're just being pedantic.
So England somehow enforces a law more than  other parts of the UK?
So England somehow enforces a law more than other parts of the UK?
&gt; England doesn't enforce it's laws anymore or any less than any other part of the UK.
&gt; &gt; It's just England, you fucktard.
Why not just say the person was murdered?
I wish there's a hell for people like that.
It's just England, you fucktard.
You don't have a clue what you're on about.
I would say probably two out of three people have had the same experiences.
England doesn't enforce it's laws anymore or any less than any other part of the UK.
All that being said, why did someone decide to take on several cops?
*All that being said, why did someone decide to take on several cops?
](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Kingdom)

&gt; There is no such thing as "English" law.
Why take on several cops?
It's exactly the same for people there as it is in Wales.
The more they piled on, the less he could breathe.
This is a case of death by "excited delirium" if I ever saw one - on the part of the cops doing the restraining.
It's still way more severe than "accidental death".
Not all deaths are wrongful, sure.
Sometimes, I think the world would be better without police.
The cops above murdered someone on film and got away with it.
I have no doubt he was strangled to death.
&gt; brit-speak

That would be English, then.
Equal protection under the letter of the law is ***NOT*** equivalent to equal protection under the enforcement of the law.
&gt; Equal protection under the letter of the law is NOT equivalent to equal protection under the enforcement of the law.
Calling bullshit on this one.
the bit that says "Oh if only I was in Scottland or that bit of Ireland I think is in the UK, or canada"
There is NO part of Ireland that is part of Britain.
When someone says "I can not breathe," and you continue to strangle them with your knee, you have effectively murdered them.
LOL I bet you're white.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.63
