Original Response:
Plus the group has said that they were in International Waters.  Apparently the Government Minister keeps on saying that the seals are killed humanely and these people dared to show that was a lie.

Does anyone have more details?
No, the actual crime is getting too close to the sealers making it dangerous for the guys on the ice. Plus hitting a Coast Guard ship.. twice, doesn't win you any points either.
How does someone videoing the sealers make it dangerous for them?
Why do we need seals to exist? I mean, it's not like seal hunters will wipe them *all* out.

(This is an actual question)
Uh, they weren't in Canada.
The getting close enough to video is dangerous.  As far as I am aware, the charge was for getting too close, not the videotaping itself.
Correct, when people are shooting guns it doesn't make a whole lot of sense to go driving a boat through the area. 

... and by the way, animals are killed every day, calling it a slaughter is just propaganda
The seal populations are monitored, they are not endangered, they are just cute and it makes women and children cry when they die, get over it please. How about protecting species that are in actual danger? Like tigers and elephants, why don't they put wheels on that boat and go protect elephants in Africa and Asia?
The seal populations are monitored due to the lack of predators in the area, the cull is used to maintain a healthy population.

Seals also happen to eat the fish in the area, which also need to both be fished by humans as well as protected so THEY don't collapse and leave humans starving in the future.

It's unfortunate, but a cull is necessary.
To elaborate on what you have said, The Seal population in Canada is to large to support itself. They come and eat most of the cod, and make the process of increasing the cod population in the area slower and less effective. If the Seal hunt did not happen, The cod would nearly be wiped out by now and the Seals would be starving to death.
[deleted]
Yeah, the seals would wipe out the cod.

That's why after millennia of seal and cod living in balance together, cod no longer exist.

Oh, wait. They still exist? 
Maybe then it's our hundreds of fishing boats that are fucking everything up?
So whether or not the animals are raised in a controlled environment or not is what makes it right or wrong?
Just because it's cute doesn't make it special. Clubbing seals is good fun too.
Well, obviously we don't know about the many species of fish that the seal wiped out before we started monitoring species.  Or invented science.
I've met Paul Watson, and although I agree with him on most things, he is also very good and self-promotion and making a big stink. The Sea Shepard Society's most common tactic is to physically get in the way of hunters and fishers, then broadcast the process of being arrested so as to create publicity. If they were arrested for breaking the law, so be it. 

Let's also remember that one of the big things about the big dirty seal hunt is that people in the US and the EU are buying the products that come from it. To those people, if you don't like the process, don't buy the products.
I love the spin these environmentalists try to put on the seal hunt. Using posters of fluffy seals, photos ops with celebrities like Paul McCartney next to young seal pups, it's a joke.

FYI, it's actually illegal to get close to baby seals. It has also been illegal for many years now for seal hunters to kill them. Hell, they aren't even clubbed anymore, they're shot. What you see coming out of these animal protection people is pure propaganda, and it's all spun to get as much money out of your pockets as possible.

Then again, this is reddit, so most of you reading this were probably a little more wise to this than the rest of the populace.
[deleted]
"slaughta ya oughta" by the the legendary mc face:
http://youtube.com/watch?v=OMDl39CkRuo
hello uninformed submitter.

there have been precedents with people filming

boats that hunted seals. some of em died and

they had to legislate.

every stupid law happens because of an idiot.
Maybe killing a few seals is a small price to pay for oh so delicious cod! I vote yes!
It's the combination of hundreds of fishing boats and thousands of seals that are fucking everything up. Controls on human fishing are already in place, and I don't think we're about to abandon the industry altogether just to make the seals happy. That's not what you're suggesting, are you?

With intelligent management, we can maintain the balance between all three species. It's us, not the fish or the seals, who have the ability to do that.
Guess what.. it already has collapsed.  The largest record catches in the Grand Banks area happened in the late 60's and is known as 'the killer spike'.  Fish catches declined every year since then.  The CDN government is to blame for not heeding the warnings.
&gt;I love the spin these environmentalists try to put on the seal hunt. Using posters of fluffy seals, photos ops with celebrities like Paul McCartney next to young seal pups, it's a joke.

It's not even that.  There's environmentalism, and there's environmentalism.

If you're worried about the environment because it's an externality that the economy isn't addressing, because there could be serious long-term effects, that's one thing.  Cleaning heavy metal pollution out of our waterways was probably a pretty good thing.  I wholeheartedly agree with the idea that environmental damage can go unaddressed.

On the other hand, then there's the PETA-style "save the fluffy bunnies" campaigns.  This has little to do with actual long-term environmental concerns -- barring an extinction, the seal population will return to normal after hunting -- and a lot to do with the fact that it's easy to market pictures of seals that trigger "cute" responses in people's minds.

Even if someone is concerned about whether or not an wild animal is in pain, I can just about guarantee that being killed in a hunt is a lot more fun than slowly starving to death, nature's mechanism for limiting population.

The point is, the treatment of "environmentalism" as a single, atomic thing has led to some really stupid decisions.  There are right-wing people who reject very sensible ideas, like limiting automobile emissions, and there are left-wing people who are immediately willing to fight to the death to defend "green" ethanol, despite the fact that ethanol policy in the US translates to large subsidies to the corn industry and little decrease (and potentially even an increase) in total emissions.

Environmentalism is not an all-or-nothing issue, and should not be treated as such.  Each issue should be evaluated on its own merits.
Is this meant to be read as a poem, because that's how I read it.
&gt;Hell, they aren't even clubbed anymore, they're shot.

You're right about the rest, but I'm pretty sure the club ([Hakapik](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seal_hunting#Hakapiks)) is still the primary method. From what I know, though, it's considered at least as humane as a rifle, since the blows are delivered directly and repeatedly to the head rather than wherever the bullet happens to land.
Agree, I am sick and tired of being marketed to by people who "care".  Looking down their noses at me and never actually offering anything more to the world than "hey you are all doing wrong, give us money to feel better".  

How about some research, some practical ideas about how to go forward?  How about funding new ideas instead of protests to stop old ideas?
Why are you getting downmoded? You hit it. The cod fishery collapsed because our fisheries ministry ignored key information it had and went ahead and boosted participation and investment in the fishery while it was endangered. That's the truth of it.
Canada could play a larger role in saving the elephant and the whale if it didn't have so much dirty laundry here at home.
[deleted]
I love flipper pie.
Nonsense. Piffle. Claptrap and bullshit. The cod were "monitored." Gee, good job, Canucks! Canadians can't play the environmental role they'd like to internationally when their own record is so sorry at home.
Correct enough.  The Canadian Government doesn't limit the amount of fishing as much as it should.  The seal hunt helps deal with the problem, but it still needs much more attention than it currently receives.

However,  placing the blame on solely the Canadian Government is missing several important pieces of the problem.  The United States fishes in the Grand Banks region, as well as several other nations, to my memory.  I recall an incident involving a Spanish Fishing ship and the Canadian Coast Guard some years back, though the details escape me.

The point is that while Canada is probably (I can't find any accurate data to back this up) the leading fisher in the Northwest Atlantic, it isn't the only country to blame.

EDIT: Grammar
Exactly correct.

Unfortunately, when it comes down to people eating or not, people like to go fishing.

The lack of predators in the area are also a problem, and that's probably our fault too.

You'd be hard pressed to find a current environmental problem that isn't our fault.
&gt;With intelligent management, we can maintain the balance

If there are too many humans - shall we club some of them to death too?
The USA just killed 1 million people in Iraq - I think someone described that as being good fun too!
Why do we need black people to exist?

If you answer my question, I will answer your question.

Maybe killing is just wrong!
[deleted]
Yes, because killing seals and humans is exactly morally equivalent.
Not if you are a seal.
&gt;The seal populations are monitored, they are not endangered

Not only are they not endangered, they are a fucking parasite that's partly to blame for declining cod stocks on the east coast;  overfishing by the French is another - they have two islands - St. Pierre and Miquelon in Canadian waters.

Truth is these seals are quite plentiful, and it's no less humane than sticking a hook in the side of a fish and suffocating it to death.
Um... no? Yes? What are you looking for here? Were you trying to make a point, or were you just being hysterical?
&gt;shall we club some of them to death too

You finally understand the purpose of the Iraq war.

Clubbing a seal is no less humane than clubbing a fish.
Nor the number of tribes we eliminated on the East Coast when this centuries long debacle began. Canada mismanaged its fishery. Then it attempted to place all the blame on international fleets. Ask an East Coaster. He knows who the real villain is.
&gt;The cod fishery collapsed because our fisheries ministry ignored key information it had and went ahead and boosted participation and investment in the fishery while it was endangered.

There's more to it than that.  We only control 200 nautical miles.  The Portugese are fucking vultures who overfish.  We've captured a couple of vessels who've been illegally fishing our Cod.  Then on top of it, France has two islands in Canadian waters - St. Pierre and Miquelon where they can fish until they turn blue in the face.  It's sad, but now the Seals are thriving and Cod is endangered.  Some balance isn't a bad thing.
[Spanish trawlers fishing the protected cod stock in disputed waters](http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=990CE0DE123AF931A25750C0A963958260)
I happen to not be a seal. Seals can't type on a keyboard, unless we mean Navy Seals, in which case this entire post makes no sense at all.
And exactly how are we balancing the human equation? We know how we manage the seals: kill hundreds of thousands of them each spring while the pups are less than three weeks old. And for what? To sate the European taste for fur and fill soup bowls in China.
Well, they've been having a real problem ever since the popularity of the 2 seals, 1 harpoon video.
Well, actually no. The predators that used to eat the seals are also gone, so, their numbers are exploding.  If we didn't cull them they would reproduce, eat everything and then die off completly.
He is getting down modded because he misses the point that Ciserus made entirely, and is simply adding another sensational voice to the choir of uneducated fools like those who join the Sea Sheppard NGO.
Humans are sentient, intelligent beings that all have the potential to improve our society and quality of life, curbing their population would be silly.
While I find it morally repugnant to club an innocent creature to death - I would gladly club to death many of the corrupt, lying politicians which I have seen on TV.
&gt;The United States fishes in the Grand Banks region, as well as several other nations, to my memory.

France has access because of those two little islands - St. Pierre and Miquelon.  On top of that, the Portugese are limitless vultures who also overfish our stocks from international waters, and occassionally drift into Canadian waters; we've even siezed a couple of their ships...
[deleted]
Welcome to the predator-prey relationship. We are super predators, every single damn species on this planet is possible prey for us. What morality calls for us to do is maintain the populations of those prey animals under any circumstances to protect the ecosystem in which we developed. In this case, both the cod and the seals are prey animals which we must balance or we face our own extinction. If this is too logical for you to understand, go cry and commit suicide- it will do our species a world of good.
Reminds me of dear hunters that say you have to  hunt dear because there are too many for a particular area.  Really?  Or is it more like we are encroaching on their natural habitat?
I just think it is wrong to club innocent creatures to death - Even if they do eat fish.
Basically someone fucked up the numbers a few years ago and the cod fishery flourished. We fished a lot, and there were monsterous factory ships from europe that were dredging the fish out of the sea by the metric tonne.  We didn't chase after them, we figured things were hunky dorey.  It was the grand banks after all.

then the fish dried up.  Much freaking out was done.   Fingers were pointed, and we started to have to manage the cod very very carefully.  WE actually got into a bit of a shooting war with spain over their pillaging.

the seals on the other hand, absent quite a few of their old predators, and the fallout of the anti sealing 80s broo ha ha had blossomed out to insane numbers in population.  Which was quite handily eating what little by way of cod was left.


so, we have to take their population in hand.

We admit fault, but it's not just our fault.  Canadians aren't the only ones who fished there, and aren't even the ones who fished the most there.  We just didn't keep people out like we should have all along.  We were basically too nice about it all along.

There, and east coaster tells it.
But if youre a cod and havn't seen another cod in years, yeah.  fuck the seals.
I'll club any tasty or useful(as a carcass) creature to death, if you attempt to stop me I'll club you to death as well. Have a nice day. :D
Bingo. We should have been blowing spanish ships out of the sea for a few decades now.
Let's talk about the FULL history of this event for a second, shall we?

So, late March comes around. The crew of the Farley Mowat, a Dutch ship, decided that they will get uncomfortably close to a seal hunters ship, in an attempt to intimidate them, and get them to stop hunting. The crew of the sealing ship, fearing for their lives (based on previous experiences with the same environmental group), radios for help to protect them from the Farley Mowat.

A vessel from the Canadian Department of Fisheries comes to the scene. An altercation between this ship and the Farley Mowat ensues. Canadian Governments position is that  their vessel was rammed twice by the Farley Mowat. Farley Mowat's crews position is the Fisheries ship rammed them. Believe who you want to, but remember, the environmental group that is captaining the Farley Mowat brags about sinking several sealing ships since 1979, so they do not exactly have a history of being rational, or law abiding.

After this, the Farley Mowat is docked in Nova Scotia (I believe it was), and several members of the Farley Mowat are charged with breaking a law which prohibits people from getting too close to a seal hunt (this law was instituted in the past, as extremist environmentalist groups has previously attempted to ram/drown/etc seal hunting boats/hunters). They face fines of up to $100,000 or up to a year in jail. 

Now, several days later, the same people, in the same boat (the Farley Mowat), are back at it again for some reason. This is despite the fact that I swear I had read in one news report that the Farley Mowat was NOT supposed to leave it's dock, as it had been impounded or something. 

this time the RCMP comes out and arrests them all...

It's good to know the whole story, isn't it? :P

http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5jc3HpeHfZRpzl4xiMRT-Y7I8FiOQ
http://ukpress.google.com/article/ALeqM5iBkOSSPrKKCq2M1CqXdMN-aQONXQ
http://www.upi.com/NewsTrack/Top_News/2008/04/12/canada_seizes_sea_shepherd_vessel/8488/
While many problems are definitely our fault, I don't think we should go lamenting the problems that plague the organism we call Earth. It will find its own balance, regardless of what we do either way. One solution it will doubtlessly come up with is the extinction of man- and this will happen if we do not influence how the Earth balances itself. 

Either way, the seal hunt is neither illegal or immoral. To stop it and allow the population to explode- followed by the extinction of the north Atlantic cod and (in domino effect) the human race- is foolish.
Politics are a bitch.
Seals are also sentient, intelligent beings.

Why do you not consider curbing their population to be 'silly'?
yeah, its the seal population that is wiping out the cod population not human overfishing.
Can cod fuck seals?
There are too many for a particular area.
Many humans lack the ability to type on a keyboard - this is not reason to club their offspring to death.
sure, why not?
yes, lets put our environmental money where its  needed! So we can save the Masculinely endangered species like tigers and elephants, not towards saving the effeminate species like the seals that only women and children cry over.  No, no, that species is not for us glorious manly tiger lovers!
Gosh - What a nice bloke you are!
Interestingly enough, it's thought that deer populations in many areas are at their highest levels *ever* -- including before the Europeans arrived in North America. I don't know the details of why that is, but presumably it has to do with us removing most of their natural predators.

One way or another we're probably to blame, but the fact remains that there are too many of them.
They wouldn't have been charged if they were in international waters.
So what are your having for dinner tonight?
That is a good distinction and you made some rational points.  I'm responding to inform you, in case you hadn't heard my viewpoint before.

&gt;There are right-wing people who reject very sensible ideas, like limiting automobile emissions,

I reject things that like being done by the government because just limiting emissions is not the best way for the gov to fix the problem, and infringes on peoples' rights.  What I think should be done in such cases is for the government to recognize that that externality (pollution in this example) is due to a lack of property rights in the problem area (air).  

I.e., if my neighbor builds a factory that spews smog into my property, that is *definitely* him violating my property rights, but the gov doesn't currently recognize air (or airspace, or whatever) as property.
So, a baby seal walks into a club...
Intelligent management?? We've had years to intelligently manage and we still blame the animals for being animals. Yes, perhaps we should start thinking about abandoning the industry.
Not a bad idea, but instead of clubbing each other we should be holding a lottery for the right to have children, after a psychological and income evaluation along with a certificate from a course teaching people about the responsibilities of being a parent.
So how do we know that the population is near of exceeding pre-murder all natives and rape North America of every resource.
banana sandwiches, followed by chocolate pudding (yum!) - why?
&gt;I reject things that like being done by the government because just limiting emissions is not the best way for the gov to fix the problem, and infringes on peoples' rights. What I think should be done in such cases is for the government to recognize that that externality (pollution in this example) is due to a lack of property rights in the problem area (air).

I've no problem to the market addressing things that can reasonably be addressed by the market.  I would argue that there has not been a proposed mechanism that would reasonably allow assessing and recompensing others for air pollution.

For one, air pollution spreads out.  Where it goes varies based upon particular wind patterns at the time.  Requiring someone to pay for emissions from their automobile would require tracking everyone's location, all the time (which, frankly, I find to be much more of an infringement).  What about costs in other countries?

Market economies depend upon the assumption that a price can be efficiently set and exacted between a buyer and a seller.  There are environments where I do not believe that this is the case, or at least I am unaware of any effective proposed mechanism.  Air and water pollution are a good example.

There have been some schemes proposed to deal with specific types of pollution for which the effect can be considered at a purely global level -- carbon dioxide and carbon credits are a good example.  But assessing how much damage mercury emissions will do?

Sure, someone could always file a lawsuit.  But an efficient market assumes a zero transaction cost -- this doesn't have to be true, but it does have to approximate reality.  If someone has to file and win a (horrendously expensive) lawsuit any time they want to deal with pollution, I claim that few people would be willing to engage in the market.

Maybe you've a good solution for dealing with pollution using a market; I'm not aware of any practical proposals out there at the moment.
http://hughstimson.org/2008/04/13/was-the-farley-mowat-in-international-waters/

Incase anyone else got lost trying to figure out nautical territory.
[deleted]
&gt;the right to have children...

Ahh freedom -
If you really want to help Mother Earth then worry about the human population not the seal population.
I love how Canadians try to look down on the USA, when they have shit like this. You will see them defend it too.
Umm... our species were hunter-gatherers long before we discovered agriculture. We've been slaughtering wild things for millennia. I hope one day it ends, but first we're gonna have to gene-mod us a meat-n-fur tree.
&gt; a law prohibiting anyone without a valid seal-hunt observation licence from coming within **a half nautical mile** of a seal hunt, Canada's fisheries department said.

Half a nautical mile is not close.

&gt; Alex Cornelissen, captain of the Farley Mowat, said in a statement his vessel was "twice rammed" in the port stern after he ignored warnings not to approach sealers on the third day of Canada's annual hunt.

And they get rammed by the *Canadian government* in extremely dangerous conditions.
Except for that title is sensationalist- it is not a crime to video a seal hunt in Canada. It *is* illegal to get too close to a sealing ship without an observation license. The reason for this law is because protesters (including this organisation) have rammed and sunk sealing ships in the past. They've also engaged in other dangerous acts which I believe have caused fatalities.

No doubt some of the crap you refer to goes on in Canada, but this is not some of it.
More like, humans are part of the ecosystem, and smart enough to engineer it's stability.. by killing seals.
&gt;We've been slaughtering wild things for millennia

'We' practised cannibalism for millennia too -  That doesn't make it right.
The Iraq war is not making the slightest little dent in the world's human population.
Lets club the Spanish to death then - if they are the real culprits.
&gt;While I find it morally repugnant to club an innocent creature to death

Are you a vegetarian? Because this is no different than any other type of slaughter. Infact, the way these seals are killed is probably a lot humaner than how your beef is killed. The only diffrence is the seals are cutter, and they have a better PR department.
There are over 6 billion humans - They are the real parasites - Why not suffocate some of them to death , if we can do it in a humane manner?
Funny that Canada takes this attitude. In Norway seal hunting is a [tourist](http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article806129.ece) [sport](http://www.terradaily.com/2005/050127185620.64mgwt7y.html).
Half a nautical mile is probably too far to film the brutality. That is the real purpose. It's not about keeping them away because if someone  decides to ram a boat there is nothing you can do about it, no matter what distances are involved.

Also, according to one article i've read posted the *Canadian government* has rammed their ships. After the French government's terrorist bombing of the Rainbow Warrior killing an innocent man in the process, this sounds very similar. It's common now for law enforcement to push people to their limits deliberately and then use that as an excuse to use excessive force and violence. Then the government steps in gives their terrorist rhetoric and point the finger at how violent these people are, when they know very well they caused it in the first place.
[deleted]
To address the valid points you raised specifically:

&gt;For one, air pollution spreads out. Where it goes varies based upon particular wind patterns at the time. 

I'm reminded of water rights; I know almost nothing about water rights laws, but it seems similar principles would apply (with added/impossible difficulty of prediction).  Also, it's possible to track pollution output or input in a certain area.  Without being able to predict air movement, sensors could be placed around people's property to measure this.  This is analogous to land rights; back in history, a lot of government effort and money were put into defining, marking, and enforcing simple land rights.

&gt;Requiring someone to pay for emissions from their automobile would require tracking everyone's location, all the time (which, frankly, I find to be much more of an infringement). 

I'm going by the seat of my pants here, but I don't think that would be necessary.  Car drivers could choose, instead, to have their pollution measured in aggregate on the roads they are traveling - they could 'sign' their pollution liability to the owner of the road, who would then be responsible for its disposal (and therefore its measurement).  Did I say that in a way that makes sense?

&gt;What about costs in other countries?

Any rights-based gov should be able to cooperate with other such govs...it would be like all international property management and disputes.  It wouldn't be Utopia, but the problems would be solvable.

&gt;But assessing how much damage mercury emissions will do?

Regarding this point, I think that damage would have to be proved one initial time within the law, before the gov regarded it as a property right issue.   Assessing the damage, if there was a right infringement, would then have to be case-by-case for violators, like with land.  Once damages are defined once or algorithmically, the gov is responsible for blanket enforcement.  I.e., when someone gets mugged, they don't have to sue the mugger because the law in that area is well-defined.

Basically my rough estimation is that something like air pollution can be measured well enough, if the proper resources are allocated to a government capable of doing it.  I think this applies to other types of pollution, too.

If I missed any of your points, tell me, because it wasn't intentional.  Thanks for the response, this is the most interesting thing I've thought about today.
&gt;the way these seals are killed is probably a lot humaner than how your beef is killed

I couldn't agree more (veal is totally disgusting)

But this still doesn't make it right to kill seals - or cows.
[deleted]
Oh, I thought he walked into a bar and asked for a Canadian Club on the rocks...
Wait so these donations come from predominantly pensioners and children, but millionaires flew in to personally become involved? Sounds like a disgruntled employee ;)

Interviewer? Canadian.
Program? Canadian.
Citations? Canadian.
A 30 Year old interview

So basically it was a production made by a nation of drooling seal clubbers about why drooling seal clubbers should continue the practice in it's current form.

&gt; the coast guard rammed the vessel Sunday when the Farley Mowat did not comply.

&gt; after the Farley Mowat stopped in the ice, the coast guard rammed the ship a second time.

http://www.cfrb.com/news/14/691592

The conditions are extremely dangerous. Icy, cold, turbulent seas and the Canadian government authorized these actions on the observers, remarkably similar to how the French government authorized the terrorist bombing of an anchored ship in a port of New Zealand, which killed an innocent man.
&gt;Seals are also sentient, intelligent beings.

[citation needed]
[deleted]
&gt;sensors could be placed around people's property to measure this.

Yup, but is this more effective, more efficient than the existing solution?  We'd need to produce, distribute, monitor and maintain sensors nationwide.

I'm a pragmatist -- I like market solutions because they're robust and have a solid history of working well.  That doesn't mean that they're universally better than alternatives, though.

&gt;I'm going by the seat of my pants here, but I don't think that would be necessary. Car drivers could choose, instead, to have their pollution measured in aggregate on the roads they are traveling - they could 'sign' their pollution liability to the owner of the road, who would then be responsible for its disposal (and therefore its measurement).

Assuming we could keep the costs of all this down, in human time and collection costs, okay.  But now you still aren't benefiting much:

(a) If landowners near highways have no compulsory licensing mechanism (a la radio music licensing), they effectively have a monopoly over use of the highway.  A single landowner could shut down the highway by simply refusing to sell air rights.  Highways are expensive.  To ward against this, someone building a highway would probably need to purchase air pollution rights from all landowners judged to be affected.  Presumably, we'd have to say that at some point, air pollution is so diffuse that one cannot charge for it (which causes its own problems -- create enough pollution over enough area and it can't diffuse).  The economic barrier to creating a highway would presumably rise significantly.

(b) The highway owner has his own monopoly, as the collector of fees.  Monopolies tend to not work out so well in economies -- now we have an even more expensive barrier to entry, once one factors in air rights.  Now you have only very large organizations able to afford operating a private road.  Imagine cornering the market on US east-west interstates -- there are only about three major routes across the middle US.

(c) Collecting fees will cost money.  I would guess that the efficiency of this system will fall.

The main benefit would seem to be that vehicle owners could drive cars that use leaded fuel, for instance, but there doesn't seem to be terribly much demand for that.  I suppose that it might also eliminate overly-restrictive emissions limitations and might cause operating a car in a city (where people are unhappy about pollution) extremely expensive.

And what about other people impacted?  Lead gets into the waterways.  People breathe lead -- if I'm visiting Los Angeles, how do I obtain damages?

Since the government is the original source of land grants, perhaps they simply should set up a contract associated with land upon grant that retains some air rights, much as homeowners associations do today?  But then we'd be back where we started...

&gt;Car drivers could choose, instead, to have their pollution measured in aggregate on the roads they are traveling - they could 'sign' their pollution liability to the owner of the road, who would then be responsible for its disposal (and therefore its measurement).

How would a road owner prove that you are traveling on a road?  Toll roads today require either toll booths or radio-tag-tracking systems.  Since presumably we aren't going to require someone to pay when travelling down each residential road, the road owner needs to know when you enter and leave a road.

We could charge a subscription fee -- i.e. you must subscribe to the whole LA basin area, for instance -- but that eliminates actual connection to how much pollution you are producing, and essentially simply becomes government-as-operated-by-a-private-company.

We could institute a proxy system, where we trust the proxy and a road owner trusts the proxy, and the proxy tracks everywhere we go (which I *still* find that Orwellian, but...) and the proxy sends us a bill each month.  I'm not certain that the end result would be preferable to what we do today, though.

&gt;Any rights-based gov should be able to cooperate with other such govs...it would be like all international property management and disputes. It wouldn't be Utopia, but the problems would be solvable.

So, let's take greenhouse gasses.  Every country is affected -- this is a worldwide issue.  What if one won't set a price?  Do the other nations violate property rights in the non-cooperative nation?  Surely one can expect different countries to claim different impacts -- maybe one country is worried about the loss of snow on its skiing industry.  Market economies require the ability to enumerate gains and losses, and we don't know exactly what causes what at any point already.

&gt;Regarding this point, I think that damage would have to be proved one initial time within the law, before the gov regarded it as a property right issue.

How would one practically prove air pollution?  Suppose someone's exhaust system is damaged, for instance...right now, the government requires periodic inspections and a base level of performance.  If we eliminate that, how would the damages be evaluated?

What about volatility?  There's an inherent value to having stable pricing -- I know that someone can't jack their rates sky-high and then drop them down several times a day.  The current system provides for a very stable "price" system -- I have to pay something extra, in auto cost or taxes, for an emissions-limited vehicle.  What happens if it suddenly costs $1000 to drive to the grocery store?

&gt;Once damages are defined once or algorithmically, the gov is responsible for blanket enforcement. I.e., when someone gets mugged, they don't have to sue the mugger because the law in that area is well-defined.

But the issue isn't a matter of defining the function -- it's in learning the inputs.  Muggings are relatively rare (and we still can't identify all of them).  Car pollution is far more frequent.  Who is polluting and how much pollution is being produced?
Guess what? I live less than 100 miles from all this, it happens every year and by that I mean the hunt and the animal rights protesters.

 The animal rights nutjobs try to ram boats, my dad worked on the coast guard for 40 years and witnessed their actions, this year they rammed a coast guard vessel. They try to break up the ice under the hunter as he walks on the ice.

 Jerry Vlasic was there last year telling everyone that anyone who eats meat is a murderer and should be killed.

 Do I eat seal? No. Do I eat meat from a slaughter house? Yes! It's the same damn thing only a different animal. It's not pretty seeing red blood on white ice but unless you're a vegetarian the meat you eat, lamb for example, is made the same way.
Spain and Portugal are the worst and Europe just ignores it, maybe not now I don't know for sure but for years they would take as much as and any thing they could carry - no quotas.
As a Canadian citizen I get rammed by the Canadian government all the time -- I think these "Farley Mowat" guys are a bunch of pussies.
You don't think humans were ever cannibals?
&gt; The animal rights nutjobs try to ram boats, my dad worked on the coast guard for 40 years and witnessed their actions, this year they rammed a coast guard vessel.

Yes, your 'dad' who works for the coast guard, says the coast guard are honorable and just and "they" ram "us". How predictable and naive of you:

&gt; the [*coast guard*](http://www.cfrb.com/news/14/691592) rammed the vessel Sunday when the Farley Mowat did not comply.

&gt; after the Farley Mowat stopped in the ice, the coast guard rammed the ship a second time.

...

&gt; They try to break up the ice under the hunter as he walks on the ice.

Assuming this is not another lie, why are hunters walking on the ice when an icebreaker is doing this? That's their own fault. *Real* people with some basic level of common sense would avoid going on the ice in this situation.
Please boys - Get a room!
[deleted]
Hmm, you asked a lot of questions; would you be satisfied with a response answering each specific example you asked about, or were they rhetorical to the point that responding to them won't convince you?  

I ask because the principles behind the answers seem clear to me; either we disagree on those principles or we agree and one of us isn't right about how they apply to the examples you questioned.  If the former, answering your questions will just waste time we should spend talking about principles, if we're to continue the conversation.  If the latter, I can just run off the answers that seem obvious to me.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah Paul McCartney and Heather Mills were here last year to see the seals and they broke up before the ice did, just as chilly too.
Ramming a ship. It could have killed the crew. That is why *ramming* a ship is comparable.
&gt;Half a nautical mile is probably too far to film the brutality. That is the real purpose.

That is not the purpose- every year hundreds of observe licenses are given out, which do collect *very* adequate video footage. If the purpose was to stop filming, why wouldn't they stop all filming? What would the point be of setting up and enforcing laws if they come no where near to stopping what you wish them to stop?

&gt;It's not about keeping them away because if someone decides to ram a boat there is nothing you can do about it, no matter what distances are involved.

That's true. However, as has been seen with these protesters in the past, if they ram someone, they say it was an accident and it becomes he-says/she-says. If you have to keep a distance, then it is clearly your fault if you collide with a sealer's boat.

&gt;according to one article i've read posted the Canadian government has rammed their ships. 

I have yet to see a single article saying that the Coast Guard rammed the ship. Several articles have said that the crew of the Farley Mowat has claimed that they were rammed by the coast guard. There is a world of difference between those two statements. And, since the Sea Shepards have been known to and convicted of ramming boats in the past, and because the Canadian Coast Guard has not AFAIK, I tend to believe that the Mowat was at fault.

&gt;It's common now for law enforcement to push people to their limits deliberately and then use that as an excuse to use excessive force and violence.

I've never heard of one instance of that with the Canadian Coast Guard. But your right- some law enforcement officials in some jurisdictions have been known to behave grossly inappropriately. That means that no person is ever truly guilty when dealing with them.
&gt;Then the government steps in gives their terrorist rhetoric and point the finger at how violent these people are, when they know very well they caused it in the first place.

These people have been proven to resort to violent tactics (ie:ramming) in the past, putting people's lives in grave danger. They also *celebrated* the deaths of several fisherman this week. I do not think rhetoric is needed in order to vilify them.

Just out of curiosity: do you even know anything about the Canadian seal hunt? Other than cute publicity photos with Paul McCartney, have you ever even read an article pertaining to it?
Starvation will get us sooner or later...  Same thing that gets other over populated species.

I quite like Keynes' take on it...   It's a good thing for war, disease and famine...
&gt; How predictable and naive of you.

 To believe my dad who has been there, and you were where? Of course I believe him. My dad is retired now but as I said this happens every year. 

 Farley Mowat has a history of ramming other vessels, wouldn't that seem suspicious to you? 

&gt; And why are hunters walking on the ice when an icebreaker is doing this?

 How do you think they get the seals? Beam them onto the boat? They go on the ice floes, the buffer zone restricting vessels is for all vessels not just crazed animal rights nuts.
Roast dog is nice too, apparently.
Which wouldn't be the case if the areas they once inhabited were still forests and other such types of natural lands instead of concrete.
I can't understand with that point of view.  Interestingly enough, and this might have primed me into this, I was watching that History Channel show Life After Humans and they were discussing wolf levels pre-European arrivals.
[deleted]
Just suppose it were puppies they were killing!
i hate seals fuck up my fishing.
The point was mostly to raise potential issues I see -- my overarching point could be summed up as follows:

I don't think that there currently exists a good mechanism for dealing with pollution in a market fashion.  I would say that the logistical issues are severe enough to raise practicality issues.  As a result, unless someone has a strong, strictly ideological reason for removing the government from the pollution arena (I don't, and I would guess that nearly all US citizens don't), I don't see the move being likely to happen or a good idea.

I tend to lean in favor of right-libertarian economics, but that's because I think that market mechanisms are rather under-valued by the general public.  Watching Michael Moore claiming that "a profit motive doesn't work" is a little frustrating, particularly when he's clearly not correct but has a story that's pretty easy to sell.  I don't do so because I have any interest in the "morality" of property rights, for instance.  For someone whose right-libertarianism is pragmatic, I'm not sure what your scheme offers.

Rather than just saying "I don't think that this is a good idea", though, I wanted to raise specific issues that I'd expect to come up.
in regards to half a nautical mile not being close, fair enough.  While i disagree with much of the opposition to the seal hunt, I would prefer if it would be videotaped, to ensure that things were being conducted in a humane matter (though rifles are used by something like 90% of hunters nowadays).

As for the second point, you're being a bit of an idiot there.

Alex claimed they were rammed. On the flip side, the government claimed the Farley Mowat rammed them. At this point, there is no evidence to suggest which side did the ramming, so it's still up in the air. Taking sides on this with no available evidence except hearsay from both parties makes you look like a total tool.

(There is a history of both seal hunters and environmentalists using their boats to ram each other, cuz some people in both camps are idiots. I have never heard of any Canadian Government vessel ramming an innocent ship. As such, if I had to bet money on this one, I would go with the crew of the Farley Mowat either bullshitting, or them ramming the other vessel first.)
&gt; If you have to keep a distance, then it is clearly your fault if you collide with a sealer's boat.

I disagree - it would be easy to exploit by law enforcement. Your ship enters a no-go zone and i can ram you at top speed and say it's your fault? Yeah right.

&gt; These people have been proven to resort to violent tactics (ie:ramming) in the past, putting people's lives in grave danger. They also celebrated the deaths of several fisherman this week. I do not think rhetoric is needed in order to vilify them.

Celebrating someone's death is not a crime, otherwise most Americans who celebrated the deaths of Iraqis are all criminals. It's not very nice, but it's perfectly legal. Many often wish death upon activists anyway, so it's really a non issue.

As for past behavior, as you said it becomes he-says/she-says. The Coast guard have rammed their boat twice.

As for other areas of law enforcement, they are a symptom of a general government disease. Two or three notable incidents that should made my view of the Canadian government plummet and never to return anytime soon, are

* Some Canadian police inciting violence amongst a protesters as undercover agents. can't remember the details.

* That foreigner who was made to wait for extreme amounts of times in an airport without basic ammenities or attention, then was tased to death by police

* Some incident with the Clinton NAFTA bs against Obama.
[deleted]
regardless of how you feel about the seal hunt, there is some reason to believe that this in fact may be an effort by the canadian coast guard to save face from a recent incident in which some sealers they were towing died:
http://canadianpress.google.com/article/ALeqM5hNf0ZscjtQRRNn4wEdgYhecD7Y3A
I think you should be excluded from the lottery for promoting this idea.
isn't that illegal?
No more wrong than to kill cattle or pigs. That was the original point- that seals shouldn't have special treatment because they're cute. It's hypocritical to condemn one and not the other (not that you've done that).
How about we just limit it to two children a couple and save ourselves from having to discriminate against classes of people and participating in eugenics?
Was science invented or discovered?
Thanks, that's a good summary.  I not only think market mechanisms are better, I also think that capitalism is moral.  Capitalism doesn't say *everything* should be a market, though; just those things that are non-coercive.   

&gt;I don't do so because I have any interest in the "morality" of property rights, for instance.

I think that by judging property rights as pragmatically preferable, you are also judging them as morally preferable.  Correct morality must match practicality.  You realize *that*, but should know that what is practical *is* what is moral.  There can be no other definition of moral.  

&gt;unless someone has a strong, strictly ideological reason for removing the government from the pollution arena 

I think this is the crux of our disagreement.  You've probably read Ayn Rand?  That's the ideology I (essentially) agree with.  

The issues you raised seem practically solvable, but I don't think it would benefit either of us to go into them when we have different basic philosophies.
[deleted]
You have too much trust in your government. When you take the word of your government over that of a private citizen, you are opening yourself to being played by sadistic government agents and thugs.

I never denied the Farley Mowat rammed these ships in the past (i do believe it's heavily exaggerated and two sided). However if the government does it as well then any criticism you may have for these private citizens is meaningless. The government has great power and with it comes great responsibility. It's the one that not only takes the moral highground, it *presumes* it and describes itself in such a manner. 

An excellent example of this is the French Government's bombing of the Rainbow Warrior at port in another country, killing an innocent citizen of another nationality. That is terrorism. Yet no one has been punished and the French officials and politicians involved in the planning of it remain unpunished. Now if one of these activists had planted a bomb on a seal hunt vessel and killed someone, the outrage by people such as yourself and governments would be cacaphonic. Label the groups and outlawing the organization terrorist and such. Life imprisonment etc...But if a government agency does it? Governments ignore it and sweep it away. And they get away with it.
Why is curbing human population silly?  I think it will have to be done at some point,  unless you see us building big spaceships to fly all our starving people to Mars some time soon...
You should be sick and tired of being marketed to by bigots and capitalist trolls. 

&gt; How about some research, some practical ideas about how to go forward? How about funding new ideas instead of protests to stop old ideas?

That is exactly what they have tried over the last few decades, if you stopped reading the opinions of partisans like 1esproc. And government's refusal to entertain these ideas is what has led activists to raise public awareness in the hope of forcing some consideration of change that way.
Your comment is propaganda. At least 19 or so people were easily fooled by it and upmodded your comment.

There is actual video footage of clubs being used on these animals you idiot, and everyone excepts it now as common knowledge.
Overfishing never was the problem. Destroying the ecosystem while fishing is what caused fish to go rare. If we took as much but without destroying, we wouldn't have a problem.

The seal overpopulation is caused by humans. Cods and seals compete for the same food (yeah, cods even eat other cods) but seals are lazier. When we destroyed the cod's habitat which killed tons of them and made them less competitive against seals, the seal population went through the roof.

There is currently too many seals which makes hunting them beneficial for them, cods and us. The fact that this all due to humans screwing up in the first place doesn't change this.
&gt; Let's also remember that one of the big things about the big dirty seal hunt is that people in the US and the EU are buying the products that come from it.

Which products are these? And Canadiens in domestic markets are also consumers.
What is with you Anglos and your undying interest in destroying the Spanish Armada?
&gt;Correct morality must match practicality. You realize that, but should know that what is practical is what is moral.  There can be no other definition of moral.

I think that your definition of morality would differ from most, then.

Most people in a western culture would say that it is moral to not, say, break promises for self-interested reasons.  I doubt that there are many people, however, who can achieve that moral goal over their lifetime.  That's already a split between what can be practically done and what people feel urges to strive for, which is closer to what I think most would call morality.  I wouldn't say that I could concisely define what people call morality -- rather that it's a glob of social and personal goals that mesh reasonably well to make one function, sans base animal desires and purely rational reasoning.

&gt;I think this is the crux of our disagreement.

Yup, probably.  :-)

&gt;You've probably read Ayn Rand? That's the ideology I (essentially) agree with.

No.  Despite that, I'm going to pan her here.  :-)

I'm not very interested in her works as stories, though I have read a summary of *Atlas Shrugged*.  I was kind of irritated that she didn't provide a concise summary of her philosophical ideas separate from her large works.  My feeling is that if ideas can stand on their own and be analyzed, they can stand free of what comes down to emotion-manipulating marketing material.  Eventually, I found one on the really basic stuff that someone had written, read a page, decided that some of her first reasoning related to morality was flawed, and ignored objectivism from then on.

Also, I've read about Ayn Rand's life (in an academic history of the US libertarian movement), and I find her kind of disturbing.  Towards the end, her inner circle looked more like a small cult, a social construct that provided her with near-worship, guru status, and sexual services -- it reminded me a bit of the Manson Family.  That doesn't inherently invalidate her ideas, but it doesn't help make me a fan.

Finally, I'm unhappy with some of the associations with elitism that objectivism has.  Willing to be coldly rational is one thing; potentially making bad calls because of a potentially over-inflated sense of self is dipping back down into irrationality.

What little I've read shows Rand presenting the meritorious individual as being held back by society, without considering that:

(a) I think that many readers of the book see her philosophy as justifying a better standard of living for themselves.  (Compare this with socialism, where the masses feel that the philosophy justifies a better standard of living for themselves).  I think that this colors an assessment of her work's value.  I personally suspect that most people have a somewhat inflated self-opinion.  If someone feels themselves to be exceptional and reads a work that argues that the exceptional should receive the bulk of society's rewards, as a whole, the population is inaccurately assessing the effects of her book.

(b) Alone, that individual has little value.  I can't survive on my own in a wilderness, so I need society.  We can say that a car's engine is more impressive than its wheel bolts, but it isn't going anywhere without either.  By and large, for example, sanitation workers are a whole lot more immediately indispensable to society than I am.

Other annoyances: I don't personally think that Rand herself was in a terribly good position to be objective -- she'd been on the sharp end of a socialist revolution.

I don't think that rationality analyzing every situation is always an appropriate reasoning method.  It is compute-expensive and there isn't always enough information to work with.  It might be a nice rule of thumb, but there's a big difference between working with a rule of thumb and assuming that one knows what morality clearly must indicate.

I don't think that Rand considers that most systems will break down in the presence of desperate people.  Just as our laws are an abstraction and formalization of the brute use of force, handouts of value are a formalization of paying tribute to prevent the use of force by the many against the few well-off.  If there is no reason *not* to take by force, why would someone not do so?  The people that Rand considered the layabouts of society have a most valuable asset -- the ability to use or withhold force.  To wish that that ability does not exist, as she seemed to do, does not make it go away.

If socialism lacks the mechanism in a meritocracy to promote advancement, then it seems to me that capitalism completely without welfare lacks the mechanism to forestall the use of force.  Neither need be as effective as a hybrid system, involving both government (or, rather, giving assets weighted in such a potential-force fashion) and private (providing incentives) mechanisms.

Does guilt or compassion tell us to give to others?  Perhaps that's less from an evolved mental quirk that no longer applies and more of an evolved tendency that better deals with that threat of force than rationality in the presence of incomplete information might.

&gt;The issues you raised seem practically solvable, but I don't think it would benefit either of us to go into them when we have different basic philosophies.

Fair enough.  I'm not certain that "basic philosophy" is quite the same thing as "axioms" -- i.e. it's possible to highlight self-contradictions or ways in which a philosophy might not help one accomplish goals that one has independent of that philosophy.  So I threw my disagreements with Rand in for the heck of it.
Umm... no, the crime is mischief and these same folks have caused millions of dollars of damage and nearly killed many people. The maritime folks they target are all middle-class ordinary folk who are DOING THE ENVIRONMENT A FAVOR by culling the seal population. Culling the seal population is the primary way that we can restore our Eastern Cod fishery in Canada. Thanks to American and Spanish supertrawlers fishing cod to extinction, we're in this mess now. 

The Sea Shepard folk have on many occasions RAMMED and SUNK Canadian fishing vessels. Let's keep in mind that the fisherman up there in Newfoundland are some of the poorest folk in Canada whereas all these SS idiots are all rich white fuckers who can't care about the real issues of poverty and survival in the world and instead are interfering in a government and environmentally sanctioned cull of a species by a sovereign nation.

That they were actually released (!) is the real crime. These crazies give environmentalists a bad name and I want nothing to do with them.
They were way within Canadian waters... they should have been strung up... freaking terrorists. Constantly putting ordinary working-class people's lives in danger, because some animals are cute. So?
The seals and the fish were here tens of millions of years ago. Humans have no right to "manage" anything...bloodthirsty territorial monkeys...saying that the seals are eating too much cod really shows you for a short-sighted moron...the cod belongs to the seals. Humans can go die.
If we don't kill em, they are going to kill themselves.  We fucked up and fished all the cod, now we don't fish them to the same extent as we did.  The seal population is now the cods greatest threat and if they eat em all (which, unchecked, they will) then they all die.

No, the way we kill them isnt the same as how we kill other animals.  Yes, it could be improved.  But in order to make it profitable (which, unfortunately, in our world it has to be) they cannot bleed all over their oh so fancy white coats, so there are some inhumane things done to protect the coats.  But the operation in a whole is beneficial to their entire population.
I'm not saying it was impossible, but look at other animals.  Most lions don't eat other lions, eagles don't eat other eagles.  Sure we could have, I just (to my immediate knowledge) don't think we ate each other.
What's wrong with cannibalism?
And FYI, it is not just icebreakers that break ice.  Most boats (certainly those that the sealers and environmentalists use) that are in the northern area are equipped with hulls strong enough to plow through thinner ice.  So picture being a half mile away from your boat when you notice another boat coming full steam at the ice you are standing on.  It's not their own fault.  Just like getting shot in a high crime area is not the victims fault, it is the shooters fault.  Yes the sealers accept the risk of going onto the ice, but they do not expect to be directly attacked by crazed environmentalists.
Uh, we were just a reference in that Clinton Obama issue.  You cannot seriously be accusing us of helping Clinton defeat Obama...

In reference to the rest of your postings, no, there is no way for any of this to be sorted out.  It is a he said she said issue.  But look at the facts - one group is made up of citizens that try to protect the rights of a population, one is made up of a group that brags about ramming and sinking ships, celebrates deaths, and was in violation of the law at the time of the incident.  

The law regarding keeping your distance from sealers is a perfectly reasonable law.  No, you should not be able to ram anyone in your safety zone if you are a sealer.  But the environmentalists realized that the law was against them when they entered the zone.  The law is in place to protect the men and women working on the ice - people that are trying to support their families in a failing economic zone.  They have been killed before by environmentalists and naive observers when they cracked the ice and left them stranded/in freezing water.
Again, the ramming is claimed by the Farley Mowat.  If we break the incident down and compare it to an arrest, the Farley Mowat is the aggressor, entering into the safety zone of a citizen vessel.  The coast guard comes to arrest it, a scuffle ensues.  Both the citizen vessel and the coast guard claim assault by the Farley Mowat, the Farley Mowat claims assault by the coast guard.  Who is to believe?  It's up for debate, but considering the Farley Mowats history I'm inclined to believe the authorities.
Holy fucking shit.

Upmods across the board for reminding us all that Reddit isn't Digg (yet).
Wow, that's a lot of thought.  I'm happy to respond :)  (wow it's long, heh)

Morality doesn't require perfection; it's just the definition of an *attainable* goal.  You're saying that most people can't reach their moral goals, and that means morality must allow for such failure. (It's not clear whether you think this or were just saying others do.)  My point is, if a morality requires something unattainable, it's not valid.  For example, the Christian morality (conflictingly as usual) suggests giving away all worldly possessions.  In fact, though, doing so means 1) death and 2) you are actually less able to help others, which is another thing the morality calls for.  The morality impossible to practice.  It's as much a fantasy as believing without evidence in a god.

&gt;No. Despite that, I'm going to pan her here. :-)

I'll respond.  You **really** should read her, because you have a lot of the common misconceptions.  I'll address the ones you showed.  Also, there are two shorter versions of her philosophy you can read.  1) Galt's Speech.  This is a summary of her entire philosophy.  It's part of Atlas Shrugged. [link](http://compuball.com/Inquisition/AynRand/galtspeech_pmark_broken.htm) 2) Virtue of Selfishness.  After her fiction, she wrote a bunch of non-fiction.  This one is a brief, useful summary of some of her core ideas.  There are other similar short books on various subjects; you could pick one that interests you.

&gt;I was kind of irritated that she didn't provide a concise summary of her philosophical ideas separate from her large works. My feeling is that if ideas can stand on their own and be analyzed, they can stand free of what comes down to emotion-manipulating marketing material.

She did provide that summary, in several forms, they're just not as well known as the famous books.  The fiction is not meant to summarize the philosophy; it's meant to display it as art.  She was an artist first, and a philosopher because she had to explain her art.

She is frequently misrepresented by people who rabidly hate her; you've probably come across that.  It's like the Ron Paul distortion we saw in the media and public, but even more rabid.  She's often misrepresented by her 'fans'.  The *only* real way to get an idea of hers is to read it firsthand.  

The cultish/worship/sexual thing is a misrepresentation.  If you read all sides of the story and some actual facts surrounding it, it's quite rational.  

&gt;Willing to be coldly rational is one thing; potentially making bad calls because of a potentially over-inflated sense of self is dipping back down into irrationality.

'Coldly' is no part of rationality (neither is 'warmly' or emotionally).  What's wrong with making bad calls because of an over-inflated sense of self worth, that makes it worse than any other kind of bad call?  There's no discernable difference or result (if it were discernable at the time of the bad call, the bad call wouldn't have been made).  

&gt;Finally, I'm unhappy with some of the associations with elitism that objectivism has.  

This is a problem not with Objectivism, but with others' perception of it.  Being right is more important than others' perception of whether you are right.

&gt;(a) I think that many readers of the book see her philosophy as justifying a better standard of living for themselves.

I agree with you, and I think they're completely off-base if that's all they get from it.  What her philosophy does is justify a better standard of living for people who work harder/smarter.  Which is completely different.

&gt;If someone feels themselves to be exceptional and reads a work that argues that the exceptional should receive the bulk of society's rewards, as a whole, the population is inaccurately assessing the effects of her book.

Yes, but, her work doesn't argue that.  It argues that the exceptional should receive only the rewards of their own work.  Which will, of course, be more than the rewards of the unexceptional, by definition.

&gt;(b) Alone, that individual has little value. I can't survive on my own in a wilderness, so I need society. 

That's logically false.  However, I agree that we benefit enormously by making a society.  

&gt;We can say that a car's engine is more impressive than its wheel bolts, but it isn't going anywhere without either.

But, a human can go by walking, it's just *much, much* slower.  You're right that society is a massive benefit, but you're wrong if you're saying an individual can't survive without a society.  (I could cite examples, but it's obvious.)

&gt;By and large, for example, sanitation workers are a whole lot more immediately indispensable to society than I am.

Rand has the utmost respect for anyone who *works*.  She would agree with you on this.  She loved cities, partly because she was aware of how much rational human effort, including sanitation (which is HUGE in so many ways), goes into civilization.  She was not an 'elitist' in the usual sense of beliving that some people were intrinsically 'elite'.

&gt;Other annoyances: I don't personally think that Rand herself was in a terribly good position to be objective -- she'd been on the sharp end of a socialist revolution.

That's a ridiculous argument.  If anything, she had better perspective, seeing both that and the US.   Either way, as humans we are able to view things abstractly, and express them logically.  You should base your assessment of ideas on how logical they are, not on the background of the person presenting them.  (This is much more clear in pure sciences.)

&gt;I don't think that rationality analyzing every situation is always an appropriate reasoning method.

There's no other method that can be called 'reasoning', is there?

&gt;I don't think that rationality analyzing every situation is always an appropriate reasoning method. It is compute-expensive and there isn't always enough information to work with. It might be a nice rule of thumb, but there's a big difference between working with a rule of thumb and assuming that one knows what morality clearly must indicate.

Rand's philosophy doesn't disagree.

&gt;I don't think that Rand considers that most systems will break down in the presence of desperate people.

She analyzes this explicitly and directly.

&gt;handouts of value are a formalization of paying tribute to prevent the use of force by the many against the few well-off.

Think about older societies and tribes.  In those, **the well-off were the ones who used force** to take value from those who created value.  Think about why it's reversed in modern society.  It's because we have curbed the use of force to collect 'tributes', so that those who create the value now keep more of what they create, rather than having it looted.  This is not just a formalization of the old process of tributes; it's a cancellation of it.

&gt;If there is no reason not to take by force, why would someone not do so?

There are reasons not to take by force.  A few: 1) It's easier for someone competent to create value than take it by force.  2) Taking by force means it becomes a battle of force, which one can lose catastrophically.  3)  Others will not create as much value for you if you're looting from them with force.

&gt;The people that Rand considered the layabouts of society have a most valuable asset -- the ability to use or withhold force.

EVERYONE has that asset, and it's not valuable.  What value does the initiation of force create?  None.  It's not a value, it's a destruction of a value that someone has created using other means (rationality).

&gt;To wish that that ability does not exist, as she seemed to do, does not make it go away.

She doesn't do that; she says that the initiation of force should be met with force.  When a mugger tries to take your cash, the police should catch him and use greater force against him (arrest, jail).  

Basically, I think you should really read some actual Rand.  :)
We're still holding on!  Glad to see this perception.
Thanks, cov -- ironically enough, I have to finish up my tax forms right now, but I'll try and get back to the thread tomorrow.  Appreciate the writing!
heh, good luck with those, ugh.

Thank you too for the good discussion!  I need to do some...work :p  I'll be around after you respond.
They're not your guys, buddy.
I don't know. Do you see us having enough "starving people" sometime soon?

Human population isn't curbed by choice - it's curbed by hard resource limits.

Same as those seals.
Oh, so profit is being made from it? That's great!

I was worried the meat was being dumped.
&gt;...forcing some consideration of change that way.

Thing is, as I was saying, very few of their ideas are sustainable or practical, which is why it is very often difficult or impossible for governments to implement them.  Actually, very often organisations like Greenpeace offer no solution to a problem other then "just stop doing it".  Japan's whaling -- message is, "just stop doing it".  No, let's work together to see how we can culturally shift Japan's desire to consume endangered Whales.  Same goes for seal culling, no real message other than "stop it", no understanding of the other side's opinion, just black and white argumentative noise making.

Also, I don't agree with forcing ideas onto people, that just goes against my sensibilities.  I dislike violent noise-makers, regardless of their message.  Educate, enlighten, lead by example.
“Siezes”? “Videoing”?
"Why don't they put wheels on that boat and go protect elephants in Africa and Asia?"

Elephants are an unfortunate example, their numbers are monitored and having reached 200,000 in South Africa, will have to be culled to protect the environment. Suggest those boats stay away. Those guys use BIG rifles.
[deleted]
I appreciate a good government bashing more than the next guy, but these sea sheppards are pirates. Ramming people is their MO, and they know it pisses people off. Hell they know it so well they have their crewmen wear bullet proof vests during their attacks.
We're the dominant species. It's by our mercy and compassion that they're allowed anything at all.
So how would you feel if this was happening to dogs and their puppies?
If that were even the case, and hey, it could be, is that really something so horrible? Aren't there bigger issues at hand than the seal cull?

Seals aren't endangered, and the hunt keeps the population in check. I think the public have this idea in their head that the seal hunt is for fur or something ridiculous like that which is what my post was really aimed at. These groups manipulate the public into believing something that just isn't true. Most of the photos I've seen attributed to anti-sealing campaigns are practically ancient. Bridgette Bardot's foundation is especially guilty of this
A more balanced report (in the actual meaning of the word, not the Fox News sense) can be found at http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/LAC.20080414.SEAL14/TPStory/National
government police also wear bullet proof vests and they also ram ships. and as stated, governments are terrorist (french example)...makes me wonder whether you even read my comment?
While the hakapik is at least as humane as shooting, I wish they'd do away with it. It portrays such a violent image, gives people like Watson fodder for scaring all the people in Europe who think meat comes from a styrofoam package.
Guy buddy your not, I'm.
And who fished all the cod?  It wasn't the seals.
Fail troll is fail.
How do you think cows are killed in a slaughterhouse? Is it more palatable for you that it is done by a machine?
If I was Korean and that was part of my culture I'd probably think so too. 

Don't knock what you don't know.
Err Yea that's it, we paved the arctic and drove away all the forest cod.

I know what you're getting at but I might direct you to this excellent explanation:
http://reddit.com/info/6fn8y/comments/c03plm6
:) Too late.
Inorder to control the human animal is it not of the utmost important to have eugenics to be successful? Sure I have thoughts about what the criteria could be and that being said where do we start and stop? There are way to many children in industrialized nations that are already behind in so many ways, mentally and physically, but most just being raised by ignorant parents. As for third world births, well this goes with out say. There should be controlled births. How many children have to die because people can't keep their pants on. This I just don't understand. Two children per couple would just exacerbate human overpopulation. Of course humans selfishness will always find ways around the criteria, worst of all applying criteria to an unborn child.
I'm sorry, but I judge people and organizations based on their current and previous actions.

Farley Mowat crew, and that environmental group in general = douche-bag McFucktards, with no respect for law, or human lives. All they care about is making their point, and doing it through whatever means are necessary.

RCMP = questionable ethics and somewhat scary. Not an organization I would trust.

Department of Fisheries = no experience with them, except for the fact that my dad worked as a conservation officer for them for 6 years before I was born in Northern Canada, studying effects of various economic developments on a couple of fish populations.

Therefore, based on previous experiences, I would trust the word of the department of fisheries over any other group involved here. (you can tell that I HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY doubt that any government ship deliberately rammed another one. the people captaining it would have had no reason to, as their only interest would be collecting government pay :P)

It's good to question your government. It's bad to be lazy as a dead dog, and just automatically assume government is evil, b/c you don't want to have to think, or believing otherwise would cause cognitive dissonance.
ummm... there is no documented incident of a Canadian Government ship ramming another one.

Your bias is showing.

Let's play for a bit - you seem to believe that any government is intrinsically a terrorist organization. Is this correct?
[deleted]
I guess you would prefer that they were raised in a small cage, fed the organs of their buddies and then killed! Hmmm... yeah I can see how that makes sense!!
You just keep on revealing your ignorance of Canadian current affairs. I see no point in continuing this dialogue.
I don't think you are reading my comments much. The French example i gave is a classic terrorist act. And you say they are trustworthy. lol. The French have ties in Canada.

http://network.nationalpost.com/np/blogs/posted/archive/2007/08/22/agents-provocateurs-did-summit-police-pose-as-protesters-to-incite-violence-at-montebello.aspx

http://www.cbc.ca/canada/british-columbia/story/2007/11/14/bc-taservideo.html
I answered that already.
Ah pointless racism, how novel.
&gt; RCMP = questionable ethics and somewhat scary. Not an organization I would trust.

 A couple of guys I know tried to join, one guy sold some pot 20 years ago and the other bought a paint-ball gun that he later found out was stolen. Both mentioned these incidents in their interviews and both were told that they were not what the RCMP was looking for. One of the guys spent eight months going through the process before being told this!

 University degrees are practically a requirement but not always. Very tough to get into.

 For those in the US think of an organization that combines State Police and the FBI into one organization. That's the RCMP.
Video doesn't evaporate after it's made, it could be yesterday or ten years ago.
Using a troll as a source is **always** something to be proud of.
And making generalizations and judgments based on someone's online nickname is prejudice.
No it's a pattern they have set up for themselves by choosing that nickname.
The seals have absolutely nothing to do with the Atlantic cod population.  Even the DFO quit printing this lie a long time ago, and admits its nonsense.
We're not all retarded.  Just the wannabe macho idiots that keep making up lies in same ridiculous attempt at misguided patriotism.  Plenty of us hate it too.
Right, and that's why even the DFO admits openly that harp seals have no impact on the atlantic cod stocks?  Most of the cod they eat is artic cod, and they eat just as much squid (a primary cod predator) as they do cod.
His/her comments are intelligent and valid points, and the people respond with emotion and prejudice because of his nickname, I would say that's the successful part of the troll.
well, we DON'T need black people to exist. Just like they don't need white people to exist. Species go extinct all the time, sometimes due to the actions of other animals. We are part of the natural environment. So it's not "wrong" to kill them because there is no right or wrong when it comes to the natural world. Whatever happens, happens. I know what you will say, that 'OF COURSE killing is wrong because I say so!'; but really, no one person or group of people is making the rules here so you really can't tell other people what is wrong and right for them. All you can do is believe what YOU think is right and wrong.
because most people eat meat on a regular basis and if someone who eats meat were to say killing is wrong then they would be hypocritical. Get it?

and btw, you're not going to grow up to be big and strong by eating banana sandwiches and chocolate pudding for dinner.
my statement is based upon the problems they've been having with corruption at higher levels recently.
Sorry to slander your other username.  If you have any valid sources, besides a comment on an internet forum, I'd be happy to disprove them.
&gt;Sorry to slander your other username.

Please you give me too much credit.

&gt;If you have any valid sources, besides a comment on an internet forum, I'd be happy to disprove them.

You were the one first making unsourced claims, albeit [faux news style](http://www.alternet.org/blogs/video/41619/), I don't feel the need to back up my claims if you don't.
I never said having a source was necessary, just that the one you used was laughable.  And you repeated that with the same.  Congrats.

Summary:
There's environmentalism, and there's environmentalism.
I happen to not be a seal.
Canadians aren't the only ones who fished there, and aren't even the ones who fished the most there.
How do you think they get the seals?
If you answer my question, I will answer your question.
I don't think you are reading my comments much.
I think that your definition of morality would differ from most, then.
It's us, not the fish or the seals, who have the ability to do that.
If there is no reason *not* to take by force, why would someone not do so?
Both the citizen vessel and the coast guard claim assault by the Farley Mowat, the Farley Mowat claims assault by the coast guard.
There's more to it than that.
And who fished all the cod?
I mean, it's not like seal hunters will wipe them *all* out.
Basically, I think you should really read some actual Rand.
It has also been illegal for many years now for seal hunters to kill them.
It is a he said she said issue.
Most lions don't eat other lions, eagles don't eat other eagles.
This I just don't understand.
Yeah, the seals would wipe out the cod.
Not if you are a seal.
It could have killed the crew.
I think this applies to other types of pollution, too.
It's not their own fault.
Clubbing a seal is no less humane than clubbing a fish.
There are reasons not to take by force.
There is currently too many seals which makes hunting them beneficial for them, cods and us.
How would one practically prove air pollution?
The issues you raised seem practically solvable, but I don't think it would benefit either of us to go into them when we have different basic philosophies.
I have never heard of any Canadian Government vessel ramming an innocent ship.
&gt;I don't do so because I have any interest in the "morality" of property rights, for instance.
The Canadian Government doesn't limit the amount of fishing as much as it should.
I just think it is wrong to club innocent creatures to death - Even if they do eat fish.
The Coast guard have rammed their boat twice.
The seal overpopulation is caused by humans.
That is why *ramming* a ship is comparable.
&gt; after the Farley Mowat stopped in the ice, the coast guard rammed the ship a second time.
I'm going by the seat of my pants here, but I don't think that would be necessary.
Why do we need seals to exist?
&gt;If there is no reason not to take by force, why would someone not do so?
She would agree with you on this.
Just like they don't need white people to exist.
Canadian Governments position is that  their vessel was rammed twice by the Farley Mowat.
Not an organization I would trust.
&gt;The issues you raised seem practically solvable, but I don't think it would benefit either of us to go into them when we have different basic philosophies.
You have too much trust in your government.
The lack of predators in the area are also a problem, and that's probably our fault too.
There can be no other definition of moral.
Clubbing seals is good fun too.
Also, I don't agree with forcing ideas onto people, that just goes against my sensibilities.
well, we DON'T need black people to exist.
Air and water pollution are a good example.
I've no problem to the market addressing things that can reasonably be addressed by the market.
And they get away with it.
Did I say that in a way that makes sense?
I not only think market mechanisms are better, I also think that capitalism is moral.
The morality impossible to practice.
I know what you will say, that 'OF COURSE killing is wrong because I say so!
i hate seals fuck up my fishing.
You don't think humans were ever cannibals?
I have yet to see a single article saying that the Coast Guard rammed the ship.
The getting close enough to video is dangerous.
Same thing that gets other over populated species.
If we don't kill em, they are going to kill themselves.
Farley Mowat's crews position is the Fisheries ship rammed them.
I don't think that Rand considers that most systems will break down in the presence of desperate people.
It's good to know the whole story, isn't it?
All you can do is believe what YOU think is right and wrong.
I love the spin these environmentalists try to put on the seal hunt.
The *only* real way to get an idea of hers is to read it firsthand.
How does someone videoing the sealers make it dangerous for them?
I think that this colors an assessment of her work's value.
Also, according to one article i've read posted the *Canadian government* has rammed their ships.
I can't understand with that point of view.
No, the way we kill them isnt the same as how we kill other animals.
Unfortunately, when it comes down to people eating or not, people like to go fishing.
There are too many for a particular area.
Yes, because killing seals and humans is exactly morally equivalent.
Several articles have said that the crew of the Farley Mowat has claimed that they were rammed by the coast guard.
If the purpose was to stop filming, why wouldn't they stop all filming?
We just didn't keep people out like we should have all along.
And they get rammed by the *Canadian government* in extremely dangerous conditions.
It *is* illegal to get too close to a sealing ship without an observation license.
You realize *that*, but should know that what is practical *is* what is moral.
You realize that, but should know that what is practical is what is moral.
&gt;Regarding this point, I think that damage would have to be proved one initial time within the law, before the gov regarded it as a property right issue.
there have been precedents with people filming

boats that hunted seals.
That's the ideology I (essentially) agree with.
&gt;according to one article i've read posted the Canadian government has rammed their ships.
I don't do so because I have any interest in the "morality" of property rights, for instance.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.19
