Original Response:
And why did no one in the MSM catch this?  She is so short-sighted with her schoolyard politics.
Ahmedinejad NEVER said anything about nuking Israel unless you're listening to Fox New's translation.

His actual comments on the subject of attacking Israel was aimed at its government, not its people. The same way the people of other countries say "We love America, but we hate Bush."

As for Hilary, fuck her.
Read Prof. Juan Cole's comments on Ahmadinejad's statements:

"According to Cole, "Ahmadinejad did not say he was going to 'wipe Israel off the map' because no such idiom exists in Persian". Instead, "He did say he hoped its regime, i.e., a Jewish-Zionist state occupying Jerusalem, would collapse."
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahmoud_Ahmadinejad_and_Israel

and

The "Wipe Israel Off The Map" Hoax
http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/january2007/260107offthemap.htm
Of course sinking to his level is what people like.  That's why they voted for Bush.  If politics wasn't so filled with drama, maybe we would get somewhere...
It doesn't matter how many times people get told (and shown) that Ahmadinejad did not say he was going to 'wipe Israel off the map' - it's what certain mindsets WANT to believe he said.
Yeah, threatening to nuke anyone is stupidity beyond the pale of humanity. Nukes tend to kill civilians more than military, and that fallout shit moves you know.
This is still going on?

Hillary said in the interview that if Iran used nuclear weapons against Israel, the US would use nukes against Iran, which is what would seem to be justified if we're going to stick to MAD policy when it comes to nuclear weapons.  She didn't say anything that 98% of presidents wouldn't do(it would make no sense for use of nuclear weapons to go unanswered, in fact it would be extremely dangerous to set that kind of precedent).  

Now we're all taking it out of context and calling her just as bad as Ahmedinejad(last I checked she didn't have or support the execution of gay people just for being gay).

Let's remember who we are folks. We're not as bad as the Hillary camp who support this kind of baseless, out of context attack. We're better than this. Every time we do this we encourage the politics of divisiveness and hate.
1. Having people cheer by quoting an Imam who wants to destroy the Israeli government is just as bad. 

2. the "wiped off the map" phrase came from an Iranian government source

3. The headline is referring to a completely different and far more recent incident. [source](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1208246573612&amp;pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull)
http://reddit.com/info/6hwwi/comments/c03w2ie
[deleted]
Your 'source' is the Jerusalem Post?

Dude.

Cracked.com has better journalists.
I agree that he didn't say "wipe Israel off the map." I never said otherwise ... so I didn't prove his point at all.
Because they're the MSM.

Sides, jingoism still plays better than "we're seeking a peaceful and equitable solution with Iran". Bush taught us that.
1. Overthrowing the Israeli government is very very very far from "destroying Israel". Ahmadinejad is calling for regime change in Israel, much like regime change in the former USSR or Apartheid South Africa. Iran, whether under the reformist Khatami or the conservative Ahmadinejad, has continuously called for a free election, a referendum, on the form of government of Israel, by all those living in Israel and its occupied territories - the Jews, and the Arabs.

2. Please provide the so called "Iranian government source" (has to be in Persian).

3. You conveniently forget that the statement by the Iranian military commander, dated April 15, 2008, came in reply to a statement by Israeli Minister of National Infrastructures and former defense minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer on April 8, 2008 telling the world that Israel "will destroy the Iranian nation" if Iran just attacks Israel: *"an Iranian attack on Israel will lead to a harsh response by Israel that will cause the destruction of the Iranian nation."*
http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/972517.html
Ew
[deleted]
Yea our government and leader suck and Iran's government and leaders suck, I'll give you a hint, there is a trend...
[Source 2](http://www.kuwaittimes.net/read_news.php?newsid=OTgyMzkyNzE0)

[Source 3](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,351431,00.html)

[Source 4](http://youtube.com/watch?v=jbnOuWy4FPI&amp;feature=user)

[Source 5](http://article.wn.com/view/2008/04/16/Iran_will_eliminate_Israel_if_attacked/)

[Source 6](http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,23544625-12377,00.html)

[Source 7](http://www.news.com.au/heraldsun/story/0,21985,23544625-5005961,00.html)

[Source 8](http://www.israelnationalnews.com/News/Flash.aspx/145021)

need I continue?
&gt; Overthrowing the Israeli government is very very very far from "destroying Israel". Ahmadinejad is calling for regime change in Israel, much like regime change in the former USSR or Apartheid South Africa.

The objection to 'wiped off the map' was the destruction of Israel as a jewish state. Which is precisely what he meant.

&gt; Please provide the so called "Iranian government source" (has to be in Persian).

Your source said that and Iran recently removed the website. 

"The translation presented by IRIB has been challenged by Mr. Arash Norouzi, who proposes that the statement "wiped off the map" was never made and that Ahmadinejad did not refer to the nation or land mass of Israel, but to the "regime occupying Jerusalem". He says that the Iranian government News Agency IRIB/IRNA translation is the source of the myth"

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahmoud_Ahmadinejad_and_Israel

&gt; You conveniently forget that the statement by the Iranian military commander, dated April 15, 2008, came in reply to a statement by Israeli Minister of National Infrastructures and former defense minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer on April 8, 2008 telling the world that Israel "will destroy the Iranian nation" if Iran just attacks Israel: "an Iranian attack on Israel will lead to a harsh response by Israel that will cause the destruction of the Iranian nation."

That is irrelevant to the Hillary point... I agree that Mahmoud was speaking in response to Israels statement. But this headline is referring to that statement and not the "wiped off the map" one
Why is this still going on?! The only thing Hillary did wrong was tonot duck the question. Obama would say the exact same same thing if he couldn't find a way to get out of it. 

One more time: She was asked what the U.S. would do if Iran NUKED Israel, not just attacked it.
Agree on both.  Liked your use of 'jingoism', which always makes me think of those [dogs in Australia...](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dingo).
either way, she failed at diplomacy, which is pretty much a must have for the next leader of this country.  On a global "nice guy" scale, we are dead last.
eye for an eye?
And I guess you would get a different response from Obama?  No matter who you pick from (McCain, Obama, or Clinton) your just going to get a turd sandwich topped with the same douche.  To me, I do not see any difference between any of them given their voting records.  Unless we vote in a third party or Ron Paul, we are going to get the same crap as we are getting right now.
Someone on the other side of town took out their neighbours eye. In return, you will take out the eyes of all surrounding people.
and the eyes of anyone who makes the mistake of living in that location for several thousand years.
&gt;Having people cheer by quoting an Imam who wants to destroy the Israeli government is just as bad.

What ? The Israeli government is sacred or something ? Just a bunch of criminals.
Actually, eye for an eye was a fairly progressive policy at the time the Old Testament was written, because it used to be an eye for a life or the whole village of the perpetrator. 

Back to your question, I'm not a big fan of the MAD policy either (I don't understand our unwavering support for Israel in the first place) but I don't understand why Hillary is getting raked over the coals for something that has been foreign policy orthodoxy for both parties going back to the development of nuclear weapons.
When did we let Israel into our nuclear umbrella? They are not a signatory of NATO or any other formal alliance with the US. And it's not like they can't nuke Iran themselves.
Obviously we have differing views on the Israeli government, but that is quite irrelevant.

The objection to the comment was it showed a willingness to take action that would lead to an attack on Israel. Getting people to cheer taking out the Israeli government does this. 

Only fools who will argue anything against Israel can not see this.
Bu..bu..but Ahmadinejad!
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
I would cheer if my country's govt would be blasted into little pieces. And I'm not an American. About "willingness to take action", there's plenty of it in Palestine, no need for Ahmadinejad. I'm surprised he didn't say more since the Israeli Govt openly supports an attack on Iran.
It also lingers.
Wanting to nuke anybody is juvenile.
I agree.. we're relying on, for the most part, Westerm translations and journalism which inderstandably would tend to be biased toward the Western mindset.
"At best" meaning accepting the lie that Ahmedinejad said that?
Hillary is exactly the same candidate as McCain, except she has a bigger penis
Ahmadinejad's own website 

http://www.president.ir/eng/ahmadinejad/cronicnews/1384/08/4/index-e.htm

"He further expressed his firm belief that the new wave of confrontations generated in Palestine and the growing turmoil in the Islamic world would in no time wipe Israel away."

http://english.aljazeera.net/English/archive/archive?ArchiveId=15816 

Ahmadinejad: Wipe Israel off map  	 	

Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has openly called for Israel to be wiped off the map.
Ahmadinejad addressed students at a conference

Chanting Death to Israel

 http://youtube.com/watch?v=FckLO8HcNyo


All of this is pointless nonsense though and a silly game, as there is no difference between being wiped off the map, removed from the page of history, "destroyed in one storm" "dying" etc. It's just a rhetorical game. you're syaing, that he didnt say wipe off the map, he said remove from the page of history(not at all less threatening) and yet a few months ago on reddit, I saw a poster say that Iran wanted to remove the Israeli government, at which point that was responded to with "no no you misunderstood, false quotes thats not what he said blah blah" and now youre saying he doesnt want to wipe off the map just remove the israeli government blah blah. If your neighbor says he's going to remove your family or your house from the page of history I would hope you would be concerned.
The thing is Obama WOULD "find a way to get out of it" with an intelligent and reasonable response.
&gt;  I'm surprised he didn't say more since the Israeli Govt openly supports an attack on Iran.

Recently Iran and Israel have said the same thing ... if they are attacked, they will attack back. I do not think either of them are wrong in saying this.
I think you may be replying to the wrong post...?
'as far as I know'

But it's okay, because she's no 'pansy', and has plenty of 'testicular fortitude' to go around...
Get your facts straight!

What she really has is *more 'testicular fortitude'*...

(...which means she can handle a harder hit in the nether regions???)
&gt;Hillary said in the interview that if Iran used nuclear weapons against Israel, the US would use nukes against Iran, which is what would seem to be justified if we're going to stick to MAD policy when it comes to nuclear weapons. She didn't say anything that 98% of presidents wouldn't do(it would make no sense for use of nuclear weapons to go unanswered, in fact it would be extremely dangerous to set that kind of precedent).

AFAIK, there is no treaty compelling the US to retaliate to a nuclear attack on Israel. MAD applied to attacks on the US and its allies, which Israel is not a part of.

&gt;Let's remember who we are folks. We're not as bad as the Hillary camp who support this kind of baseless, out of context attack. We're better than this. Every time we do this we encourage the politics of divisiveness and hate.

Not everyone here is an obamaniac (not by a long shot!) and some of us are not even from the US.
The president of Iran planned to nuke Iran if Iran attacked Israel?

That's some weird foreign policy!
He preceded it with the words "This regime that is occupying Jerusalem", and preceded that entire section by saying that Khomeini had said that the Shah's regime would fall, that the Soviet Union would fall; that Saddam's regime in Iraq would fall. You would have to be blind bigoted not to see it as a belief in inevitable regime change in Israel.
All your sources care reliability. Juan Cole is a son of US military and is a Historian in a US University and happens to know a LOT about Middle East as he has been there lots of times and happens to know Farsi, and other middle east lenguages. I prefer to believe in his translation of the Farsi and NOT the one provided by the media.

"According to Cole, "Ahmadinejad did not say he was going to 'wipe Israel off the map' because no such idiom exists in Persian". Instead, "He did say he hoped its regime, i.e., a Jewish-Zionist state occupying Jerusalem, would collapse." 

-------- EVERYBODY READ THIS PLEASE ----------

http://www.juancole.com/2006/05/hitchens-hacker-and-hitchens.html

"I object to the characterization of Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as having "threatened to wipe Israel off the map." I object to this translation of what he said on two grounds. First, it gives the impression that he wants to play Hitler to Israel's Poland, mobilizing an armored corps to move in and kill people. 

But the actual quote, which comes from an old speech of Khomeini, does not imply military action, or killing anyone at all. The second reason is that it is just an inexact translation. The phrase is almost metaphysical. He quoted Khomeini that "the occupation regime over Jerusalem should vanish from the page of time." It is in fact probably a reference to some phrase in a medieval Persian poem. It is not about tanks."
Why don't we end this charade and call the United States for what it now is, the United States of Israel. Sorry to break it to you but half of Americans think the earth is 5,000 years old and worship the state of Israel. Even if all of the old mossad stream media went away today there would still be all these people who hold these deranged beliefs.

America and Israel are now the biggest threats to the world. Your best bet would be to get out while you still can. Fences put up to keep people out will soon be used to keep people in.
Upmodded for logic. Actually they're not a signatory of the non-proliferation treaty either, which Iran is.
You need to learn how to read ... that is not what we are talking about. I do not dispute that Ahmadinejad did not say "wipe off the map." The sources state that he did say (years after the "wipe off the map" incident) that if attacked he would attack back. This is what the title of this thread is referring to. I understand that you really want to be right, but your lack of reading comprehension skills has came in the way of that ... please look over the thread and correct this.

If you would like to know where people got the "wipe off the map" quote from, it is the Iranian Government whose english language cite used the idiom.
yeah
THE TRUTH ON THE FAMOUS "WIPE OFF THE MAP"

Juan Cole is a son of US military and is a Historian in a US University and happens to know a LOT about Middle East as he has been there lots of times and happens to know Farsi, and other middle east lenguages. I prefer to believe in his translation of the Farsi and NOT the one provided by the media.

"According to Cole, "Ahmadinejad did not say he was going to 'wipe Israel off the map' because no such idiom exists in Persian". Instead, "He did say he hoped its regime, i.e., a Jewish-Zionist state occupying Jerusalem, would collapse."

-------- EVERYBODY READ THIS PLEASE ----------

http://www.juancole.com/2006/05/hitchens-hacker-and-hitchens.html

"I object to the characterization of Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as having "threatened to wipe Israel off the map." I object to this translation of what he said on two grounds. First, it gives the impression that he wants to play Hitler to Israel's Poland, mobilizing an armored corps to move in and kill people.

But the actual quote, which comes from an old speech of Khomeini, does not imply military action, or killing anyone at all. The second reason is that it is just an inexact translation. The phrase is almost metaphysical. He quoted Khomeini that "the occupation regime over Jerusalem should vanish from the page of time." It is in fact probably a reference to some phrase in a medieval Persian poem. It is not about tanks."
Seriously, you only provided right wing sources.


Kuwaiti times? - anti-iranian

The Australian- The australian equivalent of the Washington Post.

Israeli sources

Youtube link.

news.com.au - popular anti-islamic site that borders on tabloid-style reporting.

World News is the only source i never heard of, so i can't comment on it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
If you don't want to believe what was said, that's fine. The You Tube link is even video evidence of this. It's not even like  I'm trying to say he said something bad, all he said was he would strike Israel if attacked first... it's actually pretty reasonable. 
The fact that no ultra-liberal pro-Iranian propaganda news reported it is not shocking
&gt; a fact conveniently forgotten by the pro-Israeli western media

no it's not ... it's in each one of those articles. 

&gt; There is nothing wrong in Ahmednijad making this comment and having people cheer.

You're getting two issues confused here... the quoting of the imam had the cheers. 

&gt; Any self respecting leader of a country, western or otherwise, would do the same if threats were made against his country. 

Since this is an unrelated issue to your point your logic fils.

&gt; Remember George W Bush pandering to the right (which at that time included most of the US population) by threatening to take out the Iraqi govt?

Yes, and it is evidence of Bush being a fucking moron and evil
[deleted]
Can we focus on America and American problems? McCain wants a permanent presence in Iraq. Hillary wants to nuke Iran. Is it that problems at home are not enough that you wanna go out look for more?
[deleted]
[deleted]
exactly who do you work for at aipac?
You are the one that has to learn. Becouse the only thing i did was to explain who Juan Cole is, and refered to his opinion, that happens to take out all yous asumption. GO READ THIS PLEASE , every word:http://www.juancole.com/2006/05/hitchens-hacker-and-hitchens.html
ahhh of course ... this old line. Rather than discounting anything I say you attack where I come from. THe thre points which have been modded down only have one point that is opinion based and that's that I believe that getting a crowd riled up at the destruction of the Israeli government is the same as wiping the state of Israel off the map. other than that I spoke in fact. Just because they are inconvenient to you doesn't mean they come from a lobbying source.
not at all you stated:

&gt;  I prefer to believe in his translation of the Farsi and NOT the one provided by the media.
"According to Cole, "Ahmadinejad did not say he was going to 'wipe Israel off the map' because no such idiom exists in Persian". Instead, "He did say he hoped its regime, i.e., a Jewish-Zionist state occupying Jerusalem, would collapse."

in response to my list of sources. My sources had nothing to do with the translation of the "wipe of the map" line ... it was a different speech all together. Please read what Iwrote rather than sending me to the one translation that you believes helps your cause. Jaun Cole's translation (which is far from universally accepted) is just as bad in my eyes as the 'wiped off the map' (false) translation.
FYI: I think the idea of an attack on Iran is wrong and immoral by Israel or the US
[deleted]
Especially since Iran doesn't have nukes, doesn't want nukes, and isn't planning on making nukes now or in the future.

It's sort of pointless to threaten to nuke someone with nukes you don't have.  That tends to backfire.
This is what you call being pro-Israel?  Open lying and chickenhawk warmongering?  THIS is an example of you towing the lying Likud/Shas line perfectly.

THIS IS ANTI-ISRAEL LYING WARMONGERING.
cool
Where's the lie and where's the warmongering?
LOL, this Obama worship is too much. He's going to say that the U.S. is going to sit idly by while it's major ally is obliterated? And destabilize our entire current Middle East policy? That is something you have to change more gradually, not in a soundbite in an interview.
No, he called for regime change, not "destruction" of *anything*.  How long will you continue to reuse this debunked Likidnik talking point?

The quote you provide disproves your thesis and doubly proves the truth that he was talking about regime change.
Typical Likudnik talking point, to conflate all the people of Israel, with the government of Israel. 

All the people of Israel do not agree with your lies, anti-Israel scumbag.
Hitler  label in English or Hebrew is the same as Infidel used by Al Queda.
&gt; No, he called for regime change, not "destruction" of anything. How long will you continue to reuse this debunked Likidnik talking point?

I'm not denying anything. He said that he wants the Israeli government gone ... meaning that there would be no more jewish state. 
The semantics you are using are disingenuous
That is the first time I've seen you frame it somewhat correctly.  Now you just need to clarify what each side means when they say "attack."
Jewish state of Israel??? - WTF.

How about: Native American state of America.
You win the award for dumbest redditor commentor .. you must be very proud.
huh? Israel is a jewish state ... what don't you understand about that?
No your words are worthless old recycled CAMERA and/or Likudnik talking points that indicates you work for someone who pays you or directs you to do this.  

The fact is there is a small army of these people shilling here and abroad, and it's entirely reasonable to question which outfit you are a part of.

I noticed you have not denied being affiliated in any way with AIPAC/AJC/ADL/CAMERA or another similar unnamed organization.  Unresponsiveness amount to a tacist admission in a court of law.  That means if you don't deny it, you're confirming you are one.

Second, DO YOU KNOW ANYONE ELSE affiliated in any way with these types of organizations?
They all worked off the same news wire.
I love how you anti-Israel asshats really believe that a vast jewish conspiracy cares enough to mount attacks on reddit and everywhere else. 

I am not nor do I know anyone affiliated with these groups. 

I don't even support most of their viewpoints (especially the ADL's objection to things like borat).
It's only a rhetorical game if you try to interpret it as anything other than what it really meant -- regime change.
I expect you to never use the "wiped off the map" canard again then, AND TO CORRECT IT IN OTHERS' POSTS WHEN YOU SEE IT.
1. I never used the "wiped off the map" canard
2. I don't need it to see that Ahmadinejad hates Israel
3. It's not my job to correct little semantic differences on the web
I am pro-Israel, YOU are anti-Israel by what you say.

Caring about whether propaganda groups exist isn't anti- anything except anti-propaganda.
When all else fails, bullshit ad hominem attacks!   

Very typical of your troupe.
when i see israelis fighting for the rights of other displaced peoples, i'll start to give the zionists their due.

until then, and you can understand why i don't think that will _ever_ happen, i'll consider the government of israel to be in the same vein of oppressive thugs as those that gave rise to their perpetual victim mentality.

stop killing citizens.  stop "settling" land that's not yours.  stop lobbying the us government to be your bitch on the un security council.  then watch as the rest of the world unifies behind you against your arab "enemies".
When you're point makes as little sense as it did, I'm left with little choice.
Unless you make the effort to reign in lies and inaccuracies from your Likudnik anti-Israel troupe, they will never stop using them, and the conversation will never move forward.

FYI, I take anyone to task that I see making slurs or cabalistic comments about Jews.  First, because bigotry/racism is wrong.  Second, because it's inherently incorrect and a waste of time.  Third, because they'll listen to me, they won't listen to you.  Catch my drift?
Go ahead and convince yourself of that if you need to.
Hillary is Retarded...that is all
Yeah, everyone knows what Ahmedinejad really said was "The Zionist regime will be erased from the page of history."  That's *SO* much better!
Israel takes in African refugees and other displaced people. Most of the Middle Eastern Jews there were refugees from the surrounding Arab land. 
I could care less about if Europe is behind Israel ... European synagogues are destroyed and they don't have a good historical track record for anti-semetism. 

You seem to completely ignore the fact that Israel was attacked as soon as they were founded and has been continually attacked since.
&gt; FYI, I take anyone to task that I see making slurs or cabalistic comments about Jews. First, because bigotry/racism is wrong. Second, because it's inherently incorrect and a waste of time. Third, because they'll listen to me, they won't listen to you. Catch my drift?

I do the same to anyone making arab or Islam slurs. correcting a quote by an antisemetic iranian leader, when the correct translation has the same effect is a waste of breath.
&gt;His actual comments on the subject of attacking Israel was aimed at its government, not its people. The same way the people of other countries say "We love America, but we hate Bush."

His comment was aimed at the notion of a *Jewish* state.  He wants to unify Israel and Palestine and then hold a "democratic" vote in the newly Arab/Muslim majority state.

As for Hillary, assfuck her.
Yeah, what he actually said is accurately translated as:

"The Zionist regime will be erased from the page of history."

Now, if he wants to go on like that, then regardless of Western mistranslations, I have a little phrase for him:

ימך שמו וזכרונו ממתחת השמיים!!

Translation to English: "May his name and memory be blotted out from under the heavens!!"

Now if he wants to keep playing the dozens like little children...
Not really, because people are latching onto that to wrongfully prove a point with far-reaching consequences.  Who it's about is irrelevant, if you care about truth, justice, and the correct use of "evidence."
Damn right they can nuke Iran themselves.
HEAR, O America, Obama your President, Obama is BLACK!
Typical white hypocrisy.

So what else is new?  The weather's nice today, isn't it?
If someone used the line to suggest that Ahmadinejad is ready to kill every Israeli, nuke Israel or something similar I will correct them (and I have in the past). If they are using the quote as evidence of Ahmadinejad hating Israel, believing that it doesn't have a right to exist or that Iran is a general threat to Israel, I am not going to bring them into a translation argument, when the correct translation proves those points.
kinda.
Last I heard Israel *is* one of the USA's allies.

Maybe they ain't one of *your country's* allies, but they are one of the USA.
Just look at your posts. Your last 2 persona's have both been commenting entirely on white people. You're infatuated. You love white people. If you hated them, you wouldn't spend so much time defending china against their ignorant comments - because you wouldn't need too. They wouldn't matter in your world.

No my friend, it's clear for all to see that you have an inferiority complex against the white man.

You've deleted the comment now on 'racist', but i am guessing your complex stems from being rejected by that white girl you always yapped about.

This might be hard to come to terms with, but i'm here to help you through this tough time. If you want to talk about what humiliated you so much, i'm willing to be a friendly shoulder to cry on.
Then you're gonna have to explain why you're infatuated with me.
Sure there is no treaty as far as we know. Even so if a rogue state launched an unprovoked nuclear attack against an ally, or even a non-ally that hadn't launched nukes first, the US would most certainly respond and be expected to respond. If they can attack another state with a nuclear weapon, then they can most certainly get us with one, and I believe there are international laws governing this type of situation.
This concept is called Mutually Accepted Destruction, and is in fact *imperative* if we do *not* want a nuclear war. If the united states, or the rest of the world, were ever to say they would do anything BUT retaliate with like force in the event of a nuclear attack, then that would give a green light to any country with a nuke to do what they wish, without having to worry much beyond "economic sanctions," or more manageable retaliation attacks.

The whole reason no one does is because they are sure to be obliterated off the map if they do. I don't like Hillary any more than the next guy, but any presidential candidate who doesn't understand this should never be allowed office.
The point is, Hillary explicitly threatened the military, possibly nuclear, destruction of Iran.  There are a lot of people in Iran.

Ahmadinejad was talking about the ending of a the current regime, was [quoting rather poetic language from an earlier figure](http://www.antiwar.com/orig/norouzi.php?articleid=11025), and his statement was painted as a drastic military threat.  Even if one took took this as a direct call for Iran to act, it would calling be the sort of thing that we did to Iran in the 1950s -- overthrowing a regime.  Not the genocide of a people.

One has to mistranslate Ahmadinejad and take an extremely generous reading of Clinton's words to make the two even remotely comparable.

The thing that really irks me is that both Clintons have a bit of a reputation for avoiding making too many explicit campaign promises.  If you aren't going to have many, the obliteration of a nation is a pretty crummy way to start.

Teddy Roosevelt (who I think was too militarily aggressive himself), said ["speak softly and carry a big stick"](http://www.loc.gov/exhibits/treasures/trm139.html), discouraging inflammatory rhetoric.  We've got by far the largest stick in the world, vastly more so than in Roosevelt's time, but the avoiding inflammatory speech bit seems to have fallen out of favor.  We haven't had that with Bush, and it doesn't seem that Clinton is following that advice either.
A jewish state with a [20%](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab_citizens_of_Israel) Arab population.
I don't think anyone is disputing that there is no love lost between the governments of Israel and Iran.  

Misconstruing one's words from an expression of disdain to a direct threat of annihilation is something else though, which can (is) directly escalate a situation that otherwise was just based on latent neighborly animosity.  

When that misperception is manipulated by a small group, regardless of their political affiliation, the results can be disastrous. 

Not that you should care, but I think you're genuine and I believe what you said.  Thanks.
Like Afghanistan was Taliban state?
&gt; Israeli government gone

Is not the same as "no more jewish state". If Jews want to live in Israel is can't be at cost of  Muslim, Christian. or Atheist natives of the  land.    

It is time to  wiped out the biblical nonsense.
Out of line ?? NOPE. The line starts from Hilary !
Your viewpoint completely ignores the long standing treatment of Jews in the Muslim world. The need for a Jewish state is based on this as well as the treatment in the christian world. 

Can I assume by this statement that you regard all muslim countries as needing to have their governments over thrown?

Further, you seem to state that Israel cost muslims, christians and atheists who were native to Israel. Do you have similar feelings about the surrounding muslim world who kicked most of the jews out 1948? or is a one way street?
You might realize Ahmedinejad's words sound a lot less innocent given that his regime arms and funds the two major terrorist groups known for attacking "the Zionist regime", Hamas and Hizballah.

But no, they don't compare to what Hillary said.  I mean, she threatened a nation with nuclear annihilation.  Ahmedinejad just told a country that he already attacks through proxies that it's going to disappear.

I mean, on the one hand, Hillary could actually back up the threat with nukes.  Ahmedinejad just doesn't have the firepower to carry out his words.  Not for lack of trying, but we're on Reddit, where the incompetence of terrorist groups is mistaken for morally pure intents.
it wasn't just fox news making the poor translation so please spread the blame around and stop pandering to the reddit crowd.
&gt;You might realize Ahmedinejad's words sound a lot less innocent given that his regime arms and funds the two major terrorist groups known for attacking "the Zionist regime", Hamas and Hizballah.

When we were funding Afghani groups attacking the Soviet Union (the same folks that we're now fighting), I don't think that we were held in doing to to be trying to kill everyone in the Soviet Union.

Also, (and this is not something that I've researched), I've seen several sources stating that Iran [hasn't funded Hamas](http://www.rferl.org/featuresarticle/2006/01/175FA8CE-21E8-4A2F-A586-133BC1FC90D2.html).  They did fund Hizballah, that's certainly true.  They also do recognize Hamas (and were enthusiastic to see them elected by the Palestinian people), despite the fact that Israel and Hamas obviously bitterly dislike each other.
Hi, sunshine.  Nice to have you back in the fray.

Who asked Hillary "what would you do if Iran nuked Israel"?

When did they ask her that?

Just curious.  The linked article could not have provided less real information if they tried.
it is just simply outrageous and insanely stupid to simply consider demolishing a 6000 years old civilization.
I'm hoping your comment was meant to be sarcastic, but I really can't tell anymore... kind of depressing.
ANY ONE, Muslim, Jews, Christian atheist, should be allowed to return to country they were expelled from AND fully compensated for their plight.   


&gt; Can I assume by this statement that you regard all muslim countries as needing to have their governments over thrown?

One man one vote for all citizens and elect whatever form of government that is suitable.  You can't build a wall around an area and call the people inside it as non citizens.  And you can't ethnically cleanse areas to create fake majority.
An interesting read on the Jewish plight in Muslim world

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_Jews_in_Turkey
&gt; One man one vote for all citizens and elect whatever form of government that is suitable.

You once again ignore how jewish people were treated (and currently are treated) in the Arab world. 
This is the whole point. Your point of view means that Jews will be treated poorly no matter what because they are a minority.
And change. Lots of change.
Maybe Hillary thinks the 2% Jewish vote will be the superdelegates she needs.  Clearly that 2% represents what's in the best interest of non-Jewish Americans.  They do after all mean so much when it comes to the Electoral college.
Jewish people are (and have been) largely treated well in Turkey ... but still not as equals.
There are 70 MILLION PEOPLE in Iran.  vs. the 8 million in Israel.
&gt; will be treated poorly no matter what because they are a minority.

There are minorities all over the world.  Why does one man one vote lead to poor treatment of minorities?

You seem to imply the only solution is racially pure states!   Isn't that what Hitler was proposing also?
Even if Iran had nukes there it is not physically possible for them to hit the US.
True, but the discussion was about nuking Israel, with the US responding.
At what point did the US become responsible for Israel?  There is a real "discussion" to be had here and I long for the day it happens in this country.
You said:

&gt; Your viewpoint completely ignores the long standing treatment of Jews in the Muslim world.

If you are talking about Muslim world in Historical sense then you are talking about Ottoman empire:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:OttomanEmpireIn1683.png

Turkey is only a small subset of the empire.  

As you can read in the Wikipedia article for yourself,  Jews have always escaped from the Christin persecution in Europe to the Muslim ruled areas.
&gt; There are minorities all over the world. Why does one man one vote lead to poor treatment of minorities?

Thousands of years of anti-semitism have shown this. Look at how jews are treated in the muslim world ... your solution (right of return) would mean that the jews in Israel would once again be treated like Dhimmi's 

&gt; You seem to imply the only solution is racially pure states! Isn't that what Hitler was proposing also?

No I do not. There are 1.6 million non-Jews in Israel who are treated equally ... this is not true everywhere in the world. Some places diversity works better than others. In the US and Canada there is a relative equality. 

The unfortunate fact is that the Arab world has long shown intolerance towards jews. Currently, many arab text books treat blood libel. And before you say, this occurred before the founding of Israel.
Another area where Jews lived in Muslim world.  Central Asia:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bukharian_Jews
Me too, brother, and the more we continue to talk about it everywhere we go, the more people will become aware.

Here's a great blog I read religiously:

www.philipweiss.org

I'm also on digg, as neocognitism.
What kind of logic is this?

Let's do an Atheist state of America
WHAT?
I am responding to the last two responses. 

1. I do not argue that jews and muslims have not coexisted before, but always with Jews as Dhimmis, never as equals.

2. If you read my whole quote I hold the christian world equally accountable:

&gt; Your viewpoint completely ignores the long standing treatment of Jews in the Muslim world. The need for a Jewish state is based on this as well as the treatment in the christian world.
[deleted]
it's just a fact:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_state-established_religions
Thanks, for the daily theseminal spam.
Right of return means you have a right to return to your land.  And you will be compensated for your plight.

If are you claims Jews have suffered a lot then you should be for it.    Why not have all the Jews who suffered in the Muslim world  submit claims and have all the Christian,  Muslims, and Atheist Arabs who suffered since creation of State of Israel to submit claims too.
[deleted]
&gt; If are you claims Jews have suffered a lot then you should be for it. Why not have all the Jews who suffered in the Muslim world submit claims and have all the Christian, Muslims, and Atheist Arabs who suffered since creation of State of Israel to submit claims too.

Because the Muslim world has shown an intolerance to jewish presence. What I'm interested in is all people having somewhere they can go and not be discriminated against based on their religion, race and creed. Unfortunately, centuries of history show that the muslim and christian worlds are not willing to treat jews as equals and be safe. In Europe Synagogues are blown up in this decade and genocide was attempted in the past century. The Jews and Muslims have had problems since the time of Muhammad. 

Additionally, the right of return for Jews back into the Arab world is impossible because many of their former countries are extremely hostile to jews.
For one, there are those of us who object to the "orthodoxy of both parties."
&gt;When we were funding Afghani groups attacking the Soviet Union (the same folks that we're now fighting), I don't think that we were held in doing to to be trying to kill everyone in the Soviet Union.

Once again, Ahmedinejad doesn't want to kill everyone in Israel.  He just wants to merge it with Palestine to create an Arab/Muslim majority state that will become an Islamist state like Iran.  The whole notion of a free Palestine living side-by-side with a free Jewish Israel is abhorrent to this vision, which is why his government helps Hamas out (an interview with a Cambridge University prof is only one source, btw).  Ahmedinejad wants to see the political collapse of Israel.

Likewise, when America funded Afghani terrorist groups, causing the political collapse of the Soviet Union was the whole damn point, as it was with *everything* America did in the Cold War.  And wouldn't you look at that, *IT WORKED*.

Please stop confusing destroying a state with destroying a people.  The destruction of Israeli Jewry and/or their subjugation into second-class citizen status in their own homeland would merely be a coincidental, dare I hope merely probable instead of sure, side effect of forcing them into an Arab/Muslim state.
this all assumes either 1) the leader with a finger on the button is accountable to his/her country and 2) the leader is not as batshit crazy enough to not care about any consequences whatsoever.  I'm not making any statement about Iran here... just be clear that those two assumptions need to be satisfied for MAD to be relevant.
Ajmedinejad made similar statements about Istrael, meaning...

...he'd nuke the US if they attacked Israel?

...he'd nuke Israel if Israel attacked Israel?

..or that he has no authority over the Iranian army, air force, or navy, and decides who gets attacked or nuked as much as your local crazy bum?
&gt; Jews as Dhimmis

You means in Islamic states that were governed by Islamic laws,  Jews were allowed to be Jews and governed themselves as Jews (e.g. marriage, inheritance....) 


&gt; never as equals.

And you preferred them to be treated like Palestinians today?  Expelled from their homeland (aka as left voluntarily, but can't come back!), live under military occupation,  check point, walls, blockades...

The issue you have is that the Zionism has shown the world the meaning of "equality", and it is ugly.
&gt; And you preferred them to be treated like Palestinians today? Expelled from their homeland (aka as left voluntarily, but can't come back!), live under military occupation, check point, walls, blockades...

No I believe in a two state system back to the '67 borders. I can not take you seriously if you blame the palestinian situation completely on Israel any more than you could take me seriously if I blamed it on other people. 

Why did Egypt, Syria and Lebanon not take in the palestinians? Why don't they today?  Why don't they end the suffering. The Jews who lost their land in the arab world were forced to find a new home and they did. At some point the palestinians are going to have to realize that right of return is not going to happen for them any more than it is feasible to happen for the jews who lost their land. 

Your thoughts on zionism are a purposely and cleverly set up catch 22. 

If Israel showed what you consider equality there would be no Jewish state and jews would be back to being second class citizens. So it's a lose lose.
&gt; What I'm interested in is all people having somewhere they can go and not be discriminated against based on their religion, race and creed.

There are millions of Palestinians that have been for generation lived in West Bank, Jerusalem...  For the last 60 years they have been forced to live in refugee camps.

If you are claiming to be Jewish, you must accept the ten commandment, specifically "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you."

What should be done to the Palestinians that you accept as fair if were to be done onto you?
I'm not a Clinton's fan but she WAS NOT "out of line"

We should defend allies against aggression. Especially from a religious fanatic country.
&gt; What should be done to the Palestinians that you accept as fair if were to be done onto you?

Agreed, they should go to the '67 borders and have their own state. Unfortunately, constant attacks prevent Israel from putting their guard down. We have argued the blame game before and it will get us no where and I do not wish to do it again. 
What I am telling you, is that regardless of your (or my) opinion of right and wrong or "who started it," it is clear right now that a group of palestinians are a threat to any sort of open border with Israel. Until that stops, Israel is not going to suddenly let their guard down. 

I understand that in the view of many palestinians, that they do not believe that a stop in violence will be viewed as anything but an acquiescence of the ISraeli tactics. 

These two completely opposed viewpoints are an impasse and have been for quite some time.
&gt; Why did Egypt, Syria and Lebanon not take in the palestinians?

I see equality means European Jews deport Palestinians from their homeland and others take them in.   By this definition Spanish Inquisition was all good then.

&gt; The Jews who lost their land in the arab world were forced to find a new home and they did.

Here I was thinking that it was the Holocaust in Europe that forced the Jews to migrate to middle east.  

&gt; At some point the palestinians are going to have to realize that right of return is not going to happen for them any more than it is feasible to happen for the jews who lost their land.

That is equality in Zionism!
Not what the U.S. would do. What she would do.  She would kill 70,000,000 people if their Government used WMD on ANY of their neighbors. (except syria I assume)
you really believe that they doesn't want nukes? you are a fool.

Explain why they were with their north korean friends at their last nuke weapon testing, to admire the view?
&gt; If Israel showed what you consider equality there would be no Jewish state and jews would be back to being second class citizens. So it's a lose lose.


So in Zionism equality = lose lose!
there was black jedis too you know.
[deleted]
I thought you were talking about the U.S.
Emperor Palpatine too...
&gt; I see equality means European Jews deport Palestinians from their homeland and others take them in. By this definition Spanish Inquisition was all good then.

no, you once again forget that Jews were removed from their homes and forced to be taken in by the JEwish state. I say equality is that the same occur on both sides. 

&gt; Here I was thinking that it was the Holocaust in Europe that forced the Jews to migrate to middle east.


The holocaust was certainly part of this, but it was not the only reason. The British guaranteed the jews a state going back to 1922. It predates the holocaust. My point here is that when jews were kicked out of the arab world they were forced to move to Israel. 

&gt; That is equality in Zionism!

the arab world succesfuly cleansed themselves of jews and it is impossible for those jews to move home. You suggest that the palestinians deserve something that is impossible for the jews who lost there homes. It is a two way street.
no ... you are the one fighting against equality, not me. The jews were kicked out of the arab world and are not able to move back ... this was unfortunate and unfair to them and their families. The Palestinians are no longer in their homes and are unable to move back ... this wasunfortuante and unfair to them and their families. The situations are paralell. The only difference is Israel accepted the jews with open arms.
&gt; Unfortunately, constant attacks prevent Israel from putting their guard down.

But interestingly they are grabbing more land and building more "settlements".   If as you say Israelis were feeling unsafe, why would then want to build outside the 67 borders?    The last thing you want to do is to move your family closer to the conflict right?
That's a legitimate gripe, but I don't understand why Hillary is especially horrible for stating something 99% of the rest of our federal elected officials would support.
&gt;The only difference is Israel accepted the jews with open arms.

Hitler too accepted the Aryans, but forced the Jews out.
No it is not. If it has religious connotation, as you are conveniently implying, then it should be called
Judaic state of Israel. As in:

Christian state of the United States of America.
&gt; If as you say Israelis were feeling unsafe, why would then want to build outside the 67 borders?

This was foolish and I do not shed a tear when these settlements are dismantled and not all Israelis would live in these settlements. I could ask you questions about things done by a minority of palestinians which destroy what you say their goals are. for example:

If the palestinians wanted peace they wouldn't send rockets into Israel ... so all palestinians don't want peace. 
OR
Some palestinians left the region, I thought they wanted to return why would they move away?
OR
Some palestinians use piping that should be used for infrastructure for rockets, I thought they wanted clean water?

It is true that a bunch of right wing Israeli asshats have made this process difficult, but so have a bunch of extremist palestinians.
http://www.iht.com/bin/printfriendly.php?id=12085456

Obama ducked and Hillary took it.
I thought we were actually having a civil conversation, because I was taking your concerns seriously and not resorting to the most pathetic way of conducting this. Like stating that you support terrorists. I see now that you have no interest in that, but instead would like to make disingenuous and completely retarded comparisons. 

As such, I'm done for now ... I'm sure we'll end up in a similar conversation at some later date.
I see, you had a problem with my order of words ... I'll change it for you ... is it more clear now?
Maybe you're right, I am a fool to think Israel doesn't want nukes.  In fact there is plenty of evidence that Israel HAS nukes, and even wheeled them out during the '06 war that Israel lost.  That kind of insanity hasn't been shown since the 60's, and we should definitely try to reign in that fanatical leader and aim for regime change there.

Oh... you mean IRAN...  oh, okay.

The totality of the world's intelligence services say they aren't seeking them, and aren't planning on seeking them.  

Only Mossad had some proven Mossad-manufactured fake "evidence" on a laptop saying Iran was trying to make nukes.  Oh surprise "By deception, do we wage war" strikes again!

Few things could be more definitively proven.  Your anti-Arab anti-Islam bigotry, racism, and hate are proven by pushing this point when not looking at Israel which has many nukes.
Old Testament "The Ban", Deut 20:17

http://books.google.com/books?id=P9sYIRXZZ2MC&amp;pg=PA146&amp;lpg=PA146&amp;dq=deutoronomy+ban&amp;source=web&amp;ots=sAb5DJhGyu&amp;sig=kxXjMraydnWtP8H4MbuCYlwitHM&amp;hl=en

Same thing basically.
No, they are not. There is no defense treaty between the two countries.

Perhaps they are what could be called friends, but that doesn't have any legal obligations.
Regime change, as opposed to?
John McCain
glassing.
You mean like from "the fire of the Islamic nations' fury"?
or from those secret nukes you think Iran either has or will have in 2-3 months.
According to the ICJ it is illegal to use nuclear weapons unless it is in an extreme circumstance of self-defence:

&gt;[By seven votes to seven, by the President's casting vote, the Court decided that the threat or use of nuclear weapons would generally be contrary to the rules of international law applicable in armed conflict, and in particular the principles and rules of humanitarian law; However, in view of the current state of international law, and of the elements of fact at its disposal, the Court cannot conclude definitively whether the threat or use of nuclear weapons would be lawful or unlawful in an extreme circumstance of self-defence, in which the very survival of a State would be at stake.](http://www.icj-cij.org/docket/index.php?p1=3&amp;p2=4&amp;k=e1&amp;p3=4&amp;case=95)

Now "extreme circumstance of self-defence" might be a bit subjective, but I don't think that covers a nuclear attack on an ally or non-ally.
I'm pretty sure the "fire of the Islamic nations' fury" is connected to that. Not to mention the "one storm" which Ahmadinejad said would destroy Israel.
Mmm.  Sounds like what Hillary said about Iran too.  Not as bad as that rabbi recently saying that all Palestinians should be murdered in a New Holocaust.
Iran starts talking about wiping Israel from the page of history, burning Israel in Islamic fire, and destroying Israel with one storm. Hillary has said that.

And no rabbi said that either.
All Iran has ever meant is regime change, moron.

A rabbi has said that.  I'll give you the link, but first, are you a Jewish Zionist or a Christian Zionist (CUFI)?  My money is on the former, but I need confirmation.
Wiping Israel from the page of history, burning Israel in Islamic fire, and destroying Israel with one storm, not to mention supporting Hezbollah and Hamas, whose charter calls for the  destruction of Israel and the genocide of its inhabitants.
Iran never said those things.  Provide the original Persian.

Let us conflate every Islamic entity the ultra-Zionists want to wipe off the map.
Zionists don't want to wipe any Islamic identities away. They want to live in peace in Israel only.
Really, she isn't. Just a feature of reddit.
I'm anti fundamentalism, all religions included that's all.

But I have a real problem believing anything from a "islamic republic" as I would from a "christian republic".

But you're right, my comment wasn't clear enough on that level and could have been perceived as racist. The arab world doesn't have monopoly on religious fanatics.
A few.  Ultra-Zionists, like neocons and Likudniks, and you, are paranoid chickenhawk warmongers who see domination, genocide, and massively asymmetric warfare as the only way to secure Israel, by destroying others.  The majority of Israelis don't even agree with you.
&gt; I don't understand why Hillary is getting raked over the coals for something that has been foreign policy orthodoxy for both parties going back to the development of nuclear weapons.

Because her phrasing was un-necessarily belligerent, and designed to pander to a particular constituency. Certain other constituencies, like all those favoring a more constructive approach to the Middle East, are naturally offended.

She could have said *I will never let it get to the point that Iran nukes Israel. Israel is our ally, and under my administration we will pursue a course of diplomacy and pressure to defuse this threat.*

But her *deliberately belligerent* phrasing was an attempt to look tough for the benefit of a particular constituency, and it backfired with respect to other potential voters. Tough. It was her choice. 

She chose to play John Wayne, and everyone who is sick and tired of the cowboy mentality is punishing her for it.
Smart move, Obama! This is a loaded question designed to force the candidate to prove their pro-Israel credentials.  

And your claim that 'Obama ducked' is shifty - he answered it intelligently and *diplomatically*.

&gt; [Obama] I think it is very important that Iran understands that an attack on Israel is an attack on our strongest ally in the region, one that we -- one whose security we consider paramount, and that -- that would be an act of aggression that we -- that I would -- that I would consider an attack that is unacceptable, and the United States would take appropriate action.

Look, the question was fucktarded. Obama saw this. Hillary used it as an opportunity to pander. 

If Iran nukes Israel, Israel will nuke Iran a hundredfold more.  There won't be anything left for us to nuke. And Israel might just lob a nuke at Russia for good measure (look up Hersh's 'Samson Option') and draw us all in to a global conflagration.
&gt; This concept is called Mutually Accepted Destruction ...

But this was a one-nuke attack on Iran, not a mutual exchange between the USSR and the US. In theory, we could sit it out.

Any candidate who doesn't understand that the question is *irrelevant* because Israel has 200 nukes of its own is *too stupid to be allowed in office*. 

It doesn't matter what we would or would not do after Iran nukes Israel; the Israelis have the ability to do whatever they want to Iran.

People just don't understand the subtle politics behind the Iranian bomb, so they discuss it in terms of retarded cartoons.
Thank you for the clarification.
The Likudniks don't want want to wipe anyone out. They also just want to live in peace in Israel.And I've never experienced a sect of Zionism that called itself Ultra

And as for your mindless accusation against me, there's no other way to respond but to ignore it.
Likudniks are anti-Israel, and so are you.  

STFU and cease your traitorous lies.
Nope, and lying isn't getting you anywhere fat boy.
You are right it is subjective. One could argue that any state that uses a nuclear weapon in this day and age poses an extreme threat to every state on the planet. Any state with the will to actually use one despite knowing the repercussions(the threat of imminent destruction a.k.a. MAD theory) could arguably be a considerable risk to any other state.
I'm just observing, and I'm not a boy, and I sure as hell ain't fat.

Denial isn't just a river in Egypt, and that's if you're not just lying.
I am surprise you take offense to the statement.  Here is the basic form:

When GroupA attempts to ethnically cleanse GroupB, it would try to eliminate as much of GroupB it can while at the same time accept as many of its like minded GroupA as possible.

Sounds logical right?

Now if you do GroupA = Nazi, GroupB = Jews the result would be the WWII Hollacust.

If you do GroupA = Zionist, GroupB = Palestinians, then you get Nakba http://www.alnakba.org/


I have to say you did say the following that  has made me think about it:

&gt; At some point the palestinians are going to have to realize that right of return is not going to happen for them any more than it is feasible to happen for the jews who lost their land.


Essentially what you are saying is that Palestinians have been defeated and they have to accept their fate.  Which I have to say is  a logical statement. 

It is interesting when you also consider that for 100, if not 1000s of years Jews were dominated militarily but never accepted their fate.  But Zionism wants to do onto Palestinians what no one else could do to Jews.    

I think they are pissing in the wind!
Amen.  Even leaving aside which side (if either) we should support, Israel seems quite capable of defending herself at this point.
Why does the US need to do anything?  Israel itself has nukes enough to destroy Iran.  And knowing that, there is no way Iran would ever nuke Israel to begin with, so if she can't dodge that question she's not smart enough to be president.
[Some of the best.](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Mace_Windu)
If we had heeded George Washington's warning these discussions would not be required.
Yes, we should be firm that if Iran nukes *us*, we would respond in kind (though we should also be clear that we will take earlier steps to prevent it from reaching that point).  Since when does MAD require us to defend another country which, as anonymous-coward says, has nukes of its own?
Exactly.  That's my point.  It's really two different phrasings of the same Old Semitic curse.

Thank you for being the only Redditor clever enough to get it.
Yeah, and?  The point is that for every big pronouncement by "obama_is_god" I post the Obamaniac Declaration of Faith.
Irony makes me laugh.

Btw, why have no christians ever noticed this little corner of their bible while yelling about how the world was created 4004bc?
I have no damned idea.  The Jews sure as hell know about it, since they have a tendency to compare any recent anti-Semites to the ancient Amalek (whom they must actually carry out the curse on, erasing every evidence of that tribe's existence except for the Torah command to perform said erasure).

My original point is that using that kind of curse is so close to threatening that you could put your little toe a centimeter further forwards and your enemy would have every justification to kick your ass in self-defense.  As I said, the actual meaning of the curse is that you erase all evidence that the cursed enemy ever existed.  Burn and pillage, leaving nothing behind at all.
Wow, it must rock being God's chosen people.

Double sarcasm.
Now now, don't invoke the oldest Jewish joke on the planet.
Actually it is the same as no more jewish state. In the exact same sense as after apartheid, south africa is no longer a white state. Shame about south africa but it would NOT be a shame if crusader jews got kicked out of the middle east.
&gt; No I believe in a two state system back to the '67 borders.

And this is ugly. It should be a one-state solution.

&gt; The Jews who lost their land in the arab world were forced to find a new home and they did.

By stealing someone else's. Boo hoo hoo the poor jews.

&gt; there would be no Jewish state

Yes and it's such a tragedy that South Africa is no longer a white state.
It's logical only if you assume population pressure won't win out. An assumption which is faintly ridiculous.
It doesn't matter what the British promised since they were expressly legally forbidden from "fundamentally altering the character" of Palestine.

&gt; My point here is that 

it's okay to skip intervening points in history when they are inconvenient to one's fairytale err "narrative".

&gt; the arab world succesfuly cleansed themselves of jews and it is impossible for those jews to move home.

Then there are two options: 1) the Zionists should go to Zionist-loving countries like the USA. Or 2) the Zionists should be enslaved as reparations for their crimes against Palestinians and against Humanity.

I prefer option #2. It really is a crime to destabilize an entire region for the sake of your own fucking hubris. Especially a particularly sensitive region that can touch off WW3.
The problem is that the "bunch of extremist palestinians" who were making things difficult haven't been in power for a long while. Meanwhile the "bunch of right wing Israeli asshats" are the Israeli government and have been so continuously for decades.

Whenever you are trying to make the situation symmetric, it is really Palestinians who hold the moral high ground. And whenever you are trying to make sure Zionist Crusaders hold the moral high ground, it is really symmetric. Or as in the case of the expulsion of Jews from Arab lands AFTER Zionist aggression against Arabs in Israel, it is really retaliation against the morally inferior Zionists.

It's so difficult arguing against reality, but keep trying!
&gt; By stealing someone else's

your knowledge of history is deficient.
&gt; I prefer option #2.

You would prefer that option. You unlike me support terroristic options
&gt; Sounds logical right?

The only ethnic cleansing going on is the ethnic cleansing of the jews out of arab lands in 1948. Israel has an arab supreme court justice and over 1,000,000 Arabs living freely. This is why I find your analogy ridiculous and offensive. The history is quite clear. The Arabs started fleeing Israel during the '48 war which was started by the Arabs (This is not to say that Israel had nothing to do with this fleeing). To suggest that this act is somehow similar to the nazis unilaterally rounding up jews and placing them in ghettos is ridiculous.
Your rant makes little sense
I like your caricature of history.  Israelis have been giving Arabs all their rights, and yet Arabs left their land!

&gt; 1,000,000 Arabs living freely.

And millions more live under occupation.



&gt; nilaterally rounding up jews and placing them in ghettos is ridiculous.

The more ridiculous claim is that Palestinians flee on their own, and not as result of atrocities committed by the Jewish terror organization.  That is massacring villages which caused the neighboring villages to flee.   

It is Just like Nazi for very simple reason.  For whatever reason people left (let historian figure it out)  they want to go back to their ancestral home to which most of them even have titles to.  Israel is denying their their homes, just as the Nazi didn't allow Jews to leave the concentration camps to return to their home.
&gt; I like your caricature of history. Israelis have been giving Arabs all their rights, and yet Arabs left their land!

We covered this last week. In both Israel and the Arab world people were kicked out of/ left their homes on both sides. Your entire response ignores this because it does not fit into your argument.

&gt; he more ridiculous claim is that Palestinians flee on their own, and not as result of atrocities committed by the Jewish terror organization. That is massacring villages which caused the neighboring villages to flee.

This occurred to Jews in the Arab world at the same moment, but the Arab world finished the job, this is why their are so few Jews in the Arab world today. This is in places where jews had been for thousands of years prior to 1948.

&gt; It is Just like Nazi for very simple reason. For whatever reason people left (let historian figure it out) they want to go back to their ancestral home to which most of them even have titles to. Israel is denying their their homes, just as the Nazi didn't allow Jews to leave the concentration camps to return to their home.

That's very thin and not really the same. You have never heard a historian who stated that the evil of the nazis was the fact that they could not go home. It was the fact that they were rounded up and slaughtered. Don't try to argue that Gaza is in the same league as Aushwitz. 
The Egyptions, Syrians, Lebonese and the rest of the Arab world did this exact thing in 1948. They did not allow jews to come back: are they like the nazis? I would say no, but I do not make ridiculous exaggerations to try to prove my point. I do not need to exaggerate the actions of Hamas to know that they are bad.
My knowledge of reality trumps your knowledge of revisionist history. Even if the Jews paid money for land at the point of a gun, after it had been conveniently devalued by bulldozing it over, the transaction was never legal because it expressly contravened international law. What the Zionists did was illegal in three independent ways and so it is you whose knowledge is grossly deficient.
&gt; This occurred to Jews in the Arab world at the same moment, but the Arab world finished the job, this is why their are so few Jews in the Arab world today.

My friend you are leaving in a fairy land.  Zionism has been doing all it can to get the Jewish population in the world to migrate to Israel.   They have been using hope, fear, and greed of the Jews all over the world to get them to move to Israel.  

It is interesting that up until US invasion of Iraq there were some Jews that lived in Iraq.  Even during the Saddam regime.  But as soon as Iraq was "liberated" they all moved to Israel.
That is preposterous. You somehow believe that the historic homes of the middle eastern Arabs is more important to them than the historic homes of middle easter Jews. The jewish populations of Egypt and the other Arab nation were bullied and threatened out of their homes. The fact that they were welcomed into Israel should not be used to Israel's detriment. It just shows how jews treat their own. I'll let the Arab world judge what it means that they did not, and do not, do the same for other Arabs.
So the world should view as  how Hitler treated his own (the Aryans).  The Holocaust is not about Nazism, it is about others not accepting the undesirable Hitler wanted to deport.

Your response is proof that Zionism is in many ways on par with Nazism.
&gt; Your response is proof that Zionism is in many ways on par with Nazism.

only in the eyes of someone who wants to demonize the israelis. 

I do not think that is how you should view the world  and once again you cannot respond so you are trying to take the conversation onto a ridiculous tangent. 
My key point, which I will state again, is that what happened to the palestinians is what happened to the jews in the arab world. 
ISrael should not be judged on how they treated jews who were kicked out of their homes, but this fact should not be used against them either. 

By the way, Hitler's "own" were not Aryan .. he was partially jewish and had brown hair. This is yet another example on how you need to bend the facts to demonize Israel.
&gt; Your response is proof that Zionism is in many ways on par with Nazism.

&gt; only in the eyes of someone who wants to demonize the israelis

This is interesting.  So any talk of Nazism is also to demonize the Germans?

&gt; is that what happened to the palestinians is what happened to the jews in the arab world.

I think this is basically nonsense.  We know that demographics has always been important to the Zionist project, from day one they wanted Jewish majority.   We also know that from day one they were well financed.  Looking at what happened in 1990s we see that millions of Jews were enticed to move from x-soviet states to Israel.   Not because they were persecuted.  If you want to argue they were in Communist times well that is fine, but this was beginning of new era.  We also know that of the richest oligarch that came after the USSR, there were a good number of Jewish Russians.  Hence they didn't leave because of persecution, or lack of opportunities.  But state of Israel was able to entice them to move to Israel.   At the time of its creation it did the same to the Jews who lived in Arab world.  There may have been some incidents AFTER creation of Israel, but for most part I  simply don't buy the story that Jews were forced to leave.   

We know for instance that today Iran has a sizable Jewish community.   Zionist have been trying to entice them to move to Israel yet they choose not to immigrate.  

It is not so much who got forced out of their home, it is more case of who got fooled to buy into the Zionist project.





&gt; By the way, Hitler's "own" were not Aryan .. he was partially jewish and had brown hair. This is yet another example on how you need to bend the facts to demonize Israel.

I don't think Zionism has much to do with Judaism.  It is political ideology you choose "your own" as you wish.  

If you look at Israel you see some of its staunchest allies are actually Christian Zionist that are hopping for Armageddon and destruction of Jews.   

Politics is about power and money, and the bedfellows (aka "their own") is not always logical.  Just as long as you can find fools to buy the story!
&gt; This is interesting. So any talk of Nazism is also to demonize the Germans?

No, I have explained how the two situations are different and you are unable to state otherwise because of the simple facts. 


You do state truth in that Russian jews were enticed to move. My family was Russian and ended up in the states. Where you are wrong is that this wasn't related to persecution. The entire "enticement" was based on going somewhere where you would not be persecuted (for once).  You can't make the same argument as the Arab lands because the situation was not the same. In 1948 Israel was at war, yet you would believe that the jews in the Arab world were enticed to move to a war zone in a land that was unproven. This is ridiculous. The anti-Israel crew at some point made it up in their mind that the middle eastern jews had similar motives as the European and American Jews, they did not.


&gt; Politics is about power and money, and the bedfellows (aka "their own") is not always logical. Just as long as you can find fools to buy the story!

If you remember this conversation started with the simple fact that the muslim and christian world have beaten up on the jews for centuries. Wanting a place where that does not happen is more akin to splitting a country down ethnic lines for peace and safety. It is only a fool trying to prove a false point who makes the argument that this is similar to nazi germany. I recommend you look at some pictures and read some stories about what happened to gypsies and  the mentally retarded in nazi germany. It is clear that you don't have too big a problem with what happened to the jews because you think that a similar thing is happening to the palestinians today,
&gt; It is clear that you don't have too big a problem with what happened to the jews because you think that a similar thing is happening to the palestinians today,

What I have problems with or not doesn't change one iota of history.   I think your accusation above is total nonsense, but I am not going to discuss it.  You can have your opinion about what I do or don't have issues with.

What is clear is that you have no problem with the what is happening to Palestinians.  It is all justified to you.  This is something we can have an effect on, you have clearly decided that now that Israel is in charge, it is all ok.   Essentially you have no moral issue with the what happened to the Jews, it is just that the victims were Jews concerns you.    If Jews run the concentration camps it is all ok to you.
&gt; What is clear is that you have no problem with the what is happening to Palestinians. It is all justified to you

No, I just don't put blame squarely on Israel. I want a 2 state system back to the 67 borders, but Israel needs assurance that attacks will stop. 

It is you, not me, that ignores history and believes that suicide attacks are ok. I mourn the death of every palestinian who is not a terrorist (the majority of palestinians) and am angered that Hamas uses human shields and continues the carnage rather than trying peace. 

You obviously don't know what a concentration camp is.
&gt; No, I just don't put blame squarely on Israel. I want a 2 state system back to the 67 borders, but Israel needs assurance that attacks will stop.

It is not the "attacks" by home made "missiles"that Israel is concern about.  The real issues are a) the Zionist project is not interested in 67 border, b) the Israeli version of military industrial complex has figured out how to capitalize on conflict :  http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/story/0,,2104440,00.html



&gt; It is you, not me, that ignores history and believes that suicide attacks are ok.

Where did i say this?

&gt; You obviously don't know what a concentration camp is.

Or you don't know what life under Israeli siege in Gaza, or under constant harassments in West Bank is like -- or you choose to justify it.
&gt; It is not the "attacks" by home made "missiles"that Israel is concern about.

How short your memory is. Before the road blocks and walls, suicide bombings happened on a regular basis. The vast majority of zionists want protection from this. You have little basis other than a one-sided article by an extremely bias news outlet about a small percentage of criminals. 

&gt; Or you don't know what life under Israeli siege in Gaza, or under constant harassments in West Bank is like -- or you choose to justify it.

No, I'm well aware. A short list about the differences (I could list hundreds, I'll keep it to a few glaring differences):

1. death marches
2. literally digging your own grave
3. amount of food (look at how thin people in the concentration camps were)
4. mass killings (gas chambers of millions)
5. population growth vs. decline
6. freedom of religion
7. not locked in a sell

need I continue. The comparison is quite disgusting.
The differences are smaller than you think. The only real difference is that in one case Jews were the victims now the Zionist (notice I don't say Jews here) are the victimizers.

 What is happening in Gaza and West Bank is every bit as Genocidal and ethnic cleansing as there has been in the history.  Tactics are different.  But the intent is the same.  I wont get into the details because you are very lose with the facts.


You said:  

&gt; It is you, not me, that ignores history and believes that suicide attacks are ok.

And I asked you:

&gt; Where did i say this?

I am waiting for your response.
No ... The differences are huge and your deluded mind just doesn't want to believe it. There is nothing in common. You admit that the tactics aren't the same (which really is proof enough since the most abhorrent part of the holocaust was the tactics). Which means you are left with nothing but intent. The stated intent of Israel is protection. This is shown by the constant attacks on ISrael that did not occur to the germans. 
Additionally, the differences are so great in effect that their is no similarity. How do you explain that after 60 years of this, there is consistent increase in palestinian population, while the germans killed millions in just a few short years. Do you really not see how disgusting your argument is?

When you show me 3 wars started from the jewish people against the germans in germany, constant terror attacks and attempts for peace, then you would have a point, but you don't. I don't care if the victims are jewish, arab, christian, Gypsie, Hungarian, Bolivian, African or native american.

&gt; Where did i say this?

You passively admit this again in this particular response. Your feeling that Israels defense of suicide attacks is the same as the holocaust, you take ALL blame from the real criminals here, Hamas.

Summary:
Israel is a jewish state ... what don't you understand about that?
Hillary wants to nuke Iran.
If Iran nukes Israel, Israel will nuke Iran a hundredfold more.
and some of us are not even from the US.
&gt; is that what happened to the palestinians is what happened to the jews in the arab world.
The objection to 'wiped off the map' was the destruction of Israel as a jewish state.
I agree that he didn't say "wipe Israel off the map."
Actually it is the same as no more jewish state.
Right of return means you have a right to return to your land.
One more time: She was asked what the U.S. would do if Iran NUKED Israel, not just attacked it.
Not what the U.S. would do.
Israel itself has nukes enough to destroy Iran.
She could have said *I will never let it get to the point that Iran nukes Israel.
My point here is that when jews were kicked out of the arab world they were forced to move to Israel.
you really believe that they doesn't want nukes?
And it's not like they can't nuke Iran themselves.
Maybe you're right, I am a fool to think Israel doesn't want nukes.
I do not think either of them are wrong in saying this.
&gt; The Jews who lost their land in the arab world were forced to find a new home and they did.
He said that he wants the Israeli government gone ... meaning that there would be no more jewish state.
I don't need it to see that Ahmadinejad hates Israel
3.
Iran never said those things.
&gt; Where did i say this?
&gt; That is equality in Zionism!
&gt; There are minorities all over the world.
I do not dispute that Ahmadinejad did not say "wipe off the map."
The Jews who lost their land in the arab world were forced to find a new home and they did.
Getting people to cheer taking out the Israeli government does this.
&gt; I like your caricature of history.
They want to live in peace in Israel only.
...he'd nuke Israel if Israel attacked Israel?
It just shows how jews treat their own.
I thought you were talking about the U.S.
The only difference is Israel accepted the jews with open arms.
There are a lot of people in Iran.
If Jews want to live in Israel is can't be at cost of  Muslim, Christian.
Sounds like what Hillary said about Iran too.
The majority of Israelis don't even agree with you.
&gt; Overthrowing the Israeli government is very very very far from "destroying Israel".
In both Israel and the Arab world people were kicked out of/ left their homes on both sides.
Who asked Hillary "what would you do if Iran nuked Israel"?
&gt; I prefer option #2.
&gt; And you preferred them to be treated like Palestinians today?
&gt; What is clear is that you have no problem with the what is happening to Palestinians.
The need for a Jewish state is based on this as well as the treatment in the christian world.
I don't think anyone is disputing that there is no love lost between the governments of Israel and Iran.
If you don't want to believe what was said, that's fine.
&gt; No I believe in a two state system back to the '67 borders.
But Zionism wants to do onto Palestinians what no one else could do to Jews.
&gt; No, he called for regime change, not "destruction" of anything.
You can have your opinion about what I do or don't have issues with.
Like stating that you support terrorists.
I am pro-Israel, YOU are anti-Israel by what you say.
At the time of its creation it did the same to the Jews who lived in Arab world.
&gt; No, I just don't put blame squarely on Israel.
The Arabs started fleeing Israel during the '48 war which was started by the Arabs (This is not to say that Israel had nothing to do with this fleeing).
Ahmedinejad wants to see the political collapse of Israel.
not at all you stated:

&gt;  I prefer to believe in his translation of the Farsi and NOT the one provided by the media.
Zionism has been doing all it can to get the Jewish population in the world to migrate to Israel.
The stated intent of Israel is protection.
I say equality is that the same occur on both sides.
I never used the "wiped off the map" canard
2.
I want a 2 state system back to the 67 borders, but Israel needs assurance that attacks will stop.
&gt; It is not the "attacks" by home made "missiles"that Israel is concern about.
The only ethnic cleansing going on is the ethnic cleansing of the jews out of arab lands in 1948.
And I guess you would get a different response from Obama?
&gt; If are you claims Jews have suffered a lot then you should be for it.
Why does the US need to do anything?
This is still going on?
Damn right they can nuke Iran themselves.
Not to mention the "one storm" which Ahmadinejad said would destroy Israel.
Recently Iran and Israel have said the same thing ... if they are attacked, they will attack back.
&gt; Israeli government gone

Is not the same as "no more jewish state".
I mean, on the one hand, Hillary could actually back up the threat with nukes.
Overthrowing the Israeli government is very very very far from "destroying Israel".
This is the whole point.
I like your caricature of history.
ISrael should not be judged on how they treated jews who were kicked out of their homes, but this fact should not be used against them either.
&gt; I see equality means European Jews deport Palestinians from their homeland and others take them in.
&gt; only in the eyes of someone who wants to demonize the israelis

This is interesting.
The Likudniks don't want want to wipe anyone out.
"According to Cole, "Ahmadinejad did not say he was going to 'wipe Israel off the map' because no such idiom exists in Persian".
The president of Iran planned to nuke Iran if Iran attacked Israel?
You would prefer that option.
And you preferred them to be treated like Palestinians today?
I do the same to anyone making arab or Islam slurs.
I object to this translation of what he said on two grounds.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.10
