Original Response:
Fucking sand-savages.
When is it going to end? 

When willthese savages/cowards start killing themselves instead of forcing women and children to be their martyrs.
No, it's the US foreign policy to squarely take the blame.
When the West stops fucking around with the East.

That would be a good first step towards some semblance of stability.
thats a joke right?
[deleted]
[deleted]
When the shining example of your racism shows them the way to a better tomorrow.
Unfortunately, that's not a joke.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_policy_of_the_United_States#Criticisms
soooo US foreign policy makes sick middle eastern people blow up little girls? In other words, the crazy Muslim had no choice but to blow up a little girl? The US Foreign Policy did this? No, a sick twisted man, interpreting a twisted religion caused this. I don't care what a USER EDITABLE article says.
The most important task ahead of us is keeping these savages far, far fucking away.

That is all.
I do care what a user editable article says; United States foreign policy is completely responsible for the instability in the middle east.

However, US foreign policy does not make anyone strap bombs to children and force them to be suicide bombers. That is just sick, and the only one to blame is those directly responsible for the act.
&gt;When willthese savages/cowards start killing themselves instead of forcing women and children to be their martyrs[?]

"When the West stops fucking around with the East."

Am I the only person that thinks this response is totally nuts? Seriously.
Perhaps you could say that if an adult had done this.  But an adult did not - they had a 8 year old child do it.

The fault rests completely on those who used a 8 year old as a weapon.
Is this more shocking than when the Israeli Occupation Forces kill a kid in Palestine?  Or when the Amerikan Imperial Occupation Forces kill a kid in Iraq or Afghanistan?

It's not less shocking, to be sure.
Are you totally NUTS?
Are you?
This was not a suicide. This was a double murder.

"The bomb was detonated by remote control." They probably didn't even tell the girl that she was about to be hurt. Totally sick.

Reporting this as a suicide is sick too.
My racism ? How am I being racist by condemning a human that would KILL an innocent child to further their political/ideological/racist/religous agenda?
Well said.
&gt; When is it going to end?

Probably when we stop killing these children's parents.
lol, "Ameri*k*an"
&gt;these savages/cowards

You were making blanket accusations.
i think organic was referring to the savages/cowards that perpetrated this pathetic/evil act.
Heh, I know its kinda inappropriate for the somber article, but I first opened the link and saw the back of the soldiers helmet and thought "BOBA FETT!!!!" thats just the kind of thing he's do.
Really? They wouldn't do this if we were gone? I don't like us being over there AT ALL but you have to admit this mentality existed long before we cluster f-ed the country.

These are the same people that slice open their kids heads for a religious holiday.
Not at all those other savages/cowards are just as pathetic.
Why should anyone be surprised? The people who are fighting come from a society and religion that teaches that women are worthless except for birthing more males. It comes as no surprise that a female child would be worth even less. 

It simultaneously makes me want to weep and makes me angry as hell.
Fucking disgusting..and whats worse is that they probably still getting more monsters that would do things like that to their cause.
Would you rather me call them Heroes or Great people? Would I then be racist or just stupid? What do you call the men who convince/force a young child to strap a bomb onto themselves and kill other innocent people? How are these men not cowards? If they believed in what they were doing then they would do it themselves not have a child do it for them.
It's always racist if you're a white person or an American and you're talking about a brown person. 

Get with the program.
Nope. The west has nothing to do with it. The society and religion that condones this sort of thing is to blame. 

I do not weep for the fall of this kind of culture.
On Reddit, we don't believe in Islam being bad ANYWHERE. Sorry.
Exactly! They never did this kind of thing before the US started killing their parents! 

-Use some critical thinking skills buddy.
[deleted]
When I showed this to a friend of mine, he asked "What is an 8 yr old girl going to do with 66 virgins?"
[deleted]
[citation needed]
I'll bet the dirty devil American soldiers raped her corpse pieces afterwards, too.  DISGUSTING.
This is not a result of Islam.  We faced the same thing in Vietnam.  It has more to do with the behaviors of an insurgency or guerrilla war.
A child? come on WTF!!!
As opposed to Christianity, which specifies that you must not beat your slaves so hard that they actually die (but beating them hard enough so they're injured for a few days is fine.)

Oh and raping your female slaves is completely fine as well, according to Christianity.

If you want to say all major religions are evil, I'll stand with you.  If you want to play 'my religion is better than their religion' then you're just a delusional fuck.
Ameri*can't*.
8 year old dude...8 year olds...time to pull the troops, this is getting beyond fucked up.
I must protest the title, which is just the first line of the article.

It's not important in the least who she was used to kill.  It was a child, and that's what is important.
wtf?
Michael Corleone: I saw a strange thing today. Some rebels were being arrested. One of them pulled the pin on a grenade. He took himself and the captain of the command with him. Now, soldiers are paid to fight; the rebels aren't.

Hyman Roth: What does that tell you?

Michael Corleone: It means they could win.
There are tens of thousands of innocent children who have been killed by US troops as well.  I note nobody gives a fuck about those ones, because that would mean admitting that the US is a HORRIFICALLY FUCKING EVIL country, that engages in wholesale slaughter for convenience.

It's a bad time to be a child in Iraq.
"thats just the kind of thing he's do."

*Angry Face*

GRAMMAR GRAMMAR GRAMMAR
I'm just citing the Bible.

If you want to sit around saying how evil the Koran is, you should at least recognize that your own "great book" is full of pure, unvarnished evil.
"An eight-year-old girl strapped with explosives has blown up and killed an Iraqi army captain."

No. An eight-year-old girl strapped with explosives WAS USED to blow up and kill an Iraqi army captain.
so how many bombings a month were in Iraq before we invaded?
**Hahahaha owned.**
Kinda puts "Am I being detained?" into perspective, doesn't it?
At least Christians don't beat and rape their slaves, at least none I've heard of in the last forever.

Meanwhile, we still hear about these atrocities from that corner of the world.
Which passage is that? I have read a zillion times the first book and I can't remember :)
This is what happens when you've taken everything from a country. At this moment, they are showing that there isn't anything left to take from them...
nope.  it's islam.
Probably.
http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/sophism
Simple question for all the islamaphobes.  Show me where it says this shit is allowed in Islam.  Now you can find a fuckload of free translations of the Koran all over the fucking Internet.

So find that shit, copypasta that shit or just the shut the fuck up.

Or keep on talking out of your ass....
i understand that Reddit has become a bastion for left wing nutjobs, but you sir take the cake.
the viet cong were muslims.  go read your history.

&lt;/scsm&gt;
No, this is not common.
I've never read the book, but it's from the film of The Godfather Part II.
The west has nothing to do with it? Come on, this religion is present is many countries, and there is a long story of peace in these ones.
not trying to be dickish here....


but yeah, they were muslim.  but they were dickhead extremist killers as well.

and i think that's what is most important.

when a christian kills someone, nobody puts the word christian in the headlines.
It's from Part II, they are talking about Cuba.
I don't think the eight-year-old planned it either.
Note that the verses you are referring to are more specifically from the Judaic faith.  Christianity was/is a cult that simply cherry picked the parts it liked from Judaism, and those things you refer to aren't generally regarded as ok.
Just a question: why would we believe that this story is actually true? Because it is in a newspaper?

If you believe what you read in newspapers, sourced to "US Soldiers" or "Iraqi soldiers" etc., then you will believe that the US forces only kill "militants" or "Al Qaeda". Or there was the case of the "mentally ill" suicide bombers a while back (as it turned out, they were not mentally ill).

People just don't seem to be taking this article for what it is: a thinly paraphrased dispatch, from a warzone, by an organization with a fully-developed propaganda operation. *I'm not saying this story is false*, only that it can not be assumed to be true.
Who said the bible is scooby111's "great book"? Maybe he is an atheist. Bashing Islam does not make one a Christian.
&gt;*when a christian kills someone, nobody puts the word christian in the headlines*

Well...if Christians were blowing up 8 year-old girls *in the name of Christianity*, that fact probably would be in the headlines, don't you think?
[Do you happen to be white?](http://stuffwhitepeoplelike.wordpress.com/2008/05/12/99-grammar/)
that's probably because the christian's not shouting 'god is great!' (allahu akbar) when he's killing.
&gt;*This is not a result of Islam*

Islam seems to have *something* to do with it, don't you think? After all, the people doing the blowing-up here clearly think so.
No, there are more stupid people on reddit.
&gt;*tens of thousands of innocent children who have been killed by US troops*

Really? When did the US kill *tens of thousands* of children?
That was certainly a new low. Uncalled for.
Since when were religions races? Maybe you should look up the definition of the word because using it.
The difference being we don't murder children on purpose jackass.
There's been instability in the middle east longer than there's been an America. The inter tribal and inter country fighting has been going on for a thousand years and more.

American policy has made some things worse of course, but it's a fallacy to say that it's "completely responsible for the instability".
[deleted]
[deleted]
You don't think the violent overthrow and foreign occupation has something to do with it?  I never read about someone strapping bombs to an 8 year old in the worst days of Saddam Hussein's three decade reign of terror, through the Iran-Iraq war or anyplace else in Iraq's history...how can you suggest this is the society and religion's fault for condoning it?

It only took five years of US military occupation to convince these people that a double murder with child victims is 'acceptable losses.'

edit: Or the bomber [wasn't really 8](http://reddit.com/info/6jd6d/comments/c040e7j).
It was probably an honor killing carried out by her father.
Ok:

&gt;*O believers, take not Jews and Christians as friends; they are friends of each other. Those of you who make them his friends is one of them*

and

&gt;*Fight against them until idolatry is no more and Allah's religion reigns supreme*

and

&gt;*Make war on the unbelievers and the hypocrites. Be harsh with them*
Oh really?  So killing children out of indifference is better?
How about when Christian extremists are blowing up and killing the innocent employees of a Family Planning Clinic?  Would that 

&gt;probably be in the headlines...?

As a matter of fact, it wouldn't.

Or perhaps when Christian extremists are picketing gay funerals? 

Or maybe when they are refusing condoms and educational funds for Africa to help stop the unending (and in some ways much worse suffering than suicide bombing) spreading of HIV?

Or perhaps when Christian extremists promote abstinence only education to teens despite clear evidence that it is an ineffective policy that instead causes untold, long and drawn out suffering?

Do the Headlines ever mention Christian extremists?  I don't think so.

Two different kinds of evil.  One is hideous and instant.  The other, long drawn out with lots of protracted suffering.  Seems about the same to me BUT we can hate the islamic extremists because, well its easy to and they look different.
"Praise JESUS!!!" followed by an explosion would definitely make the news.
Where do you think the virgins come from?
Good point.  I love how the immediate Reddit reaction to Iraq-related news is to scream atrocities regarding Islam and the Middle-Eastern subject.  Good to know someone has their critical thinking skills intact when reading the headlines these days -- because the press has definitely become a puppet of the military.
Good, now put it all in context and let the real games begin.  Plus, you forgot to cite the verses and all that other shit.
Oh, ok you didn't ask me to do that, did you. Could I cite some Hadith too, then we can have a nice chat about the Religion of Peace.
Yeah they all say it but only some do it.
They sure did do some cherry picking and **chose** to include those very bits in their version of the old testament.  If its not part of christianity why bother to put it in the christian bible?
I suspect the validity of the information.
Well, when you do the rest of that we'll see what happens.
There were no children bombs in WWII being used by an western power.

Including Germany.

Hitler Youth don't count.

To the best of my knowledge.
Don't worry.  He has no clue what he's talking about.  That's why it sounds so ridiculous (because it is).
And since Dr. Mengle hasn't, in like forever, conducted any hideous experiments on innocent victims I suppose that makes all modern Nazis ok?  They still do evil, just in different ways.
The same happened in Vietnam. Damn those Islamic Viet Cong!
Religion and/or politics aside.... I hope all immigration (even visits) from the middle east is cut off and all military operations are retreated.
Too bad the trend didn't continue to Vietnam.
Who said anything about religion?  Maybe you should work on your reading comprehension.
I think you should do a little research and find out exactly who the people are before you fly off at the mouth and denigrate a whole region for the actions of a subset.
I'd say they convinced themselves. 
The only things you have to do to not be killing my U.S. military is:

1. Don't shoot at the U.S. Military

2. Don't associate with people that would shoot at the U.S. Military.

Those seem like pretty simple rules to me.
I'm for Peace. I wish more people were.
In your first example, they usually are referred to as Christian extremists.
[deleted]
I don't understand the connection between the people doing the blowing up and Islam?  Seems much more likely that Islam is being exploited to control people into doing what others desire.  Sort of like when the Christians burnt up a lot of witches or perhaps chased the Jews about Europe.  Or perhaps when the american people were manipulated by patriotism into thinking that when some Saudi Nationals killed 5000 americans it was a good idea to invade Iraq and kill 10's of thousands innocents.
"Onward Christian Soldiers, marching on to war. With the cross of Jesus, going on before."

What's the difference? Can we agree all religion is inherently evil?
What muslims do it to "condition their wives" in the household, your culture does it through advertising and the media.
Um, what? Do you not know that the majority of suicide bombers are male? Now say some other baseless claims to support the new evidence.
It's not Islam according to the Koran any more than it is those who preach Islam claiming it is according to the Koran.  The Koran cannot be understood, you need a preacher sufficiently skilled in psychology to convince people that the Koran speaks through him.

A legit preacher would say nothing but recite  Koran passages verbatim and not take questions afterwards unless there is a verse he can read from the book that answers it.  People who can read the Koran have no reason to listen to a preacher.
Actually, that's Shiites who do the head slicing/self mutilation.  It sounds like these attacks were carried out by a Sunni group from the location of it.
I'm so sorry that you are gravely misinformed about women in Islam.  Women in Muslim societies had rights of ownership and financial independence hundreds of years before western women could own a piece of property. And please, read what the Muslims have to say about the rights of women in Islam, no what people think are the rights of women in Islam.
[deleted]
Thanks, I'll have to use this word in the future!
How many suicide bombings did Iraq have when Saddam was ruling?
good
An unreformed, violent, millenarian Religion has something to do with it.
So this was a common occurrence under Saddam?
&gt;*I don't understand the connection between the people doing the blowing up and Islam?*

Well, one obvious connection is the *declaration of exactly such a connection* by the people doing the blowing-up.

&gt;*Sort of like when the Christians burnt up a lot of witches*

Well...it's true, the Bible does suggest that witches should be killed. And we in the West have rejected such a literal injunction, don't do it any more, and would be appalled if a Western Christian cited *religion* as a justification.

So why are you not just as appalled when a Muslim does something like that? 

Is it just your racism of low expectations?
Do you know how many 8 year olds and younger have died already as the result of the war from both sides? It has been beyond fucked up ever since it started.
Sickening is all that needs to be said.
hey,hows life in Iraq?
[deleted]
Maybe. We wouldn't know due to the press restrictions. I don't imagine culturally they would change that much in under 6 years.
Much better than strapping a bomb to one for no other reason than the fact she has two legs and can walk to the target and follow simple instructions.

The people looking after that girl were about as indifferent towards her as I am to stepping on a cockroach.

Both sides are clearly defined...

On one side you have people who target the enemy by strapping bombs onto retarded people and children and detonate them by remote control hoping to take out an enemy target.  The more collateral damage the better.

On the other side you have people who target the enemy with guided missiles designed to reduce collateral damage.  The less collateral damage the better.
In his second example, they usually mention that the group has ties to  a specific church or pastor.
Such benevolence, they don't murder children on purpose but by accident. How kind of you.
Two questions in my mind.  First, is this story true?  There has been enough 
misinformation out of Iraq already.  Second, is there any linkage between the bombing and al Qaeda?  The article does not mention any.  What it does, however, is: after stating that the bomb went off near Youssifiyah, the article moves on to an unrelated story, that there is a major offensive going on against al Qaeda in Mosul.  I suspect that this was done on purpose, to create an impression that the bombing was carried out by al Qaeda.

The article may indeed be true and al Qaeda may have committed the bombing, and it would not change my view of al Qaeda much (I already think they are horrible).  But, I think it's irresponsible for the press to accuse al Qaeda in the absence of evidence.   Now, if someone else had done it to get al Qaeda to be blamed, this would not be the first time that the UK press was fooled by eagerness or its own prejudice.
&gt;*Or perhaps when Christian extremists are picketing gay funerals?*

Westboro Baptist Church? The Rev Phelps is usually described as a *Reverend* isn't he? And this story on the BBC makes it clear doesn't it?

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/7072404.stm

I think you're argument's straining because of your relativism. 


&gt;*Or maybe when they are refusing condoms and educational funds for Africa*

Then they're wrong, in my opinion. But you simply can't equate that with the act of blowing up a bomb, remotely, strapped to an unwitting child?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Has anyone bothered to fact-check this story?



&gt; US soldiers confirmed that a young girl was involved in the attack

http://uk.news.yahoo.com/skynews/20080514/twl-girl-eight-in-iraq-suicide-bombing-3fd0ae9.html


**VS**


&gt; The American military was unable to confirm that a child was involved in the attack. 

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iraq/1955517/Girl,-8,-sent-on-Iraq-suicide-bombing-mission.html


**VS**


&gt; A military spokeswoman said the girl was between 16 and 18 years old. Seven Iraqi soldiers were also wounded in the attack, the military said.

http://www.reuters.com/article/gc05/idUSYAT46111020080514

**VS**


&gt; US soldiers originally said an eight-year-old girl was used in the attack, which took place near Youssifiyah, south of the capital, Baghdad.

&gt; But the US army now believes the girl was around 16-years-old.

http://www.myfoxspringfield.com/myfox/pages/News/Detail?contentId=6538573&amp;version=1&amp;locale=EN-US&amp;layoutCode=TSTY&amp;pageId=3.4.1


Edit:  Why on Earth would anyone want to mod this comment down?  The mind boggles...
I don't know how many have been killed but I'm sure you would agree that they have killed more than the insurgents. Or perhaps not, but we started this war for no apparent reason. We have *smart* bombs that do kill innocent children (collateral children deaths).
i cant agree with you more...i'm just commenting on this story.
What do you mean who the people are? I know who the people are. I have Palestinian, Lebanese and many other middle eastern friends. All of whom would condemn these same people for their actions. I don't understand how I am being critical of a whole region? Did I ever single out anyone ? No I said the people who force young children to strap bombs on and kill themselves are despicable. These are people who should have never had the opportunity of life in the first place.
You don't know what you're talking about.  The US Military will shoot everyone in a marketplace if they feel threatened by one guy in the marketplace.  Therefore to avoid being killed by the US military, all you have to do is be invisible all the time and never in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Not only are you not providing any context, you make a huge leap from these statements to blowing up 8 year old girls by remote control.  

"Fight" != Detonate 8 year old girls.  Neither does "Make war".  

Fighting against someone can mean a lot of things (i.e. "Friends don't let friends drive drunk.") but your clever, predictable lack of context doesn't really help us here now does it?
Exactly.  That would be logical though.  Only the true fundamentalists believe and follow it all because their innate and modern (enlightenment derived) senses of right and wrong prevent them.  So they just gloss over it with a whiff of, "Oh well those passages were because of the time they were living in..." or some such rot.
http://reddit.com/info/6jd6d/comments/c040e7j
Of course as an ignorant American, you have not heard of Haditha killings.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haditha_killings

The Haditha killings (also called the Haditha incident or the Haditha massacre) refers to the incident where 24 Iraqi men, women and children were killed on November 19, 2005 in Haditha, a city in the western Iraq province of Al Anbar. At least 15 of those killed were **noncombatant** civilians and all were killed by a group of United States Marines. **Most of the responsible marines were cleared off the charges, only one of them is waiting for trial.**

There is even a movie based on these events.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0870211/
&gt;A **teenaged girl blew herself up** outside an Iraqi army post south of Baghdad on Wednesday, killing one soldier, the U.S. military said.
A military spokeswoman said **the girl was between 16 and 18 years old**. Seven Iraqi soldiers were also wounded in the attack, the military said.

http://uk.news.yahoo.com/rtrs/20080514/tpl-uk-iraq-suicide-teenager-43a8d4f.html

Edit: Sky News belongs to Murdoch.

Here is a sample:

http://youtube.com/watch?v=6Cy8OSY9UeU&amp;feature=related
Makes one question the truthfulness of the rest of the story, doesn't it?
&gt;*your clever, predictable lack of context*

Oh, what context do you need? You and I both know that Islamist terrorists cite the Koran and Hadith and various fatwas in support of their murders. As there isn't a *Pope* or a single authority in Islam, it's of interest that the religion lends itself to such extreme positions, wins plenty of adherents, and is hardly unreservedly condemned by the mainstream.

Or had all this passed you by?
Umm.... no. 

Christianity: "Turn the other cheek."
Islam: "O Prophet! Make war against the unbelievers [all non-Muslims] and the hypocrites and be merciless against them. Their home is hell, an evil refuge indeed." (Koran, 9:73)"

Christianity: "Love thy neighbor."
Islam: "When you meet the unbelievers in jihad [holy war], chop off their heads. And when you have brought them low, bind your prisoners rigorously. Then set them free or take ransom from them until the war is ended." (Koran, 47:4)


That you cannot see the difference is frightening. I'll agree that all religions can be twisted to fit a specific evil agenda, but many religions preach love, tolerance, and peace. Islam has some of those elements in it but it also definitely preaches other less wholesome things.
I would argue that they would change drastically in that many years of war. Five years might seem short, but they are in the middle of a war that has killed a significant amount of their population. So would you say the same for Vietnam?  

Also, this (using children as suicide bombers, or even the practice of suicide bombing) was unheard of (in Iraq) before the war in Iraq, so the answer is a resounding no to my question. I didn't think you would answer it incorrectly.
[deleted]
Rushing to accept the import of the original headline says it all.
&gt;*I don't know how many have been killed*

Right, but I was asking when the US killed *tens of thousands* of children.

As you say, you haven't got a clue. Neither have I.

&gt;*We have smart bombs that do kill innocent children*

Yup. Children die in every war. I'm not opposed to war though, are you?
The Crusades had nothing to do with Christianity because Genghis Khan did the same thing.
Then use those as an example. Don't bring up something that happened such a considerable amount of time in the past if you're trying to show that Christianity is bad NOW.
No, religion isn't inherently evil.  People are inherently evil and use religion as a justification.

Some people use religion to better themselves, other use it to destroy others.
Not really.  It should make one question the intelligence of the average redditor though.
So are you suggesting that all the civilians killed in Iraq were killed by guided missiles?  Not that it makes any difference to the person getting killed.
Nowhere in the report does it say they did it in the name of Islam.  Don't you think they are trying to expel the American armed forces as opposed to spreading their religion?
That's a very dishonest comparison. You are cherry picking irrelevant parts for invalid comparisons. 

For every single one of your pro-Christian verses, I am 100% certain there are similar verses in the Koran. And for each of the nasty Muslim ones I know that I personally could find equally heinous parts in the bible. Leviticus would be a good place to start.
&gt; An eight-year-old girl strapped with explosives has blown up and killed an Iraqi army captain.
&gt; 
&gt; The bomb was detonated by remote control, injuring four soldiers in addition to the one who died, an Iraqi Army spokesman said.

Was this article written by an 8 year old? It reads like a children's book. No literary quality at all. If fact, I've never read a blog so poorly written.
Thanks, but in full disclosure, I do happen to be a Christian. 

I also think that the new testament was set to supersede and override the old testament. The messages of love, peace and understanding replace the old testament. The old testament is included as a "holy book" as a historical record, not a rigid set of rules. IMO.
He's not going to give context or any of that shit because he knows that'll only make him look like a moron.

Soupson has an opportunity here to bring out his views of Islam, but instead he posts the same quotes everyone else does, doesn't use any context or cite the verses/passages teh quotes from and uses the same "well if these guys are doing it in the name of islam I suppose all muslims are like this" mentality.

Plain, and simple, he's being a pussy.  Let him be one for the rest of his life because it's impossible for a pussy to grow a pair.
They are, but we call it collateral. And what's even more disturbing is those deaths are backed by the government of the US and not some crazy religious sect.

People are dying in Iraq and the blame lies squarely on the US. Blame the Muslims all you like, but I certainly don't see this happening with the Muslims in the US or Europe leading me to believe that it has little to do with religion and everything to do with environment the US has created.
nothing can be assumed to be true . . . there is no spoon.
[deleted]
Nobody's blowing anyone up *in the name of Christianity*.
Oh?
Now it seems that the most sensational part of the story is not true.  The girl was probably 16 to 18.  While it does not make the story any less tragic, it makes one question the truthfulness of the rest of the story.
[deleted]
This post deserves special mention as the dumbest post of the day.
&gt;I have Palestinian, Lebanese and many other middle eastern friends.

Please.

&gt;No I said the people who force young children to strap bombs on and kill themselves are despicable. 

&gt;these savages/cowards

That may very well have been your intent, but your words did not convey that intent.

&gt;These are people who should have never had the opportunity of life in the first place.

There you go again.
I disagree. People don't use religion to better themselves, it's a selfish play to get into heaven. In Christianity for example, the idea of a judgemental all-seeing god is very clear. It is the fear of god that drives most believers. 

This doesn't count for everyone of course. A good judge of character is how they treat charity. If they provide genuine help they are good people. But if they use it to evangelise then it misses the point IMHO and is in many ways unethical. You wouldn't want casinos praying on the affected, would you? Imagine if they turned up at a disaster with bread and roulette tables!
No, you missed the point completely.  The point is, when Iraqi insurgents kill kids, it's calculated, deliberate and it fills them with pride to do so.  The same cannot be said for the other side.

For example, the Americans wouldn't place a kid next to the front door during an important meeting in an attempt to thwart an attack because for one, such an act is considered repulsive, and second it wouldn't make a difference anyway.

On the other side of the table, Iraqi insurgents "would" put a kid next to the front door to thwart an attack because for one, such an act comes natural to them, and second it seems to work.
Look at an alternative reality where Saddam (ignoring for a moment that timeline is hardly pristine http://www.google.com/search?q=saddam+hussein+CIA ) is still in power.

Do you think that timeline is preferable to the current clusterfuck? Yes or no?
The catch-all defense of "you don't know what you're talking about."

Ahh, to be 12 again.
Oh give me a break.  Just because the American murderers and child-killers sit behind their ultra-clean cockpits and murder from a distance doesn't give them any moral altitude to judge others.  The fact of the matter is, the only reason these people are so desperate to wage war this way, is because America simply has not given them any other choice.  

Technological might does not equate to moral altitude especially when the result is the same: dead mothers, fathers, and children!  America has the blood of *plenty* of 8 year old girls on its hands.
[deleted]
The interesting thing about this is that they claim that she's 16-18 years old.  Assuming they have a good reason for believing that, then it's possible that this girl was 18.  If that is the case then you can't really call her a "child".  And then I suppose in many people's eyes this would be a non-story.
Redditor A:The American soldiers have killed more than 100,000 people in Iraq,which means Christians have killed 100,000 people ! 

Redditor B: Religion has nothing to do with it,those were just soldiers fighting for their country.

Redditor A: But aren't the Iraqis too fighting for their country?

Redditor B: Hell,No! They are MUSLIMS!, they are inherently violent creatures brainwashed by ISLAM, we might kill another 100,000 of them but eventually they'll have their freedom which is good for them,but they never understand this, rebellious bastards!

/Sarcasm
Why wouldn't Hitler Youth count? They were children, many of whom were brainwashed to sacrifice their lives in defense of the Fatherland during the last gasps of the Third Reich.
What hasn't passed me by is the fact that people cite some form of authority in countless ways to justify their actions good, bad or extreme.  (i.e. pre-emptive military incursions that have killed tens of thousands of non-combatants by some estimates)

Seems rather convenient (I'd say just plain ignorant) to single out a few fanatical adherents and claim this so-called predisposition.

If Muslims are so truly predisposed to this fanaticism because it is an inherent property of their religion as you claim, why are we not seeing more acts of terrorism (suicide bombings and the like) occur in the U.S.?  Why not more in Europe?

Or are you going to tell me, "Just you wait...it's inevitable given their religion that lacks an authority figure."?
**Hahaha owned**
Don't be so ignorant.  The US Military is *not* an honorable institution, by any stretch of the imagination.  Specious glory cast at it from its supportive society is irrelevant to the  Iraqi families whose lives are being destroyed, daily, by the criminal US war machine!

Down with American Imperialism!  Down with American self-superiority!
Jesus - "If anyone comes to me and does not hate his father and mother, his wife and children, his brothers and sisters—yes, even his own life—he cannot be my disciple." (Luke.14:26)

Jesus - "But those enemies of mine who did not want me to be king over them—bring them here and kill them in front of me." (Luke 19:27)

Jesus - "Do not suppose that I have come to bring peace to the earth. I did not come to bring peace, but a sword." (Matthew 10:34)

"If anyone curses his father or mother, he must be put to death. He has cursed his father or his mother, and his blood will be on his own head." (Leviticus 20:9)

"If a man happens to meet a virgin who is not pledged to be married and rapes her and they are discovered, he shall pay the girl's father fifty shekels of silver. He must marry the girl, for he has violated her. He can never divorce her as long as he lives." (Deuteronomy 22:28-29)

"women should remain silent in the churches. They are not allowed to speak, but must be in submission, as the Law says. If they want to inquire about something, they should ask their own husbands at home; for it is disgraceful for a woman to speak in the church." (1 Corinthians 14:34-35)

"Do not withhold discipline from a child; if you punish him with the rod, he will not die." (Proverbs 23:13-14)

"Now kill all the boys. And kill every woman who has slept with a man, but save for yourselves every girl who has never slept with a man." (Numbers 31:17-18)


Fuck you sheeple
[deleted]
I don't understand the connection between the people doing the blowing up and Islam?  Seems much more likely that Islam is being exploited to control people into doing what others desire.  Sort of like when the Christians burnt up a lot of witches or perhaps chased the Jews about Europe.  Or perhaps when the american people were manipulated by patriotism into thinking that when some Saudi Nationals killed 5000 americans it was a good idea to invade Iraq and kill 10's of thousands innocents.
And I've downvoted you accordingly.
[deleted]
Yes, actually I am opposed to war. I know that it is sometimes a necessary evil, but never the less I oppose it. I also think that everything else should be exhausted when going in to war, and the only time one should go to war is when another has started it.
I'm going to stop now because you have no argument nor have you said anything useful. You have attempted to say I'm a racist because I think people that force children to wear bombs and blow themselves along with innocent people don't deserve to live. And if thinking that people who do that is racist then I guess I am.
Well at least the sensationalist headline got all the bigots to scurry out from under the refrigerator like cockroaches to spew their hate. 

Ewww, here comes another one!!
What would you do if you were being fired on from a crowd? Stand there?

I would put the blame on the person that was using a crowd to provide cover for themselves.

You had a good point though, Rule 2 must be amended:

1, Don't shoot at the U.S. Military

2, Don't associate, by relationship or proximity, with people that would shoot at the U.S. Military.
PRECISELY. You may whine all you want, but you ALL know wackos blowing up abortion clinics are RARE. Christianity has had strong ties with the Western values for CENTURIES. 

Now compare that to a culture/religion that thinks BLOWING UP LITTLE GIRLS STRAPPED WITH BOMBS or STONING MEN AND WOMEN TO DEATH is just the normal/expected thing to do.

Oh, you still think they're the same? All I have to say is "WTF".
I blame Tony Blair.
Your assumption seems to be that if these people were of another religion, they would not stoop to such acts.  I cannot agree with this assumption.
Down with commie bastards like you!
I agree with that, however, they have a policy of accentuating problems when it benefits them.  In this case it doesn't seem to be benefiting as much as it should be.
&gt;Well, one obvious connection is the declaration of exactly such a connection by the people doing the blowing-up.

Shhh, they are just trying to confuse us...
I hope the perpetrators all rot in hell for this.
True. But you're missing the fact we don't have the blood of OUR 8-year-olds in our hands in this war.

On the other hand, they don't give a flying fuck about their own children. Specially if they are unfortunate enough to be born female.
An accident is a hell of a lot different then sending a 8 year old girl in with a remote explosive strapped to her chest.
7 wounded and 1 dead in your teenaged girl article.

4 wounded and 1 dead in the 8-year old.
"Stuff happens."
HAS THE WHOLE WORLD GONE CRAZY?  AM I THE ONLY ONE HERE WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE RULES?
I LOL'd.
&gt;*I know that it is sometimes a necessary evil, but never the less I oppose it.*

Utterly confusing.

&gt;*and the only time one should go to war*

But I thought you said you were opposed to it...?


&gt;*Is when another has started it.*

So, Britain against Germany, WWII. Should we have gone to war?
I don't think you've realized it, but you're answering your own question.
You make it sound so nice, accident. You are using a bomb which blows people up, and you say it is an accident? You have the F-16s and tanks, which your enemy doesn't, so you have no need for such things.
I don't believe Murdoch's Sky News. Googled the stuff and there weren't two girls doing this on Wednesday or antytime recently.
communist viet cong who were going to turn the whole us of a into a rice paddy. damn i hate standing in water all day.
I agree with you that US policies make things worse. The US made Bin Laden when we trained him and gave him weapons during the Russia/Afghan war. The US made Hussain when we gave him chemical weapons to use against Iran.

But those fights would have been fights whether the US was involved or not. Iran hates Iraq, The Sunni's hate the Shiites. etc.

The US is to blame for some stunning foreign policy failures in the gulf, and fanning the flames of war when it suits. But you can't lay the blame entirely on the US.
Best comment so far.
Actually we entered the war after being attacked, so I don't see a problem with that. Also, one can consider it a direct threat if an ally is attacked, so again I would say we were justified.
Your posts are filled with love, peace, and understanding.
Ethnic albanians commited muslim genocide in the Balkans in the '90s. Recent enough?
Moral of the story: Kill with style and elan - the way Americans do, never kill the cheap and gross way muslims do!
The internet.
Dora the Exploder?
&gt; 8-yr-old girl strapped with explosives has blown up


Did they find the vagina ?
There are always other factors in everything.

I agree that it was wrong to say *completely*, but you have to recognize the significant role they play..

Then again, they aren't they only one who has a big role to play in fanning the flames.
&gt; because America simply has not given them any other choice.

you hit upon the point that troubles me most about this story, that strapping bombs to 8 year-olds is a choice.  Shouldn't something like that be "off-the-table" as far as options go. I mean, what kind of person do you have to be, and how do you deal with someone who's capable of something like that?
Actually according to one Iraq war vet, he's spot on!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwwMF6biCJU
Anderson describes the escalation of violence against unarmed civilians: "In April, they told us, "In a crowded area, if one person shoots at you, kill everybody." Anderson explains the rationale from the officers: "They [members of the crowd of people] are letting them [the person or persons firing at the U.S. military] attack you. They're no longer innocent if they're there at the time of the crime..."
It is clear that a person who may or may not have been female and may or may not have been prepubescent may or may not have been involved in the bombing of an Iraqi General, or Captain, or, hell, *somebody*  whose name and rank we don't know and / or care not to relate.

but bad people did it.
Promoting abstinence causes long drawn out suffering?  Really grabbing at straws here, aren't we.

Edit:  I now see where I went wrong.
[deleted]
It's true, at least in some countries. Each culture imparts it's own views onto the muslim religion, including female rights. In some countries women are treated like property, in others they have basically the same rights as men.

There is no one "islamic position on treatment regarding women." 

There is no head of a unified Islamic religion, ala the pope, to codify what muslims should believe.

Muslims speak directly to Allah, and interpret the religion personally (which is greatly iinfluenced by the culture they live in).
He's referring to STDs people can get when they don't learn about safe sex and birth control and are instead taught that they'll go to hell.
actually it was in the headlines that they were christian extremists.
If they are fighting for their country, why didn't they use car bombs on Saddam Hussein and overthrow his government?
Hitler youth counted. They had soldiers as young as 10 years old near the end of the war.
Well, when the iraqi insurgents stop identifying themselves as shiite and sunni militia's ill give credence to your point.

In teh meantime, stop being a fucking tool.
Actually, the US kills lots of children on purpose.

When you drop bombs on towns filled with families that's murdering them on purpose.
On the one side we have some random extremist lunatic who decided to do something horrible.

On the other side, we have a whole nation of random extremist lunatics, who claim that it's somehow good that they have murdered hundreds of thousands of civilians.

It's hard to see anything but evil when I look at this nonsense.
And we didnt say "damned those individual people"  we called it as it was, the communists.

You guys need to stop being so PC it blinds you from the facts.
It's not accidental when you drop a bomb on a town.  That's purposefully deciding that you will murder all the residents of that town, including the children, because you have a political problem.

And this all in a country that didn't do shit to us to begin with.

America has so much blood on it's hands that it's amazing anybody can still be proud of it, without immediately realizing that they are inhuman monsters.
I'm not exactly sure who you are referring to.  I would consider Iraq to be a nation of random extremist lunatics.  The US only has one president.

If I had the choice of letting my daughter die accidentally or strapping a bomb on her and detonating it from a safe distance, I would probably choose "accidental death".  At least she has a chance that way.  Though I can only speak for my own morality.
[deleted]
If I was writing the headline, I certainly would put it in there.

Then again, I'm biased towards all religions that teach violence and intolerance.
I find interesting the challenge faced by investigators at such a scene. It is certainly possible, in a case like this, that before the explosion numerous witnesses saw the bomb strapped girl, recognized her as a threat, and survived to provide their account. It is also possible that security cameras caught the whole event on film. On the other hand, it is possible that there were no cameras or surviving witnesses. After a potent explosion, it would be a grisly and perhaps very difficult challenge to identify the guilty party or parties by examining the remains of the dead. Further, if such a bomb was detonated remotely, there might be some uncertainty for investigators in determining just who and what faction was behind the attack.
Do you understand the difference between picketing and murdering?  You present the two as morally equivalent.  In picketing, even if your idea is stupid, you can be ignored and the damage you cause is small and reversible.  The victim of a murder can not ignore you, nor can you reverse the actions of a murder.
Im sorry, but if you think that strapping bombs to children is a last ditch effort then you need to just stfu and die.
um rtfa ?
you are referring to the ones saying its ok because america is evil?
Yes, this article is about one incident where an Iraqi girl was used as a suicide bomber, now do you want the statistic for male to female bombers?  

So scooby after seeing this article, writes some generalization based on one incident that is the exception.
What fact are we blind to? My suggestion is that many desperate people have done similar deeds throughout history. Their ideology has little to do with it. What are you suggesting?
im not sure, how many public executions were there?  in soccer fields?
the fact that they ARE muslim and they DO say its because allah wants them too.
You realize that in israel(whom i despise) they have been using retarded women, right?
Britain wasn't attacked. I'm in the UK. 

Now you can see the problem (not everyone lives in the US, sonny), what's your answer the question I actually asked?
Mission Accomplished.
[citation needed]

sounds to me so far to just be your generic "things are so fucked I'm willing to sacrifice some children to attack those that I perceive to be the cause".

Or do you think this guy is expecting 72 virgins from Allah?
[deleted]
&gt;Also, this (using children as suicide bombers, or even the practice of suicide bombing) was unheard of (in Iraq) before the war in Iraq, so the answer is a resounding no to my question.

Once again, Iraq didn't have much of an open press before the war. Who knows what they did beforehand. I do know that during wars people do horrible things. But I've never heard of people in occupied Europe using their children against Germany during WWII. I've never heard of Koreans doing this during the Korean War either, just to show some examples.

When a people are put under extreme duress you get to see their basest reactions. There is a incredible culture of death in this part of the world. I believe this war has only awakened it and exposed it more so.

&gt;I didn't think you would answer it incorrectly.

Wow, you sure know me...
you sure you don't mean Texas?

and soccer field executions happen in Iran not Iraq
*"In April, they told us, "In a crowded area, if one person shoots at you, kill everybody." Anderson explains the rationale from the officers: "They [members of the crowd of people] are letting them [the person or persons firing at the U.S. military] attack you. They're no longer innocent if they're there at the time of the crime..."*

Wow. It's really hard to put this kind of reasoning in the proper context without running head-on into Godwin's Law.
Oh im sorry, wrong muslim fundementalist country, forgive my ignorance.
&gt; Why wouldn't Hitler Youth count?

Because they weren't Muslim!

Haven't you been paying attention?
BSR, ive never seen you actually try to ignore something that you know is true before.
Iraq was not a fundamentalist Muslim country before 2003, just Iran

now they both are

mission accomplished
[citation needed]
Actually it was, saddam had to kiss the cleric's ass constantly.
[deleted]
um, reddit.com  that a good enough citation for you?  fucking twat.
&gt; um, reddit.com that a good enough citation for you?

Nope.

It shouldn't be that hard to find a specific example. Correction: it shouldn't be that hard to find a specific example *if they actually exist*.
&gt;Well...if Christians were blowing up 8 year-old girls in the name of Christianity, that fact probably would be in the headlines, don't you think?

She wasn't killed in the name of Islam, you moron. If it was in the name of religion they would have blown themselves up, because it's a great honor and all that.

No, she was killed because it's a war, and the army is less likely to suspect an 8 year old girl of being a bomb.

8'(
that america was evil? 
Isnt it great to make stuff up.

Im about as patriotic as they come, maybe you should spend less time thinking up emogoth names and more time reading a book.
http://reddit.com/info/6jd6d/comments/c040em1

It shouldnt be that hard, because it isnt.

If you didnt have your head up your ass you would see them, to bad you are just like the rest.
This is fucked up beyond words.  The fact that the token Athiests on here can then compare this atrocity to picketing funerals of homosexuals is a joke.  This seriously blows my mind and, frankly, tests my tolerance.  Assuming it wasn't her family that did this to the poor girl I feel awful for them.
nope, he kept fundamentalist in check, which is why Bin Laden called Saddam an Infidel.

it's hard to win a war when you don't even know your enemy
&gt; http://reddit.com/info/6jd6d/comments/c040em1

I'm sorry, I think you posted that in the wrong place. This is where you're supposed to be providing examples of comments claiming that the suicide bombing "is ok because America is evil". (An acceptable substitute would be any post suggesting that the suicide bombing is OK *for any reason*.)

An understandable mistake. I accept your apology, and look forward to another attempt.
&gt; Westboro Baptist Church? The Rev Phelps is usually described as a Reverend isn't he? And this story on the BBC makes it clear doesn't it?

Yeah, but they don't say "Christians today picketed gay funerals."  They'll say something exclusionary like "Westboro Baptist Church" and emphasize his extremism.

The issue is that many people are basing an opinion on an entire religion on the acts of a few.  Put the, lets say, 10% extremest nutjob group in a box somewhere, and you still have 90% who are regular average people.
[deleted]
except that isnt what i said.
[deleted]
PRAISE ALLAH! KILL THE CHILDREN! LET THE MESSAGE OF ISLAM BE HEARD!
UH?
Oh yeah, thanks to remind me of my duty, I am now on my way to kill my mother and my sister, and some of my aunts if I can catch them.
I imagine there have been hundreds of eight year old girls blown up by the US-led "Coalition of the Willing" with so-called smart bombs in "surgically precise strikes".  That is perhaps not such a direct exploitation of the children, but the willingness to overlook collateral damage of non-combatants is no more humane and has been accepted by US war planners on a much larger scale.
wowee...

how do they know she was 8 years old?

this sounds made up to me
It's Timothy McVeigh not The Christian Timothy McVeigh. I bet if it was some Hassan Mohammed, the word Muslim won't be far from the name.
&gt;*That is perhaps not such a direct exploitation of the children*

'Perhaps'? Of course it isn't. No question, and although you push it out there to hint it might be even you've had to withdraw the hint rapidly, in the very same sentence.

&gt;*but the willingness to overlook collateral damage of non-combatants is no more humane*

I don't believe anyone's overlooked it. I believe a calculation has been made. Of course, the majority of deaths and other violence in Iraq isn't America's doing.
The problem it's a lot of times it has nothing to do with religion, as it's happening in Palestine.
Don't worry, her handlers will make a very nice video in her honor. It's all cool. 

(example: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RP1Ta1cctoE)
Bit McVeigh didn't bomb with a *theological justification* and he didn't bomb in the name of any *religion*.

Have another go.
I was going to mention exactly what you just said.   They NEVER flat out call them christians when this happens.   They isolate the group to its smallest denominator and use that.   They do the opposite in this article and only stop at the denominator that pushes the war propoganda.
Bullshit!  You just don't get reports about the "spiritual" [aspect of US military service](http://www.sltrib.com/opinion/ci_9154638) in the mainstream corporate media unless it happens to be politically PR correct.
&gt;*are basing an opinion on an entire religion on the acts of a few*

I'm not. I'm basing it on certain stats such as, for example, the 40% of Muslims in my country who want to introduce Sharia law

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/Poll-reveals-40pc-of-Muslims-want-sharia-law-in-UK.html

and the huge proportion who want to see death for apostates (which is, after all, the agreed 'punishment' for apostasy in Islam).

It's not like I'm coming to this medieval religion fresh.

&gt;*you still have 90% who are regular average people*

25% of British Muslims have sympathy with the "feelings and motives" of the London suicide bombers. So not 90%, then, is it?
The action is Iraq is not done in the name of any religion.
Another victory against Eastasia for Oceania!  All hail!
What?
Here comes the 101st Keyboard Brigade... *snore*
&gt;I would put the blame on the person that was using a crowd to provide cover for themselves.

...and then collectively punish everyone in sight although they couldn't ALL be guilty of breaching your two simple rules?

How many NEW enemies are made every time the US indiscriminantly kills?

You cannot win any conflict by simply killing all the enemy combatants and whoever is in their immediate vicinity.  The people would cooperate with the occupying army if they were confident that the occupiers *could* reinstate security and a functioning infrastructure and *would* do it in order to restore peace and order.
Did Germany not attack the UK? If not, weren't they going to? If not that, wasn't one of their allies attacked? I think we agree in this case.
And certain world leaders claim to have been told by their deity that attacking a country that doesn't threaten us is their deity's will.  Never mind that the 1st commandment of their deity's religion is not to kill. At all.
It's hard for me to resist modding Mysticum's comment up so your reply could be more easily seen.
(citation needed)
Ignore what? The Japanese had similar suicide-attack techniques and western movies regularly use the concept of a "suicide mission" as being highly heroic. I really don't get your point here.

Where has anyone said Allah would like to use children as bomb targeting devices? This is a result of the occupation, not their culture.
I don't see how you can make such generalizations! Iraq has been going through this war, before that it was Gulf War I, and before that it was the eight year war with Iran, not to mention a brutal dictatorship for how many years?
&gt; Well...if Christians were blowing up 8 year-old girls in the name of Christianity...

And where do you think that this was in the name of Islam, rather than as part of an insurgency?
&gt; such as, for example, the 40% of Muslims in my country who want to introduce Sharia law

Oh, hello soupspoon. That wasn't 40% of all British Muslims, it was 40% of young Muslims (at a university) asked a loaded question.
[deleted]
&gt; Of course, the majority of deaths and other violence in Iraq isn't America's doing.

Ladies and Gentlemen, meet the biggest retard on the internet today. He seems to think that this would be happening *anyway*.
Neither did these guys.

Try again.

Moron.
&gt; ...militia's ill give credence to your point.

You really have no idea how apostrophes work, do you? And yes, I am being a spelling nazi, because your comment isn't worthy of any other response.
Oh I'm terribly sorry. I was under the impression that al-Qaeda was an expressly *Islamist* group.

Oh look, it is:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al-Qaeda

Go on. Have another go.
No where did I say that? I said:

&gt;*The majority of deaths and other violence in Iraq isn't America's doing*
Has the Bush regime, thus far, *ever* taken *any* option off the table?

Rest assured, if the US military lacked the superior technological might, our present leaders would be calling for people to employ several unpalatable methods to "win".  Add defending our home country to the equation, and the methods would become even more rotten.

As it stands though, Bush has caused a rain of depleted uranium, a radioactive isotope with a half-life of 4.5 Billion years, to be scattered all over Iraq and Afghanistan knowingly causing DNA mutation and birth defects in Iraqis, Afghanis and US personnel.

So tell me again how evil this isolated incident, if it even truly happened, was compared to the radioactive pollution of the middle eastern theater.
Suicide bomber lolis are hot.
Let me think of a clever response..

Apostrophes arent spelling, they are grammar related, focussing on ownership.

Oh wait, yo'ure a trol'l.  Wh' cant ar'gue with fact's becau'se it make's your head hurt.

maybe you should spend less time with the spelling book and more time with the foreign affairs book, since this whole nazi thing isnt working out for you.

BTW, you are an obama supporter, right?
Oh, ok. We just have to worry about the 2nd/3rd generation?
Have you heard of a group called al-Qaeda?

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al-Qaeda

and in Iraq:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al-Qaeda_in_Iraq

No?

You should have a read. They're an avowedly Islamist group of terrorist lunatics.
The Christian Lord's Restistance Army in Uganda were kidnapping and raping children much more recently.
&gt; Don't bring up something that happened such a considerable amount of time in the past if you're trying to show that Christianity is bad NOW.

Okay: what about the Lord's Resistance Army?
Iraq is becoming more like America; it even has has baby boomers.
[deleted]
Is raining down depleted uranium on friend and foe alike non-evil?

The ironic side of things WT, is the military that you so ardently defend, no doubt born of the military indoctrination including the appellation on duty, honor and country, would unabashedly cheat you out of everything they promised in the event you were to be wounded, traumatised or killed in the line of duty.

Face it, the values represented by this regime are not consistent with accepted military doctrine.  The top of your chain of command is guilty of multiple war crimes and the case could be made for treason.

Do you defend their actions out of reflex or are you too comfortable living in Bush's fantasyland?
WTF IS WRONG WITH THEM.

AND WHY AREN'T WE CALLING THEM ALL MEDICALLY INSANE.
&gt; Shouldn't something like that be "off-the-table" as far as options go. I mean, what kind of person do you have to be, and how do you deal with someone who's capable of something like that?

Signing up to the Additional Protocols of ther Geneva Convention od 1977 would be a start for the US when it comes to not killing 8 year old girls during conflicts. 

As it is, there are actions that the US engages in - for example the siege of Fallujah - that their partners in Iraq cannot help them with as it would be a War Crime. AP1977 has been part of International Law for long enough, and has beeen ratified by so many countries, that customary International Law requires all parties to abide by it regardless - which is why Hamas's actions by firing rockets at civilians are considered breaches, even though Hamas hasn't signed up to the Geneva Conventions.
I believe it's called the Koran.

http://www.sacred-texts.com/isl/pick/005.htm

[5.51]

http://www.sacred-texts.com/isl/pick/008.htm

[8:39]

http://www.sacred-texts.com/isl/pick/009.htm

[9:73]
&gt; when a christian kills someone, nobody puts the word christian in the headlines.

That's not exactly true, e.g. the parents who prayed instead of bringing their sick daughter to a hospital, which lead to her death, were clearly identified as christian.
I was wounded and the VA took very good care of me.  Thats actually the reason i am no longer in the military.  

There have been no war crimes, and you need to learn the definition of treason.
[deleted]
&gt; Islam seems to have something to do with it, don't you think?

Well, the people who's country was illegally invaded and occupied on a pretext were Muslim, yes; and there is no doubt that this inevitably resulted in a power struggle between the different factions that could, to an uninformed outsider, be seen as simply fracturing along religious lines. 

After all, your country has been run by the Scottish minority for the last decade. But to simply put it in those terms would be facile.
THE RULES?

By what rules have Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Rice and their enablers felt themselves constrained by?

Depleted Uranium raining down on Iraq and polluting the entire middle east for the enemy and friendlies alike.

Employing white phosphorous rounds incivilian neighborhoods.

Invading a country that had nothing to do with the attack on 911.

The rules have been laid down by the Bush regime, and they are as follows;

There ain't no rules.
I have a solution for this... maybe if someone sells them real guns, missiles, airplanes, then they will stop using 8-year olds. The problem with saying that "well, war is not good, but this is terrorism!" is that iyt fails to consider the lack of material that leads to this. 

If the only problem are the means, then arm them! Until then, the feeling of dispossession will create many situations like this, and doesn't seem very coherent to simultaneous deprive them of arms and complaining about the crude methods they use.

I say this because I fully believe that Iraq is their land and they should do as they see fit, and foreign intervention was not a good idea. They have their own culture and choices to make.

I have, by the way, the exactly same opinion in what regards Muslims in Europe, since I consider Islam incompatible with European civilisation and their immigration and conversion as something that should de stopped by any means necessary, constituting one of the gravest dangers facing Europe - and one whose failure to address will simply put an end to Europe (with the honourable exception of Eastern Europe perhaps).

As usual, I'll be cheered by half of what I said, and booed by the  - almost symmetric - other half, since it seems that respect for the identity of the peoples and their culture  stops in Constantinople.
Mainly math and physics majors.
I think you are getting confused between Iraq and Afghanistan. An easy mistake to make for somebody who drank the kool aid and thinks that Iraq and Afghanistan were in some way related.
I don't think she was 8 either.
&gt;*illegally invaded*

Illegally? Has there been a court decision about that? No?

&gt;*But to simply put it in those terms would be facile.*

Blair? Scottish? Because he went to Fettes? Jeez, you have just a crap a grasp of the UK as you do of Iraq.

You haven't replied yet about al-Qaeda?
Since i have been to both..
Did you even read his comment?  He made a statement that the Bible supports raping slaves.  How utterly ridiculous.  Is that logical when rape is a capital offense in Judaism? 

He simply had no clue what he was talking about.  You can not consider comments in a vacuum.  There are times when an appropriate response to a commenter is that he has no clue, like when he's making up gibberish.
Fucking morons! Couldn't even kill one American soldier.
&gt; saddam had to kiss the cleric's ass constantly.

You really are an ignorant troll, aren't you?
And this is related to the story... how?
[Dynecorp child kidnapping rings](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTa04c5eMuY)  (which rape AND kill children) are owned by Westerners. What makes you deny this girl was strapped by Coalition forces to keep the false flag insurgency alive and the troops in Iraq indefinitely? In his article "Seen through a Syrian lens" Robert Fisk already proved that the US blow up cars with unknowing passengers claiming they were extremists. Don't believe me? Google the fucking article!
Like I said: the sensible view goes like this:

Iraw is stable.
The US invades.
All hell breaks loose.
Lots of people die.

And this isn't America's doing... how?
And yet you cant provide any evidence to the contrary.
The religion of peace strikes again.
I know you are considered a retarded fantastist troll on reddit from reading another story earlier, so I am not going to reply to you. You are one of the most hated characters here. Change your login you fucking freak and start behaving like a normal human being.
We just have to worry about newspapers with an agenda carrying out spurious polls that they - and other idiots - can then use to forment hatred. That is the real problem, but since you are happy with the hatred part I doubt you will agree.
Because they were teenagers. Lot's of people throughout history have used people that age. Also, it wasn't "Hitlers Suicide Youth Brigade" This little girl probably didn't know what a bomb was.
I didn't know that.
Its a last ditch effort by people desperate to regain control of their country from heartless invaders who kill indiscriminately, and you better face that fact.  *Investigate* the 'collateral damage' statistics of your own side!!
&gt;This seriously blows my mind and, frankly, tests my tolerance.

One gruesome death and you find yourself so disturbed?? what about the iraqis who see death and destruction of hundreds of them everyday?
8 or 18, the result is the same: an insane and horrific death of *somebodys children*, it doesn't matter whose, for highly suspect reasons.
I am not a commie.
&gt; Blair? Scottish?

Well, lets see. Both his parents were Scottish and he was born there. He was educated in Scotland, apart from 5 years in Durham, close to Scotland, because his father was lecturing there. To claim that Blair isn't Scottish is ridiculous.
Sure you have. And you are a doctor and pharmacists as well. You are a serial fantasist - and if you aren't, your ridiculous posturing makes you an unreliable witness.
I don't have to. All sensible observers say that Saddam was the most Western-looking of all rulers in the Middle East with the exception of his neighbour, Turkey. It is up to you to provide evidence of your ridiculous claim that Saddam sought approval from religious leaders, rather than the tribal leaders who it is acknowleged that he sought approval from towards the end of his time. You really are clueless, aren't you?
Um, ive never hid my profession from anyone.  Im sorry that you are intimidated by me, but maybe you should just stfu and stop trying to be an internet tough guy.

"OMG since you have real world experience it makes you evil!"
Erm, I think you really know nothing about debate. You are supposed to provide evidence for your claim, rather than simply admitting that you really don't know what you are talking about.
that is so cute.  "OMG EVERYONE KNOWS THIS!"
[deleted]
Intimidated? By *YOU*?!? LOL.
That was my point actually, there is thousands of reasons that make you wanna blow yourself, other than Islam.
&gt;I don't see how you can make such generalizations! 

I can because this is Reddit.
you seem to be spazzing out quite a bit, and are giving all the standard internet tough guy responses trying to make it sound like you arent, which of course makes it sound more like you are.
Yah, i was thinking the same about you.
Right...they buried their daughters in sand...where did the next generation of Arabs come from then?
Fuck off troll. Either answer the question or admit you are wrong: did Saddam rely on the religious authorities in Iraq to maintain his grip on power?

He didn't. You are 100% wrong, like the loser that you are.
LOL

Saddam relied on them.  You need to read less cnn and more..iono..news.
I know I shouldn't reply to a troll, but I will. 

FOR FUCK'S SAKE STOP POLLUTING REDDIT WITH YOUR SHIT. YOU HAVE ISSUES. I DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY ARE, BUT I CAN SEE THAT YOU DO NOT ACT LIKE A NORMAL PERSON. GET HELP. IF YOU WON'T GET HELP, ADMIT THAT YOU HAVE A PROBLEM. IF YOU CAN'T ADMIT THAT YOU HAVE A PROBLEM, GO ANNOY SOMEBODY ELSE YOU JACKASS.
Like i said in the other article, you seem to be getting pretty emotional.  Maybe you should log offand take a ritalin or something.
&gt; How about when Christian extremists are blowing up and killing the innocent employees of a Family Planning Clinic? Would that

&gt;&gt;    probably be in the headlines...?

&gt; As a matter of fact, it wouldn't.

As _a matter of fact_, it would.
Totally insane fuck I have no word to say how I feel about this.
On johnstaniers planet- you are right, regardless of the laws of logic.
Never let the truth get in the way of one of his fine stories of jesus' warriors being the best thing since sliced bread.
&gt;The people who are fighting come from a society and religion that teaches that women are worthless except for birthing more males.

I can see, by the upmods, that Reddit tends to support such detailed, nuanced, and contextual knowledge of Islam.
I know, and if the followers of Jesus murdered more people than the holocaust and tortured as many into insanity you would think a guy would know right? In Soupson's case- wrong apparently.
http://ca.youtube.com/watch?v=_hBwiaSlBWw
The lack of absolutely any proof or facts that point in that general direction (excluding your *opinio*) kind of makes us doubt that they had anything to do with this bombing.
This just in to prove my point you are stupid war mongering cunts that are victims of a psy op- she was SIXTEEN not 8, in addition this is based on the genius estimate of such scholars as an army grunt- I think a tissue sample in a lab may be able to discern the actual age- which a month from now will be found probably to be a 21 year old male wearing a wig and then never retracted so idiots can continue to believe it was an 8 year old. Losers. Losers. Losers. Do your research and doubt this bullshit that comes from the government you stupid mindless sheep.

This is bursting with fruity CIA goodness.
What a glorious Psy op for the mentally challenged to swallow as gospel.

For all you people with Cheney's cock in your ass and loving it, still spouting your fox news "christian" horse shit....
bear in mind you are directly responsible for the murder of over a million innocent Iraqis and afghanis, and another million plus of palestinians, thousands if not hundreds of thousands of 3rd world mercenaries, tricked into doing your dirty work over there as well only to be sent on suicide missions and dumped in the desert-and thousands more of lebanese civilians- let's not even get into africa and the phillipines you ignorant shits... ...Even if this were a real Iraqi attack and not something obviously funded by the CIA, you would still be more atrocious and disgusting than your enemy of Islam. The number of dead speak for themselves- and you killed them.


Also bear in mind the CIA runs ops like these  just for stupid fucking morons such as yourself, you are the same stupid goat brained dimwits that bought the story of Nick Berg being murdered by Islamics as he was surrounded by fat white guys in abu ghraib on video...

It doesn't take much to convince you sorry pieces of shit that it's time to kill the people that don't share your shitty maniacal religion.. and you zealotry is written in blood in the history of man- nothing has changed- you are still stupid peasants wanting to butcher the heretic without any need for investigation or evidence.


http://news.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30200-1316058,00.html?f=rss
I upmodded him and downmodded you. He made a good point, and you bitched at him. You're the troll in this scenario.

Even though Obama kicks your ass, Whisky.
[deleted]
Because they didn't have a giant military with 150,000 troops and lots of aircraft handy to destroy Saddam Hussein's large and vicious security apparatus (some of which remains in the form of _the same people who are now planting the bombs._)
Huh?
It only took a trillion dollar "coalition" "liberation" of Iraq.
I blame the parents.
[deleted]
&gt;The lack of absolutely any proof

You sir, either have not a single clue who [Robert Fisk](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Fisk) is or simply didn't research the article of him.
If it's unending, why try to stop it?  That sounds like a waste of resources to me.
[deleted]
So you are saying that Robert Fisk has proof that *this* girl was infact a slave and that *she* was used by whites to propogate the war on terror? No? Then there are no facts connecting *this* case to Robert Fisks speculation.
Indeed.
Using 8-year olds isn't FAIR? Who's the fucking nihilist here?
Hey, those 72 virgins have to come from SOMEWHERE.
What isn't what you said?
&gt; Technological might does not equate to moral altitude

No, but **intent** does.
&gt; I'm not saying this story is false, only that it can not be assumed to be true.

And do you take that same critical approach on stories of alleged atrocities by the Israelis?

I'll tell you what I believe - no one's hand is clean in a war, and it's infantile to expect it to be.
I didn't say my facts prove this specific case, I just refute your argument that the scenario I delivered is totally impossible by simply showing a precedent from the best informed reporter of the Middle-East.

Fisks report is far away from being a "speculation", he interviewed potential victims who survived because their cell-phone didn't work, which was the set-off device. How about [READING](http://www.robert-fisk.com/articles579.htm) the article before dismissing it as "speculation"?
Depressing but true. Extremists and fanatics of all stripes (Communists, Jesuits, Fascists, Nazis, Islamists etc) always seem to start off with an advantage in morale. However history shows that this is *sometimes* balanced by their blinkered thinking causing bad strategic decisions.
Relevant and accurate, but should have been the original example.

I don't know I'm being being, you guys are RIGHT, religion causes atrocities.  I'm just saying that if you're going to bring it up, bring up relevant ones.
[deleted]
Yeah, fuck you.
a) who cares how old this individual is, the point is the bomb that killed the american was bought with UN money, find the root of the problem don't mindlessly obsess over a futile detail, things like this separate from the reality of the situation, which is global domination; and you have the gaul to call the internet community losers, who are the only ones left exposing the truth on underground video sites.  fuck you
b)secondly, it is the corporations (not the people involved in them) that are responsible.  to hold the crimes responsible to a person you must first abolish the fact that corporations circulate that responsibility.  saying it just like that wont work because of these wild legislations, so shut the fuck up you are guilting nobody.
c) putting down people that "aren't as smart as you" is basically the stepping stone for elite societies like the priesthood to dominate middle class and eliminate it creating surfdom.  so fucking fuck fuck shut the fuck up pleeeeease and quit putting people down at random.
You couldn't be more incorrect. In each of the examples you cited, those extremist Christians were identified in most headlines and throughout the stories.

I think the problem you're having is that there are a lot of Muslim extremists who are relentlessly performing these sort of heinous acts while the percentage of "Christians" who do the things you accuse them of are minute in comparison.
You really don't know what you are talking about. [Here](http://www.pinn.net/~sunshine/book-sum/antqty1.html) is a summary of a book called "Women in Late Antiquity: Pagan and Christian Lifestyles" As you can see, Pagan and Christian women had more rights even before Islam even existed. [Here](http://library.thinkquest.org/12834/) is a website dedicated to "The Book of the City of Ladies" by [Christine de Pizan](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christine_de_Pizan) (1363–c.1434), Europe's first professional woman writer and a feminist. It's pretty clear that even Christian women in medieval Europe had more rights and freedoms than Muslim women.
It's true that Islam maybe different form region to region and culture to culture, but usually, the differences are in the minor issues not the core.  In spite of that, women in some cultures are treated poorly, but it is due to the "culture" not the religion, I'm just sick of people who associates every mistreatment of women to Islam.
[deleted]
Yes, and I would venture to guess that if the US was invaded by a foreign army that was killing hundreds of thousands of innocent people that there would be a few Christian nutjobs willing to strap bombs onto kids in order to make a point. But, then again we've never been in that situation and it is hard to say what one would be capable of in the same circumstances.
&gt; Bush has caused a rain of depleted uranium

I have to say this is the first time i'm hearing of this. can you refer me to some sources on this?
Fuckin' eight year olds, dude....
Yeah, what a way to demonize Iraqis, blaming little children for these things. This news source should be boycotted.
OK, how's this: Saddam Hussein's party was Baathist: this is an Arab-nationalist brand of socialism. He dressed himself as an army officer, not a cleric. Iraqi women's rights and education were some of the most progressive in the Arab world. His foreign minister was Christian.

Getting the picture? Yes, he kissed up some to the religion of Islam, portraying himself as a modern Saladin, to co-opt the mullahs who, as Shiites, were an avenue of potential Iranian influence. That doesn't make him an Islamist. 

One of Osama bin Laden's goals was to eliminate just this kind of secular government in the Middle East. GWB brilliantly achieved just that.
THIS STORY IS BULLSHIT.

More propaganda crap from the assholes that brought you the fake "Female Downs Syndrome Suicide Bombers" and the "Handicapped Kid in a Wheelchair Suicide Bomber".

There was a blast alright - caused by your run of the mill jihadist - the kind that doesn't even make the news anymore.  How sad is that?

Up next: "Suicide Bomber dressed as Ronald McDonald blows up daycare, but not before RIPPING BABIES FROM INCUBATORS!"
I really know what I am talking about for I'm a Muslim and I live in a Muslim society.  I read about rights of women is Christianity, they are so much similar to rights of women is Islam with some minor changes.
I wonder how many more of these they pumped out of Abu Graib and Gitmo?
Those are the same arguments I made years ago. They are valid.

My point is that the cycle of vengence must end.

To say, "The US military indescriminately kills innocents in the crowd." is to take what actually happens out of context. 

I think the U.S. soldiers do their best to keep the death of innocents to a minimum. Are their a few that might be over-zealous. Sure it's possible. Of course you have to realize that there are 100,000's of active duty soldiers, and accidents are innevitable.

I also agree about rebuilding the infrastructure. My understanding is that the "resistance" groups destroy infrastructure as quickly as it's built.

The problem is that the "resistance" groups are only able to maintain their power as long as their can keep the situation ugly. 

If the situation improves, then the "resistance" fighters will just be like everyone else, just normal people. They'll have none of the "glamour" of labeling themselves a Jihadist, the reality will be exposed that they are mere murderers.

BUT, if Everyone followed the 2 Simple Rules For Surviving in Iraq, then it would be a much safer place, AND it would deflate some of the "glamour" that, in my opinion, is the motivation behind the suicide bombers.
Uh ... You want to not speak religious-bashing-babble and fill in a few blanks there?  I have no idea what you are talking about, and I'm pretty sure you don't either.
I think so too.  What I would like to know is, what is the current Politically Correct term for people who talk little girls into blowing themselves up?  Savage is too harsh and Racist a term? Really?
As if all the *christian* americans in Iraq have never killed a 8 year old girl or raped a 14 year old. Jerks are jerks.
No. I'm a reader posting a comment to a comment board. They are supposed to be journalists. I expect high quality from them and complete shit from you and I.

I guess you have high expectations from commentary and low expectations from journalists? Watch Fox News much?
Actually they blow themselves up currently against Jews and fellow Muslims, so pretty fucking sure they are insane.
If I were you, I'd be more ashamed of being a spammer than an American. All your recent comments have hidden spam links.

http://reddit.com/info/6ja6a/comments/c0405r4
Rubbish.  Intent has nothing to do with moral altitude.  *Results* is what makes the difference.  If you kill an 8 year old with a bomb, it doesn't matter if you intended not to, or not - if she's dead you are scum.  If you have a bomb and do not use it, but instead disarm it and put it away, perhaps use the materials for something else useful, such as .. say .. powering a water pump for a village of 1000 people, *then* there is a morality worth inspecting.
fleece i'm having a hard time finding the wheelchair story being bullshit. post a link if you can
You don't understand it, do you?

BTW - they *call themselves* Al-Qaeda
That's right, and we condemn the atrocities of the Catholic church, and of the Protestant Church. I condemn them, unreservedly. I had nothing to do with them, I'm an atheist, and I condemn them.

I ***also condemn*** contemporary atrocities committed in the name of a religion.

It appears you only wish to condemn the West of 400 years ago.
&gt;*To claim that Blair isn't Scottish is ridiculous.*

Ask a Scostsman. you just don't get the nuances of nationality within the UK, do you. But you reckon you've sussed out Iraq? 

&gt;*He was educated in Scotland, apart from 5 years in Durham*

And Oxford. don't forget Oxford

&gt;*in Durham, close to Scotland*

I used to live in Newcastle, even closer to Scotland than Durham. They were most certainly not Scottish there - although I did do my Christmas shopping in Edinburgh one year.
Iraq was stable? In what sense of the word?
You were asking how the terrorists were related to Islam. Quite disingenously, of course, but the fact of the matter is that *they themselves* claim they are.
Is this a real piece of news or a propaganda piece, like that earlier one that claimed that they made a retarded woman blew herself up?
Hezbollah and Hamas are avowedly religious - Islamist -  movements. Hezbollah *means* 'The Party of God'.

Nothing to do with religion. Move along. nothing to see here.
The poll was a joint one with the BBC, I believe.

So now the BBC is your enemy, the Telegraph is your enemy - but radical Islamist terrorists and their supporters are your friends?
Doesn't work, that claim of yours there, does it.
al-Qaeda is expressly Islamist. didn't you know?
&gt;*She wasn't killed in the name of Islam, you moron*

Of course she was. That's al-qaeda's whole raison d'etre.
They just needed a momentum to gather people, Nationalism was already taking, they were left only with religion. And by the way, this "8 year old girl" stuff is just [crap](http://reddit.com/info/6jggv/comments/)
&gt;*they were left only with religion*

So it has something to do with religion then.

QED
I'm being voted down for pointing out the dude has a hidden agenda? Spamming is suddenly ok now? What's wrong with you people? Do your worst, you'll never silence me!
I think you missed the point.
Bush's God told Bush to attack Iraq.  If Bush's God issued the [Ten Commandments](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ten_commandments) , then it is either a hypocrite or Bush is a hypocrite since the 1st of those commandments is not to kill.  Not even for oil.

I'm also criticizing anyone else who uses their religion as a justification to kill others, not bashing religion itself.  The nice thing about comparative religion is you see that, for the most part, humans all pretty much agree on the same stuff, which I think is about the nicest thing one can say about religion.

Is that clear enough for you?
[deleted]
We all missed the point (Taco BoING!) -- the news was fake.
Yeah. Or any Islamist group. I'd like to tell that to these people

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/spl/hi/uk/05/london_blasts/victims/default.stm

but I can't.
Here's the thing.  Only lunatic right-wing fringe hate-mongers are pretending that anyone meaningful thinks it's okay to blow up little kids.  That's some bullshit that 99% of *EVERYONE* detests, with the 1% being crazy.

Whereas a WHOLE FUCKING LOT of Americans think it's totally fine to blow up little kids "accidentally".  Why?  Because those Americans are pansy-assed faggots who are willing to slaughter masses to "feel" safer.

Fucking awful godless idiots.
Uh... you would kill your own child with explosives?
Saying it the way you do, make it look like that these groups won't exist if there is no religion involved, which is false. They would have sprung anyway.
intrigued... explain
If you read the link you found, you would see that the first commandment is, in fact:

&gt;Do not have any other gods before me

You will also note, that the commandment you are thinking of is worded this way:

&gt;You shall not **murder**

An important legal distinction, because the "right" to kill is given explicitly under certain circumstances.
http://theantipress.blogspot.com/2008/05/girl-of-8-used-as-suicide-bomber-and.html
interesting read. The story never really made sense. I still rarely trust xxx.blogspot.com because Jim-Joes take on things seldom interests me. After reading this, I can see what he is saying, but he also talks about "Aging rapidly" and uses two SEPERATE articles that use two SEPERATE sources. News stories do not come from ONE source (ie: Corespondant in Iraq) but from many different ones who each see the story in a different way and hear different things from different people. It is the grapevine effect. 

http://uk.news.yahoo.com/skynews/20080514/twl-teenage-girl-used-in-suicide-bombing-3fd0ae9.html

this story actually did make the connection.

If they made a retraction for every story rather than re-printing it, then there would be a fuckload of retractions.

I do agree that the Mainstream media is a propoganda machine, but you also need to realize that jimbob.blogspot.com could be doing the same thing in the other end of the spectrum. The fact is, some people are extremists and do extreme things, and the government will gladly exploit this to make the general public hate THEIR enemy. You need to read the articles, and understand two things:

1. The US is sucking ass over there, REAL bad
2. The locals hate them and blow themselves (and others up) to get them

so in other words, I think you are half right lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
Every sense of the word.  Make your argument about Al-Qaeda being motivated by Islam, whatever, but there's no sense in saying that Iraq is more stable now than it was before we invaded.  In every argument, there should be facets that you realize are untenable, and this, I present to you, is one of them.  Idiot.
&gt;they don't give a flying fuck about their own children. Specially if they are unfortunate enough to be born female.


Great generalization.  Tell it to this guy: [sad](http://patdollard.com/wp-content/uploads/iraq-dad-dead-daughter.jpg)

You are officially a dick, btw.
Fact of the matter is, as long as war exists, kids will get killed.  No avoiding it.  A world without war can only happen after the extinction of the human race.
Well, not recently, at least. Hey, we had a 600 year head start, and even with that, they were practically lapping us for a while.
Christ whiskey, you really got owed on that one.  That is exactly what you said.  scroll up - it's what the funny middle button on your mouse is for.
You're equating Sharia law with extremism, which is your mistake. 

Whether you chose to acknowledge it, there's a big difference between 'letter-of-the-law' religious beliefs and an open willingness to strap explosives to an 8 year old.
&gt;*You're equating Sharia law with extremism, which is your mistake*

Oh, ok. So in Shariah, the penalty for apostasy is death and ***you don't think that's extremism***?
&gt;*there's no sense in saying that Iraq is more stable now than it was before we invaded*

Now let me see, where did I say that...oh, I ***didn't***. you must have replied to the wrong person.
***Robert Fisk***? You're kidding, right?
&gt;*They would have sprung anyway.*

Might have. Might not have. Might be religion that provides the glue and the certainty of being correct and the opportunity to demonise the opposition and the eagerness to die.

Don't you think?
[deleted]
&gt;*Ad Hominem*

Oh don't be so tedious. Fisk has given his name to 'Fisking' because he's so consistently full of crap.
[deleted]
I don't know *anything* about that photo. I *know* civilians are killed in war. I'm *not* a pacifist.

Where does that get us. Oh yes, and Robert Fisk's a bloody 9/11 truther. 

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/fisk/robert-fisk-even-i-question-the-truth-about-911-462904.html

He's a sodding lunatic.
[deleted]
And that makes it okay to start an unprovoked war in a faraway land and kill hundreds of thousands of people?

You need to borrow some morals.
Saddam later relied on the tribes. Before that he imposed secular authority. Got links for your dubious claims? No, I though not.
Fuck off troll.
&gt; "To claim that Blair isn't Scottish is ridiculous." Ask a Scostsman. you just don't get the nuances of nationality within the UK, do you.

And you think I am not from the UK...why?

&gt; I used to live in Newcastle

I guess that was a break from shagging sheep. Though the quality of the women in Bigg Market... mutton dressed as lamb. I can see why you might have woken up rather worried. Not that you ever got a shag, of course, you wierdo.

Of course, I could be a Merkin pretending to know what I am talking about... and as for the pretending bit, that would be much like you.
And the basis for your claim that the people who carried out this attack by strapping remotely controlled explosives to an 8 year old girl were al-Qaeda - when it turns out that she wasn't 8; it wasn't remotely controlled; it was a normal sectarian suicide bombing (WHATEVER THAT MEANS) - are what? 

That the people who claimed that it was a remotely controlled detonation of a bombing by an innocent 8 year old girl are magically right when they ascribe blame to the bombings when they are wrong about everything else?
It's not up to us to decide what's right and what's wrong.  That's why we vote.  Put the burden on someone who wants it.  If you don't like it, get people to vote for you instead.

Wars are always started for a reason.  If you don't like those who declare unprovoked war, then declare war on them instead of whining about it.  At least you have the moral high ground.  Oh btw, if you kill kids in the process then you are immoral and should have war declared on you.  Unless of course, they would rather you kill their kids than kill yours and turn the other cheek.

As for borrowing morals, I don't believe in credit.  Never needed it.

As far as I can tell, to rid the world of war you need to do the following....

Create a society where everybody can have whatever they want at any time they please without question where everybody is happy and it is not possible to have negative emotions.  That would require unlimited resources so that no competition could possibly exist over them.  It would require unlimited space because we must be allowed to reproduce indefinitely without any limits imposed whatsoever.   There must also be no rules.  Everybody must get along unconditionally without threat of punishment for doing otherwise.  They must also choose not to do otherwise freely and be unanimous in their decision.

Everybody must be a winner.  A world without war cannot exist as long as there is a concept called competition.
Idiots like you who blindly follow the agenda of hatred spoonfed them aren't my friends. You think you are a free thinker, but you aren't. You are one of the "useful idiots" that Stalin so enjoyed controlling.

You really think you are a radical thinker, but you aren't. If you were to really think radically you would be on the other side of the fence. 

Maybe you don't think you are a radical thinker (though I don't think you are a thinker at all). Maybe you just accept what you hear and take it at face value.

Someday, if you are really radical, you must take a step back and think "why is this point of view being pushed on me?"
Please list your sources of information on your postulations.
Oh. You don't have any.
Thanks for stopping by and telling me lies.
And btw- gaul is old western europe. GALL was the word your small mind was looking for but in so doing, tripped over your ignorance in the dark.
I don't call the internet community losers- just the dumb ones that don't bother to research their opinions or back them up when questioned- btw- you fit the profile perfectly.
your contention that the people associated with corporations are not to blame for their misdoings is also a pile of shit. Be part of the solution, not part of the problem if you can help it. But if you can't- don't bullshit me and tell me what you are doing is ok.
I put people down that aren't as smart as me and think they can stand on the same ground in a debate. I will own you and smash your mindless opinions, and that will anger you because you will be reminded how ignorant you are.
The solution to that is not to bash the guy smarter than you but rather, pick up a book and stop being ok with ignorance.

I don't put people down at random- I put people down if they are wrong and in the same breath tell me I am full of shit. At that point- it's on.

and by the way- another testament to your poor education- it's spelled SERFDOM.

I will wait with bated breath for you to back up your bullshit statement that the bomb was bought with United Nations money.

Also of note- the age of the bomber DOES matter since at 8 years old- no chance of them knowing what they are doing- at an army grunt's estimation of SIXTEEN there is every likelihood that the age could have been 18- the age of consent.
Innocent Child blows up general is republicunt porn.
Age of consent resistance is just another day in baghdad.
And, I will not pretend that everyone in the resistance is of age and fully informed- that would be silly.. but I was speaking specifically to this wonderfully spun story.
&gt;*Idiots like you who blindly follow the agenda of hatred*

You're winning me over with that opening...

&gt;*Maybe you don't think you are a radical thinker*

But maybe you think you are?
&gt;*when it turns out that she wasn't 8*

I didn't claim she was. I have no idea.

&gt;*were al-Qaeda*

I don't care if they're cub scouts or boys brigade.

&gt;*it was a normal sectarian suicide bombing*

What do you mean there by the word 'sectarian'? Could you explain that usage to me?

Thanks.
Then you know that Blair's about as Scottish as Prince Albert in a kilt.

You ***know*** that. Why do you bother ***pretending***?

You're so full of self-denying shit. Why not just be honest with others and with yourself?
Only a psychopath could come to your conclusions.

Goodbye.
What? That war is a fact of life and cannot be stopped?  Every single day of your existence, somebody has died in a war.  Every single day of your parents existence.  Not a single day has gone by in recorded history where somebody didn't die in a war.

Preventing wars is as futile as preventing world hunger. It's not an opinion it's a law of physics.  In order to have something you must deny it to somebody else pure and simple.  People starving to death isn't the problem, overpopulation is.  Eliminate overpopulation, you eliminate the majority of starvation.  And the beauty of it is, you don't have to do anything.  Nature will take care of the population problem on it's own but our artificial life support systems are interfering with the way nature heals itself.

The main problem we face today is artificial life support.  Artificial life support is entirely responsible for the planets current population.  Get rid of the artificial life support and the population will go down to more natural sustainable levels.

HAH!! Like that's going to happen.

The population will increase.
Starvation will increase.
Disease will increase.
War will increase.
The whole system will implode.
People will wonder where there Jesus is or their messiah for there will be no sign.

And the population will ultimately correct itself on it's own as the problem outgrows our ability to contain it.

I plan to just sit back and let it happen.  That's my gift to humanity.

Call my a psychopath if you will.  It doesn't change a thing.  It's the people who think they can solve the problem by piling yet another layer shit on top of past failures that are the real psychopaths.

Is it any wonder the more we do the worse things get?  Even Steven Hawking realizes this.  Is he a psychopath too.  He predicts the extinction of humans in a few hundred years and claims our only hope is to colonize other planets.  If we don't we are as good as dead.

&lt;/rant&gt;
You're a fucking psychopath.

If you believe what you said, then you should live accordingly and KILL YOURSELF, you fucking psycho.
No.  I'd rather hang around and be entertained.  Pass the popcorn.

Yes, I do really believe it.  And why would I want to kill myself rather that have a chance to witness the downfall of civilization. 

It's people like you and the overwhelming cloud of denial you live under that causes shit like this can happen in the first place.

Anyway, this is starting to bore me.
Have a nice life.
Citation needed?
Further update: After perusing several news pages about abortion clinic bombings from the MSM I couldn't find even one article that referred to the bombers as Christian extremists in the title or in the body.  Even when referencing the despicable Army of God the MSM fails to mention the fact that they are christian extremists.  Moreover, people who shoot, stab or otherwise kill abortion clinic workers are not referred to as christian extremists.  


As a matter of fact, it wouldn't.
Glad you wasted your eight days doing that. 

... I mean, go ahead and publish your methodology, statistics and conclusions for peer review so we can confirm your findings.
Because that is the only way to form an opinion and any opinion rendered any other way is irrelevant...just like your comment.

As a matter of fact, *you're wrong* and **I'm right**.
You have an anecdotal study of by 1 person from god knows what sources. You imagine that's gonna convince anyone? Not me.

In the rare instances when anti-abortionists were active in the UK where I lived for more than a decade, their links to christianity has both been evident and noted in the media i saw. If you can't say the same about the media you see, then maybe you should change your inputs.

Summary:
I know who the people are.
No where did I say that?
I *know* civilians are killed in war.
I don't see how you can make such generalizations!
I really don't get your point here.
I don't think she was 8 either.
I don't understand the connection between the people doing the blowing up and Islam?
I do know that during wars people do horrible things.
&gt; Islam seems to have something to do with it, don't you think?
The only things you have to do to not be killing my U.S. military is:

1.
You don't understand it, do you?
You really don't know what you are talking about.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Like that's going to happen.
You are using a bomb which blows people up, and you say it is an accident?
I can because this is Reddit.
What's wrong with you people?
You should have a read.
I think we agree in this case.
Maybe you don't think you are a radical thinker (though I don't think you are a thinker at all).
If they believed in what they were doing then they would do it themselves not have a child do it for them.
I think you missed the point.
What do you mean who the people are?
And please, read what the Muslims have to say about the rights of women in Islam, no what people think are the rights of women in Islam.
It reads like a children's book.
I don't know I'm being being, you guys are RIGHT, religion causes atrocities.
Yes, I do really believe it.
but bad people did it.
Don't associate with people that would shoot at the U.S. Military.
I believe it's called the Koran.
No, she was killed because it's a war, and the army is less likely to suspect an 8 year old girl of being a bomb.
I wish more people were.
Bashing Islam does not make one a Christian.
Nothing to do with religion.
The US Foreign Policy did this?
and i think that's what is most important.
I agree with you that US policies make things worse.
If you don't like it, get people to vote for you instead.
No I said the people who force young children to strap bombs on and kill themselves are despicable.
If we don't we are as good as dead.
Actually, the US kills lots of children on purpose.
thats just the kind of thing he's do.
"thats just the kind of thing he's do."
Would I then be racist or just stupid?
The problem with saying that "well, war is not good, but this is terrorism!"
&gt;*I don't understand the connection between the people doing the blowing up and Islam?
It's not Islam according to the Koran any more than it is those who preach Islam claiming it is according to the Koran.
Yes, actually I am opposed to war.
&gt;I don't see how you can make such generalizations!
Not that it makes any difference to the person getting killed.
He seems to think that this would be happening *anyway*.
It's not important in the least who she was used to kill.
I didn't think you would answer it incorrectly.
As _a matter of fact_, it would.
They never did this kind of thing before the US started killing their parents!
What isn't what you said?
I was going to mention exactly what you just said.
That doesn't make him an Islamist.
Actually we entered the war after being attacked, so I don't see a problem with that.
Couldn't even kill one American soldier.
Children die in every war.
It's a bad time to be a child in Iraq.
it's hard to win a war when you don't even know your enemy.
actually it was in the headlines that they were christian extremists.
"Fight" != Detonate 8 year old girls.
When did the US kill *tens of thousands* of children?
All I have to say is "WTF".
And you think I am not from the UK...why?
That is exactly what you said.
The article does not mention any.
I don't think you've realized it, but you're answering your own question.
It doesn't change a thing.
That war is a fact of life and cannot be stopped?
I think you are getting confused between Iraq and Afghanistan.
How many suicide bombings did Iraq have when Saddam was ruling?
And this isn't America's doing... how?
The action is Iraq is not done in the name of any religion.
The story never really made sense.
Fact of the matter is, as long as war exists, kids will get killed.
you are referring to the ones saying its ok because america is evil?
It was a child, and that's what is important.
Probably when we stop killing these children's parents.
It's Timothy McVeigh not The Christian Timothy McVeigh.
I don't think the eight-year-old planned it either.
So would you say the same for Vietnam?
The US only has one president.
All of whom would condemn these same people for their actions.
As a matter of fact, *you're wrong* and **I'm right**.
What I would like to know is, what is the current Politically Correct term for people who talk little girls into blowing themselves up?
I really know what I am talking about for I'm a Muslim and I live in a Muslim society.
The same cannot be said for the other side.
This was not a suicide.
Don't shoot at the U.S. Military

2.
And if thinking that people who do that is racist then I guess I am.
I don't know how many have been killed but I'm sure you would agree that they have killed more than the insurgents.
Though I can only speak for my own morality.
I'm not opposed to war though, are you?
People are inherently evil and use religion as a justification.
&gt;No I said the people who force young children to strap bombs on and kill themselves are despicable.
It's true, at least in some countries.
I have no idea what you are talking about, and I'm pretty sure you don't either.
There are tens of thousands of innocent children who have been killed by US troops as well.
However, US foreign policy does not make anyone strap bombs to children and force them to be suicide bombers.
Uh... you would kill your own child with explosives?
I would put the blame on the person that was using a crowd to provide cover for themselves.
If you didnt have your head up your ass you would see them, to bad you are just like the rest.
Come on, this religion is present is many countries, and there is a long story of peace in these ones.
"The bomb was detonated by remote control."
I don't know *anything* about that photo.
I would consider Iraq to be a nation of random extremist lunatics.
I'm going to stop now because you have no argument nor have you said anything useful.
I don't care what a USER EDITABLE article says.
To say, "The US military indescriminately kills innocents in the crowd."
You need to read the articles, and understand two things:

1.
Nobody's blowing anyone up *in the name of Christianity*.
First, is this story true?
Yeah they all say it but only some do it.
The west has nothing to do with it.
The west has nothing to do with it?
Oh, you still think they're the same?
No, religion isn't inherently evil.
This is not a result of Islam.
You really are an ignorant troll, aren't you?
The same happened in Vietnam.
If you want to say all major religions are evil, I'll stand with you.
Just a question: why would we believe that this story is actually true?
The problem it's a lot of times it has nothing to do with religion, as it's happening in Palestine.
The difference being we don't murder children on purpose jackass.
I don't imagine culturally they would change that much in under 6 years.
Makes one question the truthfulness of the rest of the story, doesn't it?
&gt; http://reddit.com/info/6jd6d/comments/c040em1

I'm sorry, I think you posted that in the wrong place.
And this all in a country that didn't do shit to us to begin with.
No, there are more stupid people on reddit.
They still do evil, just in different ways.
*Results* is what makes the difference.
If that is the case then you can't really call her a "child".
You really think you are a radical thinker, but you aren't.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 2.05
