Original Response:
[deleted]
Oh really? How is the war in Afghanistan just?
It hasn't been just for years.
if it wasnt just then why would ron paul support it you fucktard ronpaul always follows the constituion and that the foundation of IT
&gt;Please don't: Editorialize in the headlines.

[reddiquette](http://reddit.com/help/reddiquette). know it, love it, ask it out for a dinner at a nice 2.5 - 3 star restaurant.
Yeah, that will help our economy and world relations.
Uh, you guys are kind of missing the point. It's being built to make the prisoners' conditions better since there are too many to turn over to the Afghan government quickly, and conditions at the current facility are even worse than at Gitmo. The "hold prisoners overseas" bit is misleading; it doesn't mean we're holding prisoners from here and elsewhere on an overseas base, it means we're holding prisoners from Afghanistan there, in a base in their country (which is overseas).
So rather than prosecute the current inmates or actually press charges, the U.S. wants to build more prisons to house even more inmates?

Nothing like the heavy hand of the law to win the hearts of the Afghanis..
And I am sure some of the strongest bush campaign supporters are the people who will be getting the contracts to build those prisons.
And you can bet your bottom dollar it will be the new location for CIA black ops against american citizens when they "rendition" them.
They claim they plan to make conditions more humane but building a $60 million prison means they plan to keep people, more and more people, in jail... forever. This jail is not meant as a temporary facility, not for $60 mil. I believe they plan to imprison some of these people till they die, and not just Afghanis, but people they have kidnapped from all over the world. 

And they put people in Bagram instead of Gitmo so the Red Cross and other human rights groups will not know they are imprisoned, so they will be hidden from prying eyes. So torture will be hidden. 

A bigger prison will just allow them to unjustly imprison even more people.
Yes it is a good thing for the fatherland.
Let's overlook the fact we shouldn't even fucking be there in the first place.
we win hearts and minds by crushing jackboots on necks and murdering babies...

what could possibly go wrong??
Whip me, spank me, make me write bad checks.
there's no such thing as a just war.
War only determines who is left, not who is right.

If you did your research you would note the money trail leads to Pakistan's ISI for 911 and since they are diametrically opposed to Israel and a nuclear threat- they can't be attacked- but the mossad would have a very strong motive to frame them for anyone that was actually trying to decipher who was behind 911.

All one needs do is read the Israeli response to 911 to know who did it.

"Finally americans will understand our pain."

911 was a Mossad operation all day- with the help of american double agents in america.

Bush's brother possibly either set the charges in the towers or tested them to make sure they were all still good to go, ushering everyone out of the buildings two weeks before the show, followed by bomb sniffing dogs to make sure they couldn't be found.

The telecommunications was handled by an Israeli firm, and as the FBI started to close in on various suspects they thought might be related- those suspects immediately changed their patterns, as if someone had told them what was up.
the owners of the company conveniently fled to Israel after 911.
It's Just..retarded.
Just retarded.
You drank the koolaid you dumb whore.
Please cite your references- because Ron Paul is against foreign entanglements, and against afghanistan last I checked.
Nenoload- you have a lot of reading ahead of you- you have been brainwashed by your television it appears....
http://screwloosechange.blogspot.com/2007/11/ron-paul-on-afghanistan-oil-pipelines.html
and all we need do is look at how britain and russia both had their asses handed to them there to know how it will end.
The prison itself isn't an issue, I suppose it's better than holding them in a shack somewhere.

The U.S. needs to lay down a few laws on it's own people though.

1. American citizens are not allowed to torture.

2. American citizens are not allowed to let someone be tortured through inaction.

3. American citizens are not allowed to contract out torture to non Americans.

4. Torture is to be classified as something you wouldn't want done to yourself or a loved one. Yes, waterboarding is torture, so is being held without charges for years on end.
Some people need to be in prison till they die.
they can cover most of the 60 million if they license it out as a new reality TV show.

the audience votes who gets "interrogated" each week
Not really. It's a replacement for the current one, not in addition to it, so there's no reason to think they'll be keeping more in jail. The article says it's semi-permanent, so presumably it'll last until Afghanistan is stable and most troops pull out. That's a baseless claim, and it says it's for Afghani prisoners specifically. The Red Cross does know people are imprisoned at Bagram, that's absurd- how else would they be able to get video conversations set up between prisoners and their families? It's not a bigger prison, it's about the same size, just with far better conditions. Again, the old one is closing, so it wouldn't be more people.
rofl
So you just don't like prisons in general, then?
number 4 is retarded.
From my understanding we are holding them till the afghan government prosecutes them.  They just dont have a system in place to prosecute them fast enough/dont give a shit because its our dime.
because the taliban is the GOVERNMENT that helped the 9/11 highjackers, openly helped.  We ousted that government but they are still in teh region trying to retake power. 

Sorry you dont remember pre-iraq.  But before iraq the afghanistan war was something i was actually proud of, and the people there DID cheer for us when we kicked the taliban out.
They need a place to put the journalists.
You don't spend $60 million to build a semipermanent prison. You spend $1 million. Tops.
$1 million to house 600 people 24/7 for several years? I don't think so. It costs nearly $1 million to build a house for 5 people around here.
In general no, though I understand that they are necessary.
That is a wonky definition of torture. It would include a lot of things that certainly are not torture.
did anybody else think of this old kiddie song after reading the title:
Shame, Shame, Shame;
I don't want to go to mexico no more, more, more; there's a big fat policeman at the door, door, door; he'll grab you by the collar, and make you pay a dollar, I  don't want go to mexico no more, more, more - SHAME!
Shame Shame! Hiss! Shame! HISS!
They are NOT around here !!

When the average monthly wage is about $50 this  shows one more time the stupidity of this administration on spending our taxes.

http://www.cursor.org/stories/emptyspace2.html
Afghanistan is not Iraq.
Sure, but aren't we killing enough up there yet?

Have you counted how many innocent people have already died because of this fucking US Army co lateral damage ?
Most of the work would probably be done by western contractors though.

Sure they might hire a few hundred local labourers to carry stuff around and perform mundane tasks, but I doubt Afghanistan has the skilled labour pool to build such a structure to US standards.

I'm pulling this out of my ass though, so if someone a little more knowledgeable can prove me wrong, listen to him.
Isn't everything cheaper in Afghanistan? Aren't labor and materials cheaper? Unless they are provided by some corrupt crony of the Bush Administration?
yes- it is in a different part of the world, but we are there for the same reasons-
illegal imperialism that benefits israel and sets up american military bases in a region to be a base of operations for further imperial expansion in the future.
Good.  I hope we righteous Christians can convert some of those heathens to see the light of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.  Let us pray for them.
laughing because you are such a babbon you think one of these claims is false?
pick one chowderhead.
Agreed.  Lawful incarceration is something I wouldn't want done to myself or a loved one.  I don't consider imprisonment to be torture though.
Your definition of torture would include many things that no one would consider torture.
That Taliban government has been gone for years. How is it still just?
I wouldn't want my loved ones to be forced to listen to Celine Dion.
NO! The government that was behind 911 was THE US GOVERNMENT!!!! WAKE UP SHEEEPLE!!!!!1
I disagree. I believe the lack of concern on the Bush administrations part in regard to the situation in Afghanistan is indicative of it being more of a bother to them than something they're truly interested in, like Iraq.
Well, of course they cheered, they were strangling on the Taliban prohibition of
poppy farming.  It's all fine now, our troops
are now guarding the poppy fields, and the CIA is apparently satisfied with the record levels
of heroin traffic now available, and all's
right with the world.  The Taliban had exactly nothing to do with the WTC incident--it you think so, I'd like to see a cite.  All
they did was refuse to hunt down Ben Laden without a specification of charges and with a
boatload of accompanying requirements that doesn't change every 10 minutes, something they probably couldn't have done anyway, and something
most 1st world governments won't do either.

The highjackers were mostly Saudi's, and the money came from Pakistan's ISI--security police with ties to Mossad and
the CIA.  In point of fact, the head of
ISI was closeted with high US officials with
ties to the CIA and DOD, during the attacks,
discussing something none of them seem able
to remember in any great detail.

Close to a decade now, and the combined intelligence of the DOD, CIA and NSA can't find
a bunch of goat-herders whose leader has to
drag a dialysis machine with him everywhere
he goes.  Golly gosh, what an incredibly
difficult task that must be.  Guess we better
build another billion dollar embassy in
Afganistan, I'm sure that will help.
The perpetrators of 911 were Saudi.
The war in Afghanistan is about entrenching a puppet regime that supports an oil pipeline across its country.
The war in Iraqis about a proxy war for Israel &amp; oil.
The US has never done anything without a view to a profit!
GJ, you completely missed every news article post 9/11.

Edit: WTF am i being downmodded?  Are you retards even reading what sorento said or are you just updmodding because it is negative towards israel?  tools.
*facepalm*
I say we just stop bullshitting ourselves and overtly allow the torture that we've (I mean we as in intel and armed forces that we pay for) been covertly engaging in for years anyway.
darfur isn't iraq either. neither is somalia.
The Afghan poppy fields that support the global heroin trade, which in turn finances terrorists and things like the trade in nuclear arms secrets (ala A.Q. Khan) certainly haven't been reduced.
Wups I posted before reading your awesome one.  Better explained than I.  The best explanation is usually the most sensible one, which usually involves simply following the money and the power and whatever is required for those who want it the most to get it.  Went to Afghanistan to get those pesky Taliban for 9/11.. gimme a fuckin break whiskeytango.
so is whiskeytango.  
waterboarding is torture. period.
Just because Ron Paul is a great statesman doesn't mean he's always right.
according to you logic it is unjust not to be in darfur or somalia. i wonder if you ever complain about that.
I didnt say it wasnt, in fact, i agree that it is.

But "torture is classified as something you wouldnt want done to yourself or a loved one" is fucking moronic.  I guess torture is also prison.
name one thing ron paul isnt right about then
&gt;In its place the United States will build what officials described as a more modern and humane detention center that would usually accommodate about 600 detainees — or as many as 1,100 in a surge — and cost more than $60 million.

So it will hold 1500 and cost $1.2 billion.
[deleted]
Even though I think his reasoning is sound about the reasons for invading Afghanistan, I don't think that's why the US is over there.
&gt; Torture is to be classified as something you wouldn't want done to yourself or a loved one.

Like being subjected to Britney Spears music or stupid reddit comments? Yeah, I totally understand.
I can only assume you have a point I missed.
Yes, that's what I'm laughing at :)
...unless of course you've got somebody that has information on a bio or chem bomb placed somewhere in some US city - and waterboarding gets you the coordinates of said bomb.   Oh wait, it's better to just let a lot of US citizens die so that the Reddit crowd can congratulate each other on being against torture...I get it now!!!
Someone needs to stop watching 24, it's a show..not reality!
an imperialistic nation shouldn't consult its populus.  That group is full of stupid people that would disagree with the necessary overseas torture prisons.

Summary:
The government that was behind 911 was THE US GOVERNMENT!!!!
Torture is to be classified as something you wouldn't want done to yourself or a loved one.
I don't consider imprisonment to be torture though.
American citizens are not allowed to torture.
Lawful incarceration is something I wouldn't want done to myself or a loved one.
&gt; Torture is to be classified as something you wouldn't want done to yourself or a loved one.
I guess torture is also prison.
The U.S. needs to lay down a few laws on it's own people though.
So you just don't like prisons in general, then?
You don't spend $60 million to build a semipermanent prison.
How is the war in Afghanistan just?
But "torture is classified as something you wouldnt want done to yourself or a loved one" is fucking moronic.
It would include a lot of things that certainly are not torture.
Even though I think his reasoning is sound about the reasons for invading Afghanistan, I don't think that's why the US is over there.
So torture will be hidden.
Some people need to be in prison till they die.
there's no such thing as a just war.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
