Original Response:
Memo:
Disregard hype,

it's really about getting the newest farm subsidy bill passed in order to increase corporate profits.
Three steps to keeping Americans from starving:

1) export tariffs on food  
2) outlaw conversion of food into ethanol intended for fuel  
3) since it's no longer necessary to artificially inflate grain prices, stop paying farmers to not grow crops

Now, granted, this would cut off staple food supplies to a number of people outside America, since we basically feed the world, but that's a whole different problem.
I don't know what media you're listening to, but I hear about it every single day.
"Food economists testifying at a daylong hearing of the commission said the doubling of rice and wheat prices in the past year is a result of strong income growth in China, India and other Asian countries, where people entering the middle class are buying more food and eating more meat."

Bullshit, it is speculation that is driving the price.  Obviously, regulation is needed to fix the problem.

The only problem is, regulation could make things worse if not applied correctly.
Actually, the best thing that could happen is that people ignore it.  The worst thing would be for everyone to worry and begin to buy a little extra, just in case.  That will lead to an even worse crisis, which would lead to more hoarding, etc, etc.
they won't report until the bubble is about ready to burst. as soon as you see time with the iwo jima marines hoisting a stalk of wheat or a gas pump, it's time to go short commodities
The powers that control this country will not allow any sort of food crisis in the U.S. People may bitch and complain about oil prices, but not being able to afford food to feed their families is the stuff of revolution. Our government wants the populace fat and happy with easily available food and entertainment.
And if all countries adopt step 1?
And remember: if you buy organic, now is a good time to choke on a toothpick.
Well, if they use modern agricultural technique then many of them may be able to feed themselves.  It won't bother us too much here in America, except in terms of variety of food.
"The news you need to know."
It wouldn't have been a problem if they hadn't increased their populations to more than their respective local food production. Many nations now have populations that are unnaturally high for the locale, made that way by massive food imports.

Trying step 1 NOW would induce even worse mass panic and hunger...but humanity has sort of got itself into this predicament.
That don't mean we should stand silent as others starve.
this is all bullshit hype.
Err, there has been lots of news in the media about food prices and the crisis, don't know what you read.

Yea certain sources are crap but they have always been crap.
Yeah, I know.  CNN's Glen Beck.  Mountain View's Costco is now lore.
[deleted]
this is nothing that a good 'ol flag pin can't fix
Stupidest thing I've ever heard.
Heard a story on it on NPR yesterday afternoon.

Just saying.
Yes, stocking up on canned food means you are killing people!  

I'm not sure individuals hoarding, erm being prepared, is the problem.  You may feel differently.  I'd worry more about large scale hoarding so the prices can jacked up when scarcity increases.  But, if the [reports are to be believed](http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/04/20/commodities-and-speculation-metallic-evidence/), commodities aren't being hoarded right now.  I don't know what to make of it but supply-chaining may be our undoing since we have now become so dependent on having goods on a "just in time" basis (which more economically efficient than keeping stock).
people in other parts of the world were perfectly capable of feeding themselves until the IMF gives them loans.  When they accept these loans as a condition they have to eliminate all protective tariffs.  The the U.s. and other first world nations flood their markets with extremely cheap subsidized food staples : wheat, rice, soy, sugar etc.. until they destroy the local farm industry.  Then the nation becomes completely dependent.
If they all use modern agricultural techniques, especially in the tropics where the topsoil is much thinner, the long-term result would probably be unbelievable ecological catastrophe.

[Here's some recommended reading for anybody interested in this issue.](http://www.harpers.org/archive/2004/02/0079915)
I agree, it's terrible.
http://www.smirkingchimp.com/thread/14190

They can already feed themselves if the first world nations would quit intentionally destroying them; read the above link.
I'm including things like permaculture in the category of modern agricultural technique.
Humans need to control their breeding. Or the environment will control it for them.
Okay, good.  The idea of all farmers in the tropics adopting the methods of the so-called Green Revolution really scares the crap out of me.
Yeah, look at all the obese American, there must be *plenty* of food around. The planet could easily feed double or triple the current human population!
How about http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/business/360096_foodshortage23.html
the only people reporting food shortages are the news agencies.
Sorry. My food is all processed. McChicken prices haven't changed a bit. Besides, can't organo-greenies just grow some lettuce or eat bark or whatever it is they do?
The thing is, food crises are covered under a National Security issue.  Don't be surprised if this doesn't get all the attention it deserves, lest the general public mobthink themselves into a frenzied panic and we have a *real* situation on our hands ..
What we're doing, at least around here, is growing food in our backyards.
It will be similar to the wolf versus rabbit problem from calculus. I think it's Eulers Method? Pretty soon the world won't be able to handle all the people and there will be a mass die off and it will start all over again.
World Vision just announced that they will be providing aid to 1.5 million fewer people this year due to food prices: 
http://reddit.com/info/6gta1/comments/
Right.. sorry.. But look on the brightside. America is fucking useless during a crisis anyway now a days. We'd just fuck up the food crisis even more if we tried to help.
&gt; ..since we basically feed the world..

What evidence do you have for that?
Do any of you watch CNBC? I do and they had a whole debate on it. It was pretty good.
We only need to do #3, along with ending farm subsidies.
The US produces like half of the worlds grains. We feed the world, not in a handout sense, but in a production sense.
I heard Obama takes off his flag pin when he goes to sleep!

*Un*-American!!!1!

*Edit:* ;-)
Subsidies are about the only way small farms stay afloat.  Killing those off is gonna put an awful lot of gun-owning white folks out of their homes.

Kill the subsidies for the rich.  That I'm ok with.
Good thing I planted way too many tomatoes this year.
IMF FTW
There is a story on reuters about Sam's putting a limit on the amount of rice their customer's can buy.

http://www.reuters.com/article/marketsNews/idUSN2323679120080423

I just came back from Sam's with 50 lbs of rice, 25 lbs of flour, and 3 boxes of oatmeal.
reddit doesnt count.
It's simple, when the pain caused by food shortages and high costs out-weigh the money given to these journalist by the Pentagon and CIA, then these journalists, feeling like they have been duped, will begin to start telling the truth.
I haven't. Back in December, I started buying seeds at Home Depot and other stores, as soon as they were available. Along with the other things I needed to be able to grow them.

Not very good at gardening. Hopefully I'll improve.

If you're not already planning for this, you'll soon get to lose all that weight that you wanted to and never quite could.
Can't ever plant too many tomatoes. If only I could get the damned things to grow though.
No, you'll all sing "We Are the World" at a comeback tour, and the proceeds will go to some third world country where warlords make sure the food doesn't get to starving people.
This whole small farms thing is a little off.  My experience is that the small farm subsidy helps promote a lifestyle of four-wheelers, snowmobiles and hunting.  It isn't a bad life, but it might not be worth what it costs to make it possible that anybody can have it.
&gt; Subsidies are about the only way small farms stay afloat.

No small farms left. Really, there aren't any left. None.

So quit using them as an excuse. Or quit excusing the big megafarms that rely on that myth.
Who doesn't
Yeah but unless you have a decent amount of land and have canning ability that will only keep you for so much of the year.
Problem solved.
If there is a true food crisis you can bet that the U.S. will keep food here for its citizens and not send it overseas.

You can talk about helping people out when it comes to natural disasters, or other events. When it comes to food shortages and starvation all good will goes out the window and self-preservation becomes the key.
USA! USA! USA!

Or U-2! U-2! U-2!
That's because the global food crisis is really a global monetary crisis taking the form of a food crisis.  The US increased it's money supply by 18% to finance a welfare state and wars all over the planet.  China increased it's by 23% to keep the exchange rate fixed to the US dollar.  Countries all over the world followed driving up prices (read watering down money) across the board and causing disaster for lower income people all over the planet.

The sooner people start to understand that we don't have a food crisis, we have a monetary one.  The sooner everyone will put blame where blame is due and get to the source of the problem.
I guess I imagined the 40 head of cattle on dad's farm, then.  And the similarly sized farms stretching for miles in every direction on every side.
[deleted]
That's because the starving children are too busy starving to do reportage.
[Actually it's more like 13-15%](http://www.epa.gov/oecaagct/ag101/cropmajor.html)
Don't forget the food wars.
Food schmood... I heard Lindsey Lohan told some girl off.
the US and EU have both followed agricultural policies that harm the rest of the world
The EU subsidises both the agribusiness end and the uneconomic small holder end of the agriculture industry.  The US feeds money its large scale agribusiness industry, yet both claim they are pro-free trade.
A proper free market in agriculture would actually encourage a more sensible balance in world trade and sort out the standard of living for millions, but too many vested interests are comfortable with the status quo

The current situation rips off the tax payers and consumers of the west, and continues to do nothing to alleviate poverty in the poorest parts of the world
Your dad's the exception. Get used to it.

Besides, how much does he actually get in subsidy, anyway?

I'm sorry, but if this is what it takes to get rid of the damned things, it just has to be that way. Food prices are going up, maybe he can adjust.
believe it or not, there are numerous areas of the country that are not completely flat, and are therefore ill-suited to factory farming.

Yes, it's a dying way of life, but there are still an awful lot of these small farms out there.

All the subsidies we get are things like storm or drought compensation, or grazing rotation contracts, or assistance on fertilization: things that we're getting paid to do in order to more efficiently produce better quality beef.  I'm not gonna give you a number.
&gt;The current situation rips off the tax payers and consumers of the west, and continues to do nothing to alleviate poverty in the poorest parts of the world

You just summed it up perfectly.  It rips off the western consumers and tax payers because it funnels money into subsidies for the huge commercial farms which allow them to sell what they produce cheaply on the world market.  That coupled with the absence of tariffs in third world markets makes it impossible for a local farmer to remain solvent. After a generation or two of that the people don't even know HOW to farm anymore.

&gt;and continues to do nothing to alleviate poverty in the poorest parts of the world

Of course they aren't going to alleviate it, they are doing all they can to cause it and make it as horrible and long lasting as possible.
I cannot believe that this crisis, the Global Food Crisis, is being covered on American TV on... the Colbert Report.

And my blog.

http://americangoy.blogspot.com/2008/04/global-food-crisis-do-we-blame-al-gore.html
http://americangoy.blogspot.com/2008/04/time-magazine-how-hunger-could-topple.html
http://americangoy.blogspot.com/2008/04/colbert-just-run-global-food-crisis.html
That will just speed up the population decline. [Oh look bunnies!!](http://www.personal.psu.edu/auk183/LotkaVolterra/LotkaVolterra1.html)
Why should failing businesses that can't compete be supported by the taxpayers?

New Zealand eliminated farm subsidies a while ago and their agricultural industries are doing better than ever.
because children report shit, dumbass.
I'm from southeastern Indiana, where this is true. Not very flat at all.

No small farmers left, unless you count the guy that has 2000 acres, and just gave a $1mil settlement to his divorcing wife. I think my grandpa said that there was a neighbor still trying to grow just 20 acres of tobacco, but that mostly ended years ago.

I guess I'm wrong though. I concede. But if there's ever a chance at ending the subsidies, for everyone... I'd still vote to do so.
Because the alternative is an army of homeless people being supported by the taxpayers?
False dilemma

Maybe instead of depending on handouts those farmers could figure out ways to become more competitive.
Honestly I do think there is probably a better way than the subsidy system we have now, I'm just trying to illustrate that it isn't a black-and-white issue.
Me too.

NPR is sounding the alarm multiple times per day.  I heard an Oxfam exec on this morning.
almost all the methods of making farming more competitive require a capital outlay that these people absolutely cannot afford.
Yeah I definitely just turned off CNN and it's a bona-fide part of the cycle.
Errr, no...

It's simple supply and demand. It has nothing to do with the credit crisis...
Fear-monger much?
Then find another way to compete or be successful. Otherwise they go out of business, which is what happens to every other business that can't adapt to changing business environments.

Nobody owes you money because you can't figure out a way to make your business successful.
I can still get the $3.99 orange chicken down at Pings ;)
That's what I said, dipshit.
I think the word 'crisis' is overused.
No, they owe you money because you grow their fucking food, only they don't want to pay what the food costs to grow.
... Except i was being sarcastic.
Speculation *is* regulation. By buying stuff when the price is low and selling it when the price is high, you help supply goods when they are most needed.
yeah.  You increase the supply of money and it's demand goes down causing prices to go up.

BTW: global grain production increased this last year 

http://www.allaboutfeed.net/news/id102-44011/global_grain_feed_supplies_forecast_higher.html
&gt;only they don't want to pay what the food costs to grow.

This is exactly why subsidies are a bad thing. They encourage more businesses to enter an already saturated market. In order to compete with each other they have to keep lowering prices far below what they would normally have to. When subsidies are eliminated the businesses that cannot compete will leave the marketplace and prices will go back up to profitable levels.

Just look at New Zealand after they eliminated subsidies. Initially farm profitability went down but efficiency increased in the long run. Today NZ farms are more efficient and profitable than they ever were when they were receiving subsidies.
you misspelled gay
Well once the subsidies are gone, anybody who won't pay what the food costs to grow will be getting hungry.
[deleted]
Again, I do think there's a better method than subsidies, but what do you do about the transition between subsidy-supported market and "free" market farming?  It's easy to sit there in your comfortable chair and say "initially farm profitability went down," but what you're talking about is a very, very slim profit margin (if they're making a profit at all) that is needed to feed families.  It's not like these people can afford to pick up and move to where they can find different work, which is just as well since all the jobs they're educated/trained enough to do have been shipped outside of the country.  Not to mention the emotional factor of leaving land your family has lived on for, in many cases, longer than America has been a nation.  You'll see armed insurrection before you'll see that happen, in many areas.

These are messy issues and need to be recognized as such.
Money supplies are NOT controled by the FED. Only the US markets are. 

We are talking about WORLD supply not just the US, so again it's supply of product vs demand...
well considering that the american media- oh shit, the pizza's here
You sure will.
If they focused on it...it would be fear mongering.
&gt; After a generation or two of that the people don't even know HOW to farm anymore.

Well, yeah.  Not all wars are fought with armies.  It'll be that much easier to extract resources from Africa if you spend a generation or two depopulating it first.
I doubt that. Cheap labour is always an asset for those.
Allowing it to happen threatens your own survival. Finding a long term permanent solution would be preferable.
Yep and then with the people that are left you work them to death extracting the raw materials and then you let them earn just enough to buy the finished goods which are then shipped back in from first world countries.  Also you keep a lot of armed conflicts going on by arming puppet warlords ( or killing leaders that truly want to stabilize and modernize their nation) and then you blame the civilian population for their country's woes in the worldwide media.
You should see all those hungry journalists!
Glenn scares me when he's right.
My food is doing just fine.  

Free Tibet!
[deleted]
Nope.  Money supplies are controlled indirectly by the fed by setting interest rates below market rates  ... and by 'special' financial bailouts that have the effect of pushing money into circulation.  Also, most of the countries of the world are watering down their currencies in lockstep with the US to keep exports competitive.  Once again, food production has increased more than population growth ... the problem is too much money supply, not too little food supply.
Obviously you can't do it all at once. Russia tried to do that after the collpase of the Soviet Union and it was a failure. The people had been dependent on the government for so long they didn't know how to take care of themselves.
"most of the countries of the world are watering down their currencies in lockstep with the US to keep exports competitive. Once again, food production has increased more than population growth"

Any source for that info or are you simply talking out of your ass…
No, it's not obvious when you speak only of "eliminating subsidies" and don't go into any more detail than that.
Eat more poon
Did J Cramer say buy or sell food?
Canning your own food doesn't cost much money, nor is it difficult. There isn't much ability needed as long as you can follow simple directions.  My family and I tried canning food for the first time recently and found it to be a very pleasant experience, as well as family bonding time.  The strawberry jam we canned tastes infinitely better than any brand I have ever purchased at a store.

Most people have room to garden in planter boxes as well, that's what I'm doing here in my suburban home. You'd be surprised how much food you can grow in a little space.  Also, look up 'Square Foot Gardening'.
Damn, those are some smart bunnies. Do they calculate that in their heads or do they have secret chalk boards?
&gt;Also, look up 'Square Foot Gardening'.

I keep my own square foot garden and love it.

You are correct canning is not that difficult but if done incorrectly you can really make yourself sick.

It still takes a decent amount of time/land/work to feed a family of four with a home garden.  Not to mention in lots of areas of the country the growing season is very short.
That's works until people die of starvation, then they kill you and eat you and your food.
Smoot Halley tarriffs? Great Idea!!!
Money supply way up:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M3_%28economics%29#United_States

Food supply up:
http://www.allaboutfeed.net/news/id102-44011/global_grain_feed_supplies_forecast_higher.html
You're very smart.
[deleted]
&gt;&gt;&gt;No small farms left. Really, there aren't any left. None.

&gt;&gt; [...] dad's farm [...]

&gt; Your dad's the exception.

I think reverendfrag4 successfully defeated your bold absolutist statement.

There *are* small farms left.  Lots of 'em.
The MainDream media will deny there is a problem until we get food riots.

then they'll blame liberals for the mess (default scapegoat) and maybe someone in charge will start doing something about it

for the mean time just keep watching American Idol
Absolutely, but it's a hell of a lot better than nothing.
What can be done?  Ultimately, there is no such thing as a shortage of food, only an over abundance of people.

As cruel as it sounds, famine is the natural solution to such problems.
Fuck off.
The American Media can't get facts straight about what happens in the US, what makes you think it can get a grasp on what really happens in the world?
&gt; ending farm subsidies.

Let me repost an old comment of mine regarding US food subsidies:

There is wisdom in maintaining the current status-quo of food subsidy. Any nation not able to feed its population is at the mercy of the food suppliers. The US is just promoting other nations to rely on it to get their food. If US cuts the supply, then hell sets loose on the consuming side. There is an old saying: "even the most developed nations are just three meals away from a revolution". I think, when the subsidy was initially established, this was the real reason behind the grant. This is probably the fastest way to win a war without firing a single bullet.

Ex-Yugoslavia was and very much still is a heavy food exporter to the rest of Europe and the world. I recall visiting ex-Yugoslavia while the NATO embargo was in place. The embargo could have been indefinetly carried on, and there would be no popular uprisings. Food was cheap and plentiful. The autonomy of the country was secured.

When Bush &amp; Co. decided to mass produce bio-fuels, the reason behind the subsidies started to come to light on the rest of the world. Hopefully this will be a wake up call to all countries who decided to leave the food issue on the clutches of the free market.
It wasn't that long ago that there was talk about how there were more overfed people in the world than underfed.  Maybe this food crisis is more a crisis of distribution.
So, using massive amounts of corn for biofuels or animal feed has nothing to do with it?
Nicely said. I wish I could get other people to understand this. Reddit sure feels like the only place where people read or are informed.
Glenn scares me no matter what, particularly when the television is muted.  The only time he's a joy to watch is when it's on The Daily Show.
But, these subsidies encourage farmers to grow nothing but corn and soy for use in industrial food processing, and the reason they make so little is because they are encouraged to produce as much as possible - more yield. If farmers turned their fields back into traditional, organic farms, they could command true market prices for all kinds of produce, as well as healthy pastured meat.

It would also encourage local food production and distribution,and would help the average consumer eat better as well.
Not true - I just had a BigMac and fries.
To add to your argument, and that is what is actually grown. It's not food staples, like sweet corn, it's #2 field corn, which is grown to be broken down into chemical components for industrial food processing, animal feed, and biofuels. Same with soybeans, which are the rotational crop for the field corn. So, what's being subsidized is more non-food than food. 

So, Americans themselves are only three meals away from a revolution, since the majority of crop is not destined to the table.
Hooray for Social Darwinism!  Jackass.
Actually, the problem (as I understand it) is that Nixon and Ford decided to kill off the old program of price supports.  That program had prevented farmers from selling all their corn.  The end of the old program resulted in farmers putting their corn directly onto the market, which flooded it and drove the price down.  The next year, farmers planted more corn to make up for the previous year's shortfall, which had the effect of driving the price down further.  It's a vicious cycle.  Farmers can either A) not plant corn and go broke, or B) grow more, flood the market, and drive the price down again.  This is explained very well in one of the early chapters of *The Omnivore's Dilemma* by Michael Pollan.
Yeah, well most people don't want to understand anything but their own narrow, uninformed, false, world view. Sad.  Sometimes it's just too hard for many people to actually think and realize how corrupt this world is.
But, the reason their local food production has slumped is due to the US and EU flooding their markets with cheap staples, making it impossible for them to compete. They've become dependent, since the IMF has made it impossible for them to directly compete, as terms of their loans state they cannot subsidize, nor apply tariffs to imports. Otherwise, they may be able to take care of their own needs by local food production.

...welcome to globalization.
Good, so we don't even have to try anymore. We need to cut back on handouts anyway, so this is good.

Enjoy your famine guys! bbl!

:::waves:::
How is it a different problem?  How are non-americans any less human than americans?

I encounter this sentiment all the time and I don't know of ANY modern moral system which lets you somehow believe your countrymen are more human than other people.  Please explain this to me.
Every time this happens, the well fed survivors dust themselves off, and loudly exclaim how well the system works.
Who cares if it's a 'natural' solution? Fuck nature, it's a bad solution.

I think there might have been a reason why we invented civilization, after all.
Yea there's some things he says that are pretty far right, but he doesn't hide he's a conservative, unlike some other commentators (both sides). Ya can't fault the guy, he's been using the R-word longer than any of the other major talking heads. I know I flip around, Olberman has master puppet theater, O'Reilly is doing a culture quiz and Beck has the President of the Czech Republic. Who you gonna watch?
[deleted]
Olberman to confirm my preset beliefs.
[deleted]
[deleted]
'cause I don't know any of the non-Americans.
[deleted]
I was at Costco in Vacaville, CA today.  Every person in line (except for 3) had two bags of rice each.  Me, I stocked up on Clif bars.
[deleted]
All true.

Yet another case of nations not minding their own business and causing massive problems.
It's this kind of irresponsibile, attention-deficit consumerism that's going to burn this- hold on a second, iPhone ringing
I believe it was Ebenizer Scrooge who said something about famine reducing the surplus population?
Maybe you should pick up the New York Times
What the fuck are all you people doing with all that rice?
I hope you aren't serious.
Let's think about this.  A 100% jump in a year?  I don't think the "food crisis" has everything to do with that.  Do you?
Or watch CNN.
and the panic rhetoric continues... Americans won't starve.  America will literally have to be invaded and taken-over by a foreign power, before it starves.
On German tv they showed recent footage of people fighting for loafs of bread. Seeing that makes the problem a lot more real to a viewer.
Not only is the actual coverage important, but the way the problem is shown matters also. If the coverage is limited to a mere remark of rising food prices, then the problem doesn't quite communicate as well as seeing people actually fighting for a loaf of bread.

That being said the aid organisations can't really handle the amount food they need to distribute. They simply don't have the capacity. Some villages in Africa get only 1/8th of the food that is needed to keep the inhabitants of the villages alive.
This can't be solved by aid organisations only. Something fundamental needs to change, because the root of the problem is fundamental. Unethically inflating the money supply is one of those root causes.
its probably the pirates!
just like we handle illness, by waiting for it to kill *everyone*!
that comment made my day.
Really? When I saw your post, that was the last one I thought it'd be referring to.
We planted too many tomatoes and couldn't even give them all away.  We already have tomato plants growing from the fallen ones this year.  If only we could get pepper plants to grow, too.
[deleted]
Rice doesn't go bad.  People are betting that the price is going to go way up as scarcity increases.
Tryin' ta get laid by Asian chicks!  Woohoo!
&gt;Subsidies are about the only way small farms stay afloat.

I knew that statement was bullshit, so I had to look it up.  

"In recent years, the biggest 10 per cent of the farm businesses have received 72 per cent of the farm subsidies, according to the environmental working group."

"Two-thirds of American's farmers and ranchers receive no direct government support, mostly because they produce food that doesn't qualify." (non-commodity crops)

"California is far and away the leading farm state in terms of sales, but 90 percent of its farmers receive no agricultural subsidies."

Here are [a](http://www.ewg.org/farm/redraw/) [few](http://www.ewg.org/node/26235)  [links](http://www.ewg.org/node/22189).
&gt; 2) outlaw conversion of food into ethanol intended for fuel 

Outlaw conversion of food into animals intended for food.

Around 80-90% of the grain the U.S. produces goes to feed livestock.
[deleted]
Welcome to the real world.
...that's not chicken
I'm starting to think that most of the food crisis in the western world is largely fueled by hysteria, and people stocking up on bags of rice.  I'm wondering if commodity prices reflect the stock market not being sexy, and the housing sector being in the tank.  Commodity trading may be the next bubble.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
You post reads like a play book on world domination. I've always wanted to rule the world.
Don't worry, Murdoch will blame it on Liberals
It'll feed the rats and weevils, someone's got to think about them.
...Impossible Mission Force?

/sarcasm
&gt;Fuck off.

bad day at the office?
Fly to DC and pass them out on 1-21
yo momma
Der Spiegel did it.
No, but just because I'm willing to concede to someone who won fair and square, doesn't mean I'm going to reward you, troll. Too bad that few agree with me.
Whatever, dude.  I only pointed out three successive quotes that demonstrated you backpedaling on an absolutist (and quite frankly IMHO, arrogant) statement.  I didn't ask anything of you and thought your hostile response to me to be both simultaneously juvenile and poor form.  I was willing to give you the benefit of the doubt, but I see my optimism was misplaced.
[Me too](http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=17354821)!
Hey, sexy mama... wanna kill all humans?
I hate to spit on everyones parade, but this has more to do with a "commodities bubble" than a food crisis. Now that farming is really profitable now, everyone is going to scramble to start farming the back forty that has been sitting empty. Hey, here's an idea, let's kill all those corporate farm subsidies and cut the huge budget deficit.
Well, if worse comes to worse, there are plenty of fat people all over the US that can be eaten by the slimmer folks.
[deleted]
http://stuffwhitepeoplelike.wordpress.com/2008/01/20/11-asian-girls/
File under: Phantom Menace
I didn't say *everyone*.  At the end of the day, there is a an upper limit to the population the planet can support.  

There is no way around it, you can't have an eternally growing population.
Is there any other solution?  Can the earth support an ever increasing human population?

Think of it in the long term, not only about this particular crisis.  Eventually the number of humans living on earth will have to stagnate.
http://img153.imageshack.us/img153/143/breadlinestz7.jpg
[deleted]
I would hazard that 13-15% is not "feeding most of the world". 

Especially when much is used for biofuel and animal feed in the US.
Well I'm pretty sure the people who can barely get a mouthful of rice for their meals would be horrified by the amount of food that gets thrown away in my house.

To have the option to say "oh I really don't feel like eating so and so today, it will go bad but whatever" is something very odd.  I'm guessing this attitude might start to change when things get more expensive.  People will probably be making sure they are consuming what they are purchasing.  Whether that will result in more even distribution however, I kind of doubt.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
The global population will level off by the end of this century, according to most estimates.

Yeah, there's going to be a lot of new mouths to feed before that happens. I would prefer to close the gap through better resource management and technology rather than through passive class genocide.
&gt; The global population will level off by the end of this century, according to most estimates.

The question is, *how* will it level off?  People aren't going to stop fucking, that's for sure.
Did you, or anyone who voted you up, even read the link you posted?

FROM YOUR ARTICLE:

CORN: "In 2000, the U.S. produced almost ten billion bushels of the world’s total 23 billion bushel crop." That's 43.5%

SOYBEANS: "Over 350,000 farms in the United States produce soybeans, accounting for over 50% of the world’s soybean production and $6.66 billion in soybean and product exports in 2000."

WHEAT: "The U.S. produces about 13% of the world’s wheat and supplies about 25% of the world’s wheat export market."

SORGHUM: "The U.S. exports almost half of the sorghum it produces and controls 70% to 80% of world sorghum exports."

RICE: "U.S. rice production accounts for just over 1% of the world’s total, but this country is the second leading rice exporter with 18% of the world market."

So, we grow a huge chunk of the worlds food, and our food exports are an even large percentage of total global food exports. Our lowest export, rice, is still 18%, the higher exports are in the 40%, 50%, and higher ranges.

There's only one crop in the range you claim, wheat, and while we produce about 13% of it we account for 25% of the wheat on the world market (which means other places growing it are producing less excess than we are, and since there's a market to buy the stuff it means some can't grow enough to feed themselves).

Bah. I can't believe you tried to use that article as proof for that claim, and even worse at least 6 other people believed you and didn't even bother to read it!
Read my response to the person claiming the 13-15% numbers, or better yet READ THE LINK HE POSTED.
OK.

&gt; In 2000, the U.S. produced almost ten billion bushels of the world’s total 23 billion bushel crop.

That's produced. How much was actually exported?

&gt; According to the National Corn Growers Association, about eighty percent of all corn grown in the U.S. is consumed by domestic and overseas livestock, poultry, and fish production.

So, only 20% is actually eaten. 

&gt; In the United States, grain sorghum is used primarily as an animal feed

So we can discount that then, can't we?

Seems that even with a cursory read of the article, you can see that the US feeds less of the planet than you think it does.

EDIT: Read my above reply from a slightly more reliable source.
From the CIA World Factbook.

&gt; Exports - commodities: agricultural products (soybeans, fruit, corn) 9.2%

&gt; Imports - commodities: agricultural products 4.9%

Feeds the world, huh?
[deleted]
They're not going to stop dying, either.
My point exactly.
I don't think it is. My point is that global population is a function of both births and deaths. In a few decades, those two figures will be equal, and population growth will stabilize. The global birth rate is slowing.

People dying of starvation is the problem, not the solution. Environmentalism shouldn't take priority over humanism.
[deleted]
damnit, I scrolled down to the wrong one. sorry.
Goo thing this’ll only last a few weeks, then
&gt;since we basically feed the world

lol

I think you’ll find the US is a net importer of food, dode
we could plant some crops and give away birth control.

Summary:
I don't think it is.
I don't think the "food crisis" has everything to do with that.
There *are* small farms left.
The US produces like half of the worlds grains.
Good thing I planted way too many tomatoes this year.
The US is just promoting other nations to rely on it to get their food.
Along with the other things I needed to be able to grow them.
What the fuck are all you people doing with all that rice?
"The news you need to know."
'cause I don't know any of the non-Americans.
If only I could get the damned things to grow though.
The sooner people start to understand that we don't have a food crisis, we have a monetary one.
That's works until people die of starvation, then they kill you and eat you and your food.
&gt; Subsidies are about the only way small farms stay afloat.
How much was actually exported?
Subsidies are about the only way small farms stay afloat.
People aren't going to stop fucking, that's for sure.
I would hazard that 13-15% is not "feeding most of the world".
Food prices are going up, maybe he can adjust.
My food is all processed.
Err, there has been lots of news in the media about food prices and the crisis, don't know what you read.
Good, so we don't even have to try anymore.
Maybe this food crisis is more a crisis of distribution.
You increase the supply of money and it's demand goes down causing prices to go up.
That's because the global food crisis is really a global monetary crisis taking the form of a food crisis.
We only need to do #3, along with ending farm subsidies.
People dying of starvation is the problem, not the solution.
Canning your own food doesn't cost much money, nor is it difficult.
&gt; After a generation or two of that the people don't even know HOW to farm anymore.
Besides, how much does he actually get in subsidy, anyway?
This whole small farms thing is a little off.
After a generation or two of that the people don't even know HOW to farm anymore.
Especially when much is used for biofuel and animal feed in the US.
There is no way around it, you can't have an eternally growing population.
Yes, stocking up on canned food means you are killing people!
Food was cheap and plentiful.
Not very good at gardening.
&gt;only they don't want to pay what the food costs to grow.
We'd just fuck up the food crisis even more if we tried to help.
That's what I said, dipshit.
Yeah, there's going to be a lot of new mouths to feed before that happens.
People will probably be making sure they are consuming what they are purchasing.
Well, if they use modern agricultural technique then many of them may be able to feed themselves.
I'm starting to think that most of the food crisis in the western world is largely fueled by hysteria, and people stocking up on bags of rice.
If only we could get pepper plants to grow, too.
Can't ever plant too many tomatoes.
Money supplies are NOT controled by the FED.
Really, there aren't any left.
This is exactly why subsidies are a bad thing.
Once again, food production has increased more than population growth ... the problem is too much money supply, not too little food supply.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.44
