Original Response:
I'm surprised it's that many.
&gt;So, how are we to reconcile the disparity between those claiming to belong to a religion while at the same time saying they don’t believe in God?

I know plenty of people who went to catholic schools, grew up with catholic parents, but who don't actually believe in any of it. But if you asked them, they'd identify themselves as catholic.
and nearly 400,000 are Jedis
&gt; But if you asked them, they'd identify themselves as catholic

dimwits
No.  They see "catholic" as a cultural identitifier, not a not a religious one.
*Only*?
I think religous people here don't mention it to others so much, like they do in, say, America.
Given that the question was "in god" and not "a god", that's very much.
My thoughts exactly.  Being British, I'm very surprised at the figure, my personal experience tells me the figure is much lower, at least amongst the demographic I belong to (say 20 - 35).  I only have one friend who I can think of who I would consider religious, and even she labels herself as a lapsed Catholic.
Yeah I was raised Catholic and continue to participate in Catholic church basically for reasons of tradition, community service, and moral structure. But theologically I'm essentially agnostic.
38% is approximately 35% too many.
[deleted]
http://www.uua.org
Britons will say anything to get rice coupons.
For those interested, the [full report](http://www.statistics.gov.uk/statbase/Product.asp?vlnk=13675) is online (as a PDF), and the stats in question are on p219-220, which also contains:

&gt; ... In contrast, in Estonia and the Czech Republic, less than one in ﬁve stated that they believed in a God. In these countries, at least one in two believed that there was
some sort of spirit or life force (54 per cent and 50 per cent respectively). In the UK nearly four in ten (38 per cent) people believed in a God, a further four in ten (40 per cent) believed in some sort of spirit or life force and two in ten (20 per cent) did not believe there is any sort of spirit, God or life force.
That's 38% too many.
I may be wrong but I think he means he belongs to the 20 - 35 age range.
oh damn, of course. stupid of me
How sad.
That high?

Wow, we have some work to do.
that is precisely why they are dim
Calling all atheists!

We should stop describing ourselves as such. It just plays into the hands of theists. It makes us sound like some kind of rival cult that stands in need of justification (not that *religious* cults can provide justification for their beliefs).

An atheist is not a member of some kind of secular cult or club, he/she is just someone who refuses to accept non-empirical  metaphysical claims, someone who refuses to make normative and substantive claims about superstitious belief.

Describing ourselves as atheist is bizarre. I don't believe in unicorns either, or the reality of fairy stories, but I don't feel the need to use special terms to describe my non-belief in such things! 

Why should I need to indicate my *opting out* of superstition? Superstition is *opt-in*! It is those who hold belief who are obliged to provide grounds for their belief.

If we must refer to our non-belief, then instead of "atheist", we should describe ourselves as "*non-superstitious*" or (if you have no truck with religious belief but are superstitious in other ways) "*non-metaphysicalists*", or some other term which should ideally be both awkward to use in ordinary conversation and that highlights the heart of the matter, namely that theists believe in something for which no empirical grounds can be given.

Theism is not a *norm* from which we are obliged to indicate our having opted-out!
In Britain - at least in my experience - you are seen as a bit of a weirdo for being religious.
Godless whores.
How about "sane"?
Civilised whores.
Given the enormous number of "non-sane" people out there (including presidents and prime-ministers), I think we'll need slightly more subtle means.
It's true. Most people laugh at the Christians at my school.
Indeed.  The interview where Paxman asks Blair if he prays with Bush remains one of my favourites.
[deleted]
&gt; In Britain - at least in my experience - you are seen as a bit of a weirdo for being religious.

If you are Christian anyway. If you are a Muslim, or Hindu, or Buddhist, etc. etc. then you get a kind of patronizing permit-to-believe-in-the-non-rational that is typically given to those from non-Western ethnicities.
True. There is very strong culture which comes from religion, Christmas being prime example.
Woot, godless ftw! And whores too. 
PS: Use same pinch of salt as parent.
I understand your point - but they are still seen as weirdos.
Christianity is a safe and easy target and being critical of or outright abusive toward Christians rarely invokes the ire of the enforcers of political correctness (here in the UK).

I bet he wouldn't have asked a comparable question to the head of the "Muslim Council of Great Britain".
But if they laughed at a Muslim pupil's beliefs, they'd be expelled.
If only privately.
Booyah!
edit: booyah?
You guys also have to remember there is a difference in being "non-religious" and flat out "atheist" in Britain. Sometimes they get lumped together.
You can get that from Santa Claus.

In fact, Christmas has strong roots in other ceremonies that aren't Christian.  The tree for example comes from a winter solstice festival.
A lot of people instintively answer C of E when asked what religion they are, even if they don't really believe in God. I occasionally find myself doing it (I had a vaguely C of E upbringing), but I'm quite definitely atheist.
Accurate within 2%
[deleted]
[link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jedi_census_phenomenon)
That's why there are so many school shootings there. That and the rampant baby-eating.
Maybe I should move to England. Accepting of other views. What a concept.
I found a really [good comment](http://es.reddit.com/r/science/info/6f9hx/comments/c03ok0b) on this here the other day:

&gt;When people ask me if I am an atheist, I tell them that I am an Athorist. That is to say, my belief system is based on the notion that the Norse god Thor doesn't exist. This usually stops further inquiry. For those who aren't deterred by that, I simply tell them that I can only not believe in one god at a time, that I am a monoathorist.

[Another voice on the subject:](http://blog.iblamethepatriarchy.com/)

&gt;Imagine if it were the other way around. What if the citizenry were presumed a priori to entertain no goddish delusions? What if it were the norm to calmly accept the indifference of the cosmos toward individual humans? What if, were one moved to acquire an intimate understanding of the physical universe, the commonly accepted procedure were merely to observe it, rather than to make shit up using obfuscatory, 2000-year-old anthrocentric, dude-centric, earth-centric folklore?

&gt;In a world where deity-worship was a quaint curiosity, rather than a megatheocorporatocratic imperative, mystics who employed an Invisible Concierge of the Sky might be referred to as “atruthists.”
&gt;Godless whores.

That's the best kind.
[deleted]
Sadly true.
Not gonna downmod because I don't know how it is in the UK.  But in the US, it's pretty sick how much harassment Muslim kids have to endure at the hands of their peers.
Heh! Monoathorist. Excellent! Thanks for the links.

The "atruthist" joke echoes my complaint, namely that the term "atheist" simply throws the emphasis onto those without metaphysical beliefs *not having* them. Whereas, as your quote highlights, in a society with rationality at the centre of its mind-set, those who wish to make substantive and normative claims using a foundational premise that is not amenable to rational enquiry, should be the one's deemed to have opted out of something, or else, to "fail" to possess something.

I'm suspicious too of the creeping use of the term "faith". Compare "those who have no  religious belief" to "those who have no faith". A sly, emotive trick.

EDIT: Damn, I fell for it. "The atruthist *joke*". It's *not* a joke, of course. I'm sub-consciously playing the theist game, characterising non-belief as somehow non-standard, marginal, something that can be dismissed as facetious, etc.
Mmmmm.  Succulent babies.  And ale!
Do it quick, otherwise you won't be able to afford it.  Tanking dollar FTW.
I agree--monoathorist is the best word/concept ever.
I think quite a few people within the C of E instinctively say they believe in God when asked on surveys, even they don't really believe in God.
My comment was intended to highlight the asymmetry in attitudes towards religion here in the UK. 

It's fine to walk around with a rock band T-shirt on which is a picture of christ upside down on the cross, but if you were to wear a T-shirt with a comparable "insult" against Islam, you would quite possibly be arrested and charged with incitement (assuming, depending upon where you live, you didn't get lynched first).
Who gives a damn?
Agreed. Who really cares? For people that think that 38% is too little, go evangelize; For people that think that 38% is too much, you shouldn't, as long as that 38% keeps church and state separate.
How about "none of your damn business". A person's beliefs are their own. I'm usually more polite about it, but that's the sentiment. It usually works...
Thank god.
Not when that person's beliefs inform laws that affect us all, e.g. laws regarding the causing of "offence", regarding freedom of expression, regarding abortion, regarding blasphemy, regarding education, regarding teaching of scientific fact, regarding methods of punishment, regarding equality of the sexes, etc. etc.

So you see, a person's religious beliefs are often *not* a matter purely of their "own damn business". I, for one, wish they were.
Meh, the pound lost 20% against the euro since January 2007, so if you're worried about currency, Britain may not be the best place for you...
Damn I want to "insult" Islam so bad.
that's why our culture is degenerate and without morals.

soulless fools need to realise that we're alive and beautiful, not some biproduct of that eugenicist charles darwin's fatally flawed theory.
Why?  Most religious people in the UK keep it personal and don't have any issue with non-religious folks.  

They do have some political influence, but if it comes to that, the Archbishops of York and Canterbury are a lot more sensible than the average MP, and they certainly don't have anything to do with US religious maniacs (see 
[Canterbury's opinions on creationism](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/education/4828238.stm), for example).

So, why mess with them if they don't mess with you?  Bigotry in the UK comes from other places.
religion not = god.

religion = social control

god = theory starting to be proven by mainstream science

--

but you're right about religious people being laughed at in the UK
Really? Why?
32% are lying
+/- 1
Well, Sir Alec Guinness *was* a popular guy.
If theres a god with so many starving people in the world hes a real prick.
I agree with you. No wonder your chav problem is getting so bad. But just remember... you posted something that doesn't involve sucking Dawkins dick and the reddit atheist circle jerk is going to down vote you into oblivion.
"Arthur, Arthur, King of the Britons! Oh don't grovel! One thing I can't stand, it's people grovelling!"

"Sorry!"

"And don't apologise! Every time I try and talk to someone its 'sorry' this and 'forgive me' that and 'I'm not worthy'! What are you doing now?"

"I'm averting my eyes, Oh Lord!"

"Well, DON'T!"
The community of reddit is like a group of magnetic sheep.
Because Darwin thought we were all dead?
He has become more powerful than you could possibly imagine.
Just out of curiosity, I wonder what percentage would answer "yes" if asked about fairies or ghosts.
Darwin thought that a lot of us are genetically inferior, and thus not "alive and beautiful".
&gt;my personal experience tells me the figure is much lower

Are the people you spend time with average Britons?
Well census data from around my area says 71% of the people are christians only a slim 14% being atheists so I guess in some areas might have more atheists than others.
God doesn't give a fuck.
That's fair. We Christians in the U.S. laugh at Brits for many things, their teeth not being the least of many in a long list of things ;D
source, please.
&gt;god = theory starting to be proven by mainstream science

Wow, that's a lot of mistakes for one sentence.

"God" isn't a theory.  Unless you can come up with a scientific framework that explains all the observable "God stuff" (which no one can even agree is observable), and formulate falsifiable experiments that you can run to test the theory, then there's no "theory of God".

Also, science never proves anything.  The concept of "proof" is reserved to mathematics.  Science just deals with the preponderance of the evidence.
What a wonderfully welcoming opinion you have there :/

That's exactly the sort of attitude I have a problem with when it comes to people's opinions on atheists, and I imagine alot of people on reddit would get quite angry if they heard someone say that about atheists.
Do polytheist Britons make up for the ones that don't believe even in a single God?
"that's why our culture is degenerate and without morals."

mrmoney, Christianity had to wipe out half the population of Britain in order to make Britain a Christian society. Last time I checked, not particularly moral.
Education is a good thing and if people are clinging to outdated lies they need education. Obvious we cannot force anybody to believe anything but I think we could get a few more than 62% of people using logic and realising that there is no god.

It does nobody well to believe in fairy tales. We tell kids the truth (eventually) about Santa to help them. Sometimes the kid won't listen so we wait and we try again. Religion is just a more awkward version of the problem. You won't be able to show some people the logic and as I said, I wouldn't want a fight over it but I feel with a little work we can get this country heading in the logical direction.
Very true.  I think C of E is almost a way for non-religious people to feel like they belong to something "nice".  They don't really believe in God but there are many things about the church they like.  For example, weddings, baptisms, Christmas, easter, funerals, a good old sing-song etc. etc.  All of those things are still culturally important with or without a God.
It is interesting that you even mention 'atheists'. In my world the 'believers' are the anomalies worth naming and grouping. 'Atheist' is a redundant term most probably originating among 'non-atheists' and has structural implications that should only belong among those who 'believe', with all its totally fucked up implications.
Jesus will punish you for laughing at people worse off than yourself.  I would get yourself to a missionary immediately and come and convert the heathens.  

Or perhaps your particular interpretation of the words spoken by God means you don't have to do that and can laugh at our snarled up teeth in comfort.
What logic would that be?   Gödel was a deeply religious man, you think you would have been able to teach him a thing or two about logic?

What's wrong with some religious people is their bigotry.  What's wrong with some atheists is their bigotry too.  Focus on bigotry here: it is the problem, religion isn't.
A thoughtful reply, probably better written than I could do.

But it doesn't even touch upon my main point.  I feel that saying that people SHOULDN'T believe in God is just as offensive as saying that people SHOULD believe in a God.  Your original comment implies that having that many people believing in God is a bad thing in and of itself.

I strongly disagree with this sentiment.  Many people use Religion as a way to help strengthen themselves and it helps as a way for some people to build a basis of morality.  It's true that would be much better if everyone could be moral without religion, but for some it's simply much easier to become a better person if they think there's a God.  

One girl I know used her belief to help put herself back together after a fairly major tragedy in her life.  She likely wouldn't be doing as well in life now if she didn't have the strength that her belief gave her.  Do you think that's a bad thing?
Are you implying that all (belief)disagreements can be considered offensive?

Yes, actually I am positively convinced that believing in 'God almighty' is a bad thing in and of itself. The reason for my conviction? Passivity.

And what do I mean by this?

Let us say that people behaviour is based to some unknown degree upon their beliefs. And let us for simplicity state that there exists a scale, that we consider instrumental, on the character of the belief in the existence of a god, where one extreme is 'God almighty', and the other is 'God the creator' (who left everything to its own due course after creation).

I am going to limit my discussion to those who believe in 'God almighty'. These are the potentially most passive in my opinion. Why?

Their behavioural response to general responsibility is that they have no personal general responsibility as all responsibility belongs to 'God almighty'. They are not pro-active. Their general behaviour can be expected to be of 'faith' in that everything will solve itself without any need to act to change things, and that a possible mean of speeding up this divine problem solving process can be done through 'prayer' (aka 'wishful thinking').

If belief in God is the only thing able to help you handle tragedy, then you have bigger issues than the superficial tragedy you are trying to cope with currently.

God is a painkiller that alleviates the symptoms, but the cause of the symptoms is still there, you just do not need to confront it with God, if God does not wish you to do so.

Being a mature human being is about courage to confront the root causes of human suffering, rather than being satisfied with confusing symptoms with causes and making up delusional excuses for being a coward.
At the current rate, in a decade or two, they will all be praying to Allah - or be dead.
They should move to Dearborn, Michigan. Is a very large Muslim crowd there. Saying crap about them there would be the same as yelling nigger on a segway while being white in the heart of detroit.
Im a strong atheist but when im asked by people I know are religious who i dont know very well I say I was raised by christians.

Im not lying to them but if I say straight up I am an atheist most people, especially older people, think im immoral and screwed up in the head and then they try to convert me. After that they hate me for shooting down their beliefs with the arrows of truth.
Source??? His book on Evolution, maybe??!?
You are just being a pedantic degenerate.
Just because I said Darwin has had bad influence, doesn't mean I think Christianity has had good influence, now does it?

I know this is difficult for you to understand, but not everything is left-right, black-white, democrat-republican.

Stop being a tool.
Religion asks you to belive in things against logic. With no evidence, it asks you to accept things as truth. It is an easy jump from that platform to dangerous delusions, like fundamentalists. 

I am not saying we light torches and go burn the believers. I am saying we educate them as best we can and let them decide - we can't force people to think anything.

With a little more education though, I think most people would realise the idea of God is a stupid one. We'll just have to leave the rest and let them be. Freedom is their right.
Yeah because all British people have bad teeth. Sigh.
I have read "The Origin of Species", "The Voyage of the Beagle", his autobiography and I am presently reading "The Decent of Man".
I doubt if you have read any of them but still you make such an absurd statement based nothing  as if you were an expert. That is pitiful.
Here is a good quote from the man himself that I think you would do well to read:

Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science. 
Charles Darwin 

Next time you feel the need make a stupid assertion have the source(s) to back it up.
Nope.  religion asks you to believe in things that are undecidable: there's no proving to disproving anything about it.

The lack of evidence leads to the application of Occam's razor, but then the fact that something is unobservable and useless doesn't mean that it doesn't exist.

Don't get me wrong, religion freaks me out too, and I can't get around the notion that some people believe in weird shit like that, but then, if some of the smartest people of all times, if folks that can navigate realms of logics that would make your head explode are religious, then it's pretty clear that logics and education don't have anything to do with it, so what can you do...
One can have delusions and still be intelligent. Some of the world's most prolific serial killers outsmarted hundreds of dedicated police officers and law officials for long periods of time - some never even get caught.

They are still insane however. The ability to use reason is not proof of a reasonable mind.
Don't get me wrong.  I rather fancy British girls and their wonky smiles.  We Americans are too obsessed with having straight teeth.  At least Austin Powers didn't fix his teeth.  Smashing baby, smashing!
You're a bad person. :(

Summary:
I, for one, wish they were.
And what do I mean by this?
I feel that saying that people SHOULDN'T believe in God is just as offensive as saying that people SHOULD believe in a God.
They don't really believe in God but there are many things about the church they like.
Do you think that's a bad thing?
What's wrong with some religious people is their bigotry.
What are you doing now?"
What logic would that be?
A person's beliefs are their own.
One thing I can't stand, it's people grovelling!"
Your original comment implies that having that many people believing in God is a bad thing in and of itself.
What's wrong with some atheists is their bigotry too.
A lot of people instintively answer C of E when asked what religion they are, even if they don't really believe in God.
Im a strong atheist but when im asked by people I know are religious who i dont know very well I say I was raised by christians.
I am saying we educate them as best we can and let them decide - we can't force people to think anything.
Compare "those who have no  religious belief" to "those who have no faith".
Religion asks you to belive in things against logic.
I think religous people here don't mention it to others so much, like they do in, say, America.
Do polytheist Britons make up for the ones that don't believe even in a single God?
With a little more education though, I think most people would realise the idea of God is a stupid one.
Most people laugh at the Christians at my school.
Given that the question was "in god" and not "a god", that's very much.
that's why our culture is degenerate and without morals.
"that's why our culture is degenerate and without morals."
Yes, actually I am positively convinced that believing in 'God almighty' is a bad thing in and of itself.
I am going to limit my discussion to those who believe in 'God almighty'.
Yeah because all British people have bad teeth.
I'm surprised it's that many.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.22
