Original Response:
How are we going to tell our children and our grandchildren that we allowed this to go on for so long?  How are we going to explain, in good faith, that we knew this was happenning, read about frequently, but had no agency in stopping it.  

I can imagine these potential conversations, and it deeply saddens me that all I'll be able to tell them is, "I didn't know what I could do, and I felt completely powerless to affect any real change."

God, I feel like a good German.  So sad.
Don't worry, they won't care, having been indoctrinated to the new America at a young age.  Anyways, try to focus on the things that matter, like Britney Spears.
[deleted]
The day we close this place will be both a great day and an awful one; great in that a terrible evil has been eliminated and awful in what will be finally brought to light.
&gt; How are we going to tell our children and our grandchildren that we allowed this to go on for so long? How are we going to explain, in good faith, that we knew this was happenning, read about frequently, but had no agency in stopping it.

White people never really felt the need to explain Japanese internment to their kids and grandkids, so what makes you think they're going to want to explain Guantanamo?

I'm sure in 50 years they'll be harping on about freedom and pledging allegiance to the flag while locking up some other group of ethnic people in secret camps, just like they did 50 years ago.  You claim to be an American, but you seem to have an awful loose grasp of how things really work around here.
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt; White American Muslims

How are you gonna get all 20 of them to do this?
[deleted]
That reminds me of North Korean prison camps where the guards get in deep trouble if they treat the political prisoners like human beings in any way.
Funny, back when it was alright to do all that and GWBs approval ratings were relatively high everyone (including ultra-critical people of current Bush Administration (TM) such as Jon Stewart) agreed that he was guilty of treason without verifying the facts at all.
Don't vote this down, jesus
This is sad, especially the part where he was taken away in sensory deprivation (blacked out goggles/silencing earphones) to a Guantanamo-equivalent in the USA for American citizens that no one ever hears about.

Downmodded though, as this is old news.
This might sound unpopular but I don't care about insulting a person's religion, especially if he's a terrorist.  If they think it will get useful information out of them, let them squirt pigs blood on the ignorant bastards, who cares.

If he's a catholic, let him be interrogated by a big robotic virgin Mary, if he's a jew let them construct an android that looks like a psychiatrist, whatever.

And if anybody thinks flushing a Koran down the toilet is torture then they're nuts.  

Yes, you should be respectful of other people's religion... until people are dying and the only way to stop it is to threaten to wipe your ass with the Koran, then you should wipe away with a clear conscience.
It's just so sad to see how a great country can be turned into something so diabolic. I feel bad for you guys because I know 99.99 of you are still very good people, but will have to carry the burden of the stupidity of that .01
&gt;Yes, you should be respectful of other people's religion... until people are dying and the only way to stop it is to threaten to wipe your ass with the Koran, then you should wipe away with a clear conscience.

Except it doesn't do a damn thing to stop people from dying.
[deleted]
I'm pretty sure squirting pigs blood on the "ignorant bastards" crosses some sort of line of appropriate and ethical interrogation techniques.  But I guess they are just terrorists.

And I don't think that things like flushing Korans down the toilet makes them, or any Muslims anywhere, any more eager to help the US.  If anything, it just pisses them off and makes them all the more resolute not to.  That's probably why we need to resort to "real" torture.
History is written by the victors, as long as the US is on top you wont need to explain anything unlike the Germans who had western propaganda using Nazi atrocities to make Germans look bad. Yet the US has committed far more atrocities since then and still gets away with it.
look the point is, theyre accused terrorists. most arent and are sent home eventually. you condone this to be done on people still awaiting trial? or are you branding them guilty for just being muslim?
&gt;Yet the US has committed far more atrocities since then and still gets away with it.

Let me know when America tries to take over the entire world through force and has one of it's goals, the literal extermination of an entire people. Bush and Co. would spare every Muslim if they could still get the oil. So stop with the fucking America!= Nazi Germany bull shit already. Tally up the deaths from WWII (a war started by Nazi aggression) and then try to straight faced compare that to the Iraqi atrocity.
Dude you posted something that wasn't Anti-American... what did you expect. This is reddit "the land of the anti-American/religion/etc"
Thats my feelings. I am Catholic, but if using a Rosary for anal beads in front of a "Catholic terrorist" is going to save lives- then do so. I am sure God can overlook something like that to save lives.
Torturing people to *really really* make sure they're guilt? Brilliant!
Not speaking about Iraq specifically, that's just a drop in the ocean...
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/My_Lai
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_Gun_Ri

Nazi Germany was a product of WW1, the allies forced a bankrupt Germany to accept their terms of surrender which German Soldiers like Hitler vowed to avenge.

WW1 was an unnecessary Imperial war that led to many tragedies since then.
You may want to rethink your math considering that nearly 48% of people in this "great" country voted for bush in 2000, nearly 51% voted for him in 2004, and a significant number will vote for McCain this year.
&gt;People could at least respond with why they disagree with what I wrote

I voted your earlier comment down because it's full of nonsense.

I don't think you really deserve a response, but it looks like people
are starting to have pity on you, and I'd like to persuade them not to.

* It's nonsense to say his accusations are based only on statements from
prisoners.  He saw the conditions they were held in, and he was himself
arrested and says he went through sensory deprivation.

* He met the prisoners for the purpose of being their spiritual adviser
-- specifically to hear the types of things you'd tell your priest.  He
pointed to specific things about them, such as age and apparent lack of
training, to support his claim that they were not hardened terrorists.
To say that he didn't have enough information to form an opinion with
some weight is nonsense.

* Taking charges brought as evidence of guilt (there was
[never actual evidence][usa] that what he had was classified) without
taking charges dropped, clearing of his record, and honorable discharge
as evidence of innocence is nonsense.

* It's fine to be skeptical about statements by people with a motive,
but when both sides have a motive, it's nonsense to declare that
therefore your favored side is more credible.

[usa]: http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2004-05-16-yee-cover_x.htm
And how many Jews were slaughtered in the Holocaust?
Millions, yet Stalin killed many more and he was a US ally wasn't he..
I don't think ally would be the proper word. It was one of those "the enemy of my enemy" deals. FDR and Stalin hated each other. I am sure you know about America not relieving the pressure on the eastern front etc and the conflict between the two leaders that was created by it. 

Just because two nations are fighting a common enemy doesn't mean they are buddies. Everyone knew that after Hitler's threat was taken care of- the Red and the Yanks were going to have it out.
my point is insulting a person's religion is not torture.
Well, this is what some good Germans were up to:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_Rose 

Writing and printing bunches of leaflets, sending them around, etc.  It can be done these days too.

Summary:
God, I feel like a good German.
Yet the US has committed far more atrocities since then and still gets away with it.
look the point is, theyre accused terrorists.
And I don't think that things like flushing Korans down the toilet makes them, or any Muslims anywhere, any more eager to help the US.
How are we going to explain, in good faith, that we knew this was happenning, read about frequently, but had no agency in stopping it.
&gt;Yet the US has committed far more atrocities since then and still gets away with it.
I am sure God can overlook something like that to save lives.
Torturing people to *really really* make sure they're guilt?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
