Original Response:
... and why shouldn't he be?

[Info.](http://sangam.org/taraki/articles/2006/07-13_Struggle.php?uid=1836)
Did you actually read that? 

&gt;As terrorist outfits go, MK was at the more responsible end of the spectrum. For a long time, it attacked only symbols and servants of the apartheid state, shunning random attacks on white civilians even though they were the main beneficiaries of that regime. By the time it did start bombing bars and the like in the 1980s, Mandela had been in prison for 20 years and bore no direct responsibility for the MK's acts
I did.  On one hand, I agree with Rice - it's ridiculous for him to be on the list.  On the other hand, he's never publicly denounced terrorist acts which were carried out.  It wouldn't take him long to do so, and would eliminate unecessary posturing about the issue.
[deleted]
Remains the same thinking today.
Depend which side the media monkeys are told to be on this week. 
Are they a group helping the USA secure freedom this week  or are  they terrorists fighting the USA to destroy freedom this week.
Do as you are told,  patronise the military and shut up!
[deleted]
OH MY GOD!
What about clones 1-89?
[The state of Israel was founded on terrorism, the group finally became part of the IDF](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lehi_%28group%29)
&gt;&gt;On the other hand, he's never publicly denounced terrorist acts which were carried out.

I guess after all he has done, a bit of denunciation for the sake of *rick_sparks* is required from Mandela. Dude you need to get off  your high horse. This man has done more for his nation than you could accomplish in 10 life times.
Damn, I mean, I'm a racist white Australian bigotted right-wing unsympathetic piece of shit, and even I admire Nelson Mandela. He might be a coon but he's better than me.
&gt;racist white Australian bigotted right-wing unsympathetic piece of shit

I reckon:

racist white red-neck bigotted right-wing unsympathetic piece of shit

sounds more universal...
I like my wording better, but yours is not without it's charm. 

I think my wording flows better though. You see, putting the word white in between racist and red-neck is redundant.

edit: oh, you were referring to Aussie, vs generally white racists...oh, okay, are you familiar with white Australian racism?...it's a particularly virulent strain, I'm one, and I consider myself enlightened.
Hmm...wonder why that could be? Maybe perhaps because since the ANC has taken over, the country's infrastructure has fallen apart, crime is rampant, and innocent whites are afraid for their lives?
oh I see, carry on :D
Nazis don't like freedom fighters. 

 He will not be removed from that list.  

They want to be able to hassle him at will.
There's white people in Australia?
Here you are trolling again.  

The world would be safer with *you* on the terrorist list.
Whiter than the whitest white dwarf star that has been captured in it's incandescent death by Hubble's blue penis floating way up in the last figments of our real selves, forgotten, fucking us all. You hate what cannot ever be true, because you know we will never be brothers. 

NEVER.
Yes, and unfortunately so are over 1,000,000 Americans.
On this "War on Terror" those waging it only need look as far as the mirror to find the real terrorists.
Bruthas though... maybe?
In South Africa, violent crime is the new terrorism. Whites are not the only victims, but the number of farm attacks has  to be based on racial hatred. Are criminal ignorants trying to emulate their "struggle" heros?  Once terrorist methods are resorted to, then a precedent is created.
Also when I look at rapists and murderers being granted bail all too easily, it seems that our very progressive laws are just user-friendly to criminals.
just when you thought the US couldn't get more retarded they come up with stuff like this.   lol

way to raise the bar on dumbness.
Obligitory Wikipedia reference:
&gt;In 1961, Mandela became the leader of the ANC's armed wing, Umkhonto we Sizwe (translated as Spear of the Nation, also abbreviated as MK), which he co-founded. He coordinated a sabotage campaign against military and government targets, and made plans for a possible guerrilla war if sabotage failed to end apartheid. A few decades later, MK did wage a guerrilla war against the regime, especially during the 1980s, in which many civilians were killed.
How come we never get to read about the positive sides of racism in the mainstream media?
[deleted]
You need to stop stalking me.
Idiot.  Did you miss the part where I stated I agreed with Rice?

Your attempt to make this personal indicates you are nothing more than a useless troll.  With that, I pronounce a hearty *FUCK OFF*.
This is a front page story.  You're suffering from delusions of gradeur if you actually think I or anyone else would follow you around.  Believe me, I wish I never saw your posts again. I just came in here and saw you doing your norm of spreading disinformation and hate.

Carry on, don't let anyone stop you, just lay off the threats.
I've made no threats.  Also, the fact that this story is of interest has no effect on the nature of my comments, moron.  Get a clue.

Simply put, you're an impotent troll who makes blatantly fallacious accusations and are also a stalking idiot.  Perhaps you could do the world a favor and go swallow the end of a .45.
A child, with abysmal insult skills, hiding behind semantics hoping nobody will notice.

A study in self-hate and impotence.
You are a pseudo-intellectual with delusions of importance.  You are about as valuable as shit in a sewer.
When you take words I've used and try to use them, you reveal more of what you don't know, and look that much more ignorant and moronic.
I've done nothing of that nature.  You are a troll.  Begone, twit.
How am I the troll when you were the one trolling, and now are the one using my words, and childishly insulting me over and over?
Please die.  You're useless.
Ah, now you're just repeating yourself without any extra effort.

I suppose you've been worn down, and full of self-doubt.  We can end this whenever you like, troll.
Let's break this down:

re sentence #1:  Repetition is the only thing that gets through to morons like you.

re sentence #2:  You're projecting again.

re sentence #3:  You're the troll here.  You brought remnants of a completely separate conversation into this thread.  You also used terms I used to describe you (i.e., delusions of grandeur) during a private conversation and then tried to claim I was copying you.  You're pathetic.

Let's end this now, shall we?  Or would you like me to continue to educate and embarrass you?  Here, I'll put this in terms your kind usually understands:  FUCK OFF.
No, you're wrong, and lying again.

Just like you lied over and over you didn't threaten me, but reddit deleted both of them.

Just like you lied how you didn't use epithets.  Um, you've said "fuck" how many times?

But if you wish to walk away, tail between your legs, so you can lick your wounds, I would actually suggest that.  

Now shoo!
You're deranged.  Even if I *had* threatened you (which I most assuredly did not), reddit wouldn't delete such comments in the manner you describe.  Organizations like this don't erase evidence, idiot.

I have no wounds to lick, especially from the likes of you.  Again - you're projecting.  

Please get professional help soon, you sorry excuse for a human.  Keep this kind of behavior up and you may accidentally confuse the relative safety of internet anonymity for real life, and find yourself opening your festering maw against the wrong sort of person - I'd wager that you've never been clocked in real life, but that you most certainly are due for it.

Now, please - fuck off.
Yes, you did threaten me.  That's why those comments were deleted, liar.  Deny it all you want.

What is so sad at this point is how you try to hide your pathetic little threats behind a layer of rhetoric.  

The use of layered language is typically for nuance.  When you use it for a threat, like you continue to do, you just sound like a total coward.

Now, please - do not reply, kind sir.
You are a moron.  

Are you a Scientologist engaging in fair game? Or do you just think it's funny to make false claims about people?  Either way, you are of shallow character and no moral standing.  

Please die soon.
I've asked you not to reply, but here you are, repeating yourself, and copying my words.

Now, go away, I'd like to be done with your hate and lies.
I've asked you to stop making false claims about me, but you continue to do so.  Frankly, you're a piece of shit that has no value in society.  Ever wonder why you spend so much time on reddit?

You have no friends.
Oh, I see now.  You have no friends, because you are such a hateful angry prick, and you are searching on the internet to find a friend.

Well, I'm sorry to say, tolerating someone over reddit isn't the same as real life.  I just don't like you or your sick politics.  I will not be your friends, I'm sorry.
Lern2/Magoo bar bombing
*(sigh)*

I'm tired of feeding you, troll.  I will not respond to you in this thread again.
I WIN, YOU THREATENING TROLL!
Obligatory response:

&gt; I have already mentioned that I was one of the persons who helped to form Umkhonto. I, and the others who started the organization, did so for two reasons. Firstly, we believed that as a result of Government policy, violence by the African people had become inevitable, and that unless responsible leadership was given to canalize and control the feelings of our people, there would be outbreaks of terrorism which would produce an intensity of bitterness and hostility between the various races of this country which is not produced even by war. Secondly, we felt that without violence there would be no way open to the African people to succeed in their struggle against the principle of white supremacy. All lawful modes of expressing opposition to this principle had been closed by legislation, and we were placed in a position in which we had either to accept a permanent state of inferiority, or to defy the Government. We chose to defy the law. We first broke the law in a way which avoided any recourse to violence; when this form was legislated against, and then the Government resorted to a show of force to crush opposition to its policies, only then did we decide to answer violence with violence.

http://www.anc.org.za/ancdocs/history/rivonia.html
So are you saying it's true then?
No, I'm providing context.

Many people use the Wikipedia reference to "prove" that Mandela was in fact a terrorist, but very few actually know what his stance on violence was and that he was actually in prison when most the MK-related violence took place.
I guess what I'm confused about is whether sabotage fits in under terrorist acts. If you found and run an organization that executes acts of sabotage, doesn't that make you a terrorist?
&gt; If you found and run an organization that executes acts of sabotage, doesn't that make you a terrorist?

That depends on who you ask.

Summary:
I will not be your friends, I'm sorry.
I WIN, YOU THREATENING TROLL!
I like my wording better, but yours is not without it's charm.
I have no wounds to lick, especially from the likes of you.
We can end this whenever you like, troll.
I just don't like you or your sick politics.
Here you are trolling again.
Just like you lied over and over you didn't threaten me, but reddit deleted both of them.
On the other hand, he's never publicly denounced terrorist acts which were carried out.
I think my wording flows better though.
re sentence #3:  You're the troll here.
oh I see, carry on :D.
How am I the troll when you were the one trolling, and now are the one using my words, and childishly insulting me over and over?
&gt;racist white Australian bigotted right-wing unsympathetic piece of shit

I reckon:

racist white red-neck bigotted right-wing unsympathetic piece of shit

sounds more universal...
You need to stop stalking me.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
