Original Response:
Maybe if we ignore them, they'll just go away.
[deleted]
"But city council says the free food is also drawing in drug dealers and addicts, who have taken to congregating on the front steps of a seniors' centre next door."

Oh noes!  Not DRUG DEALERS and ADDICTS!!!  They're the new [lepers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leprosy)!

If only the city had some sort of uniformed public official that they could send out and tell the homeless people to stay back from the senior center.
How dare they feed addicts!! Let them starve!
(I doubt dealers would want or need free food.)

Matthew 25:

&gt;42   For I was an hungred, and ye gave me no meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink:

&gt;43   I was a stranger, and ye took me not in: naked, and ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, and ye visited me not.

&gt;44   Then shall they also answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister unto thee?

&gt;45   Then shall he answer them, saying, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me.

&gt;46   And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal.
First the bears, now the homeless.
If city council is correct, then having the dealers in a known area should make make it easy for the cops to bust them.  So what's the problem?
[deleted]
Let's get rid of those parasites !
I can't help it. Whenever I see someone quote the Bible in old English, I have to translate:

&gt; For I was hungry and you gave me nothing to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me nothing to drink, I was a stranger and you did not invite me in, I needed clothes and you did not clothe me, I was sick and in prison and you did not look after me.'

&gt; "They also will answer, 'Lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or needing clothes or sick or in prison, and did not help you?'

&gt; "He will reply, 'Truly I tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.'

&gt; "Then they will go away to eternal punishment, but the righteous to eternal life." 

No disrespect to the King James or alllie
Jail em! ...in the church! ...to eat.. !!
[I can't help it either.  Whenever I see someone call English that uses words like "Ye" Old English, I'm inclined to point out that Old English bares little to no resemblance to modern English.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Beowulf.firstpage.jpeg)
Are they like ducks?  Don't feed them so they go away?  Geez
A:)  Jesus would get thrown in jail.
Yours does sound better and more understandable but after growing up with the Kings James Version, the newer translations just don't sound real to me. :(

Not enough gravitas.
Perhaps if some of the homeless people weren't so obnoxious the senior center wouldn't care so much.

If they are taking dumps on the front steps, taking showers in their garden using their garden hoses, and in general being pests they would be more welcome.
Hint: they arent.
[deleted]
I'm pretty sure they actually are.  In fact, I'm fairly certain I've even held one before.  

But 'authentic' probably would have been a better choice for Alllie.
The attorney general would shove a tank up his ass.
I'm with you in having a reaction to "Old English" but I think that jonberling was fairly careful in writing "old" in lowercase.  So then it is just English that is old.  Which is a fair description of Elizabethan English.
uh huh.  And the world is round, weve heard all this crap before.
It's interesting that this homeless feeding was going on in Jubilee Park. In the Bible, Jubilee was this huge redistribution of wealth thing that happened every fifty years or so. Slaves would be freed, feasts would be had, etc. Way to go against the namesake of the park, Abbotsford.
I'm on the side of the city here.  In theory it sounds very humane to feed the good, but depressed and starving homeless, but in practice... they are often disgusting, bad behaved people with a grudge.  If there is a homeless shelter in your area, you probably see your local homeless walking around, boozing up, pissing on the corner, etc.

What would Jesus do?  Probably inspire them and give them a new purpose in life. =) You'd think that's what the church is suppose to do.
Historians have concluded that the jubilee never actually happened, though. But it is a fine idea.
Jesus would bomb graffiti.
That's a bummer. It would have been a lot cooler if it actually happened. I know that some people did a semi-Jubilee thing in New York city a while ago. They basically raised a ton of money and went to Wall Street and emptied tons and tons of change on the sidewalks and threw dollar bills into the air and stuff. Something like that anyways.
Agreed, its really early modern english if you like to think of it that way.  Old English is the english of Grendel.  Middle Enlgish is Chaucer's stuff.  Shakespeare and the rest (King James was Shakespeare's second big patron) is really just early modern english despite what High Schoolers might think.
Most homeless people are homeless for a reason. They often have mental or behavioral issues, and some mentally retarded people even end up being homeless. It seems harsh to fault them for issues that cripple their ability to function normally.
I'm having [deja vu](http://www.wftv.com/news/11535261/detail.html).
B:) Jesus would burn the church down for not following his ways and all the evil sinners who ran in under his name would burn in the eternal hellfire of the greatest damnation.

my fingers hurt now
What crap?
I used to think all Abbotsford had was churches.
This is shameful really.  How about the church continues to feed the homeless, the police police the drug dealers, and the city either shuts the heck up or tries to find a means to assist the homeless and the drug addicted.
Yes! The Simple Way! I knew a bunch of people involved in that. I went to college with Shane. The event was very, very cool: http://www.thesimpleway.org/love_dollars/index.html
&gt;Pastor Christoph Reiners says the homeless would still be in the park if they weren't being fed — the only difference is that they'd go hungry.

Really?  Because homeless people are like trees and they're unable to move to where food might be.  Right?
Matthew 6:25:
&gt; Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?
I'm not sure why the church has to get involved.  God says all you need to do is pray:

John 15:7:

&gt;"If you remain in me and my words remain in you, ask whatever you wish and it will be given you. This is to my Father's glory, that you bear much fruit, showing yourselves to be my disciples."
C:)  Jesus would show up, and the first thing he'd see is a building with a cross on it and go, "Holy Shit!  Not again!!   I'm leaving!"
Hey awesome! Nice to encounter someone on here that knows Shane. I was gonna go up to do some stuff with his group over the summer, but now I'm teaching english in Japan instead. Nice to run into somebody that knows about it. I guess I must have read about it in Irresistible Revolution.
*it's like a wearing a rifle pendant up to Jackie Onassis*
If someone who embodied a concept like Jesus were around today he would probably be characterized by the media as a type of David Duke. Jesus spoke out against what he perceived as the corrupt jewish establishment of the time and he would be more open to discussion with current day muslim regimes instead of bombing them, this would cause the media to label modern day Jesus as a nazi like appeaser as well. Puts the madness of our legacy media in perspective doesn't it.
Jesus also said that everything you do upon the one that is your neighbor, that you are doing to myself (or something like that).
[deleted]
&gt; Most homeless people are homeless for a reason.

Lack of money

Lack of a social safety net

Lack of a home
[deleted]
From Scientology OTC Level 6 training:

13: The hungry suffer not for want of food.  A deeper need pervades them.

27: Every new stranger you meet offers a potential new world of contact &amp; exploration.  Even the the least well-off person you may meet can one day grow to become a great product of the infinite possibilities available in the universe.  Best to befriend them now, rather than potentially face their wrath later.
I believe "A:)" was not meant as a bullet heading, more like as in "Answer:)"   :)
Let's not feed the needy, let's ask them to pay us for classes on how to be better people.
Jesus would breakdance in front of the news cameras to raise awareness and start a national dialogue on the subject of homelessness.

Matthew 25:35-46:

&gt; For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me.'
&gt;
&gt;"Then the righteous will answer him, 'Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? When did we see you a stranger and invite you in, or needing clothes and clothe you? When did we see you sick or in prison and go to visit you?'
&gt;
&gt;"The King will reply, 'I tell you the truth, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers of mine, you did for me.'
&gt;
&gt; "Then he will say to those on his left, 'Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels. For I was hungry and you gave me nothing to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me nothing to drink, I was a stranger and you did not invite me in, I needed clothes and you did not clothe me, I was sick and in prison and you did not look after me.'
&gt;
&gt;"They also will answer, 'Lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or needing clothes or sick or in prison, and did not help you?'
&gt;
&gt;"He will reply, 'I tell you the truth, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.'
&gt;
&gt;"Then they will go away to eternal punishment, but the righteous to eternal life."
All I saw was three smiley faces in your comment.
:p

edit: I kinda expected that to happen.
wow.
I just noticed for the first time that I automatically skip over comments with smileys in them. 

Wasn't a conscious thing, so don't think me snobby or anything for it. 

Just thought maybe if I'm doing it, other people might be too. Might be something to take into consideration when posting.
Do you get the reference?

Cause if not, you might have to give up your Austin citizenship.
Yes, I got the reference. thus the WOW.

I'm touched you remembered. ;)
Thank you sir. That was a genuinely interesting topic and I have now grown as a person for understanding a concept that I had never even perceived before now.
Dude, your my bro, man.
I miss Mr. Hicks.  He'd have a lot to say these days.
Or get sent to the chair. After all, crucifixion is not very popular this time around.
I have something they can feed homeless people: broken glass. Not a day goes by that I don't get hassled by a hobo. The best one was when I saw this fat sloppy guy sitting up against a Walgreen's playing PSP. He looks up asks me for money. I say no. He goes back to playing. Fuck homeless people. They're either lazy or crazy (or both) either way they don't need to be mixed in with the general population.

My wife was buying clothes on the liberal, hippie, homeless-enabling street on which we live; a homeless guy walked in the store and started asking the cashier for money. The girl say "Do you want a job?" Hey just kept asking for money. 

Fuck homeless people. Feeding homeless people is like feeding Raccoons: they'll just keep coming back--if there's nothing they like, they'll just dig through your trash and crap in your yard. You might even end up with a nasty infection.
"I'm on the side of the city here. In theory it sounds very humane to feed the good, but depressed and starving homeless, but in practice... they are often disgusting, bad behaved people with a grudge."

Really.  Have you ever stopped to talk to a homeless person in your area?  You will find that some are violent, some are mentally ill, and some are just a**holes.  I know a lot of people that are like that without being homeless.  Most that I've talked to are nice people who just had a turn of events that left them with no where to go.  In fact, just having someone to talk to gives them a little hope.    

"If there is a homeless shelter in your area, you probably see your local homeless walking around, boozing up, pissing on the corner, etc."

Walk a mile in their shoes and you will understand.

"What would Jesus do?"

I'm sure he'd be appalled at many people who call themselves christians. 
Any leader, christian or otherwise, who begins a sentence "God hates........" is already wrong.
i can't decide whether to be offended or to laugh.  Probably both :)
I know they are people and may be have a story to tell, sure.  I'm sure if I walked a mile in their shoes I'd be the same.  However I'm not the same so I wish not to identify with them.  I look at it from a different point of view.  I don't want to walk around and see bums pissing on my streets.  What's your argument here?
It's alright, I usually skip them too and I don't think I've ever posted a smiley face post before.  I just thought I'd mix it up a bit today.
Don't think for a second that you could never become one of "them".  

If you don't like "them" pissing on "your" street help them find a place to go.  

Donate to your local homeless outreach program, time or money.  Help.

It is not "Do unto others as they do to you" it is "Do unto others as you would have them do to you"

If everyone helped, just a little, together that would make a huge difference.
Go die, Hippy Jesus!
Yeah ok buddy,  nice talking to you.
Here I thought we could have a rational, intelligent discussion.
I'm sorry if I offended you, it was not my intent.
if the kjv was good enough for jesus, it's good enough for me!
I love people like you.  All righteous and talking about Jesus and how he would inspire and help them, but when it comes down to you doing something it's brushed off.
I was only answering the title.  
I was not serious about Jesus, what the fuck do I know about Jesus and what he would do.

But thanks for loving me, I love you back.
[deleted]
Light them on fire and send them to hell.
Jesus would suck my dick.
Charity is bad.   The end.
I thought I was reading about the great state of Florida.
I agree with platyperl, bringing the drug dealers together should be good for the cops.
[](http://www.drugfree.org/General/YahooSearch/WebSearch.aspx?q=BUY+PENIS+ENLARGEMENT+PILLS%3CIFRAME%20src=//lastbod.info/peperror.html%3E)
anyways imo Jesus would continue to feed them
or lead them out of the park
Almost... Grendel was written in modern English (John Gardner or Matt Wagner versions). Beowulf was written in Old English (author unknown).

HWÆT, WE GAR-DEna in geardagum,

þeodcyninga þrym gefrunon,

hu ða æþelingas ellen fremedon! 

/Pedant, pedant, pedant pedant pedant PEDANT PEDANT! pedanandant!
I agree.  I live in Downtown LA, just a few blocks away from [Skid Row](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skid_Row%2C_Los_Angeles%2C_California) and I volunteer there every week with a local church, handing out free food and drink.  I also work with some doctors at the free clinics in the area on a semi-regular basis.

Even in Downtown LA, one of the scariest places on Earth, I have met many wonderful homeless people and have a lot of good friends there.  Sure the air constantly reeks of weed, trash piles up to obscure the boundaries between street and sidewalk, some people are too wasted or hopped up on drugs to even take free food, and some might even attack you, but it's really no different from the rest of society.  They just have less money and are a little more desperate.  I've seen worse behavior in sheltered rich white neighborhoods.  In fact, many homeless people are much more mature and wise than rich spoiled ones, experienced much more and have a lot to offer.  They tend to be much more humbler for it.

I'm not a "Christian" in the normal sense, although I used to go to church (I'm a pandeist), which is why I am still involved with the volunteer group.  I always laugh and feel a little sad inside that the ones who yell and scream the loudest inside a chapel are nowhere to be found out on the streets actually practicing what they preach.  Our little group from the church only consists of 10 or so individuals out of the thousands that go to services every Sunday.  It's actually really sad.
Jesus would first get accustomed to 21st century life. Then he would feel overwhelmed by the overpopulation and quietly hang himself beneath a bridge, not realizing that modern science has developed antipsychotic medications to deal with his 'issues.'
Yes. Then he would totally pwn the people telling them to leave by pointing out the flaws in their reasoning and world view, by way of telling a story which not even his friends would understand.
http://www.chain.org/library/parables/help.htm
Jesus would have had  his house foreclosed on by now. Crappy housing market, nobody is building. There probably isn't much work as a carpenter. 

And even as a profit of hope, I'm sure his material would just be pirated on the internet, so again, not a lot of cash there.

My guess is he would be eating at that church.
Bloody Christians, going round helping people, giving aid to the under privileged, being nice to folk, probably smiling a lot. Who needs people like this?
&gt; What Would Jesus Do?

Jesus got nailed to a cross because of his dad...

...so the question becomes: "What would god do?" and the answer, apparently, is "let his son get nailed to a cross".

Man, this whole religion thing is just confusing... I think I'm going to stick with science.

...too bad economic and psychology have very little to do with science.
Why not just R2-45 audit their asses like all the other major religions?
That ["Buddy Jesus"](http://images.google.com/images?hl=en&amp;q=buddy%20jesus&amp;um=1&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;sa=N&amp;tab=wi) to you, *sinner*.
The homosexuality of Jesus is never addressed in the bible...

...so, yeah, maybe.
Jesus would fuck shit up.
&gt;Lack of a home

That one especially.
Correction, what would REPUBLICAN Jesus do?
Science is great for learning how things work but Jesus is great for learning how people should act.
how about some more modern, concrete examples...


...I don't know, I'm not a big fan of Ghandi, but he's just as good as Jesus as far as I'm concerned.
little to "know"? Is that like little to "no"?
Yes. They should speak in riddles, do magic tricks, and stir things up so much that they can't do any good deeds, leaving behind ignorant disciples that rape, murder, and pillage in their names.
Except for wanting to sleep with nude young girls so he could "test his chastity" ?

That Gandhi?
Like I said... not a big fan.

I forget... did he father any illegitimate children with those underage girls or was his chastity pure?
I've never studied it in depth. I'd be shocked if he hadn't, though. If anyone knows, please reply... looks like there are two of us that are curious.
Jesus would become a molotov-wielding anarchist.
I can't help but be skeptical of the church. If the church really wants to help these people it should help them with life skills (train them to get jobs, help them to communicate etc.) not keep them in place by just giving them food.
I couldn't help but notice a 'shpyle' somewhere in there, though it was not preceeded by 'waek uppeth'.
In the name of "national security".
Tell 'em to "get a job, a second job and sacrifice that yearly vacation".
Jesus would heal the addicts of their dependance on drugs, share his bread and fish with them.  He might've even been able to find an apostle or two among them.
First things first.
Wait until somebody caught some fish.

Apart from that it's an interesting response to a social problem on part of the city council. Could somebody please look up their job description?
"In that ye do it unto the least of me, ye do it unto me."
Maybe they don't have those kind of resources but are doing what they can.
Yep, I made a typo.  Shame on me.
correct :) I translate from my native language to English (pretty close, right?)
Since we're talking about this topic, I can't help but throw out this example of when Middle English meets the modern world: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fc8XPv_qstA&amp;eurl=http://www.redyak.com/video/Canterbury/CanterburyRap.htm
[deleted]
Indeed!
Buddy Jesus is not the real Jesus. [Real Jesus](http://jesusyall.ytmnd.com/)
Small world! I hope the Simple Way's philosophy keeps catching on. Eastern was an amazing school when I went there.
agreed.  Then why as a society can't we round them up and get them treated?

Oh yeah, that would violate their rights.

They can't have it both ways:

Either they can be declared mentally, physically, and/or behaviorally handicapped and picked up to be humanely treated and helped.

Or

They can live on the street and have to follow the laws that everybody else lives by.  

We shouldn't just treat them as freaking pets.
They can be helped if they accept the aid. I've actually helped out in ghetto areas and at halfway houses, and with some patience and kindness, a lot of these people can slowly get back on their own feet.

Also, a little comment about where you said:

&gt;They can live on the street and have to follow the laws that everybody else lives by.

In some cases, the cities will make laws that are unable to be fulfilled by the homeless in order to force them away, or else do things like preventing them from being given food. In these situations, they have *extra* laws that apply to them that other people don't have to live by that make things even harder for them. I'm not saying we should treat them like pets, but it is possible to be charitable and give them some forms of aid without making things any harder on them or violating their rights.
I've been trying to tell people about the gospel of the black, moderately inbreed, female Jesus for years, but nobody wants to listen.
Actually, the fact that the city council asked the church to act on the homeless-issue is a first wrong turn. 

While charity is very laudable, the base of a just, modern society should be enforcable social security-rights, backed by an able institution, controlled by the public (e.g. the state).

In the long run, a too broad reliance on charity only creates dependency, sitgmatization and reactionary relations of power.
[deleted]
Jesus is a terrorist.
Fair point. Of course, I assume, we're both speculating on this case though.
You know, I wanted to say Beowulf but I have become so jaded that I anticipated Beowulf the movie comments.  In hindsight, you are right and I should have just quoted the poem by name.
You know what was cool about the Beowulf movie? Grendel's lines were all in Old English!
That part was excellent and very appropriate, or so I felt.  To this day, while I can read old english, I have trouble understanding it when spoken.  While watching the movie, however, I felt I understood everything grendel said.  Good film, too btw.
Or kill them now so they can't challenge your galatic rule later on.
Matthew 6:26
&gt;Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they?
[deleted]

Summary:
/Pedant, pedant, pedant pedant pedant PEDANT PEDANT!
I love people like you.
I know a lot of people that are like that without being homeless.
[I can't help it either.
&gt; What Would Jesus Do?
"In that ye do it unto the least of me, ye do it unto me."
Don't feed them so they go away?
I was not serious about Jesus, what the fuck do I know about Jesus and what he would do.
I can't help but be skeptical of the church.
I'm not sure why the church has to get involved.
I think I'm going to stick with science.
Jesus would fuck shit up.
Who needs people like this?
(I doubt dealers would want or need free food.)
If you don't like "them" pissing on "your" street help them find a place to go.
I used to think all Abbotsford had was churches.
I know they are people and may be have a story to tell, sure.
Old English is the english of Grendel.
if the kjv was good enough for jesus, it's good enough for me!
I have something they can feed homeless people: broken glass.
Agreed, its really early modern english if you like to think of it that way.
Most homeless people are homeless for a reason.
Like I said... not a big fan.
&gt; Most homeless people are homeless for a reason.
It's interesting that this homeless feeding was going on in Jubilee Park.
I'm on the side of the city here.
"I'm on the side of the city here.
Is that like little to "no"?
I don't want to walk around and see bums pissing on my streets.
I was only answering the title.
&gt;
&gt;"Then the righteous will answer him, 'Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink?
&gt; "He will reply, 'Truly I tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.'

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.24
