Original Response:
"Before the 2006 soccer World Cup, the British government allowed uniformed German police to be on UK soil to identify "potential troublemakers" who were planning on traveling to the tournament."

Is this implying the German Police had any authority? If so this is lies. German Police were there but had no authority except to inform British Police og hooligans they knew.

What is wrong with that?

What a bogus article. Full of insinuations, half-truths and smears.
Our country has no spine.

I hate labour. :(
http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5jHpaflNEZpBBT4fArcZK_OGCxV8QD8VU4DJ80

Here's a google link to the story for those who'd rather not visit Prison Planet
It's Infowars, not Prison Planet.
Both good sources
[deleted]
Sorry, I keep confusing them ;)
[deleted]
But of course.
I'm British and if this is a police state then where the fuck are all the police?
Guess who is escorting it in San Fran!  WTF Chinese special forces running around our country.  It's great that they cannot even reveal the torch path, well then what good does it do to have the stupid run?
Already covered here: http://reddit.com/info/6f2u8/comments

Needless to say, the infowars article is even more sensationalist than the Dailymail. Let's criticize China for the things they do, not the things they don't.
Christ - Alex Jones is full of shit...

For a start, "Serious Organised Crime and Police Act of 2005", does not 'effectively outlaw the right to protest'.

Secondly demonstrators have not "taken it upon themselves to flout an unjust law that is anathema to any basic notion of freedom or human rights" since it was passed.

I should know. I live here - Alex Jones does not!

Yes - there a lot of unsavoury, state-protecting laws being passed here, but spewing hyperbolic untruths mixed with a smattering of near-fact is not going to help!

Also look at the words used in the article...

"cadre of gang members", "blue-clad thugs", "barking orders", "gaggle of bullies", "government-hired heavies", "thug cops".

Every paragraph is smattered with this sort of biased language.

Does this man want to be taken seriously?
I could take apart most of this article factually. For starters, the Labour party are not "self proclaimed liberals" - we have a liberal party in the UK, and besides,  liberalism is very different from the socialism that the Labour party used to stand for. Every paragraph contains similar glaring errors.

The sad thing is that, by exaggerating the issues on the day, and trying to draw them into his erroneous world-view (which I doubt he actually believes - he just makes plenty of cash out of it), we lose sight of the real problems, both on the day he is talking about, and related to China's activities in Tibet, Africa and other places around the world.

Yes - there was some heavy handed policing on the day. Nothing too extreme - but maybe a little harsh. Portraying it as he does, blowing it all out of proportion, does no good for people who may have *real* grievances about how they were handled.
alex is sort of the left equivalent of BillO
They should just use Blackwater like everyone else. I likes my thugs to be capitalist dammit!
Difference is, more people with guns. This should be entertaining. Nothing spells international fiasco like officially sanctioned thugs getting shot at in a foreign country.
I for one NEVER shop at Kroger.  I only shop at Fred Meyer, Ralphs, Smith's, King Soopers, Dillon, Fry's, City Market, Food 4 Less, QFC, etc.
The more I read about the 2008 Olympics the more I get the impression that China is very naive about the outside world.
Okay this article is slightly biased. 

"This is a damning indictment of the attitude the British Labour Party, self-proclaimed "liberals," holds toward the notion of freedom of speech and the right to peaceably assemble in the UK."

Over in Britain there isn't the bad attitude towards "liberals" as much as there is in the US; where there isn't actually a liberal party but a slightly less conservative one. I am outraged at this, but it is not fair to blame it solely on labour, as if they are evil demons all the time. The Tories have done much worse things, and all governments have a little rotten in them at times.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
on the other end of the cameras all over your country
Cameras are cheaper.
[deleted]
We only pretend the 2nd amendment is for protecting liberty.  Guns are mostly for show and criminal elements these days.  I'll let you know when armed militias demand habeas corpus be returned to the land of the free and home of the brave.
They were hired to protect the flame. The title is a bit of an overstatement.
What? KeithO is the left BillO, Alex Jones is the OMFG YOU'RE INSANE BillO.
Alex Jones is a master at tricking stupid people, a lot like Karl Rove.
&gt; I get the impression that China is very naive about the outside world.

Uh, what exactly gives you that impression, other than the fact you are white and your mental frame of reference revolves around the Chinese being inferior to you?
So full of shit you feel the need to write 3 paragraphs about him? Sounds like someone has a fetish.
The website is Infowars, but the byline is:
&gt;Paul Joseph Watson

&gt;Prison Planet
Ah, I see it now.  Thanks!
Nice article, even has a blurb on the roots of the flame:
&gt;The Olympic flame wasn't part of the ancient games, and the torch relay didn't become a fixture in the modern Olympics until the 1936 Berlin Games, when it was part of the Nazi pageantry that promoted Hitler's beliefs of Aryan supremacy in the world of sports.
What about Payless?
I'm not saying Britain is a police state, but if it were, then you'd expect them to be out protecting the interests of the State, not wasting their time protecting the interests of the people.  So in that scenario, if someone steals something from you, it would be low-priority, but if someone did something to threaten the power of the state, the police would have a visible presence there.
It's not exactly an insult.  It's human nature to be that way?  Would it be an insult to say that a lot of the West is fairly naive and uninformed about China?  I think both fail to understand the other very well.
Well if you ban a leagal method to get a gun you have only protected the criminals who may be shot during a home invasion, a robbery, or who may want to commit a crime.  Since it would be illegal to own a gun and they are criminals they arent going to care anyway.
Fuck China.
[deleted]
No they aren't. 99% of CCTV are run by private security firms protecting their property and local councils.

Most are run on a loop and are never watched except when there is a crime committed.
Amazingly, I had the same conclusion.
Over sensationalized trash journalism. Downmod.

Watch what really happened in London: http://youtube.com/watch?v=5JUtT4QeGlE

You will see the "thugs" protecting the torch bearer with the minimal required force (most of them grab for the torch, not the protestor) and it is the British police who actually throw the man to the ground.

I'm sick of these violent protestors being glorified on Reddit.
[citation needed]
The ancients did light flames for the games and the first modern one was in 1928 in Amsterdam.

"The Olympic Flame from the ancient games was reintroduced during the 1928 Olympic Games. Gerhard Herlitz, an employee of the Electric Utility of Amsterdam, lit the first Olympic flame in the Marathon Tower of the Olympic Stadium in Amsterdam."

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Olympic_Flame
"the total number of cameras in the UK is around 4,200,000."

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Closed-circuit_television

How many police would be needed to watch them? Work it out for yourself.

If you don't want to then read this PDF file where it says about London and the type who runs them:

http://www.urbaneye.net/results/ue_wp6.pdf

Now you do me the kindness of telling me how many Police watch CCTV? You did say "on the other end of the cameras all over your country.".

Citation please?
Ahh... lazy sunday afternoons on reddit.  
  
An opportunity to promote Prison Info Wars to the front page.
Except that Alex is a conservative, so I guess that throws that whole left equivalent thing out the window. He's just another right-wing gun nut, who is too cowardly to actually use his gun to start the revolution he spouts about. He's rather make DVDs because it's safer/more profitable.
Man, if you think AJ is "left" you either are completely confused as to the meaning of the term, or else never read an article by him. btw - this wasnt written by AJ. Of course the article is overblown and heavily editorial but then again find a think tank that doesn't use the same tactics. I agree that the articles posturing does lessen its credibility but remember who his target audience is: right-wing Americans who can't find their own country on a map, nevermind anywhere else.
You know nothing about US politics. We have the far left, ie democrats and we have the center left, ie republicans. We don't have a party on the right. Both sides love open borders and a nanny state.
I take his views to be libertarian, not liberal or conservative. Politics doesn't just run left/right, it also runs libertarian/authoritarian on another axis.
[deleted]
From your link:
&gt;The modern convention of moving the Olympic Flame via a relay system from Olympia to the Olympic venue began with the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany.

Not sure why the previous article claims the flame wasn't part of the ancient games, but it appears the Nazi party definitely initiated the torch relay idea.

The torch's political aims:
&gt;In 1936 the torch made its way from Greece to Berlin through countries in south-eastern and central Europe where the Nazis were especially keen to enhance their influence.
The flame's arrival in Vienna prompted major pro-Nazi demonstrations, helping pave the way for the Anschluss, or annexation of Austria, in 1938.

&gt;This year's route has already proved highly controversial.

&gt;Beijing wanted to take the torch through Taiwan's capital, Taipei, but this had to be changed by Olympic authorities due to political tensions between the Chinese and Taiwanese leaders.

&gt;And there is now great tension over plans to run the torch through Tibet after recent disturbances there.
Thank you.
The article isn't written by Alex Jones. It's written by Paul Watson who lives in the UK and was at the protest.   

So continue on distracting us with your killing of the messenger and not focusing on the facts like CHINESE MILITARY ARE IN YOUR COUNTRY STRIPPING YOU OF RIGHTS LIKE WEARING A TIBETAN HEADBAND.
&gt;Here are the sections from "Serious Organized Crime and Police Act of 2005" that tell you your not allowed to protest and that its a criminal offence if you do not get a permit

Not allowed to protest in a _designated area_. That is basically limited to a few locations around Parliament, I think.

&gt;enjoy your enslavment ignorant British sheep

Eh? What's with the attitude. A lot of British people are opposed to this legislation.
&gt;Also look at the words used in the article...

&gt;"cadre of gang members", "blue-clad thugs", "barking orders", "gaggle of bullies", "government-hired heavies", "thug cops".

As much as I agree with you on the overall conclusions, these kinds of descriptions for the chinese 'olympic fire fighters' can be found in almost every european newspaper, on account of quite a few rather different (and, partially, rather distinct and careful) observers.  E.g., Lord Coe (chairman for '12 olympics, who, as far as I know, is not too rash with condemnations), described those forces as "horrible thugs"; and this is the general tone of all observers I read about.  Other sources describe them as "robotic", "brutal" and "completely oblivious to other humans".  Australia is considering to prevent them from entering their country at all.  

Meanwhile, the olympic flame is kept at an undisclosed location - just as usual..
The sad thing is that our government has no problem allowing Chinese secret police into the country and letting them operate as they wish.  Check out the CBC article on the subject:

http://www.cbc.ca/cp/world/080408/w040863A.html

I agree, sensationalising it as the Jones piece does, does no one any good.  But it's still worth asking questions.
"People of America, this is a proud moment.  An athlete who does not want to be identified is carrying the olympic torch through an as of yet undisclosed city, protected by agents of a brutal dictatorship.  This reminds all of us of our core values, freedom, transparency and human rights."
Don't you talk about Alex Jones that way!!!!  He died on the cross for your sins and you have the audacity to insult him?!!! FOR SHAME!
Hi China!
Exactly.  The 2nd amendment is obviously about shooting home invasion robbers, not protecting liberty in the collective sense.  Thank you founders!
Were there not security personnel accompanying the torch in every other Olympics Torch Relay to date?
LOLChineseMilitary: CHINEZE MILTERYZ R IN YR CUNTRY STRIPPINGZ YR RIGHTZ
This is obviously a psyops to set us up for the coming re-valuing of the Yuan and the collapse of the dollar.
I bet that the Amsterdam Games were the first to have a symbolic flame (homegrown), but the Berlin Games were the first to have the actual flame carried from Greece and relayed to the Olympics site.
*infowars.com*...hellooooooo
[deleted]
Sunday? What time zone are you from? ;)
I agree.  Is it trash journalism that led us into the Iraq war.  Is it trash journalism that led the Supreme Court to suspend the counting of votes in Florida and declare a winner in 2000?  If you ever find yourself wishing you had the right of Habeas Corpus you may not be so quick to trash the journalism of people like Alex Jones.
Where do you get your news from?  What source do you trust?
&gt;How many police would be needed to watch them? Work it out for yourself.

Not that many, with face recognition technology. I'm sure in the future, even more technologies will arise to identify other things automatically and flag them for review. Nobody may be watching now, but that doesn't imply that will always be the case.
Whoops (blush) I've had the last two days off but I'm back to work tomorrow. Felt like a Sunday afternoon. (slaps forehead)
I really cant see the comparison between Karl "we create our own reality" Rove, and Alex Jones.
I thought it was the other way round, the democrats are center right and the republicans are far right. Maybe im wrong, but im probably right on this one.
Yeah, so thats why he infiltrated bohemian grove and confronts his rivals in the street and starts mass rallies in US cities. Hes a coward.
or "plausible alternative theories", whichever works i guess
not from FOREIGN COUNTRIES, no
We also have no problem letting in CIA spies who pass through our airports with future torture victims never to be seen again.

What's new?
That is a good point. English police also travel to soccer games on the continent to do the same.
At time of writing this story has 290 up votes but about two vaguely supportive comments. Is there a large number of people who vote up and down but never comment? It seems strange that this should reach number 4 when no-one seems to be willing to defend the content of the article
Do you think the closed-loop cameras are hooked up to facial recognition software? They aren't even hooked up to a central office. Most go to ancient VCRs using incredibly worn tapes that have been viewed once or twice.

It's countries implementing newer systems just now that ought to be worrying.
as bad as that is, isn't it worse to realize that its actually NECESSARY now?
TCBY?
"A man's right to work as he will, to spend or save what he earns, to own property, to have the state as servant and not as master, *this* is the essence of a free economy.  
    
On that freedom, all our other freedoms depend."  
  
*Future P.M. Margaret Thatcher  
Conservative Party Conference, 1979*
[deleted]
Alex Jones isn't interviewed much because he doesn't come across well. His tone and mannerisms are very "in your face" and to be honest he appears to be a little insane IMHO.

He sensationalises everything, turning trivial details into headline-like statements. The problem is that he is correct on some of his stories. The genuinely worrying things get lost in a sea of rhetoric and paranoia.
The Labor Party, since they rebranded as "New Labor", have essentially been following Tory doctrine. Their current policies bear little resemblance to the traditional Labor beliefs. IIRC it was Labor that started the NHS. Can you imagine today's Labor doing that?
[O RLY?](http://www.phayul.com/news/article.aspx?article=Who+are+the+men+in+blue%3F+Chinese+paramilitary+team+protects+Olympic+flame&amp;id=20446)

&gt;That first 12-day relay from Ancient Olympia to Berlin traversed Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia, Hungary and other countries that would later be invaded by the Nazis. And the torch was borne into the Reichstaddion by a blond, blue-eyed runner chosen for his Aryan features.

&gt;In years since, security details have been sent out by Olympic hosts to accompany the torch, but until now, they never faced such protests.

&gt;For the Sydney games in 2000, at least one uniformed guard followed the torch, and more security was added after the Sept. 11, 2001 terror attacks. Security officials escorted the flame throughout the 2004 relay for the Athens games, though in small numbers and amid a festive atmosphere.
Hmm interesting.

Point.
No harm, learn something new every day! :)
My question is, did the Chinese security run out to the demonstrator crowd completely unprovoked by any sort of physical action and beat people up? No. read all the news papers, none of them says such. 

Now, from what I read so far. They did manhandle protesters, BUT that's after the protesters tried to grab for the torch. If somebody reached over and trying to grab your mom's bag, what would you do?

Secondly, why the hell would they be mean to the torch bearer, if not provoked? That's just absurd. 

With regard to the torch bearer who did get roughed up a little, she tried to put on a head band with the Tibetan flag! What did you expect? What if a torch bearer somewhere was relaying a torch to the US for the Olympics, and that person feels strongly about the Iraq war, so that person decides to wear a headband that has the American eagle but with a red slash over it. What will happen then? Or if somebody who put on a head band that said (Insert your name here) "'s mom gives good head, and I got some last night" running around, waving at all kinds of news cameras, pointing to it, go "look at it! look!" What would you do? I would bitch slap that person down and rip that shit off whomever.
And what's even more amazing is that I got the impression that westerners are very ignorant of Chinese cultural context, political situation, etc.
[deleted]
Absolutely no prob.

Thanks for the info!
"What's new?"

When they finally close the maw and they don't have to play you for a fool anymore, you'll see what's up.
Alex Jones might go a bit too far from his own drive sometimes, but he's got more balls than you ever will, buddy.
*"His tone and mannerisms are very "in your face" and to be honest he appears to be a little insane IMHO."*

he cares about his Country to the point of being infuriated at what people have done to it, and his anger drives him.

That's not 'insane', it's called being alive. Something not too many people these days have anymore. With the way everyone in the US especially wears Kid Gloves these days, you'd think we all didn't have just ONE life to live, eh?
*"It's countries implementing newer systems just now that ought to be worrying."*

Yeah, because Britain isn't establishing an extremely dangerous precedent, or anything.
Yeah, and there should be a subreddit for you called 'pussy kneejerk ad-hominem attackers'
&gt;he cares about his Country to the point of being infuriated at what people have done to it, and his anger drives him.

But there is no need for this anger to spill over into his everyday conduct. He doesn't get interviewed because he's nuts. This article is full of misinformation, as many other posters have pointed out.

If he insists on getting so very angry on the behalf of British people, he might bother to check his facts first.
&gt;Since it would be illegal to own a gun and they are criminals they arent going to care anyway.

They might not care, but they will have a harder time obtaining a gun, and carrying it around without being arrested.
You can always say, "things might not be so bad now but they could get a lot worse." This is the case for every issue in every country. 

I might as well say, "people may not be eating babies in the US _now_, but who's to say that the collapse of the dollar won't lead to that happening in the future?"
Do you think it should be illegal for private companies or individuals to install CCTV cameras? That's not the position of someone who favors individual liberty.
[deleted]
Unfortunately she was full of shit.
Did the Germans beat British people while they were there?  It seems that the Chinese thugs are doing more than just observing.
The former.
The problem is that he has become more well known in the past ten years or so online. Most of this period saw the TV networks in virtual worship over the governments every word. "Patriotism" was very high and descenting thoughts were not encouraged. Look at the Dixie Chicks for example, and that was just for one statement that they made.
Just imagine how many more people would be killed if guns were banned! [Oh, wait...](http://uktv.co.uk/people/item/aid/528010)
Your f*cked up government of a puny island  paid thugs to stage scenes where the torch goes, so those thugs certainly deserve some rough-ups.
[deleted]
This is the state of the world today. A world where China sucks so bad that they ruin the fucking olympics with this shit.

And now I've got to thinking, after see the birds eye view of the fucking escort this torch has to travel through mother fucking san francisco, how much of this shit is the media not reporting? 

THEN I saw this video of these hippies stringy up banners on that giant bridge down there, and then I was like "how much crazy protesting shit is going on that I'm not seeing because some bonehead in a corporate newsroom is saying how he doesn't believe the protesters should be rewarded with attention"
You know the site is quality when it's adverts link you to a site that tries to sell you dehydrated food in case of the apocalypse.
"Your food will protect your guns."
says the site.

http://www.efoodsdirect.com/index2.html
This isn't all that uncommon. Nations tend to cooperate on these issues, and the intense Chinese interest in the Olympics and the torch relay has resulted in them sending police/paramilitary liaisons out to the nations hosting said relay. They run around with the torch and do other stuff, like try and identify falun gong people.

Also, they arent used against any old brits wherever they like; just around the relay.
Well said, I'm surprised that more people do not practice reasoning.
[Meanwhile, this is happening in tibet (bbc undercover documentary film)](http://reddit.com/info/6f84a/comments)
The protestors weren't "peacefully" protesting either, which whether you agree with them or not, is what's required for the claimed protection under the law. Activists these days seem to think that the right to protest means they are free to defy the police, block roads, trash mcdonalds, or whatever - in this case, to prevent the torch relay from going ahead. The laws do not give them that right.
&gt;You can always say, "things might not be so bad now but they could get a lot worse." This is the case for every issue in every country.

&gt;I might as well say, "people may not be eating babies in the US now, but who's to say that the collapse of the dollar won't lead to that happening in the future?"

What? So that justifies creating the system that could be abused to make things worse? Wouldn't we, by your logic, do nothing to stave off the dollar's collapse? I'd rather not bury my head in the sand...
&gt;So that justifies creating the system that could be abused to make things worse?

No, of course it doesn't. It's just that it's not a very meaningful thing to say, since you can say it about pretty much anything. Any system can potentially be abused.
And you rape baby ponies with baseball bats, often in front of children.

Wow, unsubstantiated allegations are really fun!
[deleted]
Any system can potentially be abused, however some systems have greater potential for abuse than others, and the abuse of some systems poses a greater threat than the abuse of others. E.g., welfare = high abuse potential, low threat posed by abuse; nuclear weapons = low abuse potential, high threat posed by abuse.

I'd say city-scale networks of CCTV cameras probably fall somewhere in the middle of that spectrum, if not closer to the nuclear weapons end of it. The benefits of implementing them just don't seem to merit the substantial risk of extremely harmful abuse involved.
Where did you hear that croc of shit?

I can wear what I want here, as long as it is 'decent'.
They didn't *beat* anybody.
They pushed a few people out of the way.

It was actually the British police that wrestled a Tibetan protester, who tried to grab the flame, to the ground.

You can see this on the video of the event.
He shouts for the same reason BillO does.
He has no real arguments or evidence for his various conspiracy theories.

[Listen to him talking with a BBC researcher who debunked many 9/11 conspiracy theories in a programme.](http://video.google.co.uk/videoplay?docid=-396040997935039950&amp;q=alex+jones+9%2F11+bbc&amp;total=23&amp;start=0&amp;num=100&amp;so=0&amp;type=search&amp;plindex=1)

From listening to this, I don't even think he  believes what he's saying. It's just pure entertainment.

He's playing a character. At least I hope he's playing a character. If this is how he really is, he should be sectioned!
Because mainstream journalism is often sub-par, does not mean that people outside the mainstream are not.

He mixes half-truths with unsubstantiated runour, ill-informed research and downright lies in much the same way.

Don't worry if you're a fan - I'm sure he's making plenty of money.
Laws can be used to oppress people; we should have no laws.    
    
Guns can be used to kill people; we should have no guns.    
    
Knives can be used to stab people; we should have no knives.    
    
Hands can be used to strangle people; we should cut off everyone's hands.    
    
CCTV can be used to spy on people; we should have no CCTV.
Did you read my reply to foldl's reply to the same comment? With the exception of CCTV, all the things you mention have good uses whose benefits outweigh the risk of their abuse. The purported benefits of CCTV networks simply don't support the risks involved given the potential for abuse and the severity of the harm abuse could do. It doesn't make sense to take huge risks just to stop a tiny bit more crime.
&gt;With the exception of CCTV, all the things you mention have good uses whose benefits outweigh the risk of their abuse.    
    
In your opinion.    
    
&gt;The purported benefits of CCTV networks simply don't support the risks involved given the potential for abuse and the severity of the harm abuse could do.    
    
In your opinion.    
    
&gt;It doesn't make sense to take huge risks just to stop a tiny bit more crime.    
    
In your opinion.    
    
Fortunately in the UK we have a democracy where the people can decide for themselves what is an appropriate risk / benefit ratio.
&gt;Fortunately in the UK we have a democracy where the people can decide for themselves what is an appropriate risk / benefit ratio.

In your opinion.
That title fits both of them perfectly well. No go watch more films on youtube about 9/11 that were created by mid-western teenagers in their basement.
Yes, it is in my opinion.  However, in this case it is fairly well established and accepted that the UK is a democracy.  All of your points were pure opinion.
The Chinese didn't beat anyone.
[deleted]
Ummm - no.

Just becuase I dislike Alex Jones and his ilk, doesn't mean I like Bush.

You don't have to believe any of these people.
The best way is to work things out for yourself from the most reliable sources you can find.
There's more going on in Britain than a bunch of nonconnected companies all simulataneously putting up millions of cameras.

Don't be that naive, Jesus. There's big players at work there.
And she also took away many, MANY things from the men of England and all it's peoples: Government owned trains, the car industry, jobs, milk for school children and the opportunity to lay down fibre optic cable nationwide. BT suggested it but she told them to fuck off and privatised them for the bother. Now we all get 8 Meg's a second if we are lucky on our ancient copper network when in japan you can get 40 megs up and down for £30 a month. :(

*shakes fist*
&gt;There's big players at work there.

So who are they, and where is the evidence that they are doing it?
&gt;However, in this case it is fairly well established and accepted that the UK is a democracy

Nobody suggested it wasn't. I merely suggested that the widespread adoption of CCTVs might pose a threat to democracy in the UK that outweighs any benefit they might offer.
&gt; "So who are they, and where is the evidence that they are doing it?"

Requiring complete proof of something that is impossible to have complete proof of is absolute tomfoolery.

You think the people that control important parts of this world talk anywhere but behind closed doors?
&gt;Uh, what exactly gives you that impression

The fact that my in-laws are living and teaching in China and interact with Chinese every day.
I didn't require complete proof, just something more than paranoid speculation. I doubt that the people who control important parts of the world care that much about CCTV cameras anyway.
I havent watched Loose Change or any of the other peripheral 9/11 documentaries, but i do read David Ray Griffin who is brilliant at summing up all the present evidence against the official story. I suggest you try his new book, "Debunking 9/11 Debunking", then come back to me.
Yeah a former theology professor sure would know a mot more than [these](http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/military_law/1227842.html?page=9) guys.
I was thinking more along the lines of the hundreds of engineers, pilots, architects and professors who have come out about 9/11; some like Kevin Ryan who actually worked on the steel of the WTC for Underwater Laboratories and said the computer generated tests done (to come to the already decided conclusion that jetfuel caused the collapse) was fraudulent as the computer data put in was tested as its highest extremities of damage and fire, and even then they could not cause a collapse in the towers. Now that i have "debunked" your assumption that Popular Mechanics, a yellow journalism smear magazine  has more credibility than the hundreds of fire fighters, government officials etc, (i could go on), you really have to do your research into what the majority of 9/11 truthers actually claim. It goes against common sense to discard basic scientific truths such as the theory of momentum or gravitational energy, no matter what subject it is.

http://www.patriotsquestion911.com/

Summary:
I live here - Alex Jones does not!
You don't have to believe any of these people.
The article isn't written by Alex Jones.
Guns can be used to kill people; we should have no guns.
Difference is, more people with guns.
You did say "on the other end of the cameras all over your country.".
Don't you talk about Alex Jones that way!!!!
Work it out for yourself.
Now, from what I read so far.
CCTV can be used to spy on people; we should have no CCTV.
The laws do not give them that right.
on the other end of the cameras all over your country.
You can always say, "things might not be so bad now but they could get a lot worse."
We don't have a party on the right.
That is a good point.
Something not too many people these days have anymore.
It seems that the Chinese thugs are doing more than just observing.
&gt; I get the impression that China is very naive about the outside world.
You know nothing about US politics.
They pushed a few people out of the way.
This is the case for every issue in every country.
I'm British and if this is a police state then where the fuck are all the police?
So that justifies creating the system that could be abused to make things worse?
I doubt that the people who control important parts of the world care that much about CCTV cameras anyway.
&gt;How many police would be needed to watch them?
](http://video.google.co.uk/videoplay?docid=-396040997935039950&amp;q=alex+jones+9%2F11+bbc&amp;total=23&amp;start=0&amp;num=100&amp;so=0&amp;type=search&amp;plindex=1)

From listening to this, I don't even think he  believes what he's saying.
&gt;You can always say, "things might not be so bad now but they could get a lot worse."
"The Olympic Flame from the ancient games was reintroduced during the 1928 Olympic Games.
"Your food will protect your guns."
Laws can be used to oppress people; we should have no laws.
Did the Germans beat British people while they were there?
Since it would be illegal to own a gun and they are criminals they arent going to care anyway.
With the exception of CCTV, all the things you mention have good uses whose benefits outweigh the risk of their abuse.
Ah, I see it now.
It was actually the British police that wrestled a Tibetan protester, who tried to grab the flame, to the ground.
"*

he cares about his Country to the point of being infuriated at what people have done to it, and his anger drives him.
not from FOREIGN COUNTRIES, no.
Alex Jones isn't interviewed much because he doesn't come across well.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.31
