Original Response:
Even if you don't agree with everything Shirley has to say, she is running to take Nancy Pelosi's seat so Cheney and Bush can be impeached. 

Please help spread the word, specially in Nancy Pelosi's district http://www.govtrack.us/congress/findyourreps.xpd?state=CA&amp; district=8 impeachbush.meetup.com, ronpaul.meetup.com, aclu.meetup.com, fsp.meetup.com, jbs.meetup.com, etc.

This is a zip code from Nancy Pelosi's district 94114.

http://www.shirley08.com
I thought that was already in the works, right? Remember when you guys elected a Democrat-majority legislature? What, you say? They took impeachment off the table as soon as they were safely in office in order to strengthen their political position? And the next Congress won't meet until Bush and Cheney are out of office? Well, then, comrade, what is the point of this?
Shirley's the only one who cares, these days.
It's 6 months to the election and 8 months until they're gone. That's not enough time to impeach them. It would take at least a year to do the investigation and another year to work through Congress.
So? Let's get Pelosi out for not impeaching them while she could have tried to. Let's put some fire under her ass.
To get Pelosi out of power too? To say "You didn't impeach, now you pay the price"
exactly.  That would be like if we caught Hitler, but he had AIDS.  Oh, well he killed 6 millions Jews, but he has AIDS so he will be dead soon anyway, so we should just let him live out his life in peace.
I wish I had money to send her.
I've been 'helping to impeach Bush and Cheney' for damn near 7 years now. It's not going to happen. MSM and the weak-ass Democratic pussies in Congress won't make it or let it happen. There's too many people who think that the opinions and judgment of Republican Conservatives are valid and respectable.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Didn't get one, but that would have gone to her.
We can still push Pelosi out, can't we?
There's uglier fish to throw out of the pond.
I don't know, nothing would make me feel better than sending the message "You played politics instead of impeaching? You are gone"

She's a pretty ugly fish, I must say. 

Anyways, I'd like to see a Republican Congress if Obama is president, to shut him down.
the beauty of a divided government.
oh i agree, id love to see her go. We put the Democrats in power for a specific reason: get us out of the mess we're in and get that fucktard out of the white house.

they have failed miserably and she should be held accountable. 

i think once Obama starts to run in the general and his views become the mainstream for Democrats (which they will be because they, too, are mere sheep) people will be more cynical and honest about the situation that we are in.
and why would you want to see a Republican Congress?
Not true.  Impeachment could happen in a matter of hours, if our so-called leaders wanted to.  The evidence has already been gathered, it's just a matter of finding the will to do it.

[One impeachment FAQ](http://wethepeopleimpeach.org/node/3) here, among many.
Two years ago the dems took the house and things have gotten worse.
So you support letting them get off scott-free?

How heinous does the next president get to be, now that he knows he will never be called to accountability?

They would squash your son's nuts in a heartbeat in the name of "National Security", yet you seem to say, "Oh, well, they won't be holding the reigns much longer.".

You also forget that this cabal has enacted the means for their perpetual power monarchy in the form of laws that enable martial law declaration by the unitary executive.  Anything not directly and explicitly covered by the laws, will fall under "other purposes".
I approve that message too!!!

(but for a second there I thought she was talking about McCain!)
Stop using [worldnews] to troll people who don't want [politics] on their front page.
Why is this world news?
Oh please.
Obama is a pretty moderate, bland candidate. He's not calling for impeachment or change, he just throws the word around a lot.
Divided government.

Because I like the idea of government getting nothing done. The exception was 2006, when I wanted to see the Dem's impeach bush. 

Divided government means Obama can't pass UHC or other stuff. He can still withdraw the troops though.
um.... huh? you don't want the government to get anything done?
It's called Gridlock. And, I don't want them too. We're broke as a joke, we don't need UHC. 

The founders designed the system to prevent the short term passions of the people being pushed through haphazardly. Sadly, we ignored it, and we get short sighted stuff like "ethanol" pushed through. 

Policy innovation needs to take place at the state level.
I never said that, there's just no point to impeaching them.

Now, if you want to talk about grand jury investigations, indictments, arrests and real substantive jail time then I'm all for it.
Not to mention, this has been an ongoing attempt for the last 8 years, and it's.. been so successful.

Besides, every last 8-12 months of a president's term normally involves some impeachment effort by butthurt parties.
I sure don't want gun control.  Naomi Wolf is a Democrat, but she points out the founding fathers put the Second Amendment in for a very specific reason and that reason was to defend ourselves from our own government http://mrxfromplanetx.com/naomi-wolf

Everyone needs to get involved in their local caucuses so we can work on getting better Congressmen and Senators.  Delegates get selected at local precinct caucuses, and the delegates vote on who winds up on the ballot for you.  http://alternativeconservative.com/caucus

Even if you don't want to run you should at least show up to vote.  If you know who the delegates are you can bug them and give them news clips to read.  All, but one of my delegates over 65 or 70.  They're a little out of touch.  I just bought them all a copy of http://iraqforsale.org today
This is going to sound shallow, but Naomi Wolf is the girl of my dreams.

Smart, good looking, and politically active.
I'm Ron Paul Republican.  We're not all bad.  I'm using my tax refund to do things like buy copies of http://iraqforsale.org and give it to my delegates.  I'm hoping to give one to a State Senator.

I don't agree with everything Shirley Golub has to say being a libertarian conservative, but I still see she's trying to do something really good for the country.  Let's work together and put partisan politics behind us.

I'm also going to try to put together some public screenings of John Pilger's "War on Democracy"
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3739500579629840148&amp;hl=en
This is where you can buy the film for public screenings  http://www.bullfrogfilms.com/catalog/wdem.html

War on Democracy, is the best example I've seen on why the U.S. bringing democracy to another country, is a bad thing.
Also, Orwell roles in his grave is awesome.

Summary:
And, I don't want them too.
and why would you want to see a Republican Congress?
Let's get Pelosi out for not impeaching them while she could have tried to.
you don't want the government to get anything done?
Didn't get one, but that would have gone to her.
To get Pelosi out of power too?
The exception was 2006, when I wanted to see the Dem's impeach bush.
It's not going to happen.
I never said that, there's just no point to impeaching them.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
