Original Response:
[deleted]
I like Canada more than the US, because the latter is full of Bigots.
Well aren't you special.
Oh yeah -- and nuclear power is clean power.

Too bad we all aren't running on thorium atomic power. This would never have happened.
Uh-ohs, people swim in that lake. It's also one of the largest fresh water resources in North America. Well, not so much anymore, I guess.
Cameco: "Oh, yeah. I know you guys have been on my back on the seriousness of using this thing and how to take care of it.....I just wanted to let you know that I MAY have been losing some of it into the harbor.."

Canadian Nuclear Regulator: "Which harbor?"

Cameco: "The one that leads into the lake.."

CNR: "Lake Ontario..... One of the five GReat Lakes of North America, Lake Ontario?"

Cameco: "Yeeeeah..., that one. For a while now"

CNR: "Thank goodness no one uses it.."..
yeah.... Godzilla is coming....
Hmmm, the brigade of folks who up-voted McCain's bid for 700+ new safe, c lean nuke reactors is conspicuously absent here.
dont call me bigot friend!
[deleted]
Sweet! Free uranium!
Uh-oh! Sphagetti-os!
If it weren't so damn polluted I'd love to use it
Well, it's cleaner and safer than coal, which for some reason gets a free pass, as well as oil, which has an unfortunate tendency to cause death and destruction across entire regions. There are externalities, and then there are externalities that result in constant warfare.
Don't call me friend, buddy.
Nuclear power generation is not the only source of radioactive waste and your argument doesn't really follow.
Don't call me buddy, comrade
&gt;Uh-ohs, people swim in that lake

Not really. Not only is it a cold lake, owing to [its depth](http://www.miseagrant.umich.edu/education/greatlakes/images/gl-depth-profile-800.jpg) and clarity, the pollution due to farm runoff, sewage overflows and contamination, geese, chemical runoff, and so on, has "no swim" postings about 95% of the year, and you'd have to be brave (and wearing a wetsuit) to want to swim in it the other 5%.

And anyways, remember that the great lakes are constantly draining into the ocean, flowing out the St. Lawrence. This particular refinery is actually "downstream" of Toronto. Natural currents mean that any contaminants would be a problem for Montreal more than they would be for Toronto.
[So you think your are though](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRwiH18QwpU)
Don't call my comrade, pal.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Lake_Ontario_-_Sandbanks_Provincial_Park_2001.jpg
[deleted]
Yeah, look at all those people swimming!

No, wait...they're all just sitting on the beach. Which is the same thing you'll find on virtually every Lake Ontario beach.
[deleted]
Don't call me Buddy Guy.
[deleted]
Where in the article does it say it is a negligible amount? I couldn't find any such description of how much was leaked. In fact, I only found mention of a plan to discover the extent. Large amounts of low grade radiation is dangerous too.

And what about the arsenic and fluorides?

I would rather hope that any refinery, but especially a toxic and radioactive materials refinery, maintain a zero leak policy.
Compared to Erie, its like distillied water.
But remember folks- storing spent nuclear rods is totally safe.. don't look behind the curtain.
fuck off. it's stupid assed pieces of shit like you that made lake ontario nearly unfishable.
If you look at the photo in full res you will see quite a few people swimming (20+)

Though I consider those people bat shiat insane to do so.
Why are fucking uranium refineries, nuclear plants, and fing factories always next to rivers and lakes.
I think it kinda has to be negligible compared to the volume of Lake Ontario.
Cold Fusion FTW!
Because they need a lot of heavy water to cool the reaction chamber.
exactly....whats a little garbage / radioactive material we dump into the lake *really* going to do?

In some ways I think lake springfield is meant to represent lake ontario.
Lake Erie seems to be a lot cleaner than Lake Ontario now.  I've swam in both lakes on the same day in the past, and you can notice the difference.
Pardon my ignorance, but how can that be possible?  Lake Erie feeds into Lake Ontario.  So wouldn't all the pollution of Lake Erie pass through Lake Ontario, as well as all pollutants that originate in Lake Ontario directly?
It's that kind of thinking that has polluted large lakes and rivers.
You would think that logic would hold true. However I lived in Buffalo for some time. And it was quite apparent which lake was cleaner.
This is important, and it deserves an article, but it's certainly not much worse than other pollutants that are entering the lake.  Unfortunately people still give radiation its own special place, where it's always extremely bad, rather than considering it a "normal" pollutant that can have various degrees of severity.
Here's a related piece from one of Canada's finest 'zines, The Walrus:

http://www.walrusmagazine.com/articles/2008.03-environment-radiation-pollution/
[deleted]
http://www.zombiesurvivalguide.com/ Start reading it.
Cooling. Most industrial processes, including nuclear power generation, throw off excess heat. It's difficult to get rid of heat, as a general rule. The solution is to find a big source of cold water (lakes, rivers), and pump the water through a heat exchanger. The slightly warmer water then goes back into the lake/river, which (if it's big enough) will dissipate the heat into the environment.

Note that it has nothing to do with heavy water, like silout posted. Heavy water is used inside the reactor as a moderator, but the heavy water circuit is not connected with the light water circuit (i.e. the one that plugs into the river/lake).
Seems like a design flaw to me.
A lake full of heavy water? Sounds interesting.
Polluters (of any kind) should:
a) pay to clean it up, and 
b) be heavily penalised to discourage them doing it again. But will the regulators make them pay?
"And farther below Lake Ontario Takes in what Lake Erie can send her..."
You mean like the fine Exxon keeps forgetting to pay?
This is an excellent buying opportunity.
So they're finally admitting fluoride is toxic?
Perhaps it's because Lake Erie is a lot shallower.
Colour me bat shiat. O_o
Lock up the CEO and see how long it takes to get paid :-)
What the world's largest uranium producer doing in Canada?
[deleted]

Summary:
Uh-ohs, people swim in that lake.
Lake Erie feeds into Lake Ontario.
A lake full of heavy water?
Yeah, look at all those people swimming!
It's that kind of thinking that has polluted large lakes and rivers.
&gt;Uh-ohs, people swim in that lake

Not really.
Don't call me friend, buddy.
Don't call me buddy, comrade.
Don't call me Buddy Guy.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
