Original Response:
These protestors are evidently more Bhuddist than the Dalai Lama. From the article: "'It is also important to recognize, when you ask the question about the Olympic torch, that the Dalai Lama himself has said that he does not want to see a boycott of the Olympics,' [British Prime Minister Gordon] Brown said Saturday."
Was the fire extinguisher made in China?
Was it environmentally friendly?
I personally find it disgusting that the international community is tolerating China and whats its doing to Tibet. Shame on our government (uk) and the rest of the world, if there arent sanctions for actions like these then nothing will ever change.
How would sanctions help change things for the better? All sanctions serve to do is entrench the control of the economy in the hands of the state, cf. Cuba.
how the hell does that make them more Buddhist.

Unless you really meant Bhuddist, a new term which I don't know the meaning of, then yes. They may in fact be more Bhuddist than the Dalai Lama.
Yeah because only Buddhists are outraged at China's human rights abuses.
the dalai lama? oh yeah that guy the CIA funded
[deleted]
[deleted]
Umm. It was a play on the expression "more Catholic than the Pope."
[deleted]
having just witnessed the protests in person about an hour ago at Tower Hill, I feel nothing but shame by the protester behavior. They were self important student types, protesting only to make themselves feel important. The Chinese athletes who were braving the cold weather looked forlorn and disheartened surrounded by police. What should have been a joyful occasion was somewhat spoiled by kids with a weak grip on the reality of international politics.
[deleted]
It means they know better then the Lama what to do.
This thread needs more Redditor outrage, especially after Penn &amp; Teller "exposed" to the world what an asshole the Lama really is.

I firmly believe that Tibet is better off as an autonomous region inside of China than its own nation. The Lama is just a power hungry freak and the great majority of the "Free Tibet" movement is full of bandwagon hopping idiots.

PROVE ME WRONG INTERNET, HAHAHAHA.
So... what's going on?
What the hell is that supposed to mean? The atrocities of the pre-invasion Tibetan government don't make up for the fact that China has been actively attacking hundreds of peaceful protesters who want nothing more specific than self-determination.
then he should have just said that.
I've never seen that phrase used other than when it was directly applicable to Catholicism or the Catholic way of life.

Protesting the Olympics doesn't make anyone more Buddhist than the other.
Trying to put out the olympic flame? That seems like a rather ineffective protest, because it would just piss me off.

Why doesn't somebody actually do something to  protest what's happening, other than protesting an athletic competition (which really isn't related to China at all...)?
I don't know why you're getting downmodded.

Protesting is a good thing but not the way these kids chose to do it. It only makes the situation worse.
I agree that Tibet is much better off as an Autonomous Region of China but a lot of people here are going to say that 'self determination' is really important and that China is killing off Tibet's culture...

They're wrong of course.
You can tell them that Han Chinese only make up ~6% of the total population.
You can tell them that Tibetans have been guaranteed and allowed to practice cultural freedom, religious freedom, etc.
You can tell them all the leaps and bounds Tibet's economy has made since state funding by the PRC.

But they're still not going to believe you
[deleted]
The expression "more Catholic than the Pope" is commonly used in contexts that have nothing to do with Catholicism.

The point I was trying to make is that if the Dalai Lama is opposed to a boycott of the Olympics, why should others who purport to be supporters of his go to such extremes as happened in London today?
[deleted]
So what if anyone thinks Tibet is better off as an autonomous region?  It's not for you or China to decide that.  

If China decides the USA is better off as a communist state, is it ok for them to invade then too?
I would love to see that episode. Which one was it/where can i get it?
He hasn't given out the number of this prostitute, yet. Redditors have him on notice.
How do they have religious freedoms when the Dali lama can't be openly worshiped? Where's the freedom in that?

Addressing your culture question is harder, because it's hard to pin down what that is.  If you mean farming and similar ways of life, then yes it is also being destroyed.
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/6944342.stm
&gt; You can tell them that Tibetans have been guaranteed and allowed to practice cultural freedom, religious freedom, etc.

Well, except every time China decides to pass another law biting another chunk out of the Tibetian religion, like making [unauthorized reincarnation illegal.](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/article2194682.ece)

And all the rest of that doesn't matter - if the Tibetian people don't want China there, *China has no moral or legal right to be there.*  They might have the MILITARY right to make it happen, but that's not really a right at all.  That's just forced occupation.

(Edit: Updated with a bit of linky goodness.)
[deleted]
You can't protest in China, hence the need to protest abroad.
Penn &amp; Teller's treatment of the Dalai Lama may be viewed here: http://vids.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&amp;VideoID=4328870
Because by accepting that China is holding the olympics, and by attending those olympics, allowing the flame to pass through your country and by accepting China as a country, you are accepting their brutalistic regime which is known of repetitive human rights abuses, for arresting, torturing and killing protesters, for punishing journalists, arresting bloggers and censoring the internet. The olympics is related to china, because it is in china.
I don't think people who also braved the cold to protest (being students or not) are doing it to make themselves feel important. 

People who oppose the occupation of Tibet have a weak grip on international politics?

Give examples of their poor behavior if you want to make a point but don't claim that everyone who protested is ill informed.
Yeah, the Penn &amp; Teller episode argued that the Dalai Lama was an asshole...  FIFTY YEARS AGO, prior to the Chinese invasion.

They had absolutely nothing of any substance that dates past that point.  And, you know, spending a lifetime as the leader-in-exile of a repressed, occupied people tends to change a man.

It was a little obvious, actually, in how little "dirt" they had on the Dalai Lama compared to the other targets in the show that they just wanted to go ahead with the smear job on him despite insufficient evidence.  Because, of course, it's cute and ironic and edgy to attack a world-beloved spiritual leader.

(Edit: I'm not saying it's *impossible* for him to be an asshole in real life today, just that they had no evidence, and the segment on him came off as childish and spiteful because of it.)
Your government can't afford to "sanction" China.  China isn't some tiny South American or middle eastern country that the western world is used to bullying.
I remember the Free Tibet crowd from my university days, all pink pashminas and padded gilets, it's a cool cause for students and rich kids.
So you presumably boycott all good that are made in China?
Amazing.  Google nets 1,346 stories about this from around the world while the China news sites are headlining:

"Chinese beauties lining up for Olympic ceremony ushers"

"Olympic torch relay starts in London"

"Notting Hill Gate greets Olympic torch with mini carnival"

Reminds me of the [Baghdad Bob](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muhammad_Saeed_al-Sahhaf) era.
It's a shame you had to really spell out what you meant, the collective IQ here really is approaching zero.

Just wanted to point out the difference though between boycotting the opening ceremony (which is what many people are advocating, and some countries already doing), and boycotting the actual olympics, which AFAIK no countries are contemplating.
Of course ignore the fact that every country in the world recognizes China's sovereignty over Tibet.


Also ignore the fact that the United States has been occupying Native American lands for the last 300 years.
That's not *everyone* though.  You're being offensive to the people who actually protest these things for ligitimate, informed, reasons.  

I protested at the event peacefully and without violence.
True, but if we boycott China for Tibet, we have to boycott the USA for Iraq.  And Russia for Chechnya.  Basically we'd have to find a country that isn't evil right now.  Norway, perhaps?
Which is why it amazes me that *anyone* outside of China believes a word that comes out of their state-run papers.

I mean, they ignore any news unfavorable to China, even if it's happening in another country in front of a million reporters...  but gosh, when they say the Dalai Lama is a terrorist, they must be totally legit!
Yes, you're right not all the protestors are like that.
But you've presumably also stopped buying any goods that are made in China?
[deleted]
You CAN protest in China, but in a harmonious, non-obtrusive way. The way protesting should be done. Not with a fire-extinguisher. Not burning stores
[deleted]
I would if it were possible.  Thanks to our idiotic trade relations with China, such a thing is practically impossible unless you live in a major metropolitan area and have a lot of excess money.
Where possible but that's neither here nor there.  I have a right to protest in any form I want, be it through economic or civil means.
[deleted]
Indeed. And I also have a right to point out that many of the protestors have no idea why they're there, or why they're protesting.
Dude, quit trying to spin.  You said that China would protect Tibet's religious freedom when that is PATENTLY untrue.  The fact that they want to be able to appoint the Dalai Lama is a massive attack on Tibet's religious freedom.

Your personal feelings on the law don't enter into it.  You made a claim.  That claim was a lie.  I provided the proof.

As to the rest, I completely agree that both the Israel and Hawaii situations were badly handled.  However, the fact that the USA has acted like assholes in our past does not ***in any way whatsoever*** give China permission to act like assholes today.  That's one giant red herring.

And if your only defense of China's actions is to say "But you did the same thing 100 years ago!" then you really have no defense at all.  Repeating the indefensible doesn't make it any better.
They're allowed to practice their religion as long as it has nothing to do with the Dalai Lama.

Don't you think its wrong to venerate a mortal man to such a degree though? What right does he have to be considered as an enlightened figure when he organized CIA funded terrorist activities to undermine China?

I'm sure there's more to their culture than farming... If you mean rural ways of life then thats too bad. They're going to have to modernize SOME day. ESPECIALLY if they're an independent nation. There's no way they can survive in the global economy if they don't pick up their game. Really now, you can't expect them to all be peasants and monks forever can you?
[No](http://www.france24.com/en/20080312-police-tear-gas-protesting-tibetan-monks-china-tibet) [You](http://tibetanuprising.org/2008/03/12/chinese-police-fire-tear-gas-at-protesting-tibetan-monks/) [Can't](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/mar/15/tibet.china3)
Yeah, "protesters". Kinda like the Rodney King beating protesters in L.A.
&gt;Of course ignore the fact that every country in the world recognizes China's sovereignty over Tibet.

Which, of course, has nothing to do with the fact that China has the second most powerful military in the world after the United States.  (and powerful enough that it would even give the US a serious fight if it came down to a war)

And besides, does world consensus make the Tibetian people WRONG?  Do the views of Austria and Sweden and Canada somehow make it incorrect for Tibet to want self-determinacy?

Otherwise, I see, your only defense is a red herring - just because the United States did evil things 200 years ago does not mean it's acceptable for China to do evil things *now*.
I'm boycotting stuff made in Tibet as the linkage is more direct. And stuff from Peru because of the Lama.
I wonder what's Chinese for "there is no news in Pravda, and no truth in Izvestiya"?
I'm saying give China a 100 years and a massive war in between and then we'll see what Tibet feels.

Religious freedom is most definitely protected in the PRC GIVEN that it is not a threat to public well being. Read what I posted. They are NOT PROHIBITING REINCARNATION. You are allowed to do it but you must run it through the state. They probably did this for security reasons.
You can't have freedom of religion and then say the word '*except*' for their religious leader.  It's a contradiction in terms.

How is he any different than the pope in the sense that he's a mortal man raised to such a degree.  I'm not saying I agree with either but it's not like he's one of a kind in religious terms.  

It's nothing to do with him having a 'right to be considered an enlightened figure'.  the Tibetans regard him as such and that's all there is to it.  If they have access to all the facts, still consider him and enlightened figure, then who are we to disagree?

I only mentioned farming because (like I said) it's hard to pin down what culture means.  you need to be more specific in saying 'they have cultural freedom'.  

As for modernisation, the Tibetans should have a right, as an independent nation, to decide *how* they do that.  Plenty of places still have monks and farmers.  There are other ways to modernise than removing a way of life completely.
All of the reports I linked to discuss peaceful demonstrations, broken up by tear gas and riot police.  

I'm not saying *all* the protests have been peaceful, they're obviously not and quite the opposite.  But your statement that you can protest in China in a 'harmonious, non-intrusive way' is wrong and I was just pointing that out.
Kudos on your polite, intelligent responses here.  Boosted my opinion for whatever that's worth.
&gt;Religious freedom is most definitely protected in the PRC GIVEN that it is not a threat to public well being.

That you keep clinging to this argument like it means something is laughable.  And more than slightly sad.  Let me just quote from the article I linked to, and you tell me if this sounds like protecting religious freedom:

&gt;China already insists that only the Government can approve the appointments of Tibet’s two most important monks, the Dalai Lama and the Panchen Lama. The Dalai Lama’s announcement in May 1995 that a search inside Tibet — and with the co- operation of a prominent abbot — had identified the 11th reincarnation of the Panchen Lama, who died in 1989, enraged Beijing. That prompted the Communist authorities to restart the search and to send a senior Politburo member to Lhasa to oversee the final choice. This resulted in top Communist officials presiding over a ceremony at the main Jokhang temple in Lhasa in which names of three boys inscribed on ivory sticks were placed inside a golden urn and a lot was then drawn to find the true reincarnation. 
&gt;
&gt;The boy chosen by the Dalai Lama has disappeared. The abbot who worked with the Dalai Lama was jailed and has since vanished. Several sets of rules on seeking out “soul boys” were promulgated in 1995, but were effectively in abeyance and hundreds of living Buddhas are now believed to live inside and outside China.

Now please, how is Tibet maintaining religious autonomy if China is trying to grab the power to appoint its religious leaders?  And directly overseeing the "elections" of them?  And then jailing those involved?

Yep.  Their religion and culture are sure being protected!
upmodded twice.
citation needed.
[deleted]
Funny. Life on the farm is kind of laid back. Don't need to buy mass-crap and that's a fact. Early to rise, early in the saaaaack..
By culture I mean traditions they've practiced for many years. This includes folk songs, dances, celebrations, clothing, music, language, etc. I agree with your last statement, this is certainly true. They have a regional government which is elected by the people here. Also the regional government must be headed by a local Tibetan amongst other things which work to their favor. In other words, they should be able to vote up a representative in the government to champion their cause.

-Its not a contradiction at all. Catholicism certainly doesn't need the Pope to function does it?

-He isn't different from the Popes though, I agree. Remember all the corrupt popes in the past? Ones that had allegedly had orgies in the Vatican? Ones that blew shit tons of money on funding wars and ones that were bought out by wealthy families from Italian City-States? He's no different, thats for sure.
There are some who might say that if you are outraged at China's human rights abuses, you *are* a Buddhist.
Braved the cold weather? It was like 6c! Thats T-Shirt weather you wimps!
What effect do you predict the state-mandated immigration of Han Chinese to Lhasa will have upon the vitality of Tibetan culture?
Yes, because they were disrupting order. If they want to protest, they can go about their daily business with a pin that says "Freedom for Tibet." A much more effective way of protesting, nobody gets hurt and they even get a higher moral ground. Imagine, Chinese police will actually not arrest them or spray them with tear gas
Of course Catholicism needs the Pope!  Yes it doesn't function well without him.  

I do remember all the corrupt popes, ones that supported the Nazi's etc.  Now here's the important point:  No-one tried to stop anyone worshiping him.

It doesn't matter if the Dali Lama eats babies or runs over old ladies.  they have a right, whatever his crimes or Chinas opinion of him, to discuss, worship and venerate him in any manner they see fit.

It is not for China to decide what they are allowed to worship.
They haven't been peaceful protesters though. Peaceful protesters don't burn cars and shops.
I left the "given it is not a threat to public well being" because I figured it was implied. Thats how China's priorities are arranged. State security first. Thought you'd know that because you've done SO much research on the topic.

I believe the special case with Tibet's religion is that its so thoroughly intertwined into their political system (which is most certainly in the realm of the PRC's control) that the government feels it has a certain right to partake in it. Tibet seems to be stuck back in the middle ages where the Pope ruled everything. Again, religious freedom is preserved when it is not a threat to the state.
What?? wearing a pin is not a protest, it's irrelevant.  Every single civilised country in the world lets it's populace protest peacefully over anything it wants.

Like I said and linked to before, those are perfect examples that nullify your argument. The demonstrations were peaceful and legitimate.  In what way is standing in front of a civil building with banners and chanting, anything like 'disrupting order'?
&gt;I believe the special case with Tibet's religion is that its so thoroughly intertwined into their political system which is most certainly in the realm of the PRC's control. Tibet seems to be stuck back in the middle ages where the Pope ruled everything so the PRC feels is in a way granted a control over the election of the Dalai Lama. Again, religious freedom is preserved when it is not a threat to the state.

So, religious freedom is preserved *when it's not Tibetian religion.*

At this point you are only providing more evidence disproving your own lies.

At any rate, this little "debate" has gone on long enough.  You are a hopeless apologist for the Chinese state - or probably a member of it - and are going to refuse to admit you're wrong even when, over the course of an argument, you've gone from claiming Tibet's religious freedom will be protected to saying their religion is so backwards that it's completely understandable that the PRC would take control of it.  Frankly, I didn't know someone could backpedal so fast without tripping.

I really don't know if you're fooling yourself, but you're sure as hell not fooling anyone else here.

Edit - Fascinating.  The person I'm arguing with does a complete 180 in his claims, yet **I** get downmodded for pointing that out and providing citations.  Logic and consistency in an argument doesn't count for much here, does it?
And if your own government is actively doing those things in Iraq, what then? These UK students should be getting off their ass and protesting stuff that they can actually do something about.

Name one thing that China has done in Tibet that the UK hasn't been complicit on in Iraq, both in the past five years of occupation, or the hundred years prior when the British Empire ruled Iraq. This is the pot calling the kettle black here.

The "Free Tibet" movement is followed by idiots who believe that dressing up as monks means they must be good people. The fact is that most Tibetans believe that things under Chinese rule is superior to that under the treacherous and brutal Dalai Lama cult. Check out the BBC documentary, A Year in Tibet, to get a feel for things were in Tibet prior to this recent uprising.

The Dalai Lama essentially the Tibetan Taliban, and once again the CIA is supporting them in their on-going by-proxy fight against communism. A "Free Tibet" under the rule of the Dalai Lama is about as farcical as freedom under Chinese rule.
What if the USA decides Iraq should be a western democracy? Or Vietnam? Or Afghanistan? Or Egypt? Or Iran? Or any other number of attempted regime changes round the world? Does that make it OK to meddle? 

This level of protest here in the UK is embarrassing given the fact that we are presently participating in our own military occupation elsewhere. Where's the protest about that?
Of course it is disrupting order. I dont see why just because you are "protesting" this should give you an excuse to break the law. I wish western countries were more stringent about this. I'm tired of running into protests in New York. It is disrupting to my daily routine. And wearing a pin is in fact a very effective form of protest
But you're not getting the press for this cause they are/did. 

Like it or not, it will put the issue into people's faces and maybe they'll actually think about for a minute.
"Little evidence"? Try any history book covering Tibetan life from 1900ish to 1950ish.

The Dalai Lama sucks balls. He is the head of a nasty little cult that has little to do with Buddhism. He is to that faith as Bush is to Christianity and Bin Laden is to Islam. It's a means to manipulate people into giving him power.
Would it be a such a bad thing to boycott the US and Russia? 

Hit our government in the pocket book, maybe they'd rethink things a bit. Moral and ethical arguments sure aren't working.
True, but 40 years of non-violent protest haven't gotten them anywhere either.
&gt;"Little evidence"? Try any history book covering Tibetan life from 1900ish to 1950ish.

OK, Reading Comprehension 101.  (really, it's so sad I have to keep doing this)  I'll even add some emphasis to make it easier for you.

&gt;Yeah, the Penn &amp; Teller episode argued that the Dalai Lama was an asshole... **FIFTY YEARS AGO** prior to the Chinese invasion.  They had absolutely nothing of any substance ***that dates past that point.***

All you actually just did was *agree* with me - that there is no evidence from the past 50 years that the Dalai Llama is the same man he was when he was 16.  (which, if I recall correctly, is how old he was when the Chinese invaded.)

Are you going to seriously present an argument that because a man did bad things when he was 16, he must necessarily still be doing bad things 50 years later?
Feel free to go and protest the war, as millions did when war broke out in iraq. And as many still do at every opportunity. 

Just because my country's army is currently in Basra, does not nullify my right to protest a different outrage.
&gt; does world consensus make the Tibetian people WRONG?

According to the BBC documentary, A Year in Tibet, most locals prefer life under the Chinese. How do you know that the current protesters represent the general feeling? Do the Westboro Baptist Churches protests represent the general feeling in the USA?
Would that be the 40-years of CIA funded terrorist activities against China? I take it you are not familiar with the history of the region?
The protests are fine and great, but I don't think extinguishing the Olympic torch will bring any more attention to the cause or win human rights for Tibet and Chinese dissidents.
What, in your eyes, is breaking the law?  I am trying very hard to understand your point of view but you're losing me.  Standing in front of a building is breaking the law?  Chanting?  Having a different opinion form the government?

'Disrupting' your 'daily routine' is not a crime and never will be.  The right to protest, along with the right to free speech, is fundamental to human rights.  They should be allowed to wear a pin *AND* stand in front of a court building for 10 years if they like.  Anything else is oppression.
You're avoiding my point.  The parent was claiming world consensus somehow dictates the legitimacy of an occupation.

I've seen data and opinion polls going both way as to the attitudes of Tibetian people.  And don't forget - people in Tibet who speak out against China tend to get disappeared, making any research in that area more than a bit suspect.

My point is that world opinion on the matter is *irrelevant.*  IF the Tibetian people want China gone, then the opinion of the rest of the world really does not matter.  It was a false argument to even bring up.
It's not this one man, it's what he represents. He had little to do with the misery in Tibet when the Dalai Lama was in power, he had not even been born. His sect is the Asian equivalent of the Taliban. If they gain power the citizens of Tibet will likely be even less free. A free Tibet does not involve the Dalai Lama class system.
Most people can't afford to go to China to protest (and it would probably be illegal to do so). This is the only opportunity most people will have to show to the people of China what they think of their occupation of Tibet. 

People always complain of Reddit being an overly political site, and then when some people actually make a political protest redditors complain about how they're just 'making a nuisance'. All protesting usually amounts to making a nuisance at awkward times, that doesn't mean it shouldn't be done.
I have a hard time understanding your logic, so it entrenches their governments?? Well I dont see cuba hosting the Olympics a supposed celebration of mans ability to achieve astonishing feats and camaraderie. China is in a completely different league to cuba, china is a huge economy that could be hurt severly for their inhumane actions, financially or socially by either economic sanctions or just by our governments disrespecting their role in the Olympics eg boycotting, refusing to acknowledge their celebrations and our teams only showing up for events etc. There are many many things that can be done yet our cowardly governments will do nothing because of chinas huge financial power. So the lesson is if you have the $$$ laws and morals dont apply well just turn a blind eye.
Wow...they really swarmed that guy...
I'm in the UK as well, and I'm seeing a lot more Tibet based protests than I'm seeing against Iraq. That is wrong IMHO.
Massive congregation without permit (the kind that takes the entire street and you cant pass), walking on a police station (threatening to public secutiy), protesting on someone else's private property, disrupting infrastructure (standing in the muddle of a highway), being too loud so that other people cant sleep or work. All these are normally illegal. But in the West somehow they are allowed to happen as long it is a "protest." I think that the Bill of Rights in the US is not understood properly when it comes to rights of assembly.
I don't see it as wrong, it's just because Tibet is more in the news at the moment.  I'm sure more people have protested the war overall.  At the outbreak a million people protested in london/edinburgh, these protests were no-where near that.
I hear you, but us UK students protest about what our government does aswell, it's just not often we get a chance to protest against China on home turf.

Protesting against another country does not preclude protesting against your own. I am as complicit in the atrocities of my own country, the UK, as I am of those of any other country, I support none of them.
Agreed. However, to my eyes it seems that there is more protest outside of Tibet than there is inside, in contrast to your pro-legitimacy argument. They are just as irrelevant, agreed?
No, just all the years of hearing about it at university, all the various pop culture references, and so on. The Dalia Lama and Buddhaist monks and non-violent resistance.
I would have been personally delighted if they had extinguished the flame. Maybe it would have shown people how much we feel about this. And how they should as well. I dont see why you feel shame, its not like the protesters tried to hurt anyone, as for the kids they need to learn sometime that things arent all candy and balloons, maybe they will ask their parents why they were doing what they were doing and their parents will answer "because china is a brutal regime, and doesnt deserve to hold the games"
&gt;It's not this one man, it's what he represents.

Wow, that's quite a change from:

&gt;The Dalai Lama sucks balls.

Have you apologists ever considered that occasionally admitting "yes, I was wrong" before proceeding to completely change your argument might increase your credibility?

What you just told me is that arguing with you further is probably pointless.  Even if I could factually address a complete hypothetical, clearly you'd just shift to yet another angle of attack and pretend the whole time you were presenting a consistant argument.

But, at any rate, you have no evidence for your argument except the belief that if China were to withdraw, things in Tibet would immediately revert to how they were 60+ years ago.  Which might be your *opinion*, but lacking any kind of factual backing (and ignoring just how much has changed in the world in the last half-century) it certainly does not constitute any kind of addressable *argument.*
&gt; However, to my eyes it seems that there is more protest outside of Tibet than there is inside,

Which, of course, has *nothing* to do with the tendency of the Chinese government to arrest and teargas protestors, versus the ability of free people elsewhere to peacefully protest without fear of reprisal.

But yes, in terms of arguing the legitimacy of China's occupation, foreign protestors are irrelevant.  But they *do* draw attention to the issue, which is the purpose they are trying to fulfill.  I am certainly not trying to say "The Chinese occupation is illegitimate because protesting British students say so."  Clearly, that is nonsense.
Yes but (like you say) those are covered by your Bill of Rights.  

The Tibetans have nothing of the sort to fall back on and so China simply makes it illegal to protest the government by calling events like it 'an illegal activity that threatened social stability' and sends in the Riot police.

They have no right to protest as you do.  Even if you find the protests in your area annoying, they at least have that right.
The great Sir Steve Redgrave said that it's quite hypocritical to have trade and diplomacy with China, then get all narky about sport.

(paraphrased slightly)

He's got a point.
You think this is bad wait until the Olympics begin.
Upmodding yourself doesn't count!
Your last sentence is a bit garbled, but you appear to be putting Dalai Lama in the same context as "non-violent". You do know that the US trained his men in guerilla warfare techniques and that when they were in power they had an army that was used to keep the population under control?

"Non-violent" is a PR image cultivated by the CIA in the fight against communism, in the same manner and time frame as they did with the Taliban in Afghanistan.
I watched the show 'A year in Tibet' like you mention.  It was anything but supportive of your views..  

You can learn more about the restrictions of the broadcast and the conditions under which it was filmed [here](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/6951210.stm)
You know that he wasn't born as "The Dalai Lama"? The name is not his just as Bush wasn't christened as "Mr President". 

So yes, "The Dalai Lama" and what it represents sucks balls. 

&gt; you have no evidence for your argument except the belief that if China were to withdraw, things in Tibet would immediately revert to how they were 60+ years ago.

What evidence is there to suggest anything contrary to that? He was on TV talking about peace while actively engaging in guerilla warfare. 

Just because he wears the ropes of a Buddhist monk doesn't make him good. He's a self-publicising CIA stooge.

&gt; and ignoring just how much has changed in the world in the last half-century

History is on my side. These regimes generally go bad.
Don't get me wrong, I had high hopes for the Olympics being good for the people of China in terms of the opening up of China and more freedom for the general population, but these actions are just going to make their government worse IMHO.
My point still stands that the Tibetans are better off under the Chinese than they ever were under the Dalai Lama, as was stated in the documentary several times. If the Chinese were to withdraw tomorrow he would seize power and they would go back to their own ways of self-worship and greed.
Shame they failed.

God damn olympic torch technology!
We all tolerate America, why not China? We would be hypocrites otherwise.
&gt;You know that he wasn't born as "The Dalai Lama"? The name is not his just as Bush wasn't christened as "Mr President".
&gt;
&gt;So yes, "The Dalai Lama" and what it represents sucks balls.

And in the context of the discussion, EVERYONE was talking about the current Dalai Lama, not the institution.  So either you completely misunderstood the discussion you wandered into the middle of, or you are (and pardon me if I think this the more likely option) yet again completely changing your argument to avoid having to admit being wrong.

Whatever.  I'm sick of this little dance. You are not debating this in anything resembling good faith.
It was snowing this morning in south england. I woke up to 2 inches of the stuff.
Yeah i goggled it as well and found it. 

Its hard to say if the peasants are choosing to live under the lamas rule or they are actually being oppressed.
And if the UK invaded Iceland the Icelandics would be better off.. and so on and so forth.  It's not for China to decide Tibet would be better off under it's control and roll it's tanks in.

If the Tibetans have a free choice, and choose the Dali Lama, then it wouldn't matter what his 'self worship and greed' was like.  It would be their choice and that's what matters.
&gt;but these actions are just going to make their government worse IMHO.

So...  people shouldn't protest because the government might respond by doing things that are *worse*?

What the hell are people supposed to do then?  Slap China on the back and congratulate them for their restraint in, say, not invading Nepal and Bhutan while they were at it?

One specific reason for protesting is to get the protest-ee to over-react.  The more China misbehaves, the more countries will be forced to recognize the illegitimacy of their Tibetian occupation (and all their innumerable internal human rights violations, for that matter.)  Get enough countries to turn against China, and sheer international pressure may force them to back down. 

The western world may be "addicted" to cheap Chinese imports, but that addiction does flow both ways.  If China could be goaded into behaving so badly that governments start boycotting their goods, it would be devistating to their economy, which now relies on being able to export billions of dollars in goods to stay afloat.

(Edit:  Not to mention, there is a secondary protest/boycott consideration in this:  the Olympic sponsors.  If Coke and IBM and Apple and Nike and such get too scared of being associated with human rights violations, they'll pull their support, and, again, the Chinese government gets embarassed and financially damaged.)
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ok ok, fair enough.  I suppose a light jumper would be acceptable.  Still not braving anything that harsh. :P
Economic sanctions that were anything more than symbolic would only serve to:

a. Convince the Chinese people that the world wants to keep them poor and powerless and consequently increase support for the CCP
b. Keep the Chinese people poor and powerless

c. Maintain the states control over massive amounts of Chinese life

The economic liberalisation of China has meant that the state has had to forsake some measure of control.Foreign investment means that it has to give up more and that there will be more foreign influence in the long term. An increasingly wealthy population is more likely to care about freedom of speech etc. when they are not worried about whether they will starve to death. 

The lesson is that if you are a nuclear power with a million man army and 1/6 of the worlds population the rest of the world has not got the power to do much good. Change can only come from the Chinese people themselves. Hurting their economy severely may make us feel better but it will only hurt the ordinary Chinese.
I think there is a small difference between killing insurgents and at times accidently killing a civilian (its hard to tell the good ones from the bad ones when they hide in crowds) and slaughtering peaceful monks who want freedom. I know there are the instances of rape etc you hear about, but those are few and far between. I disagree with the Iraqi Occupation, but I think it pales in comparison to China killing monks for wanting independence.
Perhaps, but you are allowed to say it is cold when it snows and sticks.
And the fact America now condones torture and the death penalty without trial for people held at X-ray means what exactly? The wonderful west is showing the Chinese how to be noble and caring?

I can't talk though - England happily eats whatever shit America tells it to. 51st state anyone?
Thank you.  Seriously, Reddit needs more users like you who actually see things for what they are, not just stereotypes and assumptions based on preconceived notions.  The "China is evil and Tibet is pure, holy, and perfect" attitude is bullshit.
THANK YOU.  A voice of reason among the trend-hopping sheeple that is the cancer killing reddit.

I think the problem is that most people on reddit aren't Asian (I mean *culturally* Asian, not just have slanty eyes and black hair while being born and raised in America or another Western nation) and really don't understand Asian political or cultural thought.  We have a *very* different notion of what a proper relationship between a government and its people is.

China has never been an aggressor in its very, very long history.  Ever.  For some reason, Asian people (except the Japanese, who are universally hated by all and are a bit kookier than the rest of us--island nations tend to be that way) don't see a need to invade another country and impose anything on them.  Asian value stability and peace over everything else, and we like having a strong central government to make sure that happens.  As long as our bottom lines are met and we can live out our lives the way our parents did, then we're happy.  We don't mind if they restrict a few things like freedom of speech, religion, guns, drugs, or what have you, as long as society's wheels keep turning.  China's foreign policy, for example, is a world of difference from, say, the United States', who's been sold on the cowboy-neoconservative "yee-haw" ideology while 5000 year+ old China is content to just sit back and watch, with its politicians thinking of the next 400 years instead of the next 4.

Of course everything is changing after the white man found us and decided he like us too much to leave us alone, and even Asian thought is becoming Westernized at an alarmingly rapid pace.  We never had a problem with the Arabs on the Silk Road, who respected the existing government, but after Commodore Perry forced his way in with military might, the rest is history.

But unlike Western people, who have such a short-term memory they even forget what a 200-year-old document that founded their country meant, Asian people have a healthy respect for tradition and history.  Confucious' writings from over *2000* years ago are still very alive today, in deeply engraved social, religious, and political beliefs that no amount of Westernization can ever remove.  Take myself for example.  I am studying in America right now, and have a great deal of respect for this country and its beliefs, evident in my anarcho-capitalist, libertarian political beliefs, but I could never think of *not* showing the utmost respect to anyone older than me or in a higher social position than me by bowing, using two hands, and using the most formal language.  Doing anything otherwise would be worse than being rude or even breaking a sin.  It would simply be unthinkable.

Even China, with Mao's cultural revolutionary maxims of "out with the old, in with the new" that tried to destroy every aspect of that culture and replace it with Communism, still seems to be relatively unchanged (notwithstanding the abomination that is Simplified Chinese) from its old ways.  I'm not discounting modern Chinese history (I've actually met with Johnathan Spence in person and discussed his book with him), but Chinese culture (and as a result, Asian culture) is something so strong, with so much history, that a person like Mao couldn't even touch.

I realize I'm mostly talking to Westerners at this point, so most of this is probably going right over your heads, but try finding an Asian near you--look for the older generations--and strike up a conversation.  Get to know them.  You'll be surprised at how different some people's views are from your own.  Even better, study an Asian language (you could even learn Japanese if you don't have a choice, but you should really look for Chinese [stay away from Simplified!] or Korean language classes), visit Asia, and talk to real Asians.  You'll always be an outside observer as long as your skin is white, but you'll be miles ahead of the rest of these "Free Tibet" hippies.

Bring on the downmods!
How about isolating China until is screams, supporting its' dissidents mith massive funding to create mass instability? China is unfortunately so large that it can pose an enormous threat to us even if it remains dysfunctional. We cannot afford to risk being dominated by these creeps at all costs. Destabilisation FTW. If we all (EU, US, Japan) worked together on this, we can do it. Unfortunately, China at the moment is playing us all off one another for its' own benefit.
[deleted]
Bottom line: China is so large that what it does is more important than what Uzbekistan,  Zimbabwe, or other tin-pot dictatorships do to their people. We need to start asking ourselves whether we can live with a Chinese hyperpower, and if not, what we can do to stop one from emerging. Sadly, there is no way to help China grow and prosper without assisting the CCP. Any improvement in China's living standards and Chinese unification (HK and soon Taiwan) enhance the government's prestige. We need to be doing what we did to the USSR: detabilisation, spying, demonising, fighting proxy wars with its' clients, etc. Some may say the US can't do anything about the situation due to its' precarious financial situation.

What's to stop Europeans from doing something about it? I don't fancy a Sinocentric world in the future anymore than anyone else.
&gt;But unlike Western people, who have such a short-term memory they even forget what a 200-year-old document that founded their country meant, Asian people have a healthy respect for tradition and history.

Funny that the US has the oldest government in the world, has largely remained faithful to its' tenents while China on the other hand has gone through chaos in the Cultural Revolution, destroyed its' spiritual heritage and butchered its' written language. You're not foolin' me.
Correction: Oldest REPUBLIC in the world. *chuckle*
&gt;Basically we'd have to find a country that isn't evil right now.

Get off it. Commies have been *baawing* about US foreign policy for decades.
As I said in my last post, the *current* Dalai Lama engaged in guerilla warfare against the Chinese during his exile. It is you who should be admitting that your suggesting that he is peaceful is wrong. There is no evidence to suggest that is the case.

What I want to know is how come dictatorships suddenly become legitimate and supportable when there is a religious angle?
&gt;while China on the other hand has gone through chaos in the Cultural Revolution, destroyed its' spiritual heritage and butchered its' written language.

Hm... is that why I wrote this?

&gt;Even China, with Mao's cultural revolutionary maxims of "out with the old, in with the new" that tried to destroy every aspect of that culture and replace it with Communism, still seems to be relatively unchanged (notwithstanding the abomination that is Simplified Chinese) from its old ways. I'm not discounting modern Chinese history (I've actually met with Johnathan Spence in person and discussed his book with him), but Chinese culture (and as a result, Asian culture) is something so strong, with so much history, that a person like Mao couldn't even touch.
Lets see ...

-Tibet has been part of china since 1959

-Children in Asia still make our products.

-The rainforest in south America is still shrinking

-People in Africa are still poor, and drinkable water still is a huge problem there.

-Oh, and Africa still has your usual warlords and roaming death squads.


Believe me, it will take alot more than suppression of some poor buddhist country  to achieve change.

Atleast a little country in the middle east has been liberated*

*may actually be the opposite of liberated
&gt; forced to recognize the illegitimacy of their Tibetian occupation

Tibet being a part of China is no more legitimate or illegitimate as the UK owning the Falklands or the US owning Hawaii. Ever looked at a map of Europe changing over the last one hundred years?

&gt; Get enough countries to turn against China, and sheer international pressure may force them to back down.

That is always counter-productive. What would be better would be to flood China with Westernism and allow the population to aspire to more democratic ideals. It's already been going that way for the past 20 years, for example getting a tourist visa used to be very very difficult and I know from personal experience. If the current events continue the reporters covering China during the Olympics will be more restricted and the Chinese population will be exposed to far less of it all. With an atmosphere of protest the censors will be out in full force. 

&gt; If Coke and IBM and Apple and Nike and such get too scared of being associated with human rights violations

Is that the same IBM that worked with the Nazis? Or Nike who have had a long history of using sweatshops? You think they care? 

&gt; and, again, the Chinese government gets embarassed and financially damaged.

Financially damaged? Have you looked at the global budgets lately? China is by far the richest nation around, while most of the west is in severe debt, they are literally rolling it. Any attempt to harm China economically is a waste of time. Sure, it worked against the soviets, but when did you ever see "Made in the USSR" on any product?
It was chilly, yes, but there was no braving of the weather involved.
Before the U.S.A. entered Iraq, the country was fairly stable, and far safer to live in the currently, though admittedly with an asshole dictator. 

Before China entered Tibet, it was a caste-segregated shithole with far more attrocities than currently. 

It's the results that matter, not the intentions.
The Chinese Communist Part withstood one of the largest famines in human history (possibly 30M dead) , the chaos caused by the Great Leap Forward and numerous other convulsions. 

Even if we had the moral right to destroy a nation of 1 billion people we do not have the power to destroy the CCP. If we did why do you think that a collapsed nuclear power in the midst of a civil war or its replacement would be less of a threat to us?
The difference between American and Chinese censorship is that while the Chinese will censor things they don't like, the Americans will censor things they don't understand.
Something needs to be done, anything other than just ignoring it. At this point even meaningless sanctions would serve a purpose by acknowledging the problem exists.

But no, we don't care. We want out plastic shit, we want our billion+ slaves breaking their back supporting our decadent life style.
So we should do something that would hurt the very cause we are trying to further for the symbolism and ignore the suffering that would be caused to the Chinese and Tibetans alike?

Maybe the sense of self-righteousness will make up for the loss of plastic tat
or the shoes they were wearing, clothes, cell phones..?
So........ what about Iraq?

Guess that was yesterday's news, huh?
While i think that the olympic spirit should be respected, I dont believe China deserves to host that spirit. (in the same way the office of president should be respected, not the man currently in it)

I would be disappointed if the flame was extinguishe, but I would understand.

As to the students; sometimes ideallism should win out over pragmatism.
China are a nation in denial. You can't punish someone in denial without it being thrown back at you. You need to work on them slowly and carefully, and get them to realise what they are doing themselves. Protests such as these will just cause them to dig their heals in deeper, and will not help the cause in the long run.

Now it is not only the Tibetans that are 'terrorists', but it seems like half of London is too. That is how it will be read in China.
Why is the logic so difficult to understand?

If a foreign power were to attack the US with, say, a couple of planes full of passengers, and state that this is was in response to what the US government have done to other countries, then would the response of the people of the US be:

a) Oh I see now. Thanks for the wake-up call. Perhaps it is time to tell my government to change their foreign policy.

or

b) Those damn foreign terrorists! Time to support my government as they will protect us from these enemies.

If you hurt the poeple from outside the country, you give them reason to get behind their governments *no matter what* their policies.
Yeah, that seems to be the CIA's policy every time. Really seems to work. Not.
Stable? Are you kidding me?

The guy was [exterminating](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/10/13/iraq.graves/) people of his own country.

Not to mention he was a [threat](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Invasion_of_Kuwait) to the region.

Trying to compare America to China in this manner is intellectually bankrupt.
Stop linking to goddamned CNN. They're not going to go away if you keep making them relevant.
Would that be the China of Mao, who was responsible for the deaths of 70 million Chinese?

I take it you're an apologist for China?
Is there something else that can be done? Ignoring it isn't working.
&gt;*your own government is actively doing those things in Iraq, what then*

China's doing these things as *policy*. Where the US and others screw up, it's not *policy* and it's dealt with.

Your silly moral relativism is showing again.
I'm talking about the current guy who won the Noble Peace Prize and such, late 80's? Haven't they been preaching passive resistence all these years?
I think you should consider a cattle prod to your testicles whilst hanging from the ceiling with your hands almost being ripped off your arms before you make such glib comments.
Tibet had many problems but where do you get that there were more atrocities than now? 
Nonsense.
Sure, the rendition flights were an accident. Woops, gawd-darn it, I tripped on a stone and landed in a private jet bound for Syria. 

Also, the "policy" of the British Empire in Iraq over the past one hundred years has generally been "squash the native uprising".
&gt;*the "policy" of the British Empire in Iraq over the past one hundred years*

Yup. Those Romans, they were pretty crap too. What did they ever to for use?


&gt;*rendition flights were an accident*

Nope. but nothing to do with the day-to-day management of the Iraq conflict. Didn't you know?

70 million deaths directly attributable to Mao. Worse than Stalin. Worse than Hitler. and your contribution is to liken it to *the British Empire*.

Staggeringly stupid.
Nope. But they are a damn sight better than the Dalai Lama for the average Tibetan. Supporting the Dalai Lama is like supporting the mujahideen in Afghanistan. Sure, they are fighting the evil commies but are they any better?
Yes, but it's very likely just good PR. He's been playing the PR game for decades. Ultimately he wants his dictatorship restored. I don't see how that can be equated to a free Tibet.
&gt;*But they are a damn sight better than the Dalai Lama for the average Tibetan*

Great, so China won't mind holding a referendum to allow the people of Tibet to express this view you're confident they'll hold.

Er...wait a minute...
Protesting something that happened decades ago, now that's stupid. Are we going to dig up and reanimate the 70 million? Get a 70-million zombie-man march? Maos dead baby, Maos dead. I could have saw his corpse when I was in China but I decided not to give the wanker the time of day.

The UK is actively involved in activities just as bad as China is in Tibet with respect to Iraq, right now, as we discuss it. This is after one hundred years of continued oppression. The UK is a democracy and supposedly the people have input. The protectors would do far greater justice to the world to sort our own shit out first before whining about China. 

PS some historians suggest the native american holocaust was bigger than even Mao. Should foreigners still be harping on at the US for that? Do these things have a shelf life or something?
Of course they won't. Just like the Dalai Lama didn't hold any referendums asking whether they should stop torturing people, levying crippling taxes and stealing their children into slavery. 

See, it is possible for both sides to be bad. I know it's not familiar if you grew up with red/blue politics, but believe me, it happens.
&gt;*Protesting something that happened decades ago, now that's stupid*

But hold on, didn't you mention the 40-year history of the CIA?

http://reddit.com/info/6erhk/comments/c03n7lg

So you did.

&gt;*The UK is actively involved in activities just as bad as China is in Tibet with respect to Iraq, right no*

Well, we're in Iraq by request of the democratically elected government. Let me see... China in Tibet... requested... democratically elected...

*Really can't see what you're talking about*


&gt;*some historians suggest the native american holocaust was bigger than even Mao*

No reputable historians would use the word 'holocaust' wrt to native Americans. You've been paying to much attention to Ward 'Sitting Bullshit' Churchill.
Hey, it does work a lot of the time. Think 1953 Iran. And anyway, we don't really need for our guys to win. All we really need is to spark some chaos that will scare investors into withdrawing their investments and destroying China's economic power (and the government). We don't need it to be a perfect success, all we need is to destroy the central stability, which will allow Xinjiang, Tibet and Taiwan (hell, maybe even HK) to declare independence. If I was in the CIA, I'd go down to wherever the gangs buy their guns in LA (buy Chinese ones made by Chinese Norinco lol http://www.thehighroad.org/showthread.php?t=23831), find some way of getting them into China and distribute them somehow without the ChiComs finding out, and it's showtime! I also like the idea of getting the Uyghur Independence movement in on it, they're related to Middle Eastern people so you know they'd be good at stirring up sh*t like their cousins do in the Arab countries.
&gt; No reputable historians would use the word 'holocaust' wrt to native Americans.

Yes, but the numbers are of similar magnitude. Or are you suggesting Mao executed 70 million people? 

&gt; Well, we're in Iraq by request of the democratically elected government.

Thank you sir. You just gave me a good belly laugh. I'm outa here, good night!
how naive can you be? every powerful country has ethical transgressions, america more than most, england too. China doesn't deserve to hold the games, america does not deserve to participate. Being an adult means not putting your emotions at the forefront of everything. Its possible to attend and enjoy the games without being a hypocrite. Attempting to frame a public event in terms of political events that are important to you is ungraceful.
For me, the Olympics represents jingoism, ignorance and corruption. What are your views, reddit?
Since when has foreign policy been in any way altruistic?
Why?

People have been peacefully protesting things now for quite a bit. Look at the Iraqi war protests. How much effect did they really have? None. We still went to war. Our governments just brushed them off.

I hate violence and violent protests, but I am asking myself the question of how much effect do nonviolent protests have any more?
Exactly. Sometimes you have to push to get a reaction. Its a dangerous, dangerous business, but catalysing some things is beyond passive protest.
I think if I'd been oppressed for the duration of my lifetime, setting fire to such material goods would be trivial.
I think it's bullshit to try and extinguish the Olympic flame.  It's symbolic of the spirit of goodwill and friendly competition between nations.  Why would you want to extinguish that?

I disagree with China over Tibet, but I disagree with my own damn country's occupation of Iraq, yet no one is trying to prevent us from being part of the Olympics.

The Olympics are a tool for diplomacy, where, ideally, athletes compete on common ground.  They are not a sounding board for any one cause, however just, to ruin one of the few truly international traditions many countries hold with each other.
Not the US alone. But definately, if the EU, US and Japan together realized the mortal threat to our freedom China poses, we could definately strangle China while we are able. Covert military assistance to dissidents, proxy wars, propaganda...

If we work together, we can throttle the beast once and for all.
So, you want Britain to lecture China on Colonialism?

Gee, I think they'll have a lot to learn from you!
Sami in Finnmark.
Fair enough, but when you set fire to people or knock them dead while a rabid crowd 'howls' you on, what kind of treatment do you expect from law enforcement?
Iraq isn't like, cool, dude. Your sense of armchair activism is like, totally out of wack, like you know.
Iran? Yeah, that one worked out pretty well...
I'm not a fan of China, but that figure seems to be inflated a bit.
in the words of an overrated internet hero: "LEAVE THE OLYMPICS ALONE!!!!THEY ARE JUST SPORTS! THEY DON'T NEED YOUR POLITICS STUFF IN THEIR GAMES!IT'S JUST RUNNING IN CIRCLES AND THROWING HEAVY THINGS LIKE BALLS AND STUFF SO PLEEEEAAASE LEAVE THEM ALONE!!! *cry*"
more like another planet. I'm almost certain the Chinese think the world loves em and needs em.
No worse than you've been getting for the last 50 years, really.
Do they? 50 million make you feel better? 30 million? 100 million? Read the histories?

No?

*Then what was the point of your contribution?*
My point is that numbers shouldn't be made up on the spot on the assumption that no one will question them. Surely you do not think that  historical research into the CCP disaster is done in order to "feel better."
&gt;*My point is that numbers shouldn't be made up on the spot*

Really? Well, as they weren't 'made up on the spot' i'm sure you'll feel happier.

What about your made-up feeling that the figures ***seemed*** high to you? Was **that** made up on the spot? you have an emotional disposition to something loweR?

fucking idiot.

Try this:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/programmes/newsnight/review/4586335.stm

and if you still ***feel*** the figure ***seems*** too high then - don't bother getting back to me.
Was it painted red, and had a star in the middle?
there weren't that many protests when the war just started. Now that its underway you can protest (violent or otherwise) all you want and its not going to bring the troops back any faster. What WILL bring them back faster is by not voting McCain.
I thought I had remembered a higher number. I was wrong. I apologize for not communicating in a more aggressive fashion.
Oh fuck off.

Summary:
They have no right to protest as you do.
It's not for you or China to decide that.
The way protesting should be done.
It means they know better then the Lama what to do.
I would if it were possible.
And if your own government is actively doing those things in Iraq, what then?
The difference between American and Chinese censorship is that while the Chinese will censor things they don't like, the Americans will censor things they don't understand.
I don't know why you're getting downmodded.
That is how it will be read in China.
The olympics is related to china, because it is in china.
People have been peacefully protesting things now for quite a bit.
I take it you're an apologist for China?
And how they should as well.
I don't think people who also braved the cold to protest (being students or not) are doing it to make themselves feel important.
Change can only come from the Chinese people themselves.
Protesting the Olympics doesn't make anyone more Buddhist than the other.
It is not for China to decide what they are allowed to worship.
You know that he wasn't born as "The Dalai Lama"?
Yes, you're right not all the protestors are like that.
I don't see how that can be equated to a free Tibet.
The Dalai Lama sucks balls.
I'm saying give China a 100 years and a massive war in between and then we'll see what Tibet feels.
*  IF the Tibetian people want China gone, then the opinion of the rest of the world really does not matter.
I don't see it as wrong, it's just because Tibet is more in the news at the moment.
They have a regional government which is elected by the people here.
It's not this one man, it's what he represents.
It would be their choice and that's what matters.
Where's the protest about that?
Your government can't afford to "sanction" China.
&gt; does world consensus make the Tibetian people WRONG?
The fact that they want to be able to appoint the Dalai Lama is a massive attack on Tibet's religious freedom.
So yes, "The Dalai Lama" and what it represents sucks balls.
I'm not saying I agree with either but it's not like he's one of a kind in religious terms.
If they want to protest, they can go about their daily business with a pin that says "Freedom for Tibet."
He's no different, thats for sure.
They may in fact be more Bhuddist than the Dalai Lama.
But they're still not going to believe you.
I watched the show 'A year in Tibet' like you mention.
50 million make you feel better?
They're allowed to practice their religion as long as it has nothing to do with the Dalai Lama.
I protested at the event peacefully and without violence.
you need to be more specific in saying 'they have cultural freedom'.
I'm sure more people have protested the war overall.
Of course ignore the fact that every country in the world recognizes China's sovereignty over Tibet.
But no, we don't care.
And if your only defense of China's actions is to say "But you did the same thing 100 years ago!"
I think it's bullshit to try and extinguish the Olympic flame.
So what if anyone thinks Tibet is better off as an autonomous region?
Maos dead baby, Maos dead.
Would that be the China of Mao, who was responsible for the deaths of 70 million Chinese?
It's not for China to decide Tibet would be better off under it's control and roll it's tanks in.
I dont see why just because you are "protesting" this should give you an excuse to break the law.
He had little to do with the misery in Tibet when the Dalai Lama was in power, he had not even been born.
But your statement that you can protest in China in a 'harmonious, non-intrusive way' is wrong and I was just pointing that out.
How do you know that the current protesters represent the general feeling?
-He isn't different from the Popes though, I agree.
Something needs to be done, anything other than just ignoring it.
Most people can't afford to go to China to protest (and it would probably be illegal to do so).
Yes, but it's very likely just good PR.
They haven't been peaceful protesters though.
My point still stands that the Tibetans are better off under the Chinese than they ever were under the Dalai Lama, as was stated in the documentary several times.
So...  people shouldn't protest because the government might respond by doing things that are *worse*?
What did they ever to for use?
It's a means to manipulate people into giving him power.
It only makes the situation worse.
I firmly believe that Tibet is better off as an autonomous region inside of China than its own nation.
I would love to see that episode.
Protesting is a good thing but not the way these kids chose to do it.
The guy was [exterminating](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/10/13/iraq.graves/) people of his own country.
What the hell are people supposed to do then?
How would sanctions help change things for the better?
Why would you want to extinguish that?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.84
