Original Response:
imperialism is invalid

i thought thats what the u s was founded on?

hypocricy abounds
When will they start with the suicide bombings?
&gt; imperialism is invalid.

Actually, it wasn't. Read our Declaration of Independence. It's about Tyranny.

Arguably, we have plenty of tyranny now, though.
It is hard to argue against their position.
Good, while you're at it, free Alaska too.
Hm, I remember a certain state declaring itself sovereign a while back.  You'd think they had a chance, especially after several other states and some of the top military minds of their generation joined the cause.  Still, it didn't work out so well in the end.  

Attention:  You may not opt-out of the Union.
[deleted]
good idea, turn hawaii into the next liberia.
There is no need to argue against their position.  Hawaii is recognized virtually nowhere as a soverign nation and has been administered by the US for over a century.  Let them protest.
Let's see, off the top of my head...

1) Occupied for over a century.  
2) A state of the Union for more than 50 years.  
3) Includes vital US military positions. 

4) Includes vital US tourism sector.

5)  Natives have no right to dominion, only occupancy. 

6) Hawaii better off as a part of the Union, with all the federal government has provided and continues to provide.   
7) The Union is eternal. 

It seems pretty easy to argue against their position to me.
[deleted]
Hawaii asked to be part of the Union for economic reasons.  Sorry guys, you handed the state over.
apple meet orange.
[deleted]
good luck with that
[deleted]
Plus I've always been jazzed about the fact that you don't need a passport to go to Hawaii!
We did pretty much steal it but it's been a hundred years and I don't think we're leaving anytime soon.
To start off, China (PRC) hasn't even existed for a century.
That made no sense. I mean, if that quip made sense it would be good, but it didn't. Are you saying my argument is the pot calling the kettle black, or that the US governments is the pot calling the kettle black?
yes, does anyone think millions of middle Americans are going to give up a beautiful tropical paradise that doesn't require leaving the US, to go to some (gasp!) *foreign country*!
The States are in rebellion! Quick give the President emergency powers!
There are multaple [islands](http://reddit.com/info/6hsr7/comments/) seeking sovereignty from the US at the moment.
To make your point moot, Hawaii wasn't part of the Union for over a century either.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawaii  So you're just as incorrect as asdfff.  Unless you're talking about straight up occupied by anyone.  In which case, Tibet was just straight up occupied by foreign countries for well over a century as well.
When I was stationed out there in the Marines a while back I remember the locals always having signs saying "Go back to America", I always thought that was kinda funny -- and sad :(

lol
Actually the US economy will collapse eventually and when that happens the states will become balkanized just like in what happened to the former USSR. There will simply be no money to fund a federal government.
Good luck with that. We welcome anyone who wants to join our union, but if they ever try to leave, we'll send in the army.
How about:
8) Would now be part of Japan if not for WWII intervention?
Hahaha, oh man. Letting the top oil producing state in the Union go. Do you write your own material? You should do stand up.
We can't have that! How will they be able to afford all that fancy stuff to spy on us?!
And Afghanistan "asked" the Soviet Union to invade. In either case the askers weren't legitimately speaking for the people. In Hawaii's case they were speaking for the same business interests which were responsible for the original invasion by the marines.
That's the idea.  I don't see how cutely paraphrasing my position on Tibet has anything to do with advancing your position.  Nice copy-paste though.
Yeah, it was a bad quip. I guess the ultimate point is that you can't be mad about China and Tibet and not about Hawaii.

Then again, is there some sort of statute of limitations on native agitation? Cause most of America was gotten unjustly, it's just been so long.
[deleted]
I don't think Hawaii joined up willingly.
&gt;Hawaii wasn't part of the Union

It was an American territory since 1898.
I was going to make fun of you for using ":(" and "lol", but you are a marine. And you could probably kick my ass.
Tibet was occupied by other countries since 1904 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tibet#European_contact Like I said, if we're just talking about occupation, Tibet was pretty much occupied just as long.
[deleted]
Too bad they dont push the states rights issue together with the new england states. That has potential.
good stuff
As someone born in Upstate NY, I say let's pool resources and break away from NYC.

And then let's give Quebec, Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine a hand.
Hawaii was only a kingdom after european contact, and then it was for less time than it has been a territory of the US. The establishment of the kingdom was also accomplished through violence.

Tibet has a far more complex (and violent) relationship with China and the rest of the region, going back many centuries. 

Also, last I checked, the US government wasn't summarily executing anyone in Hawaii. In fact, it's arguably one of the best places to live in the world whether you are rich or poor.
The residents of Hawaii voted by a nearly 17 to 1 ratio to become a US state ... I don't think it is difficult at all to argue against there position
[deleted]
I don't believe that most of the people who voted were actually natives.
Sounds like Hotel California.
That's factually incorrect. The people of Hawaii voted 17 to 1 to become a state
So my argument is absurd because FREE TIBET!!!?

I don't understand.
Wasn't Alaska purchased from Russia though?
Sorry, reddit has decided that Hawaii should be "free" and you and I will be downmodded because we don't agree.  Our comments are not spam but they will be treated like spam because we are wrong and they are right. 

It seems like the FreeTibeters have invaded this thread as well.  Tibet should be "free" and so should Hawaii because of this.
[That is irrelevant](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overthrow_of_the_Hawaiian_Kingdom)
Cute.  But actually, you do make a good point.  The people we call native Hawaiians immigrated to the Islands only a few hundred years ago.  Do you suppose they will track down THOSE inhabitants and give them THEIR share?  Probably not...
At the time there was no unrest between the people who were living there, native or not. All those who lived there were allowed to vote and they voted to become a state. At the time, Hawaii was a territory with some amount of self governance by the natives. Those natives in command did not fight against statehood and by a large margin the natives supported it. Of course there were some natives who were unhappy, but the 17 to 1 margin is strong evidence against the theory that a majority were unhappy.
I'm not sure I've ever seen a wikipedia article with 3 neutrality flags before ... nice "evidence."
It's better to have a little context as to why people are upset now.

Maybe the fact that people are fighting about it on wikipedia will give you *more* insight.
[deleted]
He's a marine, not a navy seal you pansy.
Your evidence has 3 flags that suggest the article is full of shit ... nice evidence.
*shudder*
Free Hawaii?  I'll take three!
To concede your point further, the Articles of Confederation were eternal as well.  It's more of a statement of what will be attempted, even at great costs (civil war - 620k dead), than a certainty.
As a puritan I would like Massachusetts bay colony returned to those that rightfully stole it from the Indians.
[deleted]
Bush does a double take and enslaves all the minorities for their protection.
18 people inhabited hawaii in 1959?
It's an article that antagonizes *the land of the free*, what did you expect?

Some justification for lawful annexation - to support the illusion of moral superiority, that allows the US to *spread democracy* and *lead the free world*?

...Did you find it? rats
I never said it was a part of the Union for a century, I said it has been occupied by the US for over a century.
i especially like the warning on the discussion page:
"Discussions on this page may escalate into heated debate. Please try to keep a cool head when commenting here. See also: Wikipedia:Etiquette."
[deleted]
I'm around 30-50% Hawaiian and the locals (white, Japanese and natives alike) all have a kind of snarky attitude when I've been there. They provide tourist services and sell tourist goods but it's almost like they resent you for being there. 

Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of cool people there but it's one of the few states I've been to with that sort of feeling.
Thank goodness I live in California. We have a fighting chance economically speaking.
Do you live Hawaii by chance?
Arrghh! our cultural influence is slipping! We need to build more temples!
Before that Hawaii was a series of tribes that would wage war against each other. These tribes had leaders and the like.
Your argument is just as asinine. There are vast differences between Hawaii and Tibet.
Because Hawaii is a part of America? And thus the locals with the signs are *already* there.
&gt;imperialistic and nationalistic talking points

i.e. the governing precedent and law
What right did the kingdom have to violently annex the other islands less than 100 years before the US overthrew the kingdom without firing a single shot?
[deleted]
Sold out I'm afraid.
Really? I felt like the people in Hawaii were exceptionally friendly, particularly in the small towns.
They just had crappy turnout.
Rofl, clearly someone doesn't know any marines.

Hardest boot camp of any division for a reason, sir.
[deleted]
There are citations, including a book with a copy of a resolution passed apologizing for the overthrow of Queen Liliuakai, or whatever her name was.
Another planet joins The Unity.
Or perhaps it's a ratio.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ratio

Logic much?
Damn you Internet.  I had to re-read Crunch's sentence three times before "lolcats" finally read as "locals"
&gt; **Protester vow to return**

In what dimension is that grammatically correct, even as a phrase?
Done. 

Even a marine knows that there are people who are better. If they don't then they're just being a jarhead.
I can't wait until my grandchildren use that argument for Iraq.
I'm not sure any point about something being eternal belongs in a non-religious debate.  At least not if you plan on your points being based in logic.
Plus, I was in the Coast Guard, I can hold my own. 

Granted, I only got to patrol the Great Lakes, but there are some vicious rapscallions up there.
Shhhh!

Annexation is only wrong when *we* do it! The Natives are allowed to be violent and annex each other because *it's their culture*.

Come on, everyone knows that America is a huge evil empire who does a trillion bad things every second. Duhh, get with it!
Strange, I had exactly the opposite experience. The big towns had a kind of indifference but it was really the small towns that gave me that feeling. Weird. Maybe it's just me.
Well, the kingdom violently took over the other islands in the years around 1800, and the US overthrew the kingdom less than 100 years later without firing a single shot.
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuure.
you keep bringing Tibet into this.  Why?
By your argument, and assuming each part of your argument is correct, then the entire U.S. should dissolve.
Korematsu anyone?
Anyone else notice the growing trend on reddit to apply 21st century world views to older situations. The simple fact is that every place in the world once belonged to some other organization than the one that is there now. By the logic used here we should spend the rest of our time on the earth going back as far as possible rather than letting settled issues be settled. If the Hawaiian natives are being abused and having there rights injured at the hands of some oppressive US government (Like the tibetans are) then there is a point. But if the point is that the Hawaiian natives (whose previous kingdom came to power through a violent overthrow) want to kick out the people who were born and raised there ("white" Hawaiians) then that is just plain ridiculous.
i think it's cool how it takes them a couple of days to getting around to making arrest warrants (which they'd never bother with mainland anyway) and yeah, sooner or later they're going to get around to going in there and arresting them probably, but you know, it's ok they're there and all, it's chill.
I just realized that debates between the branches of the military are just as dumb as Windows vs Linux vs Mac debates.
I've known plenty of marines and still know them. I live in San Diego for FSM's sake. 

They also have the lowest requirement for ASVAB scores. Just because you have good endurance doesn't suddenly make you an automatic badass.

I live and work surrounded by Marines on a daily basis and they aren't any different from anyone else. Some are strong, some are little guys who couldn't beat up my little sister.
Pretty much.
[deleted]
The US certainly doesn't let anyone join the actual union... cough cough Puerto Rico.
In all seriousness though, aren't there some serious drug runners that use the great lakes?
Theres a difference and you know it.

Is the majority of the Tibetan population against Chinese ruling?

Are the majority of Hawaiians against American rule, or just a small protesting minority.

Unless things are overplayed, it seems the vast majority of Tibetans do not want to be a part of China, while a small majority of Hawaiians actually want freedom from America.

Hawaii is such a small state so far away from everything, without assistance I doubt it could survive on it's own. It's economy is sustained by tourism, something that would be cut back on if you needed a passport to visit.

Hawaii has one of the highest costs of living and lowest incomes of American states. 

But in all reality, America would not give up the host of highly convenient Pacific Naval station.
and, thus, **siding with the terrorists!**

Sorry, everyone else gets to say it...
how about this logic

1) the "eternal" union is an ideal 

2) idealism has a strong pull on humans

3) humans act on their ideals

4) understanding ideals is important to understanding human action
True, although I would rank the Navy, Marines and Army ahead of the air force. I swear my friend got fatter after he joined.
&gt;2) idealism has a strong pull on humans

This is based on emotion, not logic.
&gt;serious drug runners

Honestly, I do not know. It's not like the gulf coast, what with the coke from South America. My guess would be potheads with qp's in pontoons.
actually that was decided by their own vote, IIRC
Army is lower.
http://usmilitary.about.com/cs/genjoin/a/asvabminimum.htm

Nice try though =)
Who's with me to do the same in Cali?
My son has a few friends that joined the marines. They were average athletes in high school. My sons best friend, and an adopted son of mine just got stationed in the whales vagina. One of them did one of the smartest things of all my sons friends. He enlisted in the navy and was trained to be a nuclear powerplant tech. He'll probably be working at San Onofre in a few years.
John, NYC would bid you and your ilk a fond farwell.
My uncle got fatter after joining the Air Force. I can vouch for that.
You think so?  I would think CA would be one of the worse off states if there was no union. Where would you get water without your neighbors?
Darn. I was hoping for an exciting tale.
You're right. Did it recently change? I heard that from a Marine recruiter a few years ago. (great guy, but certainly not a badass.)

The point I was trying to make was that you can't judge a military body based on it's requirements. I've known some smart motherfuckers that were marines.
Thing is if the people want to, what right do you have hold it now?
I don't think that is relevant, Hawaii was occupied by one entity for 100 years. This is far different than a land with multiple occupiers. The biggest difference between Tibet and Hawaii, however, has little to do with that. Native Hawaiians are treated as equals and voted in the election which made them a state. Many acquiesced and wanted to become part of the US ... this is untrue about tibet.
My cousin was trained as a nuclear power plant technician and can't get a job worth shit. He could be lazy though.
I imagine there would be significant investments in desalination. Realistically though we would just make deals with the other states.
Just ask the south
The two of you might be talking about different Hawaiis.  If you've been to the south of Oahu, you'll see a tourist-oriented culture.  If you've been around the north shore, you'll see the reaction to the tourism; upside-down American flags and such.  On the other islands, things are much closer to neutral/standard rural friendliness; Kauai, Maui.
[deleted]
It's an interesting dynamic. On one hand, Upstate receives more than their fare share of money from downstate, but on the other, they have a crazy tax and law system that discourages business. 

Be careful though, we hold NYC's aquifers. I PEE IN THEM! MUHAHAH
You have a good point, but there is a level of hypocrisy involved as well. For example, focusing upon Tibet, where a handful of people have been killed is nothing compared to what Israel does on a daily basis. The same can be said about pointing a finger at Iran for wanting nukes, when the US already has them. The list of issues goes on and on.

So if you want things that are settled to be settled, then forget about Tibet, because it's now fully part of China. Kicking out the chinese that were raising in Tibet is equally ridiculous.

So the point I see in all these comparisons is to put everything into perspective. Some in Hawaii want to be independent and a few in Tibet do as well. Lets just leave these people to be considered as fringe elements and move on to different subjects. However continue to harp on Tibet and Hawaii is fair game.
I'm pretty sure those lakes are frozen between september and may anyways, or would be, if it wasn't for all the chemical runoff from those shitty little cities.

Seriously, outside of Chicago, the North Coast is deaaaaaaaaaaaaaad.
This is like me and my friends walking into the old US Capitol in Philadelphia and claiming we were restoring the sovereignty endowed to us in the Constitution.  We would be screaming "Don't taze me bro" within seconds.  

If the gas doesn't work on these assholes they should open up with rubber bullets.  This kind of shit can't be tolerated.
That doesn't sound very promising. I'm going to show this comment to my sons friend just for fun. If he can't take that education somewhere, than yes he has some issues. This kid told me his training will eventually get him a Bachelors degree. My sons marine friend got shot in the head, but his helmet deflected the bullet. He's milking it for all it's worth though. He went to Iraq gung ho, but now he's seen the light. These are all AV grads BTW.
Indeed. And good luck remaining economically sustainable up there without tax dollars from those of us down state.

Upstate NY is an economic sink hole.
Interesting point. My sister (resident of Philadelphia) has always stated that there is too much racial tension in the City. I have asked her how is it that they keep things together and she told me that it is all "through lots of money".
Hadn't thought of that... We'll just have to build lots of desalinization plants all along long island.
I'll take it!
I can back that up. A coworker (100% caucasian) used to live there for a long period of time. He told me exactly what you did and that native Hawaiians are always two-faced. He said they will treat the tourists nice to their face, but will disparage them behind their backs.
Man the French resistance was funny. They wanted the Germans to go back to Germany, except they already were there because France was annexed. I'm really cracking up here!
You bring up completely unrelated issues. The Israel issue is unrelated: Tibetians aren't blowing themselves up in mainland china or sending rockets into china, they are, by in large, peacefully protesting. The Iranian nuke issue just is completely unrelated and any alleged hypocrisy there has no bearing on this situation. 

As I stated in my original post, Tibetians are being abused and not given any rights, therefore, letting the chinese continue to abuse the Tibetians is not comparable to the Hawaii situation. 

edit: Typo, changed "protecting" to "protesting"
[deleted]
Most of France was never annexed, half of it was given a puppet government and the other half was occupied throughout the war, only Alsace-Lorraine was annexed.
I'll bet there are  some  Polynesian groups that would like the French to go fuck off.
&gt; Also, last I checked, the US government wasn't summarily executing anyone in Hawaii. 

what summary executions are occurring in Tibet?
No you said:
Let's see, off the top of my head...

1) Occupied for over a century. 

And Tibet was occupied for over a century.
The US dissolving is probably the only way to stop the current slide into fascism we're in now. The federal government assumes near total control of everything, which is not how the US was meant to be. Plus there really isn't an option for a state to leave the US any longer, how fair is that?
You forget the power of NIMBY. 

Meanwhile, Upstate NY's flannel and maple syrup based economy will flourish, as the car is quickly replaced by the snowmobile, easily powered by clean Niagra Falls hyrdo electric. 

And we will retreat to our cultural and economic capital of Buffalo and drink Labatts and speak of The Battle of Westchester in boastful tones.
The "time heals all wounds" defense. So China needs to hold off criticism for a few more decades and then everything is official.
[Did somebody say emergency powers?](http://www.kccampus.com/viewthread.php?action=attachment&amp;tid=384&amp;pid=1544)
Actually offshore rigs in the Gulf of Mexico and California are the biggest.
That's kind of besides the point, but true. ;)
Eh kinda sorta, and only under heavy UN pressure, but statehood was pushed before that, and denied. There are/were multiple forces working for and against it, which makes it rather complicated, but the US definitely chose to ignore multiple repeated petitions for statehood. 

(And actually it was put to vote several times, and each time it has more or less been deadlocked, it may be put to vote again in a way that is less likely to be deadlocked if HR 900 ever actually gets put there)
**No!** The debate on Windows vs Linux vs Mac is way better than the debate between the branches of the military.
It was 50 years later so does by then we were already there. It's like if 100 people moved into your house and then had a vote if you should get to keep it or not.
I don't expect or believe we should give Hawaii back but I wouldn't make the claim that we did them a favor by taking it.
You might think their protests won't work, but you haven't seen [their military wing](http://www.jeffpidgeon.com/uploaded_images/stitch-792288.JPG).
Democraticly elected rep's.
Hahaha. 

Oh God, your cultural and economic capital of Buffalo? That actually had me laughing out loud.

It doesn't sound like we need to even have a battle of Westchester (where I'm originally from). Lets just part amicably, and sign a non-aggression treaty.

You can have Buffalo. That'd be like us claiming Northern Jersey. Hahaha. Buffalo.
You're missing the point:  

Humans act on emotion.  

Human action determines what is a realistic option. 

Thus, emotions are relevant to determining what is realistic.  

If you want to make a perfect syllogism out of everything fine, as long as you accept that isn't how the world works.
I'll take one
True, but we haven't tapped into Prudhoe Bay yet.

But, I should say "such a large holder of oil", this, I cannot deny.
&gt; Is the majority of the Tibetan population against Chinese ruling?

Probably not. There is a significant connection to China and a large part of the population is Chinese. They are likely happier now than under the previous theocracy.

&gt; Unless things are overplayed, it seems the vast majority of Tibetans ...

I'd say it's overplayed. Israeli oppression of the Palestinians kills a lot more on a daily basis, but gets a lot less negative press. So based on number of deaths, it way over-played.

&gt; Hawaii is such a small state so far away from everything, without assistance I doubt it could survive on it's own. It's economy is sustained by tourism,

The number one source of income for Tibet in tourism as well. Nice parallel, but I think you were trying to argue the opposite.

&gt; Hawaii has one of the highest costs of living and lowest incomes of American states.

China doesn't tax tibet, because they are so poor. In fact they provide a huge amount of money to sustain Tibet. The Tibetan economy would likely collapse without the influx of capital.

&gt; But in all reality, America would not give up the host of highly convenient Pacific Naval station.

China wouldn't give it up either. They seem to have a less militaristic reason though.
I support PR statehood and would be glad to see them admitted to the Union as a State, should they so choose.  It's actually a situation I haven't kept my eye on as much lately as I'd have liked to.  Thanks for the info!
Yeah I hail from Binghamton. 

Imagine Buffalo without the quick outlet to Canada or the major league sports teams. (The Buffalo Bills are a microcosm of Buffalo? OR maybe case in point. I'm trying to think of the perfect word, and I cannot) It's like a smaller Syracuse. Yikes. 

Personally, I'd love to move to NYC someday, and then run a farm or have land Upstate. The taxes are fucking outrageous though, and there are no jobs.
Or they would hold a Miracle Crusade.
[deleted]
I forgot how funny "Don't taze me bro" was!

edit: Actually, I just rewatched the full video... it's not very funny.
[deleted]
The sentence is much funnier if you *do* read it as "lolcats".
Tibet is a lot better off today than they've ever been. So my point about bringing up Israel is to look at Tibet in a context of locations other than Hawaii. The point about Iran is quite a bit off topic, but I was trying to point to the hypocrisy of calling Tibet an oppressed place because they had police break up a riot and the US breaks up riots all the time as well. Bringing up Iran was another example of hypocrisy, bad example sorry.

&gt; Tibetians aren't blowing themselves up in mainland china or sending rockets into china

And China isn't sending fighter planes to bomb Tibetan civilians. A couple of people died, which is nothing compared to how many Palestinians are killed by Israel. Put the two in context and then decide which people are worse off.

So yes, comparing Hawaii to Tibet from a perspective of violence is ridiculous. My point though is to compare Tibet to Gaza and then decide where the humanitarian tragedy is occurring.
Is it just me, or do I *really* need to play Sid Mier's Alpha Centauri?
This is true if your objective is to convince as many people as possible to agree with you, but if you're trying to come up with the best solution to something, resorting to emotion is not optimal.
You're trying to drag me into an Israeli/ Palestinian argument which is completely unrelated to the issue. 
If you could read you would see my original post explicitly separated Tibet and Hawaii. 
You comparison of Tibet and Gaza is also ridiculous because their histories are not similar. The Gaza situation was created through mistakes made on both sides and is perpetuated by violent acts by Hamas which are not corollary of Tibetans. The situation which began the refugee problem in Gaza was a war started by Arabs, not Israel, further distancing Tibet and Gaza. Additionally, those imprisoned by Israelis are given trials and are rarely given the death penalty, unlike the summary beheadings which occur in tibet. 
The fact that you try to inject Israel into this conversation (and many other unrelated conversation) shows your ridiculous POV on this issue and some strange belief that Israel is some sort of trump card and the greatest evil on earth, but this is not backed up by the facts. If you want to continue this argument, I'm sure we'll see each other in an Israel thread (as we have many times before), but I don't think the people who read the "free Hawaii" thread want to hear it.
Funny, when I do this, I get downmodded...

Damn, I gotta take some classes, will you teach me to be Pro American the right way? 


I'll pay in Euro's.
Free Hawaiians from King Kamehameha the Great's rule!

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hawaii#Hawaiian_kingdom
The same way a wife can ask for independence from her husband. Two parties agreed to be bound, one or both wants out. Simple.
I love puppets!
Of course, it's a common pattern in history.  The natives *almost always* want to wring as much economic and cultural benefit as they can from the occupying power before suddenly demanding their independence.
Yeah, Don't get me wrong. I went to school upstate in Ithaca, so I actually drove by binghamton many a time. Its a nice town, but New York City is pretty much like a whole different world. Its hard to compare it to anything else in New York.

You are right that its ridiculously expensive to live in NY. 

Also, I didn't mean to come off so supercilious in that last post, so let me try a more fitting response:

You are right, the battle of westchester was a dark day for the early moments of independence for the great state of the city of new york. The city folk generally responded by holding mass protests up until the northerners reached Yankee stadium. Then people really started to get pissed. Indeed even mets fans, in queens, who initially rejoiced in the destruction of yankee stadium took offense as northern troops entered Astoria. 

The state was set for General Bloomberg. It was then that the city-folk rallied. Men from SoHo and Hell's Kitchen smack each others behinds enthusiastically as they recall the Hudson Valley campaign in which they had so much sex with each other that you upstaters, only slightly more conservative than us, were too offended to fight further.

Indeed the American economy stood still and Wall street was empty as men in suits fought inch by inch to regain the Bronx, New Rochelle, Pelham and Mount Vernon.

Upper East Siders and Upper West Siders united in a common goal of finding sufficient numbers of surprisingly attractive eastern european O'Pere's to watch their children so they could take hours to get ready before heading north to fight through Yonkers. 

Actors from Law and Order, who had for so long practiced using guns, finally got to use them. It was, however, a dark day when Sam Waterston was felled at the Battle of the GWB, despite a rousing speech in the name of justice. 

Indeed even black men and the NYPD united....ok, even I think that's too much.

In any event, at the end of the day State Senator Silver was captured in Croton and tried for crimes against the environment for single handedly shooting down the congestion pricing plan. After a peace treaty between our two great peoples that involved much bickering of the appropriate way of saying "chocolate" and  "douglaston," a border was established just north of Croton to allow a sufficient water source for the new state. It is patrolled today by the mean looking homeless people who used to hang out infront of the 125th street metro north station.
Historically speaking, Hawaii agreed to be part of the US roughly the same way Tibet agreed to be part of China.
Hawaii is a strategic military base for anyone with interests in the Pacific. Even if they did manage to extricate themselves from the US, they'd be snapped up by China, Japan, or someone else quicker than you can say "Dole Pineapple".
Hell yeah.  I did part of my childhood in Upstate NY, and it's one of the most boring, bland pissholes on the face of the Earth.  Split it into two or three regions that can be merged into nearby states.

Then go ahead and merge the entire NYC metro area into one state.  It just makes way more sense that way.  New Jersey doesn't make sense as an independent state anyway.  Half the state orbits New York City, the other half Philadelphia.
&gt;  That's factually incorrect. The people of Hawaii voted 17 to 1 to become a state

Nevermind that many of the voters were US military personnel stationed there.
I heard they want to install Ron Paul as King.
&gt; But if the point is that the Hawaiian natives (whose previous kingdom came to power through a violent overthrow) want to kick out the people who were born and raised there ("white" Hawaiians) then that is just plain ridiculous.

It's a good thing that isn't what anybody is proposing.
there were 17 military personnel for every 1 Hawaiian? Source?
[deleted]
Yeah I had a friend (AV attender as well) that was gung ho about the military after 9/11 but that soured pretty quick. He declined to re-enlist. 

As far as the Nuke: I just checked up and it sounds like he's trying to continue his education before he 'seriously' looks for a job. I think he may have made some bad decisions (education wise) while enlisted.
&gt; Tibet is a lot better off today than they've ever been. 

You speak for Tibetans?  Have you even been there?
Why did you get downvoted? You're just relaying what you were told.
&gt;But if the point is that the Hawaiian natives (whose previous kingdom came to power through a violent overthrow) want to kick out the people who were born and raised there ("white" Hawaiians) then that is just plain ridiculous.

Depends on which group it is. Most groups aren't against non-Hawaiians being here. I mean, most are part white or have white relatives. I know very few full Hawaiians.

Yes I live in Hawaii.
&gt;But if the point is that the Hawaiian natives (whose previous kingdom came to power through a violent overthrow) want to kick out the people who were born and raised there ("white" Hawaiians) then that is just plain ridiculous.

Just for the record: most Hawaii residents are Asian, and this has been true since long before it was a US State. There are lots of non-natives that live there with roots going back several generations, a large fraction of whom are of mixed race and have no country ot go "back" to, whatever that means.
Bush (scratching chin) "Hmm...if we let'm go Native then that pesky Obama ain't no longer a citizen... Mission Accomplished!"
Trust me, on the Big Island we love everybody. Though we are more likely to break into your car if its a rental car. But you guys tend to have more money too.
Thank you for the correction and a lack of country to go back to was part of the point of my comment.
what, in your experience, is the goal of the protesters? (For the record I have no objection to their protest, I take issue with the comments on reddit).
http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2130/2457549644_29b21cb846_o.jpg
I was about to write a response about a charismatic Upstate NYer giving a rousing speech before "The Battle of Ulster County" using phrases like "AND ON THIS DAY, do not think of yourself as a Rochesterite, or Binghamtonian, or Utican, but as an UPSTATER! SO REMEMBER THAT IT IS POP, NOT SODA, AND FLORIDA ISNT PRONOUNCED *Flahder*, idea *idear* and  TAKE BACK WHAT IS YOURS!"

But I can't really think of a quintessential charismatic Upstater. Seems like even the politicians up there are from NYC originally, and the famous people moved away and then got famous. 

10 months of the year you need an Upstate Sherpa to make safe passage to the land of Canada, lest ye wish to die of exposure in the yards of lake effect snow. 

We should really write a novel about the dual perspectives of the war of the state of the City of New York City and the state of Upstate. Sort of like that movie about the Israeli and Palestinian, but with better accents and more snow.
no, from Canada. We were ripoff good...
Your original point was that Hawaii is a closed issue. You said that reddit is trying to apply 21st standards onto past events. If you just want to argue Hawaii/Tibet, well thats very selective and convenient, because thats an apples to orange comparison.

If old events are closed and shouldn't be discussed, then why is Tibet an open issue still? This is why I bring in the other examples, because your mention of "summary executions" is an insignificant amount of deaths compared to other modern events. The US kills more with police brutality than China beheads people in summary executions.

You can't open the discussion by complaining that reddit discusses things in an unusual fashion and then leave the discussion as an apples to orange comparison. If you want to discuss brutality in Tibet, then lets use modern examples of brutality. Hawaii isn't a brutalized state, but the Gaza strip is. Lets do an apples to apples comparison.

&gt; The Gaza situation was created through mistakes made on both sides...The situation which began the refugee problem in Gaza was a war started by Arabs, not Israel

It's nice that you're blaiming everyone but Israel for the daily death toll they deal out. Yet when it comes to a rare occurence in Tibet, you blow it way out of proportion.

&gt; some strange belief that Israel is some sort of trump card and the greatest evil on earth, but this is not backed up by the facts.

Israel kills more Palestinians on a daily basis than China kills Tibetans, that is a fact.
The Union pretty much owns it now.  They received protection and rights from the Government, it will take more than just walking away for sedition.

Also, not exactly sure how big this group of native Hawaiians is.  For all I know its a small group, or some wackjob, like the guy who claimed to speak for the souix nation a few months ago.
I stir up a lot of other conversations and people tend then to vote down my name and not the comment itself.
[never, I'm basing it on what I have gathered from the internet](http://info.tibet.cn/en/newfeature/faf2003/t20050516_29443.htm)
Exactly.. Just like all of the other pacific islands now under Japan's control, like the Philippines, Singapore, etc.
For Sale: One Hawaii, reasonably priced. Slightly belligerent.
It was called Seward's Folly at the time.
"This is how liberty dies...with thunderous applause."
Only because internet nerds have more time to argue because they aren't having sex, protecting the country, or doing 100 push ups.
So, you're just trolling?
The point is: no one is being oppressed in Hawaii. If native Hawaiians want to practice their culture there *they may do so with impunity*. 

This Hawaiian separatism is unnecessary and divisive.
I dunno I think you have to be totally and outrageously facetious when you do it.

I get downmodded pretty hard otherwise as well :(

Edit: *Ridiculous* overusage of italics *seems* to help *too*.
Sarcasm much?
Did Afghanistan hold a public referendum that passed with 93% of the vote?
Hawai'i may have voted 17 to 1 in 1959 to become a state, but there was certainly no vote held when the country was invaded in the 19th century.  What you're saying is akin to me breaking into your house, moving my family and a couple others in, then holding a vote among the new household residents as to whether or not I get to retain ownership.
&gt; If you just want to argue Hawaii/Tibet, well thats very selective and convenient, because thats an apples to orange comparison.

Still having trouble reading, that was my original point. 

&gt; If old events are closed and shouldn't be discussed, then why is Tibet an open issue still?

As I explained already it is the treatment of the Tibetans

&gt; It's nice that you're blaiming everyone but Israel

I stated "The Gaza situation was created through mistakes made on both sides." I didn't blame everyone but Israel. 

 &gt;  Yet when it comes to a rare occurence in Tibet, you blow it way out of proportion.

Read and learn about tibet. They torture Buddhist religious leaders and claim that Tibet is China's property.

Your Israel arguments here are very forced and irrelevant. Israel doesn't even claim sovereignty over gaza like China does over Tibet and the US does over Hawaii, which was the point of discussion here. I could show links to Hamas' use of human shields, videos of them encouraging martyrdom and their purposeful use of tactics to put innocent palestinains in danger, but that would be as irrelevant as the drivel which you respond to me with.
I'm not disagreeing with you.
The native Hawaiians can practice their culture freely and are encouraged to take part in the ongoing social dialogue that is American culture. 

The situations are not the same. 

(Edited to reduce dickishness.)
Those fools, though I'm proud of them, will be arrested, sent to Gitmo and tried for treason.
I'm not sure I understand where you're coming from.  Are you trying to imply that the Hawaiian sovereignty group is composed of the descendants of white settlers?
That was 50 years after we overthrew the Monarchy that was in place in Hawaii.
I don't think most sovereignty groups want non-hawaiians to leave, they just want the American government gone.
Good tip, I'll leave out all my misplaced italics *as* well
Yeah, Tibet is in no way related to the discussion at hand. There are few similarities.
Terrible refutation.  He didn't say that the article sucked and needed work (which it probably does).  He said that in its current state it can't very well be used as "evidence" of anything and he's right.
no, just the facts. A subjective experience on my part to compare circumstances from 30 years ago to today would prove nothing. The link I gave you shows significant economic progress with monetary amounts.
I thought it was a reasonable question... If native Hawaiians want to be separate for the simple reason of their own racial and cultural bigotry, why would they not take the further irrational step of violence?
no it's not ... it's nothing like that at all. Hawaii was invaded in the 1800s (see how far you needed to go back), but the ruling kingdom then came to power through a violent overthrow. So, using your logic, we should go back before then. While we're at it why don't we just turn back the clocks everywhere. Force American's back to europe, redraw any line created through war or imperialism and spend the rest of our lives trying to figure out who originally owned everywhere.

The simple fact is that over 100 years after America's first influence into Hawaii, 17 out of 18 people voted to make it permanent and make Hawaii a state.
&gt;The number one source of income for Tibet in tourism as well. Nice parallel, but I think you were trying to argue the opposite.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_Tibet
&gt;The economy of Tibet is dominated by subsistence agriculture.

Wikipedia seems to imply that agriculture is the mainstay of the economy in Tibet. Can you provide sources to show otherwise?

I suppose the biggest issue most people see with the protesting and rioting is the treatment of Tibetans.

I don't support China's actions against Tibet, but I'm not a "Free Tibet" person either.

Like, the parallel here is that protesters can protest in Hawaii, but they locked the gates to a Museum, and will be arrested and charged in court. 

In China, we have reports of Chinese police pretending to be monks to get crowds to become riotous, and the death/murder of many protesters.
Im also not getting shot at or getting exotic STD's...
that's a distinction without a difference
and less then 100 years after the kingdom ruling hawaii overthrew the government before them.
[deleted]
If Tibet wants to practice their culture they can as well. Where did you get the impression that China was suppressing the practice of Buddhism?
[deleted]
I agree, we should find the logically best choice--but what's logical isn't always possible.  We can't let the perfect be the enemy of the good.
Maybe much?

Wait.

Maybe? Maybe.

Shit, now I'm confused.
Yep, and we all live in igloos too...
My point is that, regardless of whether you mirrored dunskwerk's points (which I do not find to be particularly compelling) exactly, your comparison of Hawaii to Tibet is not an apt one. The situations are quite different. 

(And native Hawaiians are protected from discrimination by the 14th Amendment. They can get their hands on a lot more than "pineapples.")
Michigan here asking to be annexed by Canada.
Yeah for a lousy million bucks. I wish Canada had ponied up the cash and offered them $1.5M, it would have made much more sense.
&gt; I stated "The Gaza situation was created through mistakes made on both sides." I didn't blame everyone but Israel.

Thats like saying that the Tibet problems are caused by people on both sides. Realistically Israel and China are responsible for the vast majority of the problems.

&gt; Read and learn about tibet. They torture Buddhist religious leaders and claim that Tibet is China's property.

Read and learn. Israel bombs civilians and claims they were terrorists. 

The important part though is the number of deaths is much greater in Gaza than in Tibet. You just turn a blind eye to Palestinians, because Israel is the aggressor. China doesn't hold your support in such a manner and therefore you magnify their actions to a greater extent.

&gt; Israel doesn't even claim sovereignty over gaza like China does over Tibet and the US does over Hawaii

If thats how you want to put it. China has claimed sovereignty over Tibet long enough and equals the claims that the US has over Hawaii. That however is not the focus of your argument. You're making a case against China because of brutality claims. That is why in terms of brutality hawaii and tibet are not comparable.
Being a nuke is a pretty smart choice, they dangle quite a big amount of cash over your head ($60,000 cash for my 5 year commitment) but the lifestyle gets annoying fast. 

I preferred blowing shit up in the Corps instead of working in a sub 9 out of the 12 months.
I guess I made some assumptions. I admit that I'm not completely in the know about the Tibet situation. However, *IF* Tibetans may practice their culture freely, are not being oppressed/murdered/whatever, and are benefiting economically from being a part of China, then I find the Tibetan separatist movement to be barbaric and unjustified.
No.
[deleted]
&gt; Wikipedia seems to imply that agriculture is the mainstay of the economy in Tibet. Can you provide sources to show otherwise?

From the very same link you gave :*In recent years Tibet's tourism has expanded rapidly, especially after the finish of Qingzang Railway in July 2006. Tibet received 2.5 million tourists in 2006, including 150,000 foreigners.[4] According to the Chairman of the Tibet Autonomous Region, Qiangba Puncog, Tibet's economy has grown on average 12% per year from 2000 to 2006*

The economy is growing from tourism, not subsistence farming. I don't believe subsistence farming contributes to the GDP, since subsistence implies not selling the food at a market.

&gt; In China, we have reports of Chinese police pretending to be monks to get crowds to become riotous, and the death/murder of many protesters.

The police in the US do the same thing. They'll dress as protesters and mingle within the crowd, chanting slogans to blend in.

&gt; I suppose the biggest issue most people see with the protesting and rioting is the treatment of Tibetans.

Thats the problem I have with Tibet, because the scale of the problem isn't that great. How many deaths have occurred compared to other places around the world? I would be willing to bet that more deaths occurred in the US due to police brutality than protesters were killed in Tibet.
&gt; Realistically Israel and China are responsible for the vast majority of the problems.

Israel was unilaterally attacked by it's neighbors in 1948, 1967 and 1973 ... They are attacked on a daily basis ... The leaders in the palestinian territories squander money and let their people live destitute ... Hamas uses piping for infrastructure for rockets ... The rest of the Arab world shuts the palestinians out. Your viewpoint is absurd. 

&gt; The important part though is the number of deaths is much greater in Gaza than in Tibet. You just turn a blind eye to Palestinians, because Israel is the aggressor.

I covered this above ... please learn how to read. "I could show links to Hamas' use of human shields, videos of them encouraging martyrdom and their purposeful use of tactics to put innocent palestinains in dange"

&gt; If thats how you want to put it. China has claimed sovereignty over Tibet long enough and equals the claims that the US has over Hawaii. That however is not the focus of your argument. You're making a case against China because of brutality claims. That is why in terms of brutality hawaii and tibet are not comparable.

You're really slow. you keep restating my original point. My original point (I'm gonna quote it for you) 
&gt; If the Hawaiian natives are being abused and having there rights injured at the hands of some oppressive US government (Like the tibetans are) then there is a point.

saying (quite clearly) that hawaii and tibet were not in the same situation because Hawaiians aren't treated brutally and that the comparison is week. Further arguing that the viewpoint about HAwaii independence was ridiculous.

Please get some help with your reading comprehension.
The application of modern world view to historical situations is a very prevalent plight on Reddit. Sure its easy to take a situation and look at it from our viewpoint, after all thats what we are comfortable with, but the fact of the matter is that to get the whole picture one must look into historical context of the situation. 

Blindly applying your values to history will lead to nothing but confusion and misjudged facts...
http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/HAWAII/hawaii.html
I'm no expert either, but my understanding about the conflict is over who the leaders will be and nothing about the average citizens plight. I think what the protesters want is for the Monks and religious leaders to have a greater part in the government. Thats what the Dali Lama is after all, a religious leader exiled from the country. Therefore I find the situation a bit odd, because you'd think redditors would be against a theocracy.
How so?  The difference seems obvious.
I guess thats where the trend of the US "liberating" other sovereign countries starts...
You're right, the comparisons you made were reasonable in response to dunskwerk's comment. I guess I just wanted to point out that there are some important differences too. 

Hopefully I've not come off as too much of a dick either.
In 1959.
Right, if it weren't for the U.S. they also would be under Japan's control.  Good thing we fought in the Pacific eh?
Hmm, sounds like I should look into this some more before taking a side. I'm certainly against theocratic governments, even if that's what the people "want," because often people have been heavily brainwashed by their religion, so they don't really know what they want. 

That wasn't intended to be an insult to religious people, by the way. I used to be heavily religious, so I'm speaking from firsthand experience. 

Anyway, if the conflict is not over human rights conditions, but over religious leadership, then the Tibetan separatists are no better than Islamic and Christian fundamentalists.
&gt; The rest of the Arab world shuts the palestinians out. Your viewpoint is absurd.

Like that justifies bombing civilians with fighter planes and tanks.

&gt; please learn how to read. "I could show links to Hamas' use of human shields, videos of them encouraging martyrdom and their purposeful use of tactics to put innocent palestinains in dange"

The deaths of Palestinians is way out of proportion to the deaths of Israelis. The deaths are facts that can be easily counted, claiming that all the deaths are because Hamas used the civilians as human shields is amazingly naive.

&gt; saying (quite clearly) that hawaii and tibet were not in the same situation because Hawaiians aren't treated brutally and that the comparison is week.

You however started off your argument by saying that comparing 21st century politics to old conflicts is unreasonable. You then changed it to a comparison of brutality rates. So which is it, how long the US has claimed hawaii or how it treats it's citizens thats important in making sovereignty claims?

So if you claim that its a matter of time, then Tibet as been occupied long enough, just like Hawaii and neither of them deserve independence. If instead you want to claim that Tibet deserves independence because china is brutal and the US is not to Hawaiians, then thats an apples to oranges comparison.
&gt;The police in the US do the same thing. They'll dress as protesters and mingle within the crowd, chanting slogans to blend in.

I honestly have not heard of that, but in the US, there is a huge stigma with police violence and oppression of protest.

When was the last time a protest was quelled using violent measures in the US?

&gt;I would be willing to bet that more deaths occurred in the US due to police brutality than protesters were killed in Tibet.

That's an unfair metric as well. I'm willing to bet many more deaths happen in China due to police brutality than the US. One is a hyper-corrupt oppressive police state (HAR HAR - not the US!) and the other still enjoys moderate civil freedoms.
He's stationed on an aircraft carrier in San Diego right now. He is bored out of his gourd though.
&gt; When was the last time a protest was quelled using violent measures in the US?

The last "major" one that I can recall was the WTO summit in Seattle during 1999. It was comparable (or larger) in scale to any Tibet protest. The police were clearing the streets with hundreds of riot police and tear gas filled the streets so much that people for miles around could smell it.

[There are of course near daily occurrences on a smaller scale in various cities.](http://danielhernandez.typepad.com/daniel_hernandez/2007/05/lapd_unleashes__1.html)

&gt; That's an unfair metric as well.

Yes it is unfair and I agree with you that China overall is far worse than the US. My point was that we are blowing the Tibetan crackdown out of proportion.
no one really was accusing _you_ of it...
["About 75 percent of the water supply originates in the northern third of the state (north of Sacramento), while 80 percent of the demand occurs in the southern two-thirds of the state."](http://www.lib.berkeley.edu/WRCA/exhibit.html)
They are not in rebellion. The people of Hawaii voted to become a state and the referendum passed by an overwhelmingly large margin (over 90% in most cities) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Hawaiivotesinset.JPG

There are always gonna be some crazy people in any population. I'm sure you could find a higher proportion of people in southern states that want to secede than in Hawaii.
No, but you could in Vermont, New Hampshire and Montana, to name a few.
Elections are never rigged. Especially in future US territories.
[deleted]
Oh yeah, I remember you. I think we've had it out a few times. But yeah, downvoting based on a name isn't the best practice.
how did my comment get all the way to igloos?

Im impressed.
how else do you display sarcasm on text?  Sad-funny.
The link you provided was "Courtesy of the People's Republic of China".  That's about as helpful as a Fox News discussion of the Democratic candidates for president.
Sorry, my bad.  If the US comes to the aid of a country during a time of war, we should have the right to unquestioned endless occupation. 

I wonder why we didn't annex France and Britain, come to think of it.
I thought it was sad because the kid's were stupid enough not to realize they were in fact "in" America, you know... the US State of Hawaii.
sorry, thats the only statistic available about Tibet.
I friggin hate that line.  It's trite and Portman's delivery makes me shudder each time I watch it.  Thanks a lot for fucking beating us over the head with the message you're trying to convey, George, there's no way we would have gotten it if you hadn't spelled it out for us like that.
hehehe, I'm here too much I guess ;)
We can stop using reddit any time we want. Anytime. No problem at all. I just don't want to.
All places have a love/hate relationship with tourists.  On one hand, it's very good for the economy and on the other, being tourists means that they're probably not used to the customs and mannerisms of the place that they're visiting.
You don't *really* need to, you *must* play.
Agreed 100%. In fact, most of the dialog from the new movies are pretty bad. But that line sticks out.
Free Hawaii?! ... Runs to phone: Hello Japan? I have something you may want... yes that's right... All the sake.
Alex?
Not necessarily replying to you, but my comment (the parent comment your reply refers to) was deleted by the reddit staff for an unknown reason (was my post too controversial? I make a new account every time I post; did they think I was a bot?) so I'm posting it again:

&gt; Having the U.S. become balkanized (not necessarily by ethnicity obviously, but by cultural region) would contribute greatly to progress. Right now, many of the heavily right-wing states are anchor weights on the U.S. and prevent it from progressing as fast as it could, especially in terms of education, science, and technology. If the states were broken up and California, the Cascadia region, and many areas of New England became separate countries, the right-wing states would be forced to catch up.
[deleted]
Hah, that's anywhere.  I never strayed too far at the Pali lookout.
True. I've been to decent amount of states and tourist attractions and Hawaii has been the one that stood out in that regard.
well you could look at like this.  I'm sure they knew that politically their islands are part of the united states, but geographically they aren't in America. America  consists of the continents of North and South Am.  So when they wanted you to GTFO I'm pretty sure you knew what they meant.  Leave the island and fly your ass back to the continent.
Well we do have bases, that should be good enough for you.
&gt; Like that justifies bombing civilians with fighter planes and tanks.

I never said it was ... nice strawman

&gt; claiming that all the deaths are because Hamas used the civilians as human shields is amazingly naive.

I never claimed this ... I simple said that it accounted for the proportion

&gt; So which is it, how long the US has claimed hawaii or how it treats it's citizens thats important in making sovereignty claims?

First I never said it was the amount of time the US had sovereignty, but the amount of time in the past that the event occurred. When looking at the situation today, we must look at the brutality in Tibet sets it apart, not the time issue. If there was not a brutal treatment of Tibetans they would have no more claim to need sovereignty than Hawaii. 

 &gt; If instead you want to claim that Tibet deserves independence because china is brutal and the US is not to Hawaiians, then thats an apples to oranges comparison.

How so ... two formerly sovereign places. What sets them apart in there current desire for sovereignty is their treatment by the "new" government.
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt; When looking at the situation today, we must look at the brutality in Tibet sets it apart, not the time issue.

You're saying that the brutality committed today is use than the brutality committed against Hawaiians? I think there is only a handful of Tibetans killed in the recent riots, I'm confident that more than that were killed upon the initial US occupation of the Hawaiian islands.

&gt; How so ... two formerly sovereign places. 

If you're now comparing the initial US occupation a 100 years ago to the current occupation of Tibet, then it's a fair comparison. I thought your point was that we compared modern hawaii to modern tibet.

Kinda a dead horse at this point anyway.
[deleted]
&gt; You're saying that the brutality committed today is use than the brutality committed against Hawaiians? I think there is only a handful of Tibetans killed in the recent riots, I'm confident that more than that were killed upon the initial US occupation of the Hawaiian islands.

Man you are almost too dumb to argue with. 
 I'm comparing the brutality today in Tibet to the brutality today in Hawaii to explain why tibet should be sovereign (today) and Hawaii should no be (right now)

Tibetan religious leaders are tortured and people are murdered on the spot, that did not happen in Hawaii, in fact the US takeover was relatively peaceful. In the end they were able to vote to reject the US and they did not.

&gt; If you're now comparing the initial US occupation a 100 years ago to the current occupation of Tibet, then it's a fair comparison.

That's not what I'm doing ... I'm comparing the current occupation of both. if you RTFA you would know that the Hawaiian separatists feel that they are currently occupied. 

&gt; Kinda a dead horse at this point anyway.

Only because you can read well enough to understand. I imagine this is how you treat the Israel/ Palestinian crisis, so it's not surprising that you side with Hamas
Isn't that more or less the way tourists are treated anywhere where there are a lot of them?
&gt; I'm comparing the brutality today in Tibet to the brutality today in Hawaii to explain why tibet should be sovereign (today) and Hawaii should no be (right now)

And that is an apples and oranges comparison. It's a stupid argument to make.

Even making this stupid comparison, your conclusion is wrong. Hawaii is prosperous and has no sovereignty of its own. Therefore your conclusion should logically be that small nations do better when absorbed by larger nations.

&gt; Tibetan religious leaders are tortured and people are murdered on the spot, that did not happen in Hawaii, in fact the US takeover was relatively peaceful.

Now you're arguing the past versus the present. Make up your mind.

Besides that, your claim that "religious leaders are tortured and people are murdered on the spot" is propaganda. A handful of people died in recent protests, thats it.

&gt; if you RTFA you would know that the Hawaiian separatists feel that they are currently occupied.

They base this upon events going back hundreds of years. Today it's peaceful, but they claim that their sovereignty was stolen from them.

&gt; Only because you can read well enough to understand. I imagine this is how you treat the Israel/ Palestinian crisis, so it's not surprising that you side with Hamas

You keep flipping your arguments between past and present. I said that comparing the brutality of Hawaii today and Tibet today is an apples to oranges comparison. That is why a fairer comparison in terms of brutality in a modern occupation is judged by looking at Israel and their occupation of Palestinian lands. It's laughable that you can try to justify all the killing of hundreds of Palestinian civilians, but you are indignant about a few Tibetans that died in street riots. You're a hypocrite.
Pretty detailed explanation.
That vote was for change of status within the sovereignty of the US.  The protesters are arguing that the switch from the Hawaiian monarchy to the US (from one sovereignty to another) was invalid.
Perhaps I shouldn't have said "tourists". Specifically this coworker of mine wasn't a tourist, since he lived and worked there, yet he still received this segregated treatment. Apparently the Hawaiians really place a high value on family lineage and cultural identity. They do like the short period tourists, but if you live there for more than a vacation period, you're scorned a bit and treated indeed like a tourist might be in other places.

It's just what I was told and it's anecdotal, but I wanted to corroborate what khoury said.
China requires them to get permission to reincarnate...
&gt; Therefore your conclusion should logically be that small nations do better when absorbed by larger nations.

This entire explanation makes no sense. One data point doesn't prove anything ... I was making a very simple, concise and valid point that you are overcomplicating with ridiculous comments. 

&gt; Now you're arguing the past versus the present. Make up your mind.

That is happening in Tibet today and in the past. You were the one who said "'m confident that more than that were killed upon the initial US occupation of the Hawaiian islands." I was responding to that. 

&gt; Besides that, your claim that "religious leaders are tortured and people are murdered on the spot" is propaganda. 

The Penchen Lama has been tortured and been captive. Your ignorance to believing this is not my problem. 

One thing is clear ... the more needlessly violent the more likely you are to support them. 

 &gt; They base this upon events going back hundreds of years. Today it's peaceful, but they claim that their sovereignty was stolen from them.

so what's your fucking point?


Your ignorance has ended this conversation.
[deleted]
&gt; he Penchen Lama has been tortured and been captive.

One person! Yeah lets wrench away part of China because they have imprison one person. Get real.

&gt; One thing is clear ... the more needlessly violent the more likely you are to support them.

Like the recent killing of an AP reporter by an Israel tank....oh wait, they never killed the Penchen Lama, now did they.
Are you talking about the US overthrow inspired by Lorrin Thurston?
Well I think the overall point here is that Tibet and China seem to not be able to be in the same country. The US and the Hawaiian people have been able to live in harmony for several decades. But I think it works in the US because it is not made up of predominantly one type of people, it's a mix of races, culture, ethnic groups.
&gt; One person! Yeah lets wrench away part of China because they have imprison one person. Get real.

He's a religious leader ... what happened to that being propaganda?
This assumes that north and south California stay together.
What "invasion" are you talking about?  If you're talking about Kamehameha, he was a Hawaiian who united all the island under his rule.  Not exactly an invasion.
[deleted]
I was referring to the US/ European that limukala referenced:
&gt; country was invaded in the 19th century
Perhaps its because the Hawaiians aren't on mainland America, that we get along. Maybe if Tibet was on an island, the Chinese could tolerate.... [oh wait. ](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_China)


Anyways, I would dispute that America is "many cultures". I think we have a federalism of cultures, in that the [dominant culture](http://www.amazon.com/Who-Are-We-Challenges-Americas/dp/0684870541) is one other cultures adapt to, though we still have pockets of other cultures in homes and small areas.

If you think about it, most ethnicities pretty much assimilate into America.
[deleted]
Yeah, that will probably work as good as the argument against the income tax.
It is actually.  Check out the book **Overthrow: America's Century of Regime Change from Hawaii to Iraq**.
What's this WE bullshit?  I didn't do anything, you didn't do anything, no one involved in government today did anything.

Their ancestors took a vote, and a majority of the people living there, whether or not they came from Polynesia, Asia, or Europe (because everyone there originated from somewhere else), voted to join the US.  No one stole anything, no one was conned.  These protestors just want something to be pissed off about and to blame their problems on.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You are setting up a straw-man. Hawaiians want self-determination. I saw no mention of any sort of racial discrimination or apartheid. Pretty similar to Tibet. Pot, kettle.
Yeah, it's nothing like Tibet, because the way we grabbed Hawaii was soooo much more legit.
Yeah, just like what happened to the Philippines after they got independence. Oh. What? That DIDN'T happen?
There is no kettle talk here. My observation are first about reddit users and second about the Hawaiians. Race is a rather small part of my argument, the strength of which is that the Tibetans are being brutalized both physically and mentally while the Hawaiians are not. 
If you cannot see that the Tibetan situation is completely different, then it is because you do not want to see them differently. 

Nice use of buzz words though ... you stated I set up a strawman and called me a hypocrit without anything to back it up ... that's good debating.
We have a founding document that would say whether, in fact, it is impossible to leave the union. And that statement is... where? Or maybe there is a law... where?

The states made the union. Can they not unmake it?
What are you talking about - ... oh, is that sarcasm?
Yes. So did Latvia. But WE never manipulate elections.
And it still is invalid.
Why? If a state no longer wants to be part of a corrupt empire, let them go.
Quick! Better make the Canal Zone a state!
Yeah, they voted for statehood in 1959. Times have changed a bit don't ya think?
How is it that almost everyone on reddit has gotten this story wrong. They don't want seperate state or rebellion they want the native rights that all native americans have. They are the only native people without rights even though mnative people have rights in 49 out of the 50 states.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akaka_Bill Its a bill that been ignored by the bush administration for the last eight years. They don't want a new state they just want the rights that native people like the indians in other states have, like land and federal recognition.
I took it to mean that (as someone else said), every square inch of territory on earth has belonged to several groups over the course of history, and trying to turn back the clock to any particular point is arbitrary.
As a New Yorker, I am very much in favor of Californian independence.  :P
The protesters don't recognize Hawaii as a US State. . . neither do half of our schoolchildren.
That's because the Philippines allowed the US to keep several strategic military bases there in exchange for increasing its independence. This has kept the Philippines pretty well defended, with the exception of just after WWII when the US moved its fleet out after the bombing of Pearl Harbor. When that occurred, Japan promptly invaded the Philippines.

If you spend any time on the website of this Hawaiian Kingdom group, you know their #1 beef is the military installations. They want the US military out, and that would leave Hawaii virtually undefended.
That's why I sympathize with Yoda.  Yoda tries desperately to save two out of the three prequels with *sheer epic awesome*, but even he cannot prevail against the terrible script, so he has to go into exile until a better director comes along to do *The Empire Strikes Back*.

At least that's how I interpreted it.
Michelle Malkin says "hell yes" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_Defense_of_Internment
**KAMEHAMEHAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!**
Many people feel that it's likely that the U.S. is in for serious trouble economically.  If this is true, and if Obama doesn't get elected or if he's unable to turn things around, I consider it practical that in 10 years--if we cannot correct our current course,  we may actually need some semblance of a military dictatorship in order to hang on.  Not because I want one, but I think there's enough fed-up people around on all sides.  And if and when that happens, no matter who's in charge, you're going to see some desperate people do some desperate things in the name of preserving the union.  And maybe simply from the singular standpoint of keeping all of our nukes under one hat, I think there's value in a little bit of that.
&gt; the Tibetans are being brutalized both physically and mentally while the Hawaiians are not.

Only those that are breaking the law are being imprisoned. I'm pretty sure Hawaii locks up it's criminals as well.

Law-abiding Tibetan citizens are doing just fine thank you.
[deleted]
If they repeated the vote today, it would still pass by a wide margin. Hawaii has done better economically under the US than it could have ever dreamed independently.
Let's let them all go from the Carolinas to Mississippi; I'm sure they're being subsidized by the blue states.  And, we can sell Texas back to Mexico for a few pesos while  we're at it.
Besides, the shipping charges are outrageous.
Ahh, so we're just coming from a different perspective here, I see.  Good point.
Actually, they know exactly where they are and are unwilling to accept the overthrow of the Hawaiian island nation by America.  You might be interested to know that President Cleveland considered the overthrow to be [wrong](http://www.hawaii-nation.org/cleveland.html) and that Congress has formally [apologized](http://www.hawaii-nation.org/publawsum.html) by joint resolution for taking over.  When Hawaiian kids use the word "America" they know exactly where they are and they are neither ignorant of history nor "stupid" as you suggest.
I think it's interesting that the discussion on this issue on honoluluadvertiser.com is (way) more centered on the racial undertones of the protest than it is on reddit, which is mostly filled with ignorant remarks and some discussion on the legitimacy and precedence of the vote for Hawaii to become a state and the events that lead up to it.
&gt; No one stole anything, no one was conned.

In the 1898 Newlands Resolution, Congress unilaterally annexed Hawaii.

The vote you refer to changed the status from territory to state.  Was there an option for independence?
&gt; Where would you get water without your neighbors?

From all the money they save, given that CA sends more to Washington than it gets back?
I disagree with your assessment, but nice points none-the-less.
“By the logic used here we should spend the rest of our time on the earth going back as far as possible rather than letting settled issues be settled.”

That’s precisely the point.  The fact that the entire world’s history has been repeatedly destroyed and indigenous peoples wiped out or relocated by various empires, means that undoing that harm and injustice is *exactly* what we should be doing with our time on Earth.  These global issues are only “settled” in the mind of those who have benefited from generations of slavery and conquest, and as you can plainly see, the people aren’t accepting it anymore.

The true history of this planet and the crimes that have been committed are continuously coming to light, and people around the world want their land, resources, and lives back that have been stolen by empire and global corp.  We’re only going to see more and more of this, as more and more people understand that reality.

[Noxid](http://billnoxid.wordpress.com/)
"Their ancestors took a vote, and a majority of the people living there, whether or not they came from Polynesia, Asia, or Europe (because everyone there originated from somewhere else), voted to join the US."
That's not true, a coup gov't basically made up of US investors gained control with help from the US military excluded the majority of natives from voting. We (ok sorry the U.S.) past a law a few years back apologizing for it. Something along the lines of, "Sorry about that. Life sucks." =) I wouldn't change the status quo but I wouldn't deny what happened either.
I don't have time to explain the vast ridiculousness of what you believe should be done, but I will give a short list:

1. A person is not responsible for the crimes of their parents. What you would like to do, would punish the people who are the beneficiaries and they would lose there land in the same manner as the people you are trying to protect

2. People will fight for their land in the same manner as those before. It would be a constant and never ending war

3. We have no way of knowing what really happened in the past. One side says one thing, the other says the opposite and we will never know


I would say your ideas are idealistic, but usual an idealism comes with a goal which is positive. You suggest a violent process to leave a whole new generation of people who were kicked out of their homes. In the end, the only way anyone would settle it would be to ethnically cleanse them, so there was no one left to claim the territory.
Well, calling reality “ridiculous” effectively puts an end to our conversation, but NEVER am I suggesting violence. I’m not foolish enough to ignore the perpetual violence perpetrated on the people by the “land owners” however, and just because one’s “parents” are responsible for creating an unjust system does not mean we children are not responsible for recognizing and rectifying it.

The fact that “history” was intentionally destroyed so that you could use that as an excuse is not “sufficient” either.  As hard as our parents may have tried, you cannot destroy the truth.  It just takes a little more effort to look for it.
Once again you ignore my points about why rectifying what you see as the problem is impossible and dangerous.

Summary:
I can back that up.
I just don't want to.
That's not what I'm doing ...
Tibet should be "free" and so should Hawaii because of this.
Yes I live in Hawaii.
The situations are not the same.
The point is: no one is being oppressed in Hawaii.
The protesters don't recognize Hawaii as a US State.
The police in the US do the same thing.
The states made the union.
&gt; Israel doesn't even claim sovereignty over gaza like China does over Tibet and the US does over Hawaii

If thats how you want to put it.
I never said it was a part of the Union for a century, I said it has been occupied by the US for over a century.
Israel doesn't even claim sovereignty over gaza like China does over Tibet and the US does over Hawaii, which was the point of discussion here.
That is why in terms of brutality hawaii and tibet are not comparable.
The people of Hawaii voted 17 to 1 to become a state.
If Tibet wants to practice their culture they can as well.
I don't believe that most of the people who voted were actually natives.
Some in Hawaii want to be independent and a few in Tibet do as well.
Thing is if the people want to, what right do you have hold it now?
If there was not a brutal treatment of Tibetans they would have no more claim to need sovereignty than Hawaii.
There are vast differences between Hawaii and Tibet.
I'm not sure I understand where you're coming from.
I know very few full Hawaiians.
You're making a case against China because of brutality claims.
&gt; Read and learn about tibet.
And Tibet was occupied for over a century.
&gt; If instead you want to claim that Tibet deserves independence because china is brutal and the US is not to Hawaiians, then thats an apples to oranges comparison.
well you could look at like this.
Thats like saying that the Tibet problems are caused by people on both sides.
But actually, you do make a good point.
That is happening in Tibet today and in the past.
The States are in rebellion!
&gt; You're saying that the brutality committed today is use than the brutality committed against Hawaiians?
&gt; I stated "The Gaza situation was created through mistakes made on both sides."
If instead you want to claim that Tibet deserves independence because china is brutal and the US is not to Hawaiians, then thats an apples to oranges comparison.
You're saying that the brutality committed today is use than the brutality committed against Hawaiians?
Your original point was that Hawaii is a closed issue.
I thought your point was that we compared modern hawaii to modern tibet.
Well I think the overall point here is that Tibet and China seem to not be able to be in the same country.
I don't think Hawaii joined up willingly.
So, using your logic, we should go back before then.
Even a marine knows that there are people who are better.
I admit that I'm not completely in the know about the Tibet situation.
The biggest difference between Tibet and Hawaii, however, has little to do with that.
If the Hawaiian natives are being abused and having there rights injured at the hands of some oppressive US government (Like the tibetans are) then there is a point.
Lets do an apples to apples comparison.
&gt; The important part though is the number of deaths is much greater in Gaza than in Tibet.
I was responding to that.
no it's not ... it's nothing like that at all.
I think what the protesters want is for the Monks and religious leaders to have a greater part in the government.
I think we've had it out a few times.
&gt; I suppose the biggest issue most people see with the protesting and rioting is the treatment of Tibetans.
The situations are quite different.
I would be willing to bet that more deaths occurred in the US due to police brutality than protesters were killed in Tibet.
Yeah, Don't get me wrong.
Read and learn about tibet.
It just makes way more sense that way.
Thank goodness I live in California.
I don't think that is relevant, Hawaii was occupied by one entity for 100 years.
Theres a difference and you know it.
Hawaii asked to be part of the Union for economic reasons.
The Natives are allowed to be violent and annex each other because *it's their culture*.
&gt; saying (quite clearly) that hawaii and tibet were not in the same situation because Hawaiians aren't treated brutally and that the comparison is week.
So the point I see in all these comparisons is to put everything into perspective.
The important part though is the number of deaths is much greater in Gaza than in Tibet.
Well we do have bases, that should be good enough for you.
The two of you might be talking about different Hawaiis.
The US kills more with police brutality than China beheads people in summary executions.
So yes, comparing Hawaii to Tibet from a perspective of violence is ridiculous.
Native Hawaiians are treated as equals and voted in the election which made them a state.
It's like if 100 people moved into your house and then had a vote if you should get to keep it or not.
I'm comparing the current occupation of both.
&gt; They base this upon events going back hundreds of years.
I didn't do anything, you didn't do anything, no one involved in government today did anything.
The Union pretty much owns it now.
They want the US military out, and that would leave Hawaii virtually undefended.
I suppose the biggest issue most people see with the protesting and rioting is the treatment of Tibetans.
If you cannot see that the Tibetan situation is completely different, then it is because you do not want to see them differently.
It's a stupid argument to make.
Nice parallel, but I think you were trying to argue the opposite.
I guess the ultimate point is that you can't be mad about China and Tibet and not about Hawaii.
I said that comparing the brutality of Hawaii today and Tibet today is an apples to oranges comparison.
&gt; Also, last I checked, the US government wasn't summarily executing anyone in Hawaii.
You were the one who said "'m confident that more than that were killed upon the initial US occupation of the Hawaiian islands."
saying (quite clearly) that hawaii and tibet were not in the same situation because Hawaiians aren't treated brutally and that the comparison is week.
It was comparable (or larger) in scale to any Tibet protest.
China has claimed sovereignty over Tibet long enough and equals the claims that the US has over Hawaii.
Realistically though we would just make deals with the other states.
So if you claim that its a matter of time, then Tibet as been occupied long enough, just like Hawaii and neither of them deserve independence.
I didn't blame everyone but Israel.
We can stop using reddit any time we want.
Hawaii isn't a brutalized state, but the Gaza strip is.
I guess I just wanted to point out that there are some important differences too.
&gt;The police in the US do the same thing.
Are you saying my argument is the pot calling the kettle black, or that the US governments is the pot calling the kettle black?
If native Hawaiians want to practice their culture there *they may do so with impunity*.
If you could read you would see my original post explicitly separated Tibet and Hawaii.
I don't think it is difficult at all to argue against there position.
Oh yeah, I remember you.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.28
