Original Response:
[deleted]
that has not a damn thing to do with culture - it is about control
They say it's part of their culture; why don't you believe them?
But since about 600 AD they have developed mental sterility.
The Shiara rules doesn't it ? and all psychopaths that believe they are the enforcers of any GODS will.. I don't like your Barbie, I KEEELL you..
ow vey.. Have a samich
That culture is shit.
Can such lack of civilization, such savage behaviour, be called culture? Or is there a more appropriate term for it, such as barbarism, for instance?
BELIEVE THEM INFIDEL!
DATS HOW I ROLLL
Islam. Nuke mecca pls.
If their wives would just ask for permission before they go to the bazaar, there wouldn't be any issues.. but nooooo, they just *HAVE* to go *without* asking for permission; don't they understand their culture?
this is bullshit, she ripped her life story from 'A Thousand Splendid Suns'.
Here we go again Redditors! Let's hear that old cultural relativist, religious tolerance argument: It's not their fault. It's our fault. The big bad American government and the selfish American consumer is the reason these people live in the f$%&amp;ing dark ages. Nearly every islamic government has laws like this, but, somehow most Musims don't believe  this shit. Right?...Right?
Even though the CIA did fund and help create the Taliban, the only way a man can beat an infant to death; and have a clear conscience, is if he believes that "god" said it was the right thing to do.
I swear...every time I hear some out-of-touch idiot babble that all cultures and people-groups are equal I want to throw them in the Missouri.
I'm replying to you moriquendo because I opened the comments thread and had to immediately down-mod every single (11!) other comment in this thread because they seem to have been written by inbred Digg rejects.

It's a tremendous shame that there is only one reasonable comment (yours) to a sad and relevant story.

**FOCUS:** Stories like this is why the idea of bringing "democracy" to a country like Afghanistan is downright ridiculous.  Change has to come from within, and it must be painful but it can't be forced upon such a civilization from any meddlesome outside force, even if it does have moral superiority.
. . . except no one's actually making that argument.
Sounds like the drunk guy who always makes a big fuss at the local pub. Certainly, to take these comments out of context is really absurd. I'm sure his remarks are as abhorrent to Afghans as they are to our ears.
There were two extreme cases from Austria. So do you blatantly make an assumption about the west. How many cases like that are still in captive without the whole world knowing in th west. I call that barbarism or savage behavior.
Then so is the west. Because just now I read an article about a white guy fathering seven kids in the cellar while holding them captive for 24 years. Oh, and I read that news in the bazaar, when I let my wife go and buy that newspaper from there.
So would you believe it is part of western culture having seven kids with their daughters while holding them captive in the cellar for 24 years?
Well, it's only been a few decades since women in the western world have the right to vote. A few centuries ago, they weren't supposed to have a soul. While these comments look very barbar to us right now, we can't expect that things will change overnight just because we do not like them, or because we want them to change. "We" went a long way since 12th century, and "they" have a long way to go, but insult and despise are never the solution. Saying "that culture is shit" is not going to make things better. 

Furthermore, don't encompass everyone under the same definition of culture. What if a website from another even more morally superior civilization (I don't know, aliens..) ran a story with something like : In America today, people say "Death to fags. Fags are an abomination because god said so." ? Would you call that culture shit ? Seriously, you can't even take the moral high ground if you haven't been there or at least heard the two sides of the story (I recommend watching *Persepolis*, very nice movie). You can't take the moral high ground if you haven't done *anything* to prevent an useless war or to stop it. 
"Islamic" culture isn't defined by what that guy says, but by what people do; just as "american" culture isn't defined by what the US government does, but by what american people do.
And where was the bit where the Austrian claimed it was part of his culture?

Idiot.
lol, you've posted this 3 times already to various replies.

Here's the difference, once they found that nutcase in Austria they arrested him. Honor killings are accepted in some of these countries.

So downmod for you.
Stupid whores, stay in the kitchen.
Downvoted because this site is running scripts from 11 different domains!

rawstory.com mochila.com blogads.com digg.com reddit.com contextweb.com fark.com haloscan.com doubleclick.net googlesyndication.com sitemeter.com
Wonderful idea, we'll get right onto that as soon as we finish exposing your family to high amounts of radiation melting the skin right off their bodies you sick fuck.
Wait, women have souls? When was this proven. I need some case studies ;)
Fuck you people who's first response to something like this is to act like there's nothing wrong because other bad things have happened in western society.  Fuck you and your relativism.  I don't see anyone defending cellar guy, but your tacit support of this barbarism is sickening.  For shame.
Change can definitely come from outside just not by those who do not have the stomach and or inclination to lop the heads off of 1 out of every 10 males and line the roads with their heads.
Just like you pick and choose news stories from muslim countries, you cannot pick and choose what is part of our culture.
&gt;I read that news in the bazaar, when I let my wife go and buy that newspaper from there.

Perhaps it's just a poor choice of words on your part, but why should you need to "let" your wife go to the bazaar?  Did she have to ask for permission or something?
Come on, dude. Cut her some slack.
I quote Robert Plant: "Soul of a woman was created below."
Which would explain why you don't have a wife.  Or a girlfriend.  Or a boyfriend.
Not even the incestful-racist thought it was part of the culture - that's why he hid his victims in the basement, dummy.  If it was part of the culture, he would've paraded them around on his incest-rape wagon.
Eh?

The Afghan man is claiming that such inexcusable behaviour is culturally-accepted. Nobody, not even the Austrian man himself, thinks or claims   his behaviour is accepted in his culture.

What on earth's *wrong* with you?
&gt;I'm sure his remarks are as abhorrent to Afghans as they are to our ears.

Considering that the article talks about a women who was kidnapped, raped, and watched as her son was beaten to death, only to be (*legally*) jailed for running away from home and adultery, I suspect that there would be less outrage at such a statement than you think.
For many societies, democracy is a terrible idea.  Iraq was better off under a dictator, a savage place like Afghanistan would be too.  At least if there's a dictator that person can be reasoned with, you can't reason with anarchy.
I wish I could downmod you more than once.
I was trying to say i would be happy if my wife didn't go out partying all night and actually came home at night. Maybe i should hire this guy to keep her in line
585AD.  Everything went downhill from there...
Whoooosh
Terms like *savage* are ethnocentric, and you use *civilization* inappropriately. *Civilization* means *citified*, therefore, any city, big or small, is civilized. I'm not condoning such behaviour but from an ethnocentric viewpoint other cultures will never be understood. For example, the mutilation of females' genitals in Turkey may be viewed as 'barbaric' by some but there are cultural reasons for why this is done. Only through relativism can these practices that are so different from our own be understood.
Obviously not. Culture is never individual; it is shared.
That was not the point. My point was do you associate that incest case to western culture or to one fucked up guy? How do you what majority of Afghan culture thinks based on one news story?
"You say that it is your custom to burn widows. Very well. We also have a custom: when men burn a woman alive, we tie a rope around their necks and we hang them. Build your funeral pyre; beside it, my carpenters will build a gallows. You may follow your custom. And then we will follow ours"

General Napier on suttee.
[deleted]
Someone should kill them.
But does understanding a practice rule out deeming it savage? A lack of understanding isn't the only context in which disapproval of cultural practices take place (and female genital mutilation is heavily criticized within cultures that practice it, even).
My thoughts exactly. Barbarism is not culture. It might be considered a custom, however.
[deleted]
&gt;Change has to come from within

You assume that progress is inevitable. It isn't.
Yes. It should rule out deeming it savage. That term implies inferiority and that is why it is wrong to make such a claim. The practices of any other culture are equally valid to our own. However, it is not wrong to classify the culture as violent, oppressive and gender biased. These terms are objective unlike the very subjective term savage.
lol, trolled
[deleted]
Exactly. Let's invade their country and kill them all because some of them are barbaric.
OH WOW

The differnce is that FLDS and churches like it are viewed as deviants and not the norm in Western society.
You assume that such a thing as progress exists. It doesn't.
"democracy" cannot be brought to a country by a country which calls itself a democracy, but which isn't one, and also has the death penalty.
Yeah, this is new to me too.
Afghanistan is like europe was during the dark ages. It's a mess. The soviets bombed their civilization back the dinosaurs in the 1980s. The usa conquered them recently. They haven't invested in building a political system, or modernizing their cities over there. In that kind of world, crassness is expressed differently. This article, like most usa journalism is extremely slimy. It is not designed to inform, but rather to exaggerate.
I really don't think so.  I've read several autobiographies of women who've luckily been able to escape from situations like these, whose families planned to kill them because they 'shamed' them in some way.  One woman had sex with someone before she was married, and her uncle poured gasoline on her and set her on fire, due to the 'shame' she brought the family.  She only survived because a European woman went to the hospital and took her back to Europe.  She's completely deformed now.  Countless other women haven't been as lucky.
Deeming a culture violent, oppressive, and gender-biased also implies inferiority if you're in a culture that values the opposite.  Humans have a subjective experience, trying to strip off all human subjectivity in discourse gets you nowhere.  It is a given that people have their own frames of reference. 

Also, people deem acts as "savage" within their own culture.
That's exactly what npinguy is saying. You can't force a country into democracy.
Fucking hell, this is dumb
Yes, they are. Look up the page.
Fucking Liberals.
You said that change has to come from within, implying that there is some form of change that you would like to see come about. If that's not what you meant, then I wonder what you did mean.

Also, change has come from without to many societies, as history shows us. If you want to say that changing societies from outside is immoral, then fine, but it seems clear to me that the world will be shaped by those who actively work to shape it, and if it isn't the West, it will be someone else (the more barbaric societies).
Maybe we should ask the women whose genitals are mutilated?  Or, maybe ask the women who are about to be killed for doing...basically anything their husband doesn't approve of?  I wonder if they think it's ok?
You've watched sensationalistic usa news reports a bit too much, I think.

[Here's a list of sensibly written articles about afghanistan](http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;client=opera&amp;rls=en&amp;q=site%3Acbc.ca+afghanistan&amp;btnG=Search).
We have to kill all of these people.
Wrong. With that outlook, any other culture could view our culture is being inferior because our practices don't meet or fit with their cultural norms. In that way, every culture is inferior to every other culture and simultaneously every culture is superior to every other culture, depending on the the perspective. This is why relativism is necessary; it gives an objective way of analyzing and critiquing.
The problem is that "savage" is such a loaded word and has been used to describe cultures that a merely different. Like say the women don't wear shirts/bras or something. A long time ago that was, perhaps, a big deal from a European perspective, but now we see that it is trivial in terms of morality.
Well said. But whatever, we live in a mad, decadent and dying civilisation, what can you do.
No, but you can bring Western civilisation to an undemocratic country and later, when Westernised enough, it may become suitable for democracy. Think Hong Kong and Japan (although Beijing is causing some regreesion in the case of the former).
It doesn't matter, he's a relativist. He doesn't care.
&gt; Stories like this is why the idea of bringing "democracy" to a country like Afghanistan is downright ridiculous. Change has to come from within

Absolutely. Iraq is just the same; even moreso maybe. Saddam Hussein ruled with an iron fist, but that is a necessity in such a factionalized country as Iraq. Now the situation in Iraq is even worse in many ways than life was under Saddam. By many estimates, casualties caused by the US invasion over the last 5 yeras now outnumber the deaths that Saddam inflicted on his own people. And who knows if the situation is going to get much better anytime in the next... decade?

Government must be a reflection of the society in which it functions. When, as in the case of Afghanistan, there is such total disrespect for the equality of women, you can try as hard as you want to implement a government that operates on principles of equality, but that will do nothing. When, as in the case of Iraq, you try to paint a democratic government based on peaceful negotiation and equal rights over a society with such divisive sectarian loyalties... what you get is what we have now. And it's not too pretty.
The only reason the US wants to bring "democracy" to a god forsaken place like Afghanistan is so the can bulid a pipeline across it otherwise the would not give a S*&amp;T!
No, that is the entire point, you can't just arrive in a country and change them from a tribal society into a model Western democracy. That is ridiculous, so many things must change - the very basis of the society must move from one based upon family ties to one based upon individual aspirations. To do that requires the breaking up of family ties as being the fundamental underpinning of the society into a society based upon individuality. That is a **massive** change, and - most importantly -  one that members of that society would see as being a change for the worse. Because wouldn't you rather live in a society where many other people were looking out for you and had your interests at heart, rather than you being an individual cast adrift?
Actually, according to TFA, the guy who said that was supposedly "The chief prosecutor of eastern Nangarhar province who oversaw Rukhma's case". Unfortunately, not just the drunk guy making a big fuss at the local pub.
...No, actually, npinguy said those things... 

By my comment I was just pointing out the ethnocentrism in the term *progress* that you used. You're not the only one; many other people here have used terms such as *barbaric*, *savage*, *civilized* and so on. These terms are subjective and imply cultural superiority/inferiority. For critical analysis, relativism and the accompanying objective terms are necessary.
Given that they live in the stone age in Afghanistan, he could be both the drunk in the pub, and the chief prosecutor for the province.
please share
&gt;That term implies inferiority and that is why it is wrong to make such a claim.

Because the practice *is* inferior. You dimwit, it's murder - and it doesn't become okay once you leave the area code. And the condemnation of murder is not ethnocentric, although you can't grasp the nuances of that because you're a relativist - i.e. you've barricaded yourself against reasoned criticism.

&gt;The practices of any other culture are equally valid to our own. 

The only *possible* way that the morally relevant practices of every culture could be equally valid would be if they were all exactly the same. But they are not all the same. So they are not all equally valid.
oldno7brand said that it is not wrong to describe them as "violent, oppressive and gender biased." Only the word "savage" shouldn't be used because it implies inferiority.
You assume that the Iraqis would see it as progress. They wouldn't.
&gt;That term implies inferiority and that is why it is wrong to make such a claim.

Why is it wrong? We can accept that the term is loaded and subjective, acknowledge our subjectivity, and then carry on using it.
Sad thing is i know :(
Relativists practice participant observation. In other words, relativists submerge themselves into the cultures that they study, instead of judging a culture from afar. In this way, and only in this way, can a culture be properly understood. I haven't travelled to Afghanistan or to Turkey but I have read reports from Sociocultural Anthropologists who have. These people do survey the people living in the region, including the women who are subjected to the treatment that is viewed as immoral by so many. The women are submerged in the culture as much as the men are. They might not enjoy the treatment but they certainly understand the reason for it and many view it as a necessary.
I disagree - lasting change always comes from within. Sure external forces can try to impose their idea of how to live upon a people - look at Communism in Tibet or Eastern Europe - but if the ideals that are being impressed upon a people are antithetical to their nature they will be rejected and will ultimately fail.
Nothing about being a "relativist" precludes one for making judgements such as saying that a practices is violent, oppressive, or gender biases. The problem is specifically with the use of loaded words like "savage."
Hell, I want to know when it was proven that *men* have souls.
so you say that all cultures are equal?  Well it is my culture to kill certain kinds of people.  You fit into one of those categories.  I only don't kill you because I fear the government, oh and the fact that I can't kill you through reddit.  So according to you, is my culture equally valid with yours?  Should you let me kill you?
You assume that there are two choices: 1) imposing democracy on a country; and 2) doing nothing. What about 3) bringing Western civilisation to a country, and then democratising said country once civilised, in our fashion?
&gt; Deeming a culture violent, oppressive, and gender-biased also implies inferiority if you're in a culture that values the opposite.

Perhaps if you're talking about the culture as a whole rather then the individual  pracices, but otherwise it is just a statement of fact. Whether or not you value violence does not change the fact that it is violence.
Cultural relativism is an intellectually bankrupt philosophy.  Some things are universally right and some things are universally wrong.
So your ethics are "might makes right."  Nice.  Asshole.
either curse or think of a better word to use.
You can behave like this in a democracy. Hell we had slavery and worse in what we called the great democracy.

Their culture has broken bits in it. Tribalism generally blows. It tends to create absolute, semi-arbitrary rules, that aren't always based on reason or sanity. They need like 100+ years and like some kind of real economy so they can build a real society, instead of this dark age bull-shit.

It's also a bit of a red-state effect too though, where the rural groups resent the urbanites for looking down on them as uncivilized, and end up acting less civilized and clinging to their customs even stronger to unify them.

In the meantime put some federal (afghani) magistrates nearby and every time something like this happens hang the fuckers. Yeah they'll get pissed off, but keep it up and trust me, they'll get the message. It's what the British did in a bunch of places, and I haven't seen an Indian widow thrown on a funeral pyre lately, though I have heard of some other bad things from there.
Muslim Berbers and Persians disagree with you.

EDIT: Also, barring WW3, Tibet will be remade in Beijing's image in the next few decades.
Iraqis are in a pre-feudal culture.  The US government doesn't say it directly but the basic policy is to locally feudalize Iraq.  It isn't intentional either; the army is a feudal organization and the people in it think in a feudal manner and they are just trying to push it on the Iraqis, which is sort of what they need.  However it needs to be done at a higher level.  The top governing body should be a council of Sheiks (each with many levels of Sheiks down to the local level, they already have this system in place but it isn't official) kept in check by a pro-US senior military officer.
&gt; Afghanistan is like europe was during the dark ages. It's a mess.

No, it is just *different*. Tribalism is anathema to Westerners, even though to people who live under tribalism it seems much more civilised. You know who to give you allegiance to, and you know that they will protect you regardless. It is, at the bottom, about family ties, and is much closer to the natural order of society than we have in the West, where we invent our family loyalties (Republican or Democrat; Packers or Raiders)with no regard to our DNA.
Pakistan is,  however, rather modern. And this is happening there too.
&gt;Nothing about being a "relativist" precludes one for making judgements such as saying that a practices is violent, oppressive, or gender biases.

I didn't say that that he doesn't *know* that the practice of killing one's wife for going shopping is violent, oppressive, and gender biased.

I said he didn't care.

I object to the notion that I can't use a word like savage. Because certain things *are* savage - like the convergence of violence and gender oppression. And I'm speaking from intellectual certainty, not from some pitted ethnocentric psychology - because I can easily justify my condescending judgment of the practice. He cannot easily justify relativism.
Well, that's a more sensible bit of context, indeed. 

I apologize for my illustration... but it's really important that these folks at reddit not be gullible when some slimy ap reporter talks about things as a manner of exaggeration. They have to understand that these events in the article are not set against the backdrop of detroit or chicago. They are set against a very different physical and social landscape - where people are poor as dirt, and suffering daily. In that kind of situation men are suffering as much as women are. Because the author of the article is a woman, she chose to turn a blind eye to the male suffering... and to the larger contexts which are involved. Instead, she imposed her own personal narrative of how these wicked men are making all the women suffer.
You assume that such changes are always made in a Cheney/Rumsfeld "Year Zero" style. My Hong Kong example is a quite good one. Once more than two generations had been educated along Western lines (and yes, once it became clear that the territory would revert to Beijing, which often seen as hypocritical, but that is another discussion), fully representative parliamentary government was introduced.
[News from Pakistan](http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;client=opera&amp;rls=en&amp;as_q=+pakistan&amp;as_epq=&amp;as_oq=&amp;as_eq=&amp;num=10&amp;lr=&amp;as_filetype=&amp;ft=i&amp;as_sitesearch=cbc.ca&amp;as_qdr=all&amp;as_rights=&amp;as_occt=any&amp;cr=&amp;as_nlo=&amp;as_nhi=&amp;safe=images). Pakistan is a vibrant society. It is not described by your stereotype of what it is.
sav·age     Audio Help   /ˈsævɪdʒ/ Pronunciation Key - Show Spelled Pronunciation[sav-ij] Pronunciation Key - Show IPA Pronunciation adjective, noun, verb, -aged, -ag·ing.
–adjective
1.	fierce, ferocious, or cruel; untamed: savage beasts.
2.	uncivilized; barbarous: savage tribes.
3.	enraged or furiously angry, as a person.
4.	unpolished; rude: savage manners.
5.	wild or rugged, as country or scenery: savage wilderness.
6.	Archaic. uncultivated; growing wild.
–noun
7.	an uncivilized human being.
8.	a fierce, brutal, or cruel person.
9.	a rude, boorish person.
10.	a member of a preliterate society.
–verb (used with object)
11.	to assault and maul by biting, rending, goring, etc.; tear at or mutilate: numerous sheep savaged by dogs.
12.	to attack or criticize thoroughly or remorselessly; excoriate: a play savaged by the critics.

Yep, this pretty much fits the definition.
I would say the word describes redditors more accurately than it does the people who they hate.
"Democracy" is these days commonly but erronously used in place of "Republic". I know it's incorrect, but it's widely used enough now that your objection is more of a quibble.

EDIT: What does the death penalty relate directly to arguments concerning democratisation? Explain.
You don't understand what culture is. Culture is never individual; it is shared. Your individual beliefs, because they are not shared by a large group nor rooted in reason, make you crazy, not culturally relevant.
&gt;The practices of any other culture are equally valid to our own. However, it is not wrong to classify the culture as violent, oppressive and gender biased.

You were talking about the culture as a whole.
So then you believe that genital mutilation is universally wrong? What about circumcision of male infants in the Western world? Is this not wrong? Is it based on religious and other beliefs specific to the region? There are no universal rights and wrongs.
But then cultural barbarianism can exist regardless of the government that rules it.  It's not about democracy.  People like this guy could vote for their leader and still be evil.
It's culture, but the spread rate is .15; far below that of the TEC or Advent.
Selfishly, I admit, what scares me the most about this is that if nothing changes, Western culture may be supplanted by this kind of world.
Well, this is reddit so "somehow" the Israelis are tied to this somehow. Religion of peace...okay.
[deleted]
Absolutely, you see it right. Afghanistan has been invaded *yet again*, and again it is not for anything that the ordinary Afghans have done, and again they will defend their country like the fighters that they have been brought up to be. 

This is the fourth time in the last 150 years that Britian has invaded Afghanistan, and the Afghans won the last three times. They repulsed the might of the Soviets. I have no doubt that they will win again.

The Afghan history is one of tremendous suffering at the hands of foreign invaders, but that suffering they have thrown off time and time again. Let them develop on their own, because right now they are a basket case - not for any innate reasons of Afghan society, but because they have been seen to be an easy target, which they aren't. 

Afghanistan is the Switzerland of the Middle East in many ways - a tremenously proud society with their own traditions, and able to use the terrain to defend themselves. They should take up banking.
The Golden Horde had more culture than this.
The funny thing is, neurad, that this world you speak of only exists in the imagination of people in the usa.  The article is a very emotionally written one, which does not fairly put things into context. There are tragic things happening in Afghanistan... but without seeing the whole picture, you wouldn't understand the causes or the ramifications. And certainly this article does not describe Afghanistan itself, by any honest measure of journalistic accuracy.
[deleted]
banking... now there's an idea ;-o
Saddam raped, tortured and murdered people for entertainment. I'm sure that people thought of him as a pretty reasonable guy.
That wasn't me. But still, even talking about a culture as a whole, you might be able to classify it as generally "violent." Though it would be unfair to the individuals who aren't violent. Either way, it isn't necssarily a judgement of inferiority. Some people might take pride in their violence. *shrug*
'culture' is always the excuse.

Murder is always a crime.
Look up the "J curve".
Or opium clocks...
Sure, painting a broad brush is unfair. But dont you see how ridiculous your relativism is? Dont you ponder the thought perhaps islamic culture can actually be quite barbaric, even by western standards?
I wasn't as clear as I should've.

I didn't mean "Change has to come from within" as "Change invariably will come from within because progress is inevitable".

I meant it as "If change is to ever come, it has to come from within, it cannot come from outside"
yeah that's not culture, moral relativistics aside.  thats barbarity.
&gt; I said he didn't care.

How do you know? Are you just assuming based on what you think that relativism must necessarily lead to? Lack of caring? 

&gt; I object to the notion that I can't use a word like savage. Because certain things are savage - like the convergence of violence and gender oppression. And I'm speaking from intellectual certainty, not from some pitted ethnocentric psychology - because I can easily justify my condescending judgment of the practice. He cannot easily justify relativism.

Relativism doesn't really need to be justified. It is a given. There's simply no objective way to say that one practice is absolutely correct or another is absolutely wrong. You can logically conclude it and perhaps make a good argument, but ultimately even logic is only as sound as the assumptions and values it is based on. The best you can hope for is that the person you are arguing with shares at least some of your basic assumptions and values. Otherwise you're both going to come to valid, but opposing, conclusions.
Then my culture is superior.
&gt; they weren't supposed to have a soul

Are you talking about *the Council of Macon*? The decree from that council doesn't actually mention the word 'woman' or 'soul'. Mostly it seems to concern itself with boring churchy stuff - whether, for example, the widow of a subdeacon can marry (she cannot). There's no assertion that women don't have souls. There's an account by *Gregory of Tours* of a council which may or may not be the Council of Macon. He says that the issue was raised at this council:

&gt; There came forward at this council a certain bishop who maintained that woman could not be included under the term `man'. However, he accepted the reason­ing of the other bishops and did not press his case: for the holy book of the Old Testament tells us that in the beginning, when God created man, `Male and female he created them, and called their name Adam', which means earthly man; even so He called the woman Eve, yet of both he used the word `man'. Similarly, our Lord Jesus Christ is called the Son of Man, although he was the son of the Virgin, that is to say of a woman ... They supported their arguments with many other references, and he said no more.

If you're talking about Acidalius' pamphlet, that's a longer story. It begins with a German called Faustus Socinus, who was widely ridiculed by his contemporaries for taking the Bible literally (religious views have changed since then, at least in the United States. This is now a perfectly acceptable viewpoint for world leaders to hold). One of his detractors, Valens Acidalius, wrote a pamphlet showing that taking the Bible literally leads to absurd notions - one being that women weren't human. The Latin word **homo** sometimes means human and sometimes adult male. By wilfully misinterpreting bits of the Vulgate you can come to some amusing conclusions. Theologians in nearby cities were not pleased. A man called Simon Geddicus went so far as to write a response 'manfully' (*viriliter*) disposing of Acidalius' points.

The story of the Council of Macon has been variously fucked around with throughout the ages - filtered through a German pastor,  a Dutch Calvinist, a 19th Century French childcare expert and an anti-clerical resolution at the French parliament. That's how you got your ridiculous story of the early Church not believing that women had souls. It does not, I'm afraid, have anything to do with fact though.
Uh, given all those definitions, I'd say everyone on the planet fits it, depending on the time of day.
How white supremacist of you to think everybody wants to be "Western".
Sounds like the same old tired argument for colonialism, whitey.
It was clear at the time of the handover that Beijing did not want the people of Hong Kong to be consulted on their future, hence their accusing Chris Patten of playing the "three legged-stool trick" (i.e., trying to bring HK public opinion into the equation in the Joint Declaration). Who's the supremacist?

Edit: And you are hopelessly race-obsessed.
And?
I believe my example of HK proves otherwise; that successful change, at least in some situations, can come from without.
Interesting that it was not felt important to provide context to these anecdotal stories. Just in case any one is curious to have statistics on, for instance peacetime homicide ratings for Islamic countries vs Christian countries, just 3 out of the top 50 are In the Arab league. In top place is the Christian Columbia. 

http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/cri_mur_percap-crime-murders-per-capita
I have looked up the J curve, and a lot of what it suggests sounds reasonable. I don't think, though, that anything it suggests leads to the conclusion that change from the outside will inevitably fail.
Yes?
Thanks for the info. I wasn't aware of that. But anyway, my point was merely that women's individual freedom in the Middle Ages were not those one would expect in a "civilized" country.
56 upvotes? where are you guys when this kind of stuff happens? http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/915215.html
What is wrong? You're going on about relativism and then label my entire post as "Wrong."  

It's wrong that humans have a subjective experience and that this is not inherently without value? It's wrong that people have their own frames of reference? It's wrong that labeling an entire culture however "objectively" can still imply a value judgment for some frame of reference?
[deleted]
"Savage" may only imply inferiority from certain frames of reference.  "Savage" is often used as a compliment.  "Violent", "oppressive", and "gender-biased" are equally loaded terms depending on your reference point.
I once rode in a cab with an Afghani cab driver. He had plenty of things to say about America "bringing democracy" to his country. One quote stood out to me that I will paraphrase to the best of my ability: "Bringing Democracy to Afghani people is like giving ice cream to monkeys. They don't know what to do with it. It's a foreign concept. Democracy is not something you can introduce. It's something that must be nourished for generations before it takes root."
Please provide a context for which killing your wife for going to the bazaar without your permission is not barbaric. Otherwise, shut the fuck up.
yeah i agree. reasonable is not a trait of many dictators, or at least not a public trait.
What is your point?
It's all relative. In the U.S., someone might say, "If my wife sleeps with another man, I will kill her." If you think that's different and justified, now I'm in your position thinking this guy is barbaric and uncivilized.

There are many different cultures and the way people think vary greatly, it's not helpful in any way to just say "they're crazy" because we don't understand.
The analogy worked up until the last sentence.
Wrong as in incorrect, untrue, false, fallacious. Not wrong as in morally wrong.
your posts have become tiresome to read and your comments lack the edge you think they have. i'm going to get a glass of milk now.
duh, take some of their shit too. what kind of military leader are you?!?
Gee, never thought of that. Thanks.
This is why I hate religion.
no, no, no. women are far too complex at the core level and actually were built by a vengeful god.
Actually anarchy is extremely reasonable. You're thinking of chaos.
How bazaar.
I don't mean to be rude, but you've given one example, and a very small country at that. Remember that the original article and the comment to which we are all responding was about human rights. I find it very amusing that everyone here has automatically equated democracy with human rights, but countries like India are proving that it is just not that simple. India is a democracy with a capitalist market, and it *still* can't guarantee everyone's human rights, especially not those of women. 

Therefore, while I am certainly not offering a solution, I am saying that repeating "Hong Kong" over and over again certainly isn't either.
I didn't mean to imply that democratisation is by any means a pancaea - although I do think my example demonstrates that *at least in some situations* successful change can come from without. In the case of India, I might merely suggest that it was not developed enough at the time of independence.

Edit: And it's not just HK, what about Japan and South Korea?
Obviously. Rome civilized a lot of territory. Unfortunately, we never get to talk about true things at a higher level of abstraction because every nihilist wants to destroy the meaning of civilization.
what the fuck is so important at bazaars anyway? seems like it would be a fun as hanging out at a strip mall to me.  isn't there afghani ebay or something?
i see how you lumped all of us into that hate category. thanks!
[deleted]
Well in the past hour since I wrote that comment, the whole tenor of the conversation has changed to where it's a lot more constructive. That reaction of mine was based on the kind of invective towards Persians which was originally the substance of this conversation. I've noticed that things often change for the better in reddit conversations when evening hits north america.
&gt;There's simply no objective way to say that one practice is absolutely correct or another is absolutely wrong.

Why should it behave like a binary switch, either absolutely correct or absolutely wrong? The fact that it doesn't does not preclude us from saying that one practice is *better* than another, even if it is not absolutely the best.

I don't need to prove that one practice is absolutely correct. I just need to prove that it is better than the other. Because, the claim that oldno (and the rest of his school) make is not simply that there are no absolutes, it's that there's not even a spectrum.

&gt;but ultimately even logic is only as sound as the assumptions and values it is based on.

The assumptions are what the hell we are arguing over! The point is, some assumptions make more sense than others. There are better *reasons* to adopt certain assumptions over others. Some assumptions appeal to more fundamental reasoning than others.

For example, play the devil's advocate for a moment and give me a reason why a man should be allowed to kill a woman in such a way, being in some other culture.

And I'll give you a better reason why that should not be allowed. Even in some other culture.

&gt;Relativism doesn't really need to be justified. It is a given. 

So things that are given don't need justification? It's a given that something will fall towards the ground if I drop it. And if I drop my laptop, I don't need to justify that to myself, because, yes, it's a given, and I know it will fall to the ground.

But say I'm taking a physics exam, or doing some other activity which requires me to explain mundane things. And say the third problem states "Explain why objects fall towards the earth."

Answering "Oh, I don't need to. It's a given," would be unacceptable.

Even if it's a given, there should be some explanation available, in case some ignorant fool like myself comes around asking.

There is a world of difference between that which ordinarily does not need to be justified, and that which has no justification.
That's fantastic.
I don't think the article was setting up a contest between Christianity and Islam.
Their so-called "culture." 
I blame Genghis Khan and Tamerlane - for not completely exterminating these scum when they had the chance.
[deleted]
Still, it is a leader that can be dealt with as a head of state. 

As opposed to 3600 chieftains.
[deleted]
Judging by your smear "imagination of people in the usa", you have a little trouble with unbiased thinking yourself.
au·to·bi·og·ra·phy -
a history of a person's life written or told by that person.

why the fuck would canada's sensible media have a better grasp on this news?
It seems to have worked pretty well on Japan, eh?
You're overlapping more than one meaning of the word "imagination" in your statement.  I don't mean imagination in the sense of "vision for the future," or as in "creative potential" or "imaginary friend." I am talking about paranoia. I'm not insulting the creativity of people in the usa.

 As I recommended to others, I'll tell you as well: if people in the usa want to read about Afghanistan, [they should pick a better news source than the AP](http://www.google.com/search?client=opera&amp;rls=en&amp;q=site:cbc.ca+afghanistan&amp;sourceid=opera&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8).
[deleted]
No, I think his argument is "right makes might makes right".
Are you paid in USD or land in the "liberated" areas?
Autobiographies often give very biased accounts of situations. I'm not saying abuse doesn't occur. But my concern about the kind of autobiographies which nomorewear has read, is the same concern that I would have hearing people talk about "thinking of the victim's feelings" when the sentencing hearing for an aggressor is taking place.

Invective is not constructive. First person accounts are good to read - but not in the absence of other kinds of context... and those articles from cbc.ca which I offered him offer a much broader perspective on things.
Mutilation of another is indeed universally wrong, I don't care if it's in the West as circumcision. 

There are many things that are universal, I would suggest you read the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights:

http://www.un.org/Overview/rights.html

The original topic of this post seems to violate multiple articles of the UN Declaration and thus I feel comfortable in declaring the actions described "Universally Wrong".   

It's not merely a different point of view, you're quite simply wrong.  End of discussion.
&gt;So then you believe that genital mutilation is universally wrong?

Yep.

&gt;What about circumcision of male infants in the Western world? Is this not wrong?

Nope, it's wrong. In any case, the most common female "circumcision" practices are *not even comparable* to male circumcision. To equivocate the two is offensive, and usually the work of relativists like yourself who don't care about pain and suffering. The most commonly practiced forms of female "circumcision" involves much more.
It shows me convincingly enough that it is possible to successfully Westernise societies through outside pressure, a point that has been denied by a number of people in this thread.
I think there is a stark difference here.  In the civilized world, if a man kills his wife for committing adultery, he will be arrested and likely go to prison.  The man in Afghanistan who kills his wife because she left the house without permission is not punished, he is justified.

Your willingness to justify this behavior because it stems from another "culture" is sickening. Yes, not only is it crazy, it is sick, inhumane and wrong.
[deleted]
Exactly! I need proof of souls in general.
Lol, superstition is funny.
[deleted]
If they were reasonable they wouldn't be dictators.
You're completely off your rocker. In the US, people go to prison for that. More importantly, culture is not defined by what one or a few people do. 

Your attempt to use "culture" as an excuse for rape and murder is sickening.
Yeah, and this is the culture Jimmy Carter and Barak Obama want to kiss up to.  And the left-wing is right in a goofed up sense:  A society gets the kind of government it deserves...but then, back when the world was larger we could let this insanity run around 'over there' and not concern ourselves too much...now those stone-age idiots have figured out how to create nukes - and it isn't so simple anymore.
Thats funny because the Muslims here in America don't beat the fuck out of their wives for going to the supermarket with out their face cover. It's more cultural than religion.

This is why I hate people who are ignorant to the differences between religion and culture.
&gt;If you honestly feel that the ends justify the means, then you are part of the problem.

If the West does not retain its hegemony, others will expand. All other major civilisations are barbarous and/or despotic. Draw what conclusions you will.
Ok, so what if I got a bunch of people together that have the same view?  For example the current and previous presidents both have a lot of people that don't like them.  I bet that I could get 1% of the population who would be willing to kill one and 1% for the other.  If I gathered all of these people together into a geographical area each populated with 3 million people, and I let these populations continue for a few generations what then?  Then next time an unpopular president comes along surely one of these populations would want to kill him.  It  would be a cultural thing.  What then?  Would it be ok or not?
thanks, I would have never thought of that.
No, they don't want to kiss up to this culture. They want to deal with the threats that exist within countries with that culture in a *smart* way. As opposed to McCain who wants to deal with them in a *dumb* way. 

However, to people that aren't smart enough to even grasp what Obama and others are trying to do, they simplify it to a level they can understand and just say they're trying to "kiss up" or "surrender." 

It's one thing for people to disagree with Obama's policies, which I can respect, but most people are simply too dumb to understand, or too willfully ignorant to understand. Since you so gleefully misrepresent them, it's clear you're the latter.
What a savage. I like how people in backwards cultures actually try to explain away their stupidity with statements like this; they carry an attitude that basically says, "We're just different and have the right to be."
If by kissing up you mean attempting to broker peace and stability on this planet, then I can't wait to see Obama pucker up those big ol' lips of his (NON-RACIST COMMENT).

How long has fear controlled your life?
agreed, but sometimes, change will not come from within. I know you can't force democracy onn people who don't want it (I think Jefferson said something about that), but this is all just craziness... and not the good kind.
I think he implied that it cannot be introduced from the outside. Once it's born, it must be "nourished for generations"...
General Napier, essentially a looting thug in uniform.
India was the richest country in the world before the British invasion.
http://www.archaeologyonline.net/artifacts/india-did-you-know.html
Afghanistan is not Palestine dipshit, they are quite different culturally speaking. They don't even speak the same language.
I get (and upmodded) your point. I do think you have to admit, though, that religion becomes a crutch for some of these more extreme examples of cultural abuse. Just look at what happened recently with the FLDS polygamists. Anytime you have a belief system that can give way to zealotry, it can influence the culture in a powerful way not often seen without the influence of religion.
&gt;Can such lack of civilization, such savage behaviour, be called culture? 

Why not call it bitterness? I don't know if I agree with Obama but I think that in this situation, having ultimate and savage control over your wife is a semi-substitute for having a life that works.
Basically what you are is a crazy white colonialist.
Yes but the same could be said for Marxism, Stalinism, etc... Really any ideaa that people believe strongly in can be twisted. This isn't exclusive to religion.
A wild ad hominem appears!
You obviously don't understand their culture. Thank Jehovah you weren't born as an Afghani housewife.
"Women can end up in prison simply on the basis of gossip, said Manizha Naderi, the director of Women for Afghan Women, an aid organization. "It's a horrible, horrible practice.""

What a coincidence, men in America can end up in prison based solely on gossip (accusation).  Maybe we're looking into a mirror in someways.
intellectual, as much I enjoy butting heads with you, this time I agree.  It is easy to pull aspects of a culture and say that the entire culture is rotten and needs, in this case, Westernization.  Yet, in my opinion, Western culture, as it is in the US, is still killing its own citizens, as well as good, decent people in other countries, with indifference, profit motives, and elitist politics.  Western society may be great in many ways, but it surely has much to learn from other cultures.
I generally consider myself a liberal and I'm very much against the war in Iraq but I don't think it would be so bad if we blew these fuckers up.  The men (who share these values) that is.
Are we really 100% sure G Bush or D Cheney have not done the same?
Why are these savages allowed into ANY civilized country?
I would like a serious answer to this.
Moreover, Democracy may not be for everyone.  Besides, I would argue the US is straying away from Democracy and toward a single-party state.
India got screwed over long before the British invasion (see Mogul invasion). Anyways, that wasn't his/her point. The point **HansHotter** is making is that things that pass for *culture* are often insane. And no, I'm not someone who hates everything non-Western (I'm Indian). Every culture has its fault. We, as members of society, should strive to improve upon them rather than ignore them or belittling by shadowing them with our triumphs.
In other words, he's using a TV argument in a print context.  It packs more punch if you hear someone say it, but when you read it you can analyze it enough to dismiss it as silly.
Not to mention the fact that many of the practices which we find abhorrent in that region ('honor' killings for example) are old and predate islam itself. 

Just a snack for the mind, according to sharia law, and i mean as literal as u can get(Quran-wise), adultry is punishable by lashes, not death (it's written there). So whenever you read about a family murdering their daughters for sleepin around, or a man threatening to kill his wife if she goes shopping, it should be obvious that those are cultural problems.
Yep I agree... I didn't feel the need to put up a laundry list of all the things that bug me.
ya know, I just don't think you're gonna convince me of that one otterplay.
Haha. A British imperialist giving lecture on morals. How fitting.
&gt; Why should it behave like a binary switch, either absolutely correct or absolutely wrong? The fact that it doesn't does not preclude us from saying that one practice is better than another, even if it is not absolutely the best.

In this case, I use "absolutely" as opposed to "relatively." Not in the sense of "to the most extreme." There may very well be a spectrum, but it is a spectrum that has no objective reference point. 

&gt; I don't need to prove that one practice is absolutely correct. I just need to prove that it is better than the other. Because, the claim that oldno (and the rest of his school) make is not simply that there are no absolutes, it's that there's not even a spectrum.

You're confusing the possible meanings of "absolute." 

&gt; The assumptions are what the hell we are arguing over! The point is, some assumptions make more sense than others. There are better reasons to adopt certain assumptions over others. Some assumptions appeal to more fundamental reasoning than others.

Assumptions are inherently baseless. They're simply taken for granted. If someone else doesn't accept your assumptions, there's not a lot you can do. 

&gt; For example, play the devil's advocate for a moment and give me a reason why a man should be allowed to kill a woman in such a way, being in some other culture.

Because women are subservient to men and must obey. Disobedience should not be tolerated.

&gt; So things that are given don't need justification? It's a given that something will fall towards the ground if I drop it. And if I drop my laptop, I don't need to justify that to myself, because, yes, it's a given, and I know it will fall to the ground.

Perhaps "given" is the wrong word. It is the default for lack of evidence of an objective absolute standard. 

Consider two object in a void moving away from each other. How can you tell which one is moving and which one is standing still? Or if both are moving? You can't. You can only measure the motion of one relative to the other. Culture is just like that. You can only measure one culture against another because they are effectively in a void. 

&gt; Answering "Oh, I don't need to. It's a given," would be unacceptable.

Actually, ya, gravity is a given. AFAIK, there is no thorough explanation for WHY gravity exists. You could perhaps explain HOW an object falls, but not why.
FYI Western is not a race. If true that he thinks western ideals to be superior than he could be called eurocentrist or whatever.
Really...and who are the Christians to give "moral lessons" to the rest of the world???And they do it on a daily basis??LOOOL Who in the hell are Christians- the most evil group of people that ever appeared on the face of the earth BY FAR!

Christians have committed genocides throughout their history wherever they appeared - murdered hundreds of millions of people - just because of their religion (inquisition) - and they still keep the genocidal pope "in office"???Christians have wiped out entire civilisations (South and North America,New Zealand,Australia),invented communism and fascism that killed hundreds of millions of people alone,gave us Hiroshima and Nagasaki - jast a few years ago Christians have committed genocides in Rwanda and Bosnia...and killed hundreds of thousands of innocent people in Iraq and Afghanistan...and they are giving us moral lessons DAILY...LOOOOL and they are "good" and Muslims are "bad" - Oh My God...Christians should just shut up... get a mirror...and take a really good look at themselves.

And about what should we be concearned MORE...about the genocidal Christians giving us "moral lessons" 24/7 and at the same time murdering millions of innocent people left and right or about some local Arab "laws"...you tell me.
I'm more interested in testing out the ice cream monkey theory.
I certainly know about the Mogul invasion, thank you. I stick with my original statement which, by the way, you can find on a Indian Consul General website as well, http://www.cgisf.org/cultural/facts.html. As for your purported identity, I think it is as firm as the point of the rest of your statement. 
I think a reasonable person could extrapolate the intention of Hansies matching the evil Afghani with the evil Indian is that those darkies are evil.
The monkey's are certainly more civilized...much more deserving of ice cream.
U R Hi but-

In India Vedic Aryans attached such great importance to the spoken word that one who could not correctly pronounce Sanskrit was called barbar (meaning stammering).
http://www.hinduwisdom.info/India_and_Greece.htm
Culture is regional so unless everyone living in the region had the same beliefs, no.
Erm, which New Zealand civilisation was wiped out by Christians? Cuz from where I'm sitting, Maori are still alive and well.
I don't disagree with your original statement and sorry if my tone seemed condescending (wasn't meant to be). I assumed the best in **HansHotter** and took his statement to be a reflection upon arbitrary and rather crazy customs, not lumping of two totally different cultures into one. It would be quite inane if he pasted that quote to assert the superiority of the *west*.
It's your culture?  Oh, OK, see, I didn't know that.  I guess it's alright then.  Carry on.
Since when is Austria in the west?
Holy fuck, dude.  Work on your punctuation.
It seems like she went with him to the bazaar and bought it there for him, and then he read it there.  According to his convoluted sentence, anyway.
Because they don't have the right to be different?


[But in all seriousness, your statement is hilarious if applied to any minority group besides this one]
what is this I don't even
&gt;Barak Obama want to kiss up to.

Please tell me how Obama wants to "kiss up to" them? (I know what you are going to say about Carter and don't want to go down that path.)
Honor killings, however, are part of Palestinian culture. And Hamas does push their version of strict Islamic law, including the chaldor.
I like how you were modded down.  I'll probably be modded down too.  These men *are* savages.  You cannot dehumanize people who have already, using the excuse of their own "culture" decided to become less than human.

Fuck these people, in any country, anywhere.
It may be possible, but why would you do it? It's not worth the cost. You spoke about preserving western hegemony - the only problem is, westernizing undemocratic countries destroys the hegemony of the country that attempts it. 

Rome overextended and fell. Britain overextended and could not control it's colonies and it's empire came to an end. It's ironic that you mention Japan and Hong Kong because the countries that colonized them lost them, and those countries are now rival powers to the colonizer. Japan is an economic rival to the US, and China is now far more powerful than Great Britain.

It would be far wiser to allow Afghanistan to have it's fate, and if we're very, very lucky some other country (like Russia or China) will try to "civilize" it, and destroy itself in the process. Kind of like we're destroying ourselves in Iraq, actually.
&gt;Assumptions are inherently baseless. They're simply taken for granted. If someone else doesn't accept your assumptions, there's not a lot you can do.

Then we've faltered by using the word "assumption", where "premise" would have been more precise.

In any case, we refer to the set of reasons for which we are compelled towards a conclusion. And one reason can be better than another. I'll go on...

&gt;Because women are subservient to men and must obey.

"Women *are* subservient to men." is a descriptive statement, which, even if true, wouldn't imply that they *should* be subservient (obey).

For instance: The family is starving, so the family should starve.

The implicit premise is that whatever *is* the case *should* be the case. Do you agree?

&gt;Disobedience [of subservients] should not be tolerated.

And all things which should not be tolerated should be punished by death?

&gt;Consider two object in a void moving away from each other. How can you tell which one is moving and which one is standing still? Or if both are moving? You can't. You can only measure the motion of one relative to the other. Culture is just like that. You can only measure one culture against another because they are effectively in a void.

The analogy would work if ethics and morality were anything like a physical object out in the void of space.

They aren't. They are intellectual (mathematical, to a degree) constructs.

And the *crazy* thing is, the thing that ties it all together, is that, within these ideas (ethics and morality), everyone wants the same thing. Which is, essentially, to not get fucked.

&gt;Actually, ya, gravity is a given. AFAIK, there is no thorough explanation for WHY gravity exists. You could perhaps explain HOW an object falls, but not why.

I'm not going into the nuances of that here. In any case, it's an analogy - of course it's not perfect.
That is not culture.
Yeah whoever said that is probably the social equivalent of Dick Cheney or some other ignorant right-wing heavily armed religious nutsack.
[deleted]
I consider it savage in the context of violating someone's rights. Everyone has a right to be different,  but they don't have a right to violate someone's basic human rights.
&gt; "Women are subservient to men." is a descriptive statement, which, even if true, wouldn't imply that they should be subservient (obey).

Ok, then I'll change my statement to "women should be subservient to men according to an interpretation of holy texts." 

&gt; The implicit premise is that whatever is the case should be the case. Do you agree?

Yes, I see the weakness in the premise as was originally stated. 

&gt; And all things which should not be tolerated should be punished by death?

I suppose it would depend on how important it is to discourage such behavior. To many people, obedience to God's will is everything. 

&gt; The analogy would work if ethics and morality were anything like a physical object out in the void of space.
&gt;
&gt;They aren't. They are intellectual (mathematical, to a degree) constructs.

They are intellectual constructs that exist without fixed, absolute points of reference. They very much are like objects floating in a void. If you disagree, please say why. Don't just assert that they are not. What is the fixed, unchanging point of reference for morality? It has to be something which is universally recognized. 

&gt; And the crazy thing is, the thing that ties it all together, is that, within these ideas (ethics and morality), everyone wants the same thing. Which is, essentially, to not get fucked.

Sure, but that is kind of vague.
Abdul Qayum is a whiny little pussy.  

If he can't control his woman through persuasion and negotiation, he doesn't deserve to have one at all.
[deleted]
Honour killings is just a fancy word describing murder. It actually, as a term at least, predates Palestinian culture and has its roots with the bedouins.

Though in reality the number of parents who murder their kids in Palestine is probably less than or equal to that in the US.
In the eyes if the majority of Redditors, their culture has at least one saving grace:

They hate Israel and the United States with all their heart.
Where would we be today if Japan had remained a feudal beligrant outsider, and capabale of launching another, nuclear, war?
&gt;"women should be subservient to men according to an interpretation of holy texts."

Even so, that's still descriptive. In deciding how to act, we are looking for a proscriptive statement.

Which would be your implicit premise - "we should do whatever our savage cookbook tells us to". Which can be trivially refuted.

&gt;To many people, obedience to God's will is everything.

Obedience to the word of the Koran is everything if and only if the Koran is an authentic document (a genuine documentation of "God's will").

That's an assertion of fact. Which, again, can be trivially refuted.

&gt;They are intellectual constructs that exist without fixed, absolute points of reference. They very much are like objects floating in a void. If you disagree, please say why. Don't just assert that they are not. What is the fixed, unchanging point of reference for morality?

The fixed point of reference is that we're all human. Moreover, it's empathy.
&gt;*How do you what majority of Afghan culture thinks based on one news story?*

Good point. Here's the thing though: it fits into my prior perception of Afghan culture. You know, where they held public executions in football stadiums, where they destroyed significant works of art, where they regard women as chattels.

you know. that sort of thing.
Iraq isn't anarchy either, there's a state.
What I meant was the US foreign policy of bringing Democracy when they are in fact a Democratic Republic. The death penalty was a reference to the EU and how you can't join without abolishing the death penalty.
That was a nice pithy quote in the context of V for Vendetta (it was in the graphic novel anyway, not sure if it was in the film), but it needs more explanation in this context.
&gt;I find it very amusing that everyone here has automatically equated democracy with human rights, but countries like India are proving that it is just not that simple.

I wonder if you have any awareness of how snotty and condescending you appear when you find other people's misunderstandings "amusing".  

You'd stand a much better chance of reaching them if you didn't portray yourself as chortling while gazing down at them through a monocle.
Accept those mod-downs with pride!
Ouch! I know, you just coundn't resist it :)
I thought that you would say that, that's why in my post I "gathered all of these people together into a geographical area".  Then I "let these populations continue for a few generations" so it isn't even the original people, their descendants in that region.
Murder is only a crime when it's not approved of by the state.   Don't confuse criminality with morality.
And the current situation is better because?....
And a great culture it is, too.  Bitches need to learn their place.
&gt;Honour killings is just a fancy word describing murder.

No, it is a word to describing murder for a particular purpose. It is not fancy to try for specificity.

&gt;It actually, as a term at least, predates Palestinian culture and has its roots with the bedouins.

So? Cultural traits usually have roots in other traits and cultures. Nor did I say this was unique to Palestinian culture.

&gt;Though in reality the number of parents who murder their kids in Palestine is probably less than or equal to that in the US.

I assume you mean %, and I wonder if you can support this. Nor is it really important: what matters is how the accepted nature of honor killing brutalizes all women and serves to oppress them. It does not have to be used in large numbers to work. Think of is as wildly accepted torture: knowledge that it occurs is enough to control the population.
Do me a favour and look up how many women were killed in the US by family. Accepted nature or not is irrelevant, lots of people are killed by family whether or not a culture accepts it.

I doubt palestinians accept it, in fact I doubt you're even being forthright and back checking your statements with valid sources, just bullshitting right out the mouth with everything.

I'm going to have to ask for a valid citation for all your claims. Sorry but I'm tired of dealing with pigheaded bigots who can't get their facts straight.
I would just give every single woman in Afganistan political asylum, if they want to.

I think that would solve the problem. After the afgan men get tired of masturbating maybe they would see things in a different light
&gt;Do me a favour and look up how many women were killed in the US by family.

Why? You made a claim, defend it. 

&gt;Accepted nature or not is irrelevant,

Accepted is exactly the issue. Accepted makes it a cultural problem, accepted is why young Palestinian women have to live in fear of their families (or internalize the brutalization). 

&gt;I doubt palestinians accept it

Do you doubt have some support or am I supposed to look this up as well? 


&gt;in fact I doubt you're even being forthright and back checking your statements with valid sources, just bullshitting right out the mouth with everything.

Ah, I see: you doubt so I am a liar. You make claims you can't support so there is something wrong with me.

&gt;Sorry but I'm tired of dealing with pigheaded bigots who can't get their facts straight.

&gt;I'm going to have to ask for a valid citation for all your claims.

For all of my claims? Sounds like you were caught out saying some crap and you think that groundless attack is your only option.

You might start with this: [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honor_killing#Honor_killing_in_national_legal_codes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honor_killing#Honor_killing_in_national_legal_codes)

And this: http://www.merip.org/mer/mer206/ruggi.htm, with this interesting quite (in response to your handwaving about number): " Given that honor killings often remain a private family affair, no official statistics are available on the practice or its frequency"

And this: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/from_our_own_correspondent/4522465.stm

Then tell me how this does not serve to control women. Tell me how it is really OK because it is "cultural". 




I would suggest you stop talking to yourself, but I doubt you would listen.
Oh please, don't equivocate. Two wrongs do not make a right, just because I used to beat my wife doesn't make it OK for you to beat yours.

They are barbaric, backwards, and savage. Period! Round the lot up and throw them in prison, and let women run the society for a while.
It doesn't make it OK, but if you used to beat your wife, you're in no position to call me a savage. Because you understood faster that this was wrong doesn't mean you can take that smug, arrogant and insulting air with me. 

Plus you haven't read all my arguments. I am advocating that you can't judge a whole civilization by the comments of one idiot, but by the acts of millions.
I need proof of proof.
&gt; Which would be your implicit premise - "we should do whatever our savage cookbook tells us to". Which can be trivially refuted.

Then refute it. 

&gt; Obedience to the word of the Koran is everything if and only if the Koran is an authentic document (a genuine documentation of "God's will").

Right. And the assumption is that it is authentic. Surely you've  tried arguing with a True Believer before. Refuting the premise of their moral system is anything but trivial. 

&gt; That's an assertion of fact. Which, again, can be trivially refuted.

No, it is a premise. It can neither be refuted nor proven. Just like you might live on the premise that humans have inherent rights and are equals. You can't prove it. You just assert it and base your morals on it. 

&gt; The fixed point of reference is that we're all human. Moreover, it's empathy.

So morals wouldn't apply to non-human intelligence in the universe?
Who was leading a country with people who can kill their wives without any repercussions which was completely at odds, of course.
The problem is that everyone has a different definition of "basic human rights". In this case, almost everyone in the world would agree that this is in violation. But they don't.
Humans like many animals have a desire to be free and make their own decisions. I might be fantasizing but I'd like to think that freedom is a inherent desire.
And some people have an inherent desire to be free to kill people.

Now we have a problem.
Too bad hypotheticals fail to prove much of anything. The chances of that happening are practically zero. This is far from the original discussion. I was only trying to make the point that certain terms are ethnocentric and, more importantly, prejudiced. 

[Here](http://www.corpwatch.org/article.php?id=13456), [here](http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2006/mar/21/comment.politics) and [here](http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2006/mar/24/comment.politics) are three links that make my point.

In the first article, Jenny Tonge says, "In the case of the Bushmen, I chose to call it stone age. A more accurate description would have been Mesolithic, middle stone age or hunter gatherer. Why this perfectly acceptable, biological, evolutionary description should cause offence I do not know."

In the second article, George Monbiot calls her out on the very ethnocentric and prejudiced terms that she uses and in the third article, Jenny Tonge responds: "The bushmen and all indigenous people are part of the modern world."

It is widely accepted today that terms like *savage* are inappropriate and pejorative. People in higher offices than you or I have had the debate and made my case for me. Some people try to argue that because relativists value other people's cultures, we are happy to stand by and allow anything to happen. This is untrue. George Monbiot, clearly a relativist, stands up for the rights of the indigenous people of Botswana. Relativists protect people. Ethnocentrism has been used for centuries to enslave people. 

I'm not arguing that the gender biased treatment of women in Afghanistan is right. I'm only trying to argue that we should first try to understand before we pass judgement. The reason why any culture practices anything is because of their beliefs and through proper education those beliefs can be changed. For example, female genital mutilation is done in Turkey to ensure that the husband will be the father of the wife's child. The reason for the precaution is because they believe that a man's sperm is like a seed and the woman is like soil. A man can therefore plant a seed at any time and a child will be born at an indeterminate time afterwards. It is important to be positive of lineage because inheritance is patrilineal. 

Now, of course this is wrong. And I mean *wrong* as in *incorrect*, not morally wrong. Should the women have to endure this mutilation? No. But simply condemning a culture does nothing. By taking a relativistic approach we can understand the cause of certain behaviours, attitudes and practices and then take positive, non-violent action. Through sexual and biological education the people of Turkey would come to understand the true process of reproduction and female genital mutilation would be done away with. It would have no purpose. 

Through education in Afghanistan, or any place, people will learn that men and women and people of all races are equals and only then will all people be treated with equality and fairness.
But that freedom infringes on another's. They themselves wouldn't desire to be treated in such a manner so why should they then be able to do it to someone else?
Because they feel their freedoms are more important.

Their religion tells them so. Their culture tells them so. It will be difficult for that to ever change.
Enlightening children is our best bet.
Murder by definition is an 'illegal' killing. Thats why we don't call execution murder or arrest the executioner.
&gt;Then refute it.

If following our savage cookbook is everything, then ethics by divine command can be philosophically justified. Ethics by divine command cannot be philosophically justified, so following our savage cookbook is not everything.

&gt;Surely you've tried arguing with a True Believer before. Refuting the premise of their moral system is anything but trivial.

Not really. Ethics by divine command cannot be justified, on several grounds, and Socrates showed this 2,400 years ago.

Of course it's hard to convince them, though. But that reflects more on the psychology of a "True Believer" than it does on the argument against their position.

&gt;No, it is a premise. It can neither be refuted nor proven. Just like you might live on the premise that humans have inherent rights and are equals. You can't prove it. You just assert it and base your morals on it.

Jesus Christ... a premise can neither be refuted nor proven? Is that what you think a premise is? Take a class in critical reasoning, it's much more than just making baseless assertions - as you would have it be.

&gt;So morals wouldn't apply to non-human intelligence in the universe?

If they live in collectives, communities, etc. then of course it would - given that they're intelligent. Probably.. maybe. What the hell am I supposed to know about aliens?

I say "we're all human" and I mean that were all at least born with the capacity to learn to reason, to abstract, to empathize, etc. - the things which set us apart from the non-human animals (along with the kinds of people I like to call savages).
My point was that killing for these types of things is condoned by their culture, so it's not "murder" over there.  Over here it would be.
Killing someone for those trivial reasons is murder. Fuck them and their backwards laws. Just because they want to call it a good thing doesn't change the fact it is horrendous and criminal.
Is murder merely an illegal killing or is it an immoral killing?  You've said both.  Make up your mind.
Do you think atheists have a moral duty to become mentors in some way or another? For example though teaching, or possibly some other way?
I think so yes. Lest we all become savages. It would be nice to become a galactic civilization at some point.
&gt; If following our savage cookbook is everything, then ethics by divine command can be philosophically justified. Ethics by divine command cannot be philosophically justified, so following our savage cookbook is not everything.

That doesn't make any sense.

&gt; Not really. Ethics by divine command cannot be justified, on several grounds, and Socrates showed this 2,400 years ago.

Why would you need to justify God's will?

&gt; Jesus Christ... a premise can neither be refuted nor proven? Is that what you think a premise is?

No, I said it *is* a premise that can neither be refuted or proven. Not that that all premises are. 

Look at how the Delclaration of Independence of the US states its premise: We hold these truths to be self-evident...

No justification. It is just a given.  That is what cultural systems are based on. Givens. Assumptions. Ideas about how a few people think a society ought to be run. 

&gt; Take a class in critical reasoning, it's much more than just making baseless assertions - as you would have it be.

I have taken a class in critical thought. And one important lesson was that a logical conclusion is only as good as the assumptions it is based on. And most, if not all, arguments are based on some sort of assumptions. There is a difference between validity and absolute truth.  As far as I am aware, absolute truth has never been achieved. So I think odd that you can claim to know what the abosolute point of reference is for morality. 

&gt; If they live in collectives, communities, etc. then of course it would - given that they're intelligent. Probably.. maybe. What the hell am I supposed to know about aliens?

Tell what it is about humans in particular that makes them worthy of your absolutely superior ethics, and I'll give you some hypothetical alien qualities. ;-)

&gt; I say "we're all human" and I mean that were all at least born with the capacity to learn to reason, to abstract, to empathize, etc. - the things which set us apart from the non-human animals (along with the kinds of people I like to call savages).

Interesting. So since these savages don't live up to your standards of humanity, they are not worth of your ethics. Hmm, I imagine that some cultures look at women in a similar fashion.
Murder is killing when it is wrong to do so. If you kill somebody for any reason other than defence, it is immoral.
Based on family ties? The man would *murder* his wife for going out without his permission! That doesn't exactly say "caring" to me.
Well, I think that is one of the biggest advantages religions have over atheism. Religions have mechanisms built in for teaching and indoctrinating minors. Atheism doesn't - luckily the internet is helping with that.
The great thing about the internet is curious young people can go out and search for information on a multitude of subjects. They have to learn to vet it (As we all did at one point or another. Some still need help with this) but that comes with time.
Where you marry your first cousin all the time!
That's Norfolk...
You're right, England is having a big problem with Muslim incest;

Norfolk in particular though?  I guess.... 

http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article3342040.ece
I wasn't talking about 'Muslim' incest, rather I was making a tired joke about country folk. I happen to think that the remarks made by several UK MPs about this subject are highly uninformed.

Two reasons why: firstly, the custom of marrying within the close family is,if anything, a rural Pakistan cultural issue, not a 'Muslim' one per se. Secondly, I'm not sure the supposed genetic problem is so great  when taken alonsgside other risks, a point first made by Prof. Steve Jones when Woolas raised the matter.
&gt;highly uninformed.

?  Did you read the link?

&gt;Medical research suggests that while British Pakistanis are responsible for 3% of all births, they account for one in three British children born with genetic illnesses.

How can  you possibly deny that?

&gt;not a 'Muslim' one per se

A religion is people, people make the religion.  Culture and religion are so verily intertwined that your argument makes no logical sense.

EDIT: FYI, Norfolk is a city, i'd hardly call it 'country'.
&gt;*Did you read the link*

Did you read Prof. Steve Jones? He said risks should not be overstated:

&gt;*Let's bear in mind that families like the Rothschilds married their cousins frequently.*
&gt;
&gt;*"In Bradford, the Office of National Statistics says there is an increase of about five or so infant deaths a year because of cousin marriage, particularly among the Asian community there.*
&gt;
&gt;*"There are something like 70 infant deaths altogether in Bradford per year, so the effect isn't that great."*

See the point

&gt;*A religion is people, people make the religion.*

The tradition is more of an Indian sub-continent one, not a 'Muslim' one:

&gt;*Among Hindu communities, quite often you get an uncle-niece marriage - marrying your brother's daughter.*
&gt;
&gt;*"That is even closer inbreeding than cousin marriage, so it is not by any means a uniquely Islamic issue."*

But why let the facts cloud your uninformed prejudice






&gt;*FYI, Norfolk is a city, i'd hardly call it 'country'.*

Norfolk isn't a city, you ignoramus. It's a county. It's largely rural. In the UK, people from the countryside rather than the town/city can be called 'country folk'.

As you obviously don't know the UK and don't know English well either, what's your interest in this?

Twat.
&gt;Twat.

Whenever someone lowers himself to Ad Hominem attacks, i always know i've won the argument.

You seem to be very worried that Muslims might be shown in a bad light.  Hmmmm what could your agenda possibly be we wonder?
Tell me again that Norfolk is a city. Go on.
http://www.norfolk.gov/

Summary:
Culture is just like that.
It  would be a cultural thing.
what is this I don't even.
Even in some other culture.
It's more cultural than religion.
I really don't think so.
so you say that all cultures are equal?
You don't understand what culture is.
It is just a given.
They don't know what to do with it.
Murder is killing when it is wrong to do so.
The practices of any other culture are equally valid to our own.
That was not the point.
They say it's part of their culture; why don't you believe them?
And a great culture it is, too.
Well it is my culture to kill certain kinds of people.
You're not the only one; many other people here have used terms such as *barbaric*, *savage*, *civilized* and so on.
And one reason can be better than another.
Saying "that culture is shit" is not going to make things better.
Would you call that culture shit ?
&gt; I don't need to prove that one practice is absolutely correct.
I don't need to prove that one practice is absolutely correct.
I just need to prove that it is better than the other.
No, I think his argument is "right makes might makes right".
Some things are universally right and some things are universally wrong.
Because they don't have the right to be different?
You obviously don't understand their culture.
It's wrong that people have their own frames of reference?
We have to kill all of these people.
I need proof of proof.
No, they don't want to kiss up to this culture.
That is what cultural systems are based on.
You were talking about the culture as a whole.
I like how you were modded down.
Don't just assert that they are not.
It is a given that people have their own frames of reference.
Absolutely, you see it right.
In the US, people go to prison for that.
There are no universal rights and wrongs.
I call that barbarism or savage behavior.
This is why I hate people who are ignorant to the differences between religion and culture.
I wonder if they think it's ok?
It may be possible, but why would you do it?
&gt; Answering "Oh, I don't need to.
&gt; The fixed point of reference is that we're all human.
&gt; So things that are given don't need justification?
Not wrong as in morally wrong.
&gt; I said he didn't care.
The women are submerged in the culture as much as the men are.
The fact that it doesn't does not preclude us from saying that one practice is *better* than another, even if it is not absolutely the best.
The fact that it doesn't does not preclude us from saying that one practice is better than another, even if it is not absolutely the best.
That term implies inferiority and that is why it is wrong to make such a claim.
You just assert it and base your morals on it.
Would it be ok or not?
There's no assertion that women don't have souls.
That doesn't make any sense.
The point is, some assumptions make more sense than others.
Answering "Oh, I don't need to.
The man would *murder* his wife for going out without his permission!
The fixed point of reference is that we're all human.
&gt; "Women are subservient to men."
So things that are given don't need justification?
Why would you need to justify God's will?
Change has to come from within

Absolutely.
Perhaps "given" is the wrong word.
So your ethics are "might makes right."
You make claims you can't support so there is something wrong with me.
&gt; That's an assertion of fact.
Killing someone for those trivial reasons is murder.
Which would explain why you don't have a wife.
You can behave like this in a democracy.
I said he didn't care.
Tell me how it is really OK because it is "cultural".
Iraq was better off under a dictator, a savage place like Afghanistan would be too.
It's a given," would be unacceptable.
I think that would solve the problem.
You can't force a country into democracy.
thanks, I would have never thought of that.
I need some case studies ;)
In the U.S., someone might say, "If my wife sleeps with another man, I will kill her."
&gt; The assumptions are what the hell we are arguing over!
I didn't say that that he doesn't *know* that the practice of killing one's wife for going shopping is violent, oppressive, and gender biased.
The problem is that "savage" is such a loaded word and has been used to describe cultures that a merely different.
Also, people deem acts as "savage" within their own culture.
If that's not what you meant, then I wonder what you did mean.
How do you what majority of Afghan culture thinks based on one news story?
It doesn't make it OK, but if you used to beat your wife, you're in no position to call me a savage.
Hell, I want to know when it was proven that *men* have souls.
It would have no purpose.
Honor killings are accepted in some of these countries.
And I mean *wrong* as in *incorrect*, not morally wrong.
The only *possible* way that the morally relevant practices of every culture could be equally valid would be if they were all exactly the same.
In this case, I use "absolutely" as opposed to "relatively."
Relativism doesn't really need to be justified.
Oh, OK, see, I didn't know that.
"*

See the point

&gt;*A religion is people, people make the religion.
The problem is specifically with the use of loaded words like "savage."
Western society may be great in many ways, but it surely has much to learn from other cultures.
And this is happening there too.
So according to you, is my culture equally valid with yours?
Their culture tells them so.
"Women *are* subservient to men."
But they are not all the same.
This is why I hate religion.
Just like you might live on the premise that humans have inherent rights and are equals.
I don't mean to be rude, but you've given one example, and a very small country at that.
You can only measure one culture against another because they are effectively in a void.
I consider it savage in the context of violating someone's rights.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.38
