Original Response:
Their Website is rather unsecure, Feel free to play lads and Ladies..
If it was up to Network Solution the Reformation never would have happened. Hell, if it was up to NS, we'd still be worshiping the Greek and Egyptian gods because no criticism of them would have ever been allowed.
Network Solutions against having customers as well.
So YouTube takes down thousands of 'offensive' videos daily, Google is the infrastructure of censored information in China, and NetSol takes the blame for dropping a website which will undoubtly lead to violence (it already has) and will be subject of flash crowds and DDoS attacks. Can someone explain the double standards?
So basically you're saying that if others take down content then Network Solutions is also excused from taking down content based on no information whatsoever? The website as it was did not have any information that was against Network Solutions policy. They preemptively took down the website, which is obviously caving in to people who vocally disagree with the movie without knowing anything about it.
I'm wondering why these two companies get treated differently for doing the exact same thing. On the other hand I do think both have the right to clear their servers of anything they do not wish to host. It's bad customer service, maybe even immoral, but it's not an attack on freedom of speech.
It isn't Network Solutions' role to police content "which will undoubtly lead to violence".

By the way, it doesn't matter if it leads to violence or not. In any case, it needs to be allowed as free expression. Many will say that freedom of expression only applies to the *government* restricting freedom, but when major corporations play such a large role in hosting and providing content and services, they should similarly be barred from doing this.
I'm sure you've noticed the general outrage here on reddit whenever youtube removes an offensive video.  Also, Google's compliance with China's censorship is fairly universally despised.  If there is any sort of outrage disparity here it is because Google and Youtube's offenses are commonplace now, whereas Network Solutions' isn't (or at least its more novel to us redditors).
These two or three or four companies are not under some kind of a joint criticism-proof shield. Everyone is entitled to criticize (within the frames of civilized discussion) this or other decision made by the given company, just as you do. 
Double standards apply to the actions of a single entity when it treats similar cases differently.

As to the website fitnathemovie.com - it did not violate the policies of NS, and as Mr.Frankly have kindly mentioned, NS PREEMTIVELY took down the website.
I disagree, these companies get treated different for doing different things. Youtube takes down videos after they are placed on the website - they can look at the video and decide whether complies to their policy. Network Solutions on the other hand took down the website based on complains by other people. There was no video, no content (except a small announcement), basically nothing against NS policy - people simply complained because they *expected* they would disagree with it and NS acted based on that. 

Since Network Solutions is a company with no obligations except please shareholders and their customers they indeed have the right to take it down. But at the same time we have the right to object to their decision.
Couldn't put it any better. Spot on.
Google and Youtube host content but network solutions sell space/bandwidth so they _should_ have no say over what that space or bandwidth is used for.
Government Censorship in the US has devolved into taking down websites by deleting their domain names. 
How can we go around that?
Register domains in Europe? In Africa?
In Sweden?
It's a more than a little ironic that Geert Wilders is complaining about freedom of speech when this film is propaganda for his campaign to get the Koran banned in Holland.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geert_Wilders
And the movie explains and brings up the point exactly why he demands banning Koran. You may accept his views and you may not, but this issue is open for the debate.
It's not a debate in which I have the slightest interest. Still I accept he has a right to campaign to get the Koran banned although it sounds cretinous to do so.

It's possible that Network Solutions have been a bit hasty in removing his site. I just think it's ironic that he's making such a bid deal of a commercial company refusing to host a website which seems like a very small infringement of freedom of speech compared the government banning the sacred text of a major religion.

I suppose there's nothing like playing the victim card to drum up support for an idiotic cause.
[deleted]
Well, apparently we agree on the key issue and it is his right to campaign as long as it is within the limits of the law of his country. 
His motives may be debatable by some people, and it is perfectly alright since we live in democratic societies (thank God), but as previously mentioned in this thread, taking the website down PRIOR to the movie or any other website content being launched is bluntly against what you and I and many others here agree upon (whatever differences we might have on the other issues).
If the website was allowed and his campaign prevailed in banning the Koran, would you say that someone's rights were violated?

In other words, if Holland bans the Koran, would hindsight be to say that we shouldn't have allowed a site like this to be published?  Would Network Solutions be branded as a company which condones religious discrimination?  

The company has a reputation to think about and while they may have dipleased a few of us, there are probably quite a bit more Muslims who are pleased.  Besides, if you were CEO of NetSol, what would you do?  Keep in mind the results of your actions could span from harmless criticism to death threats.
&gt;If the website was allowed and his campaign prevailed in banning the Koran, would you say that someone's rights were violated?

If that indeed happened, in this particular case I would say that someone's rights were not violated since the decision to ban the Koran would be made by the Democratically elected parliament/institution of the democratic country (Netherlands, in this case)

&gt;Would Network Solutions be branded as a company which condones religious discrimination?

Not at all. The problem Holland in particular and EU in general faces, according to Geert Wilders and many others, is the aggression and discrimination that is promoted in Koran since it preaches the superiority of Islam over other religions. Besides, as mentioned many times earlier in this thread, NS banned the website BEFORE they saw what this movie contains. IF the movie is indeed found offensive, discriminating, etc, then NS would have a solid ground to suspend the website, but not PRIOR to seeing it. By the way, in a number of interviews Geert Wilders said that he has nothing against the vast majority of Muslims; 

&gt;Besides, if you were CEO of NetSol, what would you do? Keep in mind the results of your actions could span from harmless criticism to death threats.

This is exactly the core issue here, my friend. I completely agree with you when you say that the CEO of NS faces a tough decision. Me personally - I would make an attempt to see what the movie is about, no matter if I like it or not. IF my action (or inaction) resulted in death threats, I would definitely think that something is very wrong with those who issue such threats and I would stand my ground. Criticism is one thing. Death threats is completely different. This is, by the way, what Geert Wilders claims the Koran is preaching - intolerance and intimidation.
wow, didn't know network solutions was muslim.

Summary:
The website as it was did not have any information that was against Network Solutions policy.
If the website was allowed and his campaign prevailed in banning the Koran, would you say that someone's rights were violated?
Network Solutions against having customers as well.
&gt;If the website was allowed and his campaign prevailed in banning the Koran, would you say that someone's rights were violated?
Would Network Solutions be branded as a company which condones religious discrimination?
Network Solutions on the other hand took down the website based on complains by other people.
If it was up to Network Solution the Reformation never would have happened.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
