Original Response:
A more editorialised version of the article available from the same BBC site [here.](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7399644.stm)
The "conspiracy theory" is looking more and more credible, if that's possible.

How much more do we need before these fuckers get some accountability?
In the case of Guantonamo, I tend to agree with [Hanlon's Razor](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanlon's_razor)

A conspiracy to lock up a bunch of possibly innocent or unprovably guilty foreigners at tremendous expense (in terms of finance and repute) to gain what exactly?

Even if the conspiracy was just to get some very short term political gain, it was an incredibly foolish move.
Heard of Occums razor never heard of Hanlons, you learn something new every day. :)

To what gain?  Putting a face on this "war on terror"  Show a few photos of muslims give the public someone to hate.  Divert attention from the real culprits, Ill bet there were massive newspaper head lines when they "arrested" him saying "terrorist found!!" or some shit very similar but wheres the massive headline saying he was innocent in the papers?  I wont hold my breath.....
[deleted]
Helen?
Yeah, so... this is America.  The constitution does not mandate that a reason be given to *drop* charges.  You only need a reason if you press charges against or detain someone.
[deleted]
[deleted]
My guess is that Guantanamo is an exercise in the efficacy of gulags 'at home' and how the local and international community reacts to them.  Haven't looked much into it though, I admit, this assumption is at face value.
now sue the FUCK out of the Bush administration. its what any patriotic american would do :P
[deleted]
Where's that inside job dude when you need him?
9/11 was an inside job:

http://home.comcast.net/~plutarch/911.html
*Bill O'Reily *

FUCKING THING SUCKS!!!
[deleted]
*But lawyers for the defendant say they believe the charges were dropped because he "was tortured" under interrogation.*

Heckuva job, Rummy!
[deleted]
So they dropped the charges against bin Laden?
This is a prime example of why torture is worthless.  Statements given under the duress of torture are inadmissible in court.  Further, military interrogation experts say that statements gained under torture have no intelligence value either ... who can trust what guy says when his nuts are hooked up to electrodes?
WAKE UP SHEEPLE!!!1!
This is Reddit.  Around here the government needs a democratic referendum overseen by the U.N. and thrice-checked for tampering to take a piss.
I wouldn't be surprised if they found out he was actually one of their guys.
Me?

[ROUND EARTH WAS AN INSIDE JOB! WAKE UP SHEEPLE!!!](http://www.theflatearthsociety.org/forum/)
There never were any charges against bin Laden related to 911 - There was never a criminal investigation about 911. CSI would have cracked 911 in one episode.
"Occums"? Wow. It's *Ockham's* razor. Not Occam's (as is frequently seen), or anything else. It's named after William of Ockham.
Thanks for correcting me I love being corrected. ;)
This "Hanlon's razor" is a ripoff of an older quote:  
&gt; Never attribute to malice what can be explained by stupidity. Don't assign to stupidity what might be ignorance. And try not to assume your opponent is the ignorant one - until you can show it isn't you. --M. N. Plano
Further evidence that treating terrorists like criminals with legal rights is absurd.
[deleted]
Since when do you need to give reasons to drop charges?  I would have thought that having reasons to press charges was more important.
[deleted]
"Four planes were hijacked by 19 men"....odd that only half of 'em died!
So they admit to torturing an innocent person.
What the hell is a razor, anyway?
&gt; William of Ockham (also Occam, Hockham, or any of several other spellings...

Wow. Normally I find bad spelling pretty annoying, but you, Tanath, I find much more annoying. Judging by many of your comments, you seem to get incredibly irritated at the slightest things. I wish there were an ignore feature on Reddit just so I could use it to avoid reading your hateful words.

Psh, I don't really care. Have a nice day! :D
Pedant alert.
By now most everybody in the world knows, maybe with the exception of the president and his cronies.

The irony is that they think they know what you don't know.
they needed him for the next black op, duh.
you gotta be kidding me! i still go for the conspiracy theory.
sounds good to me. Goverment neds more oversight.
Weak.
one of the ironies is that the mainstream theory is actually a conspiracy theory. anytime  a theory is constructed that scapegoats a group of alleged conspirators qualifies.

but if you're the one whodunnit, you demonize the ones that come closest to guessing the truth dead-on by calling their conspiracy theories, get this: "conspiracy theories." but you have to say it with proper inflection and conviction. and when some conspiracy theories start to come really close to the truth, you're only defense is to start calling them "truthers." again, with proper inflection and conviction.

if god is philosophically disprovable, but polls indicate 80% of the populace believe in "god" or some kind of unprovable supernatural entity, you should be able to convince anybody of anything if you have money and power.

there is more evidence available indicating proof of aliens than there is evidence available proving the existence of "god."

my opinion is that these fuckers won't be held accountable ("most impeachable president not impeached") - but gw and crew may spend a lot of time in court. if the iran-contra hearings set any precedent, don't expect real justice. maybe they'll wind up in Vermont. and maybe Vermont has some kick-ass militia we don't know about.
If you don't know, your beard probably looks like Bin Laden's.
[deleted]
Lack of evidence is a reason.
Either they are criminals, in which case they deserve rights and a trial, or they are POWs, in which case they deserve different rights. This administration wants it both ways (or neither). They are not POWs, so they can be interrogated and mistreated, but they are not criminals, so they get no protection.
One of these days I have to start ranting in a public place and then finish off said rant with that catchphrase, because this site is the only place I ever encounter it.
How does this say anything about it being an "inside" job? That does not make any sense to me, so walk me through your thinking.
&gt; never a criminal investigation about 911. 

I assume you discount the [work done by the FBI](http://www.fbi.gov/pressrel/pressrel01/091401hj.htm) after 9/11 to simply be a psyops cover operation, so it doesn't count?
Warwick &amp; Nick would have kicked ass. Too bad Brown's behind bars now.
[deleted]
Thats the point, he's not thinking.
what a cockup.

There are now only two possibilities here:

- the guy is a terrorist and due to incredible bungling and negligence  by bush and cronies is now let free to roam the world, will never be held accountable for his crimes

- the guy was not a terrorist and was held innocently for years, tortured, brutalized in the name of the United States.

Either way its an outrage.
And they DID press charges (albeit in a kangaroo court), then drop them. Hence the requirement for an explanation to the taxpayers.
It's a funny thing bringing up the FBI since they have stated publicly that they do not have any evidence linking Bin Laden with 9/11. Been to the FBI's most wanted page lately? Why don't you go check and see what ISN'T on Bin Ladens wanted poster.
Sorry to ruin your life and stuff.  Hey, look on the bright side, at least we attacked the wrong country in retaliation, so you don't have a million of your compatriots dead and your land ruined by depleted uranium and bloodthirsty mercenary armies!
Damn straight
To try out as many different torture techniques as possible against a dehumanised enemy, to see what nasty shit can be used against the general population. The ultimate goal being a world without irrational people messing up companies' plans.

But that's just me...
Maybe Jack Bauer is going to use him to smoke out more terrorists.
Yet.
I think you are a terrorist, now you have no legal rights.
Keep in mind lawyers will say almost *anything* as long as they get paid.

That being said, I imagine the charges were dropped because of insufficient evidence, or something similar.
you're RIGHT!  - he doesn't have any parking tickets!!  :P
The reason is that a Federal grand jury has brought an indictment for the African embassy bombings, but the Bush administration has chosen to prosecute 9/11 in a different way. I don't need a conspiracy theory to believe that choice is a bad one, but for better or worse, there it is.

There is not a corresponding indictment for bin Laden related to 9/11, but they did raise the award amount after 9/11, and they did have an indictment against Zacarias Moussaoui, and he was tried and convicted. I don't get wrapped up enough in this stuff to keep a scorecard for exactly how much evidence the FBI believes it has against bin Laden; I would not be surprised if his involvement was completely carried out through personal communciations at which no witness in FBI custody has been willing or able to testify about.

The PENTTBOM investigation is the largest in FBI history. Thinking that is no criminal investigation at all is strange.
Or, he IS a terrorist, and was brutalized for years.
A guilty one, more like.
Well if they couldn't build a bedrock case using heresay evidence and confessions obtained through duress by the American Inquisition, the case was either non-existant or the Bush administration is even weaker than most people think.
Have you ever read comments at youtube?
Or, he is a terrorist NOW, after being brutalized for 7 years.
If he wasn't a terrorist then he sure as shit isn't wishing the US goodwill now.  Better rearrest him.
A person can't read the comments section anymore without tripping over all the masochistic submissives.
Or, he learned his lesson, and will sin no more.
&gt; Weak.

Exactly like the evidence for 9/11 being an inside job...extremely weak.
No, I value what little sanity I have left.
You know, when Jesus said go and sin no more, he stopped a group of people from torturing a woman to death with rocks.
[deleted]
[deleted]
He told THE WOMAN.

Until the rocks appeared, she was sinning up a storm.
That's it? That's your thinking? Sorry, but that is not an argument, not a logical presentation of evidence, that is simply a leap to a pre-determined conclusion. Did you even stop to consider the reason given in the article (though not by the government): that he was tortured and they did not want that presented in court?
Just to forestall replying to multiple people individually, everyone who is worried about his "release", understand that dropping the charges  in a particular case does not necessarily this guy will go free.

There are plenty of guys in Guantanamo who don't have any charges against them, but who aren't going anywhere soon.
He wasn't released, dummy.
I know he told THE WOMAN, bobcat.  Concentrate:

The Pharisees were about to stone a woman to death, accused of committing adultery (we really have no idea if she did or not, do we?).  They told Jesus the Law of Moses commanded that she be stoned, and asked what he had to say about it.

He SHAMED them into NOT CAUSING HER HARM OR VIOLENCE, and then told her to go and sin no more. 

That's the point you don't get.  You tried to support torture by quoting Jesus, and you couldn't be farther from the truth than that.  Pathetic.
Hateful? o.O  
I haven't made any hateful comments. Perhaps you read something out of context. I'm not getting "incredibly irritated," it's just that it was a bad misspelling I hadn't seen before. Sorry if I come across the wrong way.
&gt;we really have no idea if she did or not, do we?

Jesus said she did, I'll believe him this once.

Suffering is a good thing - Jesus suffered for us.
I guess that's why Jesus told the Pharisees to go ahead and stone the woman, because her suffering would serve God.

Oh. Wait.

Summary:
That's the point you don't get.
I think you are a terrorist, now you have no legal rights.
There never were any charges against bin Laden related to 911 - There was never a criminal investigation about 911.
So they dropped the charges against bin Laden?
&gt; never a criminal investigation about 911.
I know he told THE WOMAN, bobcat.
Since when do you need to give reasons to drop charges?
The "conspiracy theory" is looking more and more credible, if that's possible.
The irony is that they think they know what you don't know.
Thats the point, he's not thinking.
I don't need a conspiracy theory to believe that choice is a bad one, but for better or worse, there it is.
i still go for the conspiracy theory.
How does this say anything about it being an "inside" job?
That being said, I imagine the charges were dropped because of insufficient evidence, or something similar.
I would have thought that having reasons to press charges was more important.
*But lawyers for the defendant say they believe the charges were dropped because he "was tortured" under interrogation.
A guilty one, more like.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
