Original Response:
actually i don't complain about the seal hunt.
I never complained about the seal hunt either.
fak! I wanna murder those specific Chinese on the video doing that to the poor dogs and cats.  

And don't try to tell me those poor excuse for human beings don't deserve to be murdered.
They don't deserve to be murdered.
&gt; fak! I wanna murder those specific Chinese on the video doing that to the poor dogs and cats.

You're gonna have to get used to the idea that there are people in other countries who really don't give a flying fuck about what you think, whitey.
Not only do they deserve to be murdered, you deserve to be murdered.
You fail.  I'm Peruvian. I'm 28 and I've long gotten used to the idea.  That does not preclude me from wanting to stop those Chinese from ever making another animal suffer, asshole.
By that logic you deserve to be murdered as well.
Somebody save the pussies!!!
I hope the meat doesn't go to waste.  If it does that would be the real tragedy.
good, maybe lolseals will replace those annoying lolcats
That guy has the highest FPD (Fail-per-day) rate out of anyone on Reddit... and the competition is fierce, believe me.

He apparently believes that cultural relativism protects everyone except white people.
either your for all animal liberation or your just another fucking hypocrite.
I've been living a lie!!  Oh, the shame, oh the humanity...   

Oh, it's PeTA...  Man I hate those bastards.
And those tortured for cute pictures?
Animal liberation is a terrible idea.  What would we do with them all if we didn't eat them or wear them?
I know!  There's nothing ethical about PeTA.  However, fur sucks.  Leather is awesome.  Meat is delicious murder.  Fur just sucks.  Seriously, it's not even attractive.
Next thing you know they'd want to *vote*.
[deleted]
I've yet to see any lolseal captions so I don't see how this person can claim that people find baby seals to be cuter than cats.. I don't have an answer as to why it doesn't get as much attention, but it sure as hell isn't for that reason.
But I like seals better than cats.
I'm pretty sure he's just a shitty troll.
I have to call CRAP on this. Really. The person who wrote this does NOT HAVE A CLUE.

Item 1: they are killed inhumanely by electrocution (electrodes in the mouth and anus)

OK. Seriously. Whoever wrote that has never tried to hold a cranky cat, have they? Seriously you're not going to plunge a wire into it's arse and it's mouth without a significant fight. If they ARE being electrocuted, would be far easier to electrocute them as they do with sheep, in that slaughterhouse vid that was around a couple of months ago.

Gassing, or Lethal Injection &lt;-- Humane.

Neck Breaking. Again. Cats have teeth and claws. There are easier ways to do it.

Item 2: (china, taken to) mass slaughter houses where they are hung and skinned alive

Uh. Seriously. You don't think skinning a cat alive will have something to say about it? You HAVE to hang a creature by it's back legs to skin it properly.. How are you planning to hold it's front legs steady to skin it? (Hint: You can't)

Item 3: Beijing has over a 100 restaurants that sell Cat meat dishes ... over 150 family cats go missing every month in Beijing

From that you're meant to assume that out of a population of 17.43 million people (which is only a little bit behind the ENTIRE POPULATION OF AUSTRALIA), ONLY 100 cats a month get lost/stolen/hit by cars or eaten? Or are they trying to say that those 100 restaurants kill 1.5 cats a month to feed the voracious appetite of those 17.43 million people. 

Item 5: In Switzerland it's completely legal to shoot a cat as long as it's 200 yards from its home.

Sounds fair to me. Cats are fantastic predators. We don't let our cats out at night, which is when they want to roam. A cat's normal 'territory' is rarely bigger than 1 square km - 200 yards is roughly 3.3 square kilometers. Much bigger than a cats normal territory.

This has to be a joke: "Even residents of neighboring France complain about the fact that many of their cats go missing due to legal Swiss cat hunting."  GO LOOK AT A FUCKING MAP. If a cat is going to climb over the mountains that border France and Switzerland then I doubt very much that a simple bullet is going to take it out. I think more like a stake through it's heart.

I have no idea what sort of sick bastard would dream up this stuff, but that's what it is. 100% dreamed up.

--Rob
I have seen video footage of animals, cats and dogs, being skinned alive. Killing animals is barbaric and trying to justify it or dismiss it with the kind of stock rhetoric you see all over the place is not terribly sympathetic of you. 

It is a source of pointless cruelty for there to be any fur in the clothing markets of industrialised countries. Buy a fucking fleece already. 

There is no reason to defend using dead animals to provide anything for humans, we can meet our needs in other ways.
You complain about cats but millions of people are starving.  

You complain about starving people but some people are starving AND in jail.

You complain....
Rob,

They not only skin them alive they cook them alive with TORCHES.  

Do some research before you spew at the mouth.
Yeah we can eat the poor defenseless plants that can't even try to run away.

WHO WILL THINK OF THE PLANTS?

PS, that fleece you want so bad because it doesn't involve the torture of animals.... it probably involves the torture of humans.
You complain about the seals and cats yet continue to consume American livestock who [live and die in terrible conditions](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaWYRFJPbtY) at an alarming rate.

Remember, [Happy Cows Come From California!](http://www.newser.com/story/17762.html)
Actually none of this is dreamed up.  You can verify many of the facts with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, the BBC and the New York Times. The post is very accurate. 

Remember that the cat furriers in China get the cats in very poor condition so electrocution, strangulation and other methods are a lot easier to perform on a ten pound cat that hasn't eaten in days. You telling me that two guys can't hold a cat down that hasn't eaten in a couple of days? 

Switzerland borders France. Enough said.

Humans (omnivores) shouldn't be eating carnivores. When you consider that SARS and Bird Flu were both contracted by eating cat or cat like animals, it makes you wonder why people eat cat meat.  

Know what you're talking about before you speak.  The BBC, CBC and New York Times know a little more than you do.
Why complain about cats when you can just shut the fuck up!

Edit: Go do something about it!
Why complain about complaint when you can just shut the fuck up? Go do something about THEM.
That was pretty sad. I still hate cats, but I felt bad for the dogs. Reminds me of [Meet Your Meat.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIjanhKqVC4).
How can the animals be liberated when most of humanity is still enslaved to religious delusions of grandeur, statism, and the cult of the family.
[deleted]
The torture of humans is also bad. We will have to pay more for our fleeces so that others don't suffer. Use of animals does not alleviate any human suffering. 

Smart arse!
OK. I did.. It's crap. (Why would you want to eat something that's cooked with a torch? Geez. There are plenty of better ways)
Are you asking me to kill you?
They think fear and pain makes the meat taste better.
Just because 'someone' says it's true doesn't mean it is so. It doesn't matter wether it's the BBC or Fred, with the drinking problem, down the street. 

However, I do concede the point that maybe it might be SLIGHTLY plausible that because the cats are in a weak and dehydrated state that they would be easer to kill inhumanely. However, NOTHING is as easy as a canister of Carbon Monoxide.

Switzerland borders France: Yes. With a HUGE GREAT BIG (virtually un-inhabited) MOUNTAIN RANGE in the way. If the article had said 'Germany' then I would have left it as plausible. As I implied, any stray cat attempting to migrate from France to Switzerland is extremely unlikely to get very far before it succumbs to the cold and freezes to death. (Yet another good reason for keeping your cat inside)

Whilst I don't agree with 'omnivores shouldn't eat carnivores' I think you meant to say 'omnivores shouldn't eat carnivores that are SCAVENGERS' -- eg, crocodile, and possibly cat. I think that it's a good guideline, albeit not a rule.

And I doubt very much that the BBC, CBC and New York Times _do_ know. Otherwise they wouldn't be printing stuff with such obvious factual errors. I think they're being fed this stuff by something like PETA or one of the other lunatic special interest groups.
'Killing animals is barbaric' - I'm sorry. You fail the 'I have a clue' test. Humans are, as mentioned above, omnivores. We eat meat. It's a required part of our diet. If you don't eat meat you need to have a huge selection of rare and expensive vegetables to simulate the proteins found in meat. So, sorry. Fail. (I support you in trying to avoid unnecessary cruelty to animals.. And if all the Hindu's decided to give up Vegetarianism we'd have a worldwide meat crisis in days. But complaining because cattle is slaughtered humanely isn't working. Go protest against the 'kosher' meat that ISN'T killed humanely.)

Oh, I'm not saying that Fur is a good thing. I never said anything of the sort. I just tore apart the hyperbole that was said in that article. Go re-read it.

'meet our needs in other ways' - Really? Let's pick something at random.. Gelatine. Please provide an artificial way to produce Gelatine. Show your work. You will be graded.
OMG. That's actually true. I still haven't been able to find anything about cats being cooked with torches, but yes, there are some reports of people thinking that fear increases flavour. People are weird.

There's a link on the BBC about sheep being cooked with torches, after they'd been slaughtered, but that turns out to be incorrect. What actually happens is the blowtorch is used to sear the skin onto the carcass, and the meat and skin is then cooked. So there's no use removing the skin and THEN trying to cook it with torches. 

(I am trying to submit too fast, and I need to try again in 7 minutes)
Oh, I forgot to say: Where are these alleged videos? There's enough nutcases and sadists on the net so that if they did exist they'd be somewhere. But here's a hint - if you saw a creature hanging upside down with occasional jerking limb movements, it was dead.
No. In fact, if I were to follow my own advice it would be to make you shut up for complaining about the complainers. But really, I'm just in it for the lulz.
Pussy
I have seen animals dragged out of a sack and skinned whilst still disorientated. 

Although cats are difficult to restrain, when someone drags a cat out of a sack and starts hacking it's skin off it doesn't get to flail so much, I guess. 

Either way, if you could show me these videos did not represent the reality of cat fur production and that most cats were killed using catnip flavoured gas that put them to sleep feeling peaceful and contented, I would still object strongly. 

However "humanely" it is done, using animals to fulfil our needs, especially when we can fulfil those needs by other means, is wrong.
This is not cooking, only skinning them alive for fur.

http://www.peta.org/feat/ChineseFurFarms/index.asp

It happens.
Gelatine ici: 

http://www.vegsoc.org/info/gelling.html

And if you had no gelatin, what would happen?? 

Shit, no venison terrine!!! 

As to a test, where is there a test? I didn't take a test to join Reddit. Spouting interweb jargons like "the 'I have a clue' test" or "fail" hardly demonstrates a mastery of dialectical skill. 

Humans are indeed omnivores, we *can* eat anything. We don't *need* to eat everything tho. You can get all the protein you need from beans, lentils and vegetables, if you are a body builder you can have some more beans. You don't need to spend more money to eat a vegetarian diet (I base this assumption on living in a "Western" economy). 

The same Hindus (you fail the "I know how to use an apostrophe" test) you mention, I believe it's the Brahmin caste who are vegetarians, are quite healthy. India is one country I have visited where being a vegetarian is very easy and malnutrition is not a feature of a vegetarian diet, it's a feature of poverty.
They say you should never argue with an idiot. Because they'll bring you down to their level and beat you with experience.  

The NY  Times, BBC and CBC corporation have more credibility than you or Fred the drunk. 

A couple of things.  The town of Divonne-les-Bains is one of many border towns that have filed formal complaints with the French SPA.  There are many more towns that have filed complaints due to missing animals.  How's your geography?   

My comments about humans eating meat eating animals was completely correct.  Humans do not possess the correct pathogens to metabolize and effectively digest meat eating animals.  

Instead of sitting there and disagreeing with everything that I'm saying, why don't you actually take the time to research your comments before you speak.  

Quite frankly, I'm not interested if you agree with me or the post. Try and disprove one point in that post with real proof and not just your uninformed opinion.  It's easy to sit there and say that everyone is wrong without having the proof.
[deleted]
Pussy? How am I supposed to make you shut up? This is the *internet*.

Don't you know? Nobody wins here.
Pussy
Moron.
Pussy
But you said:

They not only skin them alive they cook them alive with TORCHES.

...
Disprove: Well, that's exactly my point. The post runs against common sense, and isn't believable. I pointed out the factual errors. It's YOUR job to prove them.  I do my best, but you keep claiming stuff without proof. I've tried googling 'Divonne-les-Bains' with various combinations of SPA, RSPCA, SPCA, cat, etc. Nothing. Admittedly, I don't read french, so that is a disadvantage.

:Humans do not possess the correct pathogens to metabolize and effectively digest meat eating animals.:

I'd like to see something that backs up that statement too. Not just something from Peta. Some study with people who actually know what they're saying, and have degrees and published papers. You know, the normal stuff you'd expect for extraordinary claims.

I'm disagreeing with you NOT because I'm a habitual disagreer. I'm disagreeing with you because you're claiming stuff that goes against common sence, without offering any proof. In the case of outrageous claims, the requirement of proof falls on the claim-ER, not the person who doesn't believe.  Even though I have been googling madly trying to find some evidence to back up these ludicrous claims, I haven't been able to find any.  So, the burden of proof falls to you. 

(Extraordinary Claims require Extraordinary Proof.)
And that's NOT CATS. My _entire_ point is that I find it _extremely_ unlikely that this happens to cats. 

Also: Note that Peta is regarded, around the world, as a bunch of lunatics who make ludicrous claims with little proof. Just because _you_ think that what they say is true, doesn't make it so.

Again. I don't support the fur trade. I think it's disgusting. I'd never buy any fur product. But making stuff up to try to prove a point only DESTROYS your point, when people discover that you're full of shit. If 90% of what you say is crap, and people are able to easily prove that 90% of what you say is crap, then they assume that the other 10% is crap too. Even if it's not.
I sure did!
But then you said:
This is not cooking, only skinning them alive for fur.

See my confusion here?
I sure don't!
At what point does cooking them with torches not equal cooking them with torches then?
At what point does "this video doesn't show the torches" equal "they never use torches!"
Gimme a break...I'll refer back to the first line of my previous reply.  Good luck with your Googling.  Clearly the Chicago Tribune, The NY Times, the BBC, the Canadian Broadcasting Coproration and the Facekitty.com (amongst others) blog are all wrong.
...Perhaps I should just take your first line to heart, not as an attack on me, but as a statement of yourself. 

All I'm asking for is for some proof. You've provided none. I've explained why the statements in the Facekitty blog are implausible. You haven't addressed any of them (other people have - and I've responded to them)

Handwavium at the BBC isn't proof, FYI.

(Edit: Giving up. You keep claiming that something is true, and I keep asking for proof. You keep refusing, and attacking me ad hominem. So until you can actually prove something, don't bother responding. Read my previous posts about what 'proof' is)
Here's something better to complain about...

The owner of facekitty, (Melanie Walters) and the scumbag "wenwon" (Wendell Waldron wendell@iolmarketing.com) who made this post and is the owner iolmarketing.com, are two scumbag thieves who hire people for work and then never pay them.

Summary:
You don't think skinning a cat alive will have something to say about it?
Not only do they deserve to be murdered, you deserve to be murdered.
But I like seals better than cats.
You complain about cats but millions of people are starving.
You fail the 'I have a clue' test.
This is not cooking, only skinning them alive for fur.
(Why would you want to eat something that's cooked with a torch?
Why complain about cats when you can just shut the fuck up!
But then you said:
This is not cooking, only skinning them alive for fur.
actually i don't complain about the seal hunt.
I have seen video footage of animals, cats and dogs, being skinned alive.
I never complained about the seal hunt either.
They don't deserve to be murdered.
At what point does cooking them with torches not equal cooking them with torches then?
I never said anything of the sort.
Not just something from Peta.
You complain about starving people but some people are starving AND in jail.
Just because _you_ think that what they say is true, doesn't make it so.
I don't support the fur trade.
I do my best, but you keep claiming stuff without proof.
Oh, I'm not saying that Fur is a good thing.
I wanna murder those specific Chinese on the video doing that to the poor dogs and cats.
Edit: Go do something about it!
Use of animals does not alleviate any human suffering.
I pointed out the factual errors.
You keep claiming that something is true, and I keep asking for proof.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.16
