Original Response:
I have to be honest, I'm a little more skeptical than that, but it would be nice to see it end.
Good thing Bush still has the Democrats to back him up.
Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid will help Bush out here. to be sure.
That's pretty funny, but also sad.
Maybe, just maybe, Republicans can start acting like Republicans again.
[deleted]
The Republicans voted "Present" on the measure, NOT because they didn't support war funding,  but because the dems bypassed committee and added legislation from the Democratic agenda. Thus, the Republicans were in a bind: they couldn't vote for the measure without voting for items they were opposed to, but couldn't vote no because then they'd be voting down a war bill, alienating their base.

While I'm very left leaning and IMMENSELY opposed to the war, calling it an erosion of the political base is inaccurate. It was a slimy political move by the Dems, not an act of conscience by the Republican minority.
&gt; The Republicans are going to face, as Tom Matzzie said, extinction, because they kept the war going.

What about the 85 democrats who voted for the bill? Shouldn't they get to go extinct, too?
Oh.
CIVICS!!!!


The republicans didn't vote to make a political point, it had nothing to do with how they feel about the war.  They wanted to make clear that democrats don't support the troops/the war.

Why did they want to do this?  Because the democrats have recently won three special elections in VERY VERY republican districts.   Tuesday being the most recent.  The republicans voted present to remind the base, which makes up the districts mentioned, why they should vote republican.  

You'll notice that the war funding FAILED to pass when the democrats voted on it.  It didn't even get close, Pelosi, and Obey voted against it.  However, a bunch of dems did vote for it.

You are all correct war funding will come up again.  You're all wrong when you think that it's coming up because Pelosi wants it to.  It would come up regardless.  Here's why, a simple majority of the house, 218 members, can bring ANY bill to the floor for a vote at any time.  They do this by filing a discharge petition.  The Republicans have filed a ton of them this year but they have failed to get the required number of dems to pass.  

A war funding discharge petition would get the required number of dems.  They wouldn't be the ones you all complain about all the time though.  Pelosi and Hoyer certainly wouldn't sign it.  Neither would any of the other liberal minded democrats.  Alas, the democrats are a coalition party right now.  They have fairly conservative to very liberal members.  The fairly conservative ones would sign a discharge petition to get a war funding bill out of committee.  

So, what does Pelosi do?  She can stand on principle and not bring a funding bill forward and have one get discharged out or she can bring one herself.  If she allows a discharge petition to pass it makes her look VERY weak, which is bad for her and it would make keeping her caucus together that much more difficult.  So, she takes the criticism from places like reddit and brings the bill (that would come anyway) herself.  Thereby minimizing the political damage to herself and democratic priorities.

Everyone should note that the majority of dems voted against funding the war (actually voted against it, didn't vote present) and voted for implementing a hard time line for withdrawal and increasing unemployment/veterans benefits.

The war won't end because of this.  The senate will reattach funding and the bill will come back to the House.  When it does, the republicans and some dems will vote for it and the war will be funded.  

Everyone should note that aside from the political angle, minority leader Boehner said in a press conference that the republicans voted against war funding not because they don't want to fund the war but because they want to send the president a clean bill.  This means they won't vote for a bill with a time line for withdrawal included or an increase in veterans benefits.
That's the same news I'm hearing.  The measure is coming up for vote again next week - excluding the items that the Republicans were protesting.  The "Present" voters are hanging on until then to vote for more war funding.
The Republicans were protesting the Democrats adding Democratic agenda items to the bill. It wasn't because they opposed the war.
This isn't actually true.  The bill was broken up into 3 amendments that were voted on independently.  

1. War Funding
2. Time Line for withdrawal
3. Veterans benefits/unemployment

The democratic leadership was very clever.  They made it very easy for the republicans to vote for war funding and against the stuff from the democratic agenda. The repubs chose not to.  

The democratic leadership expected all three amendments to pass and the bill to go to the senate.  The republicans would have been able to say, "we voted for unconditional funding for the troops, unfortunately, the dems outnumber us."  They to make a political point instead.
Why the down mods??  Everything I said is true.
Wrong conclusion...just more political games --- from both sides
It's a nice dream, but that's all.  This war will continue and soon extend into Iran, until it consumes the entire Middle East (and probably the world).
No, they aren't. And they won't until we kick out the neocons.
That one was for whining.
The problem is not the neo-cons.

The problem is that the Republican party has become the "party of stupid."

To cite just one issue: it's not a neo-con idea to think that a good economy should justify tax cuts to "give the money back to taxpayers", and a bad economy should justify tax cuts to "stimulate the economy", and the deficit should be fixed sometime in the distant future by cutting "wasteful government spending" that seems never to include huge amounts of non-Iraq defense spending.

The Republicans have nothing to run on other than talking about how awful and liberal the Democrats are, and how the atheist married French-speaking gays are going to take away all your guns if you don't vote Republican.
*zzz...zzz...zzz*

Sorry, what, I though you Americans voted the Democrats in to do this a while back...


What happened?
Fair enough.
I laughed after reading your comment, then I died a little inside after realizing it is true....
Heard it all before

Believe it when I see it.
I can't believe people call what we're doing in Iraq a "war".  It's an insult to all wars everywhere.
Had the bill gone to the president's desk, however, it would have been a single package. The bill was designed to get a veto from Bush, so that he would have to effectively veto war funding.

Or at least that's the Republican argument:

http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/24645781/page/2/
&gt;*"Success [in military operations] is defined as the attainment of political objectives in a reasonable time, at bearable cost, and with public support until the end. These criteria have become the bottom line in our time. Any other outcome equates to failure. Failure is cruel. It ignores the elegance of tactical performance, the good intentions, and the devotion and sacrifice of individual members of the armed forces and their families throughout the country. Failure is corrosive."* -- Gen William E. Depuy, USA (Ret.)

By that measure, the Iraq war is a failure, no matter how Bush tries to spin it.

It was a limited political objective to begin with, which means the country's tolerance for achieving that objective was already bounded.  Coupled with the lack of foresight and the strategic and political blunders made by the administration, it's no wonder so many people feel we're not on the right track in this country.
One can hope.
Yes that's pretty much true.  Although I think it was less to make Bush veto war funding (he's done that before and everyone knows he's for the war) and more to make him veto a withdrawal strategy.  This pretty much makes it look like the republicans are keeping the war going against the will of the American people, at least that's the intent.  

Furthermore, I think it's good that the dems are sending legislation they believe in even though they know it will get vetoed, it gives them some credibility with their constituents.

Also, the repubs not voting for this bill didn't really effect what gets sent to the pres.  What will really determine what gets sent over is up to the Senate and what they decide to strip out.  The House has the votes to send a bill with all 3 provisions even if all the repubs vote against it.
&gt;couldn't vote no because then they'd be voting down a war bill, alienating their base.

Their base is still in favor of the war?
Isn't it ass backwards to create a bill funding the war in hopes that the president vetoes it?  Do you really need to be able to say, "see, see, the president doesn't want us to" before you can stop doing it?
You're right...this article kinda missed its mark.

But when the Dem agenda is to provide better veterans benefits, and the Republicans only want to spend the money on "stabilizing" oilraq...

I'm sorry... who supports our troops again?
THIS is the real reason why so many voted no:

"The Senate Appropriations Committee on Thursday added to an Iraq spending bill a controversial provision to help pave the way for undocumented agriculture workers to win legal status, a move that may reopen the divisive immigration debate on the Senate floor. 

The so-called Ag-Jobs amendment, sponsored by Sens. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) and Larry Craig (R-Idaho), would create a process that allows undocumented workers to continue to work on farms. Without the amendment, Feinstein warned that the U.S. would lose $5-9 billion to foreign competition, tens of thousands of farms would shut down and 80,000 workers would be transferred to Mexico. The bill would sunset in five years. 

"Agriculture needs a consistent workforce," Feinstein said. "Without it, they can't plant, they can't prune, they can't pick and they can't pack. 

"This is an emergency situation," she added. 

The amendment was approved by a 17-12 vote with defections from both parties. Critics say the amendment amounts to amnesty for people who entered the country illegally. A broader comprehensive immigration overhaul, with a path for citizenship for the nation's estimated 12 million illegal immigrants, failed in a divisive Senate vote last year. 

"No matter how one characterizes it, this enormous amendment still amounts to amnesty," said Chairman Robert Byrd (D-W.Va.). "I oppose amnesty. All these immigration issues should be addressed through the regular order." "
What are you talking about?  While I am sure this is humor, it isn't humor that references a hard reality.

edit:  I will give you the conservative Blue Dogs Dems but they are not the entire party.
[deleted]
You're damned if you do and damned if you don't.  Welcome to politics.
I'll bet Ron Paul voted no. Anyone know where to find the roll call?
It's also going to end b/c it's financially unsustainable.
The Republicans voted "Present" on the measure, NOT because they didn't support it, and NOT because the dems added "legislation," but because they want to force another vote on this in late October, just before the election.

It wasn't a slimy move by the Dems, it was playing games with our troops' safety by the Republicans.
I'd prefer they start acting like Libertarians instead.  I don't even know what 'Republican' and 'Conservative' mean anymore, but I know I sure as hell don't trust either.
"slimy political"

redundancy is redundant.
Troops are deployed and dying on foreign soil.
I cannot believe Larry Craig is still a Senator.
How are you damned if you stop introducing bills or voting for bills that fund the war?
You're damned if you introduce bills knowing they will be vetoed as a waste of time, you are also damned if you compromise over the war by allowing it to continue in some form, you are again damned if you don't support the troops or set policies to lead to a Fall of Saigon scenario.
I doubt you will find anyone dumb enough to take you up on that bet being that his name is Dr. No!

Heck its extremely rare that I hear about him voting yes on anything.
And thank god someone in this bullshit congress has the backbone to vote "no", and try to preserve some vestiges of our liberty.
But there is no declaration of war. So it is an illegal police action and it is againt a longstanding Foreign policy, out the crazies(neo-cons) and anyone who supports them in any fashion.

We want our country back.
Because the Bush-NeoCon-Facist regime can't win a war that isn't really a war. It's a money-maker and power move. It has nothing to do with making peace. The oil is running out, and the pigs need more money. It's proven they've financially drained the American public, and have deceived themselves into a corner. Look what happened to Hitler when he tried to take over the world! Failure at its finest
I think your answer to my question is that it's seen as not supporting the troops.  Seems to me the only people still launching such attacks are Congresspeople who are afraid of recieving such attacks themselves.
What do you mean "what are you talking about"?
Have you looked at the voting records of the house and senate?
A war doesn't stop being a war just because it's illegal. Then it's just an illegal war.
Ok, then the truth is that anyone who votes to continue this"Illegal war" is a criminal, and should be arrested. And supporting criminal activities against our troops is not supporting them at all.

So, neither the dems or the repubs are supporting the troops if they support funding. They are in reality causing them to be put in danger for no reason or illegal reason, and that is also a criminal act.

Either way, it is NOT supporting the troops. People need to look at this realisticaly, stop the funding and bring our trops home.
Not when the bill includes things that Bush wouldn't want tagged on, like the timeline for withdrawl.
In this sense, World War 2 is still raging, as we are still in Japan and Germany.
This is one of the most inaccurate titles on an article i've ever seen. People should open their own links and actually read the article themselves before deciding on a mischievous title to get upvotes...
Yes, but with the Republicans abstaining the antiwar Democrats can actually win a vote.  Haven't you been paying attention?
and the other option is so much cheaper?
the war is also unsustainable due to the department of veterans affairs continued fucking over those who serve in combat.

in the case of the vietnam veteran ..you were given one year to prove claims even if no doctor would really look at you. 

in the case of the desert storm veterans the usa using wmd brought hardship back to families of the veterans to catch illness and this was to be "studied" for as many decades as it took.

as of the present war, these veterans have 2 years of free care, but appointments have been 1 year apart since BEFORE THE WAR....
our solidiers are currently fucked by the Department of Veterans Affairs who have had nothing but hatred vented to those who serve in combat since THE KOREAN WAR.

we are destined to lose in the long run by the son of bitches inside america.

shall we mention preston bush dealing with hitler?

right on!   we need a war here, now!
Gays aren't allowed to be Senators?
&gt; Gays aren't allowed to be Senators?

Not god-fearing *Republican* senators, they aren't. 

Gag.
You can't arrest legislators for voting. That's pretty basic to the whole separation of powers.
with vietnam, that's 2 you lost boy...

Can't believe USA lost against Iraq. Stop caring about collateral damage. Kill'em all.

/that felt good.
Pelosi and the corporate democrats.  Two-sides of the same coin.
This is karmic irony; they keep him in the senate, and he sponsors an amendment that holds up an Iraq war funding bill. Beauty!
[deleted]
Thats just because they're getting ready for a new war.
That's not the reason the Republicans refused to vote.
Bush's timeline for with-drawl is 24/7.  It's withdrawal that he's doesn't want.
The war isn't "politically unsustainable".  It's FINANCIALLY unsustainable.
I was watching the reps talk about it on CSPAN... and it really really shocked me how the reps thought.

One of the D's had the floor and was explaining how "since the president doesn't want to bring the troops back there's nothing we can do".

*Bull shit*. I thought. *simply make a law that says "we are no longer at war with Iraq and our troops shall be brought home immediately"*.  How hard is that?

Why doesn't the house treat themselves like THEY are the ones with power (as intended)
The Constitution is the SUPREME LAW OF THE LAND. They are criminals by the Constitution, so their votes to go against the supreme law is grounds for arrest , trial and punishment.
occupation
No, they cannot be arrested for voting to enact statutes which are unconstitutional; what happens is the law itself is found to be unconstitutional by the courts, and it is as if the law was never passed.

The *most basic fact* about representative democracy is that the representatives can vote however they want, and the only remedy is that the voters can choose someone else at the next election.

Can you point to a single example in the history of the U.S. where anyone in Congress was arrested for how he or she voted?
I understand you point, my point is that someone who swore to uphold the law of the land should be held accountable for trying to go against that law they swore to uphold.

I understand you point. I am talking principles. Something most Americans do not believe in anymore, and we will pay a terrible prices for it.
I'd rather the Congress at least follow principles based on some basic knowledge of how democratic legislatures should operate, thanks.

The idea that a legislator could be arrested based on how he votes is absolutely contrary to democratic principles. It allows the executive power to threaten the legislature with arrest if they don't vote as the executive wants.
You know what, I am sickofthisshit also. Your pansy ass needs an ass wipping if you are so stupid that you cant even get the idea of a principle. You are as stupid as you sound.

You agree that following the law is good in one sentence and then say it is stupid in the next. Legislators should follow the supreme law above all. Until we start following laws and stop allowing Legislators to do whatever the fuck THEY want, there will be no end to this problem. I never said they sould answer to the executive branch you retard.  I said they should be arrested for voting , writing, or pushing legislation that is contrary to the supreme law, which is the Constitution of the United States of America.

You pussies need to wake up before there is no country to wake up to.

Bush needs to be arrested, and this pussy ass congress needs to be arrested also for the bullshit they have pulled over the last 8 years.

Warrantless wiretaps, data mining, torture, fearmongering , lying to start wars (illegal ones I might add) Theft, Murder, Destruction of the Constitution which THEY swore to uphold and defend.

You weak ass punks need to grow a set and become the men you wish and think you are.

"democratic principles" is based on the Constitution, nothing else, Learn some history and facts retard.

It is a shame that there a lot of redditors out here that knows what is going on and do nothing but sit on their fat asses and do nothing, trying to justify what is going on. This country will go down the drain because pussies like you want to appease the criminals in D.C. and support the assholes that keep you down for their own success.

Their game is to go against what the People want, and the People have become pussies and stopped demanding that OUR government do as the people wishes.

You assume that we have no power, but WE hold the purse strings and control this country, you dumbasses are just too weak and stupid to realize it. 

Our founding Fathers would have YOU and the politicians of this day hung for treason.

We, as a country deserve what is coming to us. Because what used to be the "Land of the free and home of the brave" is now Land of the cowards and home of the slave!

You morons have the tail wagging the dog!
Where does the Constitution enumerate the punishments for voting for unconstitutional laws, and enumerate the process for determining unconstitutionality, and the process for trying these offenses?
Obviously you did not read any further.If you had, you would have read this:"I understand you point, my point is that someone who swore to uphold the law of the land should be held accountable for trying to go against that law they swore to uphold.

I understand you point. I am talking principles. Something most Americans do not believe in anymore, and we will pay a terrible prices for it."

Read before you run your mouth.
How are you proposing that they "be held accountable" ?
I think you should calm down and try to understand how democratic systems should work, and what mechanisms are in place to keep them working. They don't work because of anger, they work because of bedrock legal principles that you still show no sign of grasping. Those principles determine who has the power to arrest whom, and who does not. 

Hanging duly elected legislators "for treason" on the basis of how they vote is the road to violent revolution which cannot lead to anywhere good. Who would control the noose? Who elects the hangman?

Grow up.
They are not working now. What is working for the people right now? Nothing, I am for peacefull solutions, but the criminals in the government have the "Right" to fuck the people at will,but you are right, this country will do nothing about it until it is too late, just as history has taught from the past.

We do not have a democratic system anymore. I am very well versed in this, and it just pisses me off when the "Elites" just keep taking when they have no right to, they can break laws and nothing happens. Half the time the news dosent even report it.

I am frustrated with the Government that runs our country, the one I served for years.

Summary:
we need a war here, now!
When it does, the republicans and some dems will vote for it and the war will be funded.
The republicans didn't vote to make a political point, it had nothing to do with how they feel about the war.
The war isn't "politically unsustainable".
You can't arrest legislators for voting.
The war won't end because of this.
The "Present" voters are hanging on until then to vote for more war funding.
What about the 85 democrats who voted for the bill?
I can't believe people call what we're doing in Iraq a "war".
The Republicans voted "Present" on the measure, NOT because they didn't support war funding,  but because the dems bypassed committee and added legislation from the Democratic agenda.
The fairly conservative ones would sign a discharge petition to get a war funding bill out of committee.
The senate will reattach funding and the bill will come back to the House.
You are all correct war funding will come up again.
We want our country back.
It wasn't because they opposed the war.
They are not working now.
That's not the reason the Republicans refused to vote.
They made it very easy for the republicans to vote for war funding and against the stuff from the democratic agenda.
They wanted to make clear that democrats don't support the troops/the war.
This pretty much makes it look like the republicans are keeping the war going against the will of the American people, at least that's the intent.
A war funding discharge petition would get the required number of dems.
They to make a political point instead.
Good thing Bush still has the Democrats to back him up.
You'll notice that the war funding FAILED to pass when the democrats voted on it.
The democratic leadership expected all three amendments to pass and the bill to go to the senate.
Why did they want to do this?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.19
