Original Response:
WTF is wrong with you reddit? There was only 6 hot teacher votes under the pic before I added one to make 7.
[deleted]
Teachers have an enourmous amount of power over students and there needs to be laws to protect said students from abuse of that power.
i agree 100%. 10 years ago i was arrested, at 17, for possession of tobacco. In the state of michigan, anybody arrested at 17, for any crime, is charged as an adult. I faced 93 days in jail, being charged as an adult, for a crime that an adult CANNOT COMMIT.

That was the ultimate double standard. I of course got off the charges, but still. the fact that the charges COULD HAVE held up....ridiculous.
Trying a minor "as an adult" is nonsense, period. I don't know why it's tolerated.
There are fewer convictions against female aggressors because juries are less likely to convict female aggressors because they think that there are fewer female aggressors because there are fewer convictions.
What a hip, "with it," and super engaging interacto-involving way you phrased that subject line. That totally, like, makes the news more, like, awesome, dude.
Yes, but...

was she hot?
I have to disagree with the article. The boy was 17.  In other words, he was - at the most - 364 days away from this not being a crime.  Note that the only crime here is a matter of 364 days. Thats it. A crime nonetheless, but again, it was consensual, and off by 364 days. There were no victims here (unless you think 364 days shy of 18 makes this boy a victim).  If we cant see some leniency here, something is amiss.
nicccceeee
[deleted]
[deleted]
cops around my apartment complex just plain LOVED to fuck with us when we were kids :)
2x agree 
(when upvoting just isn't enough).
The point isn't that the boy was 17, its that if the sexes were reversed, the male teacher would be facing a full 15 years in prison.
and because female chastity is held to be a sacred virtue and male chastity is not. and because women are small and, actual children aside, they'd have a hard time actually raping men for the most part. and possibly, terrifyingly, because they DON'T DO IT MUCH.
I'm 17.

If this happened to me, I would be no victim.
I'd be the fucking MAN.
[deleted]
niiiiiice.
&gt;and because women are small and, actual children aside, they'd have a hard time actually raping men for the most part.

Not really.  Women are perfectly capable of drugging men.

&gt;and possibly, terrifyingly, because they DON'T DO IT MUCH.

It's really not as rare as some would have you believe.
http://www.jimhopper.com/male-ab/#fem


But the claim of female virtue is certainly a defense.
http://reddit.com/info/6j07z/comments/
Why "unable to"? Maybe she's not into men of her own age, with all their hangups and ideas.

Or, maybe she is a teacher through and through.
Yes.
...What is attractive about a 17 year old boy from a 29 year old woman's perspective? Nothing wholesome. Acne perhaps?
Wow, this is great:

http://www.hvjournal.com/articles.php?id=1375

&gt;She hopes to make learning enjoyable for the students and make an impact in their lives.

check and check.
And what's attractive about a 29 year old woman to a 17 year old boy? Different strokes for different folks.
Did I strike a nerve perhaps, young man?
[deleted]
Does the fact these guys run a blog solely about teachers having sex with students bother anyone else?

These guys seem creepier than the actual "offenders" themselves. These people haven't even all been convicted, just accused. What a god damn witch hunt.
&gt; What is attractive about a 17 year old boy from a 29 year old woman's perspective? 

The kid can get it up five times in an hour.  29 year old men can't do that any more.
So it's not possible for a 17 year old and a 29 year old to be in a relationship for legitimate reasons?

Why is it so difficult for people to understand that if two people are happy with a relationship it's no-one else's business?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Welcome to reddit?
But how much harm was really done here?  Is the student's life ruined?  Is he going to spend years recovering from this abuse of power?  It's very hard for me to believe this was totally non-consensual on the part of the 17 year old.  

I don't think so.  The teacher did take advantage of a position of power, and was punished for that.
&gt;Not really. Women are perfectly capable of drugging men.

Irrelevant.  We are discussing the punishment of consensual sex between woman and teenaged boys, not druggings and rapings where the teenaged boy was not a conscious/willing participant.
Or perhaps they have the common sense to realize that the male participant was a willing and eager participant.
High school teachers have a very small amount of power over students.  By the time one reached high school, he is no longer a trusting and impressionable child.
I'm 30 and I can get it up just as easily as when I was 15...it's called being in shape (exercise).
Enthusiasm.

Enthusiasm and gratitude.

And beauty and youthful vigor and powerful sex drive.

Oh, and personality.  Even 17-year-olds can have enjoyable personalities.

Other than that?  A control fantasy and nothing more.

Unless it's also a matter of opportunity.  I mean, it could be partly chance.

Other than that?  It has to be about control.
&gt;Or, maybe she is a teacher through and through.

Sigh.. wish my teachers adopted a more  hands on approach like this one..
&gt;This is ridiculous. The amount of leniency in this case makes me sick to my stomach

Wait..

so the poster is *complaining* that the girl *didn't get more jail time??

WTF???
&gt; I'd be the fucking MAN.

That's the spirit!

Female teacher plus male student plus sex equals *a good coming of age story*
Well if it had happened in the UK he;d have already been a year over the statutory age for consensual adult sex - go figure..
Read harder.

He's complaining how the extreme leniency in this case so clearly demonstrates the un-just dual standard that exists under what should be equal protection (and equal prosecution, and equal punishment) under the law.
I think that's kind of the point, that if it's a male student it is assumed the male wanted it, is not harmed by it, and has no issues with it.

Meanwhile it is assumed that if it is a female student she was abused, degraded, had her innocence and chastity and honor and etc etc taken away from her. It was stolen against her consent. And even if she said yes, the man should have known better.

It goes to the fact that in this ass-backward country we still have victorian and puritan hang-ups as well as still thinking of young women as property - to take the virginity or honor of a woman is to devalue her - a theft from her father/family. Which is quaint and outdated, yet we still seem to follow it.

The point being that we need to stop knee-jerk reactions - especially in a place (the court) that should be responsible to judiciously deal out punishment in a fair, equitable, and unbiased manner. That clearly is not the case currently.
Behold the beauty of threaded comments. While the article is about consensual sex between a woman and teenage boy, this thread is about society's unwillingness to accept women as sexual aggressors.

Not irrelevant.
But... She's a woman !
But... She's hot !
&gt; I'd be the fucking MAN.

Yeah. Literally!
[deleted]
I wish my hot teacher would have exercised that power on me sexually when I was in high school. This bio teacher was a hot 23 yr old woman teaching sex ed. Man, we were all drooling. She knew it and really hated it I guess (going by her expressions). I had my own sex ed class happening after bio in the computer lab running porn downloaded from a BBS on a 1.44 floppy drive. Come to think of it even the computer teacher was damn hot. Miss Delhi or something... This was in India back in 1995, grade 9...

I like the part where they did it in the backyard!
that's feminism for ya!
Shit man, I'm "unable to get it" from anyone, including kids, gilfs, republicans, or even creationists.
Or most states in the US. It's 17 in NY, lower in some states. What's up with Utah?
http://www.hvjournal.com/articles.php?id=1375
isnt all sex/relationships?
Your argument  assumes that teenage boys are capable of consent, at ages and under circumstances during which it would  be assumed that girls would be incapable of consenting.
cops fucking with the populace just because? i can hardly believe that.
Even if he was 18, it would probably still be a crime - an 'improper relationship between and and a student'. A similar [article](http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/APStories/stories/D90L1DMG0.html) from the [same site](http://www.jailbeta.com/article/joy-blackstock-arrested-sex-18-year-old-male-student-295.html) reports that a 23 year old teacher was charged for having sex with her 18 year old student. 

For comparison, my wife and I are the same difference in age, and we started dating when I was only two years older than that student.
They also have a "Hot Teacher Vote" for articles that include a photo. I'm not sure what to make of that.
&gt;The teacher did take advantage of a position of power, and was punished for that.

So suspend her or fire her or something. Don't make a freaking *crime*.
The headline came directly from the original article.
[deleted]
simply reverse the genders.
&gt;Read harder.

Tried that but people in the library kept giving me dirty looks
True, but you are forgetting that females are only equal unless they're not.
Well, we would still have to lock her in prison and throw away the key, just to be fair to all the male statutory rapists.
"Women have it. Men want it. What is *it*?" - Camille Paglia
Not Pam Smart.
The author of this post wants to ruin the life of somebody who didn't do anything harmful because to do otherwise would be to admit that boys are different than girls.  Yuck.  Downmodded.

If you want to strike a blow for equality, take a shit in the women's restroom instead.  I'm sure feminists will appreciate you for it.
Yet ANOTHER case where the stone-wall age of consent makes criminal what obviously isn't.

Seriously, if you think a female teacher would have to to resort to criminal actions to get her male students to screw her, you've got your head on backwards. And at 17 99.9999% of American males are quite intelligent and informed enough to decide.
'Stat rape' laws should be cut down by several years, or at least amended in the case of younger males banging older females. As they are they are leftovers from a very outmoded society that ain't coming back.
Then you need to travel a little. Go ask black communities in the South how the cops used to treat them, and for how little provocation. Or about police interrogation techniques used before 1950. There'll be stories enough for a lifetime.

Incidentally, I'm a staunch WN, but I despise anyone who uses their authority to become a 'legal crook'. Partly because the bully-boy attitude helped foment the thug culture.
...while male teacher plus female student plus sex equals twenty years in prison.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah, but bitching about low conviction rates and short sentences for female 'aggressors' compared to the males is going to accomplish nothing but increase those convictions and jail terms.  Not a step in the right direction.
Agreed.
&gt;Yeah, but bitching about low conviction rates and short sentences for female 'aggressors' compared to the males is going to accomplish nothing but increase those convictions and jail terms. 

Of women?

I'm okay with that.

I think that WOULD be a step in the right direction.
Rape? the boy did not consent? Bullshit!
Look, it's Mr. Self-Righteous Boner Bragger Guy!
Yeah, they only decide what college the kid gets accepted into by grading her/him.

If I'm in an uncomfortable situation at work, I can just say fuck it, quit and get another job. No such luck for kids, they don't have that legal right.

Laws or licensing rules are also in place to protect people in other situations where the power equation is similarly unevenly distributed. Such as doctors, shrinks, social case workers, police, judges, prosecuters, prison guards etc and their "clients".
&gt; isnt all sex/relationships?

What?  About control?  No.
It's not unheard of for people to drug people.
I'm okay with that, if you also scrap child support laws where the underage person is male.

edit: and make the laws gender-neutral.
huh? Could you please explain, I'm not quite making the connection between the typical horny young man and child support...
Mrs. Robinson (28) seduces Pimply Paul (14) and gets pregnant.  She chooses not to abort.

She also chooses to accept child support that the state offers on Paul's behalf.

&gt;II. "YES, YOU WERE UNDERAGE. NOW PAY YOUR CHILD SUPPORT."

&gt;What if, however, the man is legally incapable of "intending" to have sexual intercourse because he is underage? Is he still liable for child support? Again, the answer is yes.

http://menforjustice.net/cms/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=60&amp;Itemid=48
But then you would be in jail!
Oh-kay! *Now I get it.* Thank you. Blond moment there.
[deleted]
Agreed, he returned for a 5th course.
...or a good porn storyline.
...although it is widely accepted that females mature faster than males and would often rather have an older boyfriend.
There were definitely worse things that could have happened to me at age 17.
Did she blackmail him?

Like, "How high of a grade do you want on that exam/homework?"
yes, for exposing him to std and child support risks before he is old enough to fully comprehend those risks.
For consensual sex with a minor?  Great, compound the injustice.
Are you kidding me?
Why would I give a fuck about whether she can get older men? She can be a virgin for all I care.
Having sex with someone way older than me, be it a teacher, a MILF, or whatever, would make me the MAN to all my friends.

And why would you want the names of my teachers? I have a lot of hot teachers.
[deleted]
He was a young horny kid.  He was vulnerable and she took advantage of that vulnerability.

As you yourself said:

&gt;Is it pretty hugely unethical to fuck your students? No doubt. 

Here's where we split:

&gt;...but I'm gonna agree with you on the fact that this is really only nominally a crime.

It is her role as a teacher to understand that there are dangers with sex - stds and pregnancy, child support and emotional attachment that she can't return because she's married to someone else.

Summary:
I have a lot of hot teachers.
But then you would be in jail!
Yes, but...

was she hot?
29 year old men can't do that any more.
the boy did not consent?
If this happened to me, I would be no victim.
Or, maybe she is a teacher through and through.
I'd be the fucking MAN.
And what's attractive about a 29 year old woman to a 17 year old boy?
I'm not sure what to make of that.
And why would you want the names of my teachers?
High school teachers have a very small amount of power over students.
&gt; I'd be the fucking MAN.
Why would I give a fuck about whether she can get older men?
The point isn't that the boy was 17, its that if the sexes were reversed, the male teacher would be facing a full 15 years in prison.
...What is attractive about a 17 year old boy from a 29 year old woman's perspective?
The teacher did take advantage of a position of power, and was punished for that.
I think that WOULD be a step in the right direction.
It has to be about control.
Come to think of it even the computer teacher was damn hot.
&gt; What is attractive about a 17 year old boy from a 29 year old woman's perspective?
I of course got off the charges, but still.
It's really not as rare as some would have you believe.
Don't make a freaking *crime*.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.15
