Original Response:
Yes, absolutely. Very much so. The embargo is past the point of ridiculous and now is into the area of obscene and offensive.
[deleted]
It's beyond that!  It's gone to....plaid!
President Obama might be able to get Washington to change policy, but outside of that... no.
President Mccant says no :(
"President" Obama might lose to McCain or even Hillary because of the reemergence of Reverend Wright.

I hate saying it, but Reddit is very insular from the regular media. And Wright is getting a lot of play. Stuff like "The US Government caused aids" doesn't play well on the 24-7 media.
The embargo isn't because Cuba is "bad".  The embargo is because 78% of Florida's Cuban expatriates (i.e. the group that was outed in the revolution) live in Miami-Dade county where they are in a position to control which way Florida's 27 electoral votes go.
When the people are able to pay their cell phone bill with the same money as their salary and pension, then I would think about it.  As it is, having to use special tradable currency, I am not impressed.
I'm afraid that if we end the embargo Cuban cigars might stop being so damn good.
Wait, wait wait!  Improving the lives of ordinary people is a communist thing.  And you say he raised salaries and pensions.

DOWN WITH CUBA!!!  NUKE CUBA NOW!!!
And yet they vote you down when what you say is 100% true.

That's the problem around here.  Reddit doesn't want to face up to what's really happening.  Instead they down vote you like a 6 year old covering his ears screaming "Lalalalala I'm not listening!  I'm not listening!"
si,,,,, the cubans that came here don't they realize that they are a minority and if they were in many states other than just one they would have no political cash and the embargo ould have been lifed long ago
If that's true then it definitely exhibits an unacceptable flaw in our electoral process...
Can Naked Snake stop the CUBAN MISSILE CRISIS!


...SNAKE EATER...
O grab me
Rev Wright is a jackass, for sure. And the media shouldn't be giving him so much play. And American voters should be looking outside mainstream sources for news.

But reality isn't like that right now. 

I'm not trying to troll Reddit, as some do. But this shit is real, and it's real depressing.
[deleted]
There shouldn't have been an embargo in the first place. It only made Castro stronger. Which is a good or a bad thing depending on your point of view but which most likely wasn't intended.
[deleted]
Lift the embargo but I quite enjoy a country where yanks aren't allowed. Could that policy please stay in place?
No.
A large section of the population voting as a coordinated faction can get results from a democratic system, because the system is designed to be responsive in that manner?

Yeah it's so broken.
[deleted]
if only this were its only flaw, or even its biggest one.
Cuba still has a long way to go when it comes to human rights. Allowing people to have cell phones is nice but they need to do a lot more than that.
actually, they vote *you* down because you're a confrontational, and often insulting, troll.
Drop the embargo that has not produced any favourable (to the US) results in almost 50 years.
It depends on whose version of sensible and rational.  It will be lifted, but it won't be lifted based on the will of the American people, or for the good of the Cuban people.  It will be based on the will of the only constituency that matters, [the corporations](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20080428.wrcuba0428/BNStory/Business)

*Behind the scenes, American business lobbies have been increasing pressure on their government to ease or lift the 47-year-old U.S. trade embargo. There's one reason for that: oil.*

*The U.S. Geological Survey estimates almost five billion barrels of oil and almost 10 trillion cubic feet of natural gas lie below Cuban waters in the Gulf of Mexico - enough to make Cuba energy independent for a while.*
Raising salaries and pensions, looks like a further slide to communism.

Arm the nukes. Secure the water supply.
Where do I get a card?
...I'm not technically a communist, but red enough (I hope).

Happy May Day everybody!
&gt;I hate saying it, but Reddit is very insular from the regular media.

You think? :)

Fortunately I unsubscribed from "politics" because  I was already noticing a substantial handicap when talking with normal people.
Nice.  You accuse me of being insulting followed by calling me a pejorative term.  Amazing.
Right because the embargo is all about human rights, like the rest of US foreign policy.

If the US was really concerned with human rights abuses in Cuba they could eliminate a fair amount by simply closing Gitmo.
[Oh! This cursed Ograbme!](http://highered.mcgraw-hill.com/sites/dl/free/0072900423/89059/u11_09.jpg)
No. How about we reinstate the embargo on China instead.
[deleted]
Oh sh1t, people using their power in the electoral system in order to force politicians to be responsive to their demands? What is this madness!?
Stuff like "Go Obama!" or "Ron Paul rules!" get voted up a ton, but if I said something like "I despise the iraq invasion, but perhaps just leaving suddenly isn't the best idea, we owe it to the people to create some sense of stability. This is why I'm for McCain" and I would be downmodded, a ton.

I don't actually believe that, but still. 

Anyways, I love talking politics, so I'm still around. On that note, if you are an Obama fan and he doesn't get the mod, then don't vote for Hillary. Even if you hate McCain, send a message.
Actually, he's right. You're a troll and you're one of the worst posters on reddit, along with Dinglefarmer and happyofficeworker.
What do you mean? Fidel Castro is no longer in power -- clearly it worked exactly as intended.
North Korea is still around. (They do let US citizens in from time to time -- I have the vacation photos to prove it -- but mostly not.)
Well the most important issue is that they don't let people leave.  When the Cuban government let's people immigrate whenever they please then we can lift the embargo.  Besides if Cuba is such a wonderful place to live what is their government so afraid of?
And China, or Saudi Arab, or gods know what other tyrannical regims the U.S. is propping up or actively trading with aren't?

Look, I'm all for chilled relations with non-liberal democratic states, but the position that Cuba is evil so the US can't trade with it but Saudi Arabia is so awesome that the US can give it billions every year to buy weapons is nonsensical. Either don't work with non-democratic states or do, don't pick and choose and then claim it's being done on moral grounds.
If not falling in line with reddit group-think makes me a troll then so be it.
And the corporations are owned by?
The Cuban government has allowed people to leave for years, they just won't help you do it. Both the US and Cuban governments know that 99% of **e**migrants are economic migrants.

EDIT: I'm sorry I replied to you now, your post is ignorant on so many levels.
As much as I too think money makes the world go 'round, the corporations have been unable to break Washington's will despite the potential sources of oil, revenue from tourism, gambling (possibly... as it was in the 1950's), a cheap and educated labor force...and don't forget cigars, baseball players and very hot women.
You mean it was meant to create some sort of Communist Dynasty? I think one of [its](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_embargo_against_Cuba) primary purposes was to get back the property of the United Fruit Company and the ITT (and other American corporations and citizens).
You keep asking this.  When will you understand that commies are *forever* evil!
Or vote for the person who will make the best decisions in the interests of the United States.

What message are you sending? "Politics is more important to me than having a good president" ?
Humanoid Reptilians
Largely, relatively few people. But yes, people.
Oh COME on! So you're saying the corporations are owned by "the People"?

Please.  [Wake up.](http://sociology.ucsc.edu/whorulesamerica/power/images/wealth/Figure_2a.gif)
USians are allowed, it's just that the US government won't let you fly to Cuba from within the US. You have to head up to Toronto or maybe Mexico first.
&gt; if you are an Obama fan and he doesn't get the mod

+1: thoughtful
I know, commoners have far too much power nowadays in America now these days too it seems. It's all been downhill here in Britain since the Parliament Act in 1911. What were Labour thinking, I tell you.
If you think Obama is the best candidate, and he doesn't get the nod because Hillary uses the false politics of Rev Wright to get the nomination, and then you vote for her because she's marginally better than McCain, are you not tacitly saying "Politics is more important to me than having a good message?"

Hillary is playing politics with YOU, and you are letting her. If you want change, then you have to be the change you expect to see, even if it means 4 years of McCain.
[deleted]
Many times the right thing to do isn't the popular thing to do. I don't care if 90% of Americans supported the embargo. It should be lifted because it's immoral and unconstitutional.
Not until they renounce their effective system of socialized medicine and declare it a failure like our government insists it must be.
[deleted]
You can see the media building up to this.

"The only way Obama won't get it, is if there is some sort of meltdown". Now they have their "meltdown". False controversy over Wright. 

Obama might be best off accepting the vice nod, and then running in 8 years. It sounds shitty, but it all depends on the game.

Here's some more "hard truths" that might need to be said: Obama might have dug his own grave with Rev Wright, and playing politics.

Hear me out.

Obama didn't start going to church until he became a community activist in Chicago in the late 80's. It could be that he worked as an activist because he wanted to do good, and it could be he just found god. It could also be he wanted to get into politics, and he saw both of those as ways into it. (It could also be both) So he choose Reverend Wright's church because it was popular in the area he wanted to get elected in. Wright's message may have been popular with the people Obama wanted to appeal to, so he signed on.

Personally, I don't judge Obama by Wright. I wish no one would, but I'm just trying to add some nuance to this discussion.
&gt;if Cuba is such a wonderful place to live what is their government so afraid of?

Losing control of their assets to foreign interests.  Its why they overthrew the previous government and nationalized everything in the first place.

I fear the sudden opening of trade because I don't think the poor Cubans are ready to cope with the onslaught that is Predatory American Commercialism and I fear it could destroy their wonderful culture.
[deleted]
That's a bunch of assumption there, and a bit of a stretch considering he didn't run for office until 1995.
How is the embargo unconstitutional?
It hasn't even been a year yet.  If he keeps it up I say yes, but don't get mad when things don't happen immediately.
How is it unconstitutional?

Your response needs to be better than "Because Ron Paul says so"
It's discussion. I'm not writing an Op-Ed. 

Anyways, is it so crazy to assume that someone with political aspirations would take steps that might enhance his chances of becoming a politician? I wouldn't say that's a "dangerous assumption." 

Also, yeah, he didn't run until 1995, but just because he didn't until then, doesn't mean he wasn't thinking about it. He doesn't seem like a rash thinker to me.

And he pulled some pretty political shit to get Alice Walker off the ballot, even though she trumpeted him. 

[Check it](http://www.chicagomag.com/Chicago-Magazine/January-1993/Vote-of-Confidence/)
There was a ban on cell phones and computers?! Cuba apologists are batshit crazy.

The embargo should end, but the amount of fucked up shit that government has done, and the lengths communist sympatico asses will go to to cover it up, is astounding.
A small band of voters in a key area of the country swaying the vote one way or another so that both politicians need to pay attention to their demands is not what I would call fair. If they were spread around the country but still voting in this coordinated manner, no one would give a damn. It is only because they're able to exploit a weakness in the electoral process, namely that most of the states are already "decided" for one candidate or another because so many places put all their electoral votes on one candidate or another, and because according to Stormflux's post, they are in a position to influence which way Florida's electoral votes go.
I certainly don't think it's as simple as the business lobby pulling all the strings either.  But, the "will of the people" certainly doesn't play a significant role.

The ideology that held the embargo in place for so long, that which feared the threat of a good example, is the ideology held by and promoted by the Corporate class. (I don't think that Castro's system of council communism would have provided that great of an example, but the country's socialist principles may have sparked some interest if accompanied by any sort of economic stability, that was the threat.)

Now that Raul is taking the helm, and is apparenty willing to make some changes, it would appear that the combined lure of very valuable oil and a weak government is enough to convince the powers that be that it's safe to do business.  Whatever benefits/harm this brings to the Cuban people is inconsequential to the views of the Corporate/Government class.
Man, I'd love a cuban cigar.
By the time we do lift it they are going to have other strong allies in a time where resisting American pressure is admirable worldwide. My personal hope that they get their shit together domestically and decide they don't really need the U.S. for anything.
Unlike China, we have no business interest in Cuba. Cuba is also still a socialist government, which happens to be extremely close to our borders. They have also been aggressive to us in the past (some might say the most direct aggressive posturing of any nation, short of the Soviet Union).  No, the embargo should not stop because they now have computers. Silly.

We need to continue to encourage the *people* of oppressive governments to rise against their government. There are two ways of looking at this.  We can either drop the embargo, OR the government there can actually get out of the stone age and implement a form of democracy.  Which plan addresses the long term problem the best? Im sick of folks constantly bashing our government. Sometimes is justified, but in this case it is not.  It is the Cuban government who has been oppressing their own people, and have not offered them a form of self rule. And it is the Cuban people who choose to NOT stand up and fight their own government (its a freakin ISLAND).  *America* is not to blame for the conditions there.  Maintain the embargo until there is real change there.  Mod me down for not reflecting the liberal view...sorry.
Embargo or not, any fund manager that invested in Cuban business ventures is out of their minds.
Certainly not a democratic majority of Americans, if that's what you're getting at.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Wait, I know this one: Anyone with a retirement account? Now, corporations are mostly directed by a small number of rich people, but then, I'm pretty sure I don't want the investments in my retirement account run by my fellow citizens (much as I love them). It is not a matter of trivia that a large percentage of Americans own investments in major corporations. This was simply not imaginable when Marxism and its spawn were invented.

Marx could never have foreseen that the middle class would become the capitalists. Kind of ruined his whole vision, didn't it?
I don't believe we should have an embargo but I also don't believe that commuting death sentences, raising salaries and lifting bans on electronic devices is sufficient to end an embargo.  We should end it, but not because of Raul's recent actions.
&gt;That's the problem around here. Reddit doesn't want to face up to what's really happening. Instead they down vote you like a 6 year old covering his ears screaming "Lalalalala I'm not listening! I'm not listening!"

With comments, at least, everyone can still see the downvoted ones with a click, and they don't get completely shut out of discussion just for being unpopular.  It's more of a problem with the news links.  Unpopular news links about a candidate get voted down consistently at first (whether it's good news about an unpopular candidate, or bad news about a popular one), so that if there's breaking news along those lines, I can't really expect to find swift discussion about it here, until hours later when it's saturating mainstream news sites and eventually gets discussion here as well.  

Other than that, breaking news in general hits the front page fairly quickly through upvotes, and I can come here to check out discussion if something newsworthy on a national scale has just happened, or even to discover it in the first place.  But the unpopular political news will often be several pages back and have few or no comments, sometimes until it's no longer "breaking news" at all.  It's aggravating.
"But the growth in the investor class--those Americans who own shares of stock directly in their mutual funds and 40lk's have strengthened the power of the tax issue. When Reagan was elected only 20 percent of Americans owned stock. Today the number is more than 60 percent of adults."

http://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2008/03/tax_issue_front_and_center_in.html
"But the growth in the investor class--those Americans who own shares of stock directly in their mutual funds and 40lk's have strengthened the power of the tax issue. When Reagan was elected only 20 percent of Americans owned stock. Today the number is more than 60 percent of adults."

"http://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2008/03/tax_issue_front_and_center_in.html
Indeed.  The other relevant issue in this case is that the Cuban-American vote is usually enough to swing Florida, which is often enough to swing the electoral college.
So what you're saying is that you'd be happy if your retirement fund invested in Cuban business ventures?
Yes, but many people owning variously less than 1% of this company or that company do not then "own" the company. Those few individuals with hundreds of thousands of shares do.
No, I'm saying "I'm not willing to have another 4 years of Bush just to make a statement about the nature of political discourse in the masses."

To me, that change isn't worth 4 more years of neocon plundering. 4 more years of Bomb Iran. 4 more years worth of piling on the debt. All that for a *statement*? Hell no.
You're mistaken in assuming that the only reason Obama can lose is Hillary's negative campaigning. That's not a sound premise on which to base your principled arguments.
Question: does owning nonvoting shares in a mutual fund which itself owns the actual shares of a company convey voting rights for those shares to the mutual fund investor?
&gt;To me, that change isn't worth 4 more years of neocon plundering.

So you would vote for Hillary? Who voted for the Iraq War?

A majority of people don't want to attack Iran. But what if the media and the right start hyping up Iran's influence in Iraq and Afghanistan. What if they get their noise machine rolling? Will she have the labia to say "No?".

&gt;4 more years worth of piling on the debt.

Hillary wants UHC. You think she won't add debt?

Look, all I'm saying is, if you give in to their game, then nothing changes. You end up with second rate politicians like Hillary because you were too afraid to stand up.
True, the super delegates might shift over, but I think she'll prod them.
Of course not.

But investors vote with their feet. Meaning they leave mutual funds that under-perform, and that is voting at the highest level. When mutual funds do poorly, they move their funds to companies that do perform.

As a major shareholder in several small, public companies, I know the power wielded by the majority shareholders in a company.

What we fear most, is defection which drops the price of the stock.
[deleted]
Pay increases?!  That's even MORE Communist!  Double the embargo!
[deleted]
I'm waiting on a free press. Then, YES with all my heart and soul.
not until they sing a cool island song to melt our icy heart. or wait.. melt our cool heart with a hot island song, argh no, cool our hot heart with a warm island song. 

argh shit.
&gt;lifts ban on cell phones and computers

Eternal September again in 3... 2... 1...
I want my sugary Coca-Cola! These new ones don't refresh anymore!
&gt;What we fear most, is defection which drops the price of the stock.

So applied to the larger economy - you're saying that what matters is the will of the majority of shareholders.  They are the one's with power in the corporation, so it's their POV which directs the corporations influence over the government.

Since 80-90% of equity (stock ownership) is held by 10% of the population (55% or so by 1% of the pop.), then the corporations' interest lies in satisfying the will of this small minority - and it is this minority's interest that is directing the corporate influence on government policy.
"Because taxable stock holdings are both smaller and less common for the bottom 60 percent of households, this group owns only 9 percent of all taxable stock.  The top 10 percent owns 70 percent of all taxable stock.  The top one percent owns 29 percent of all taxable stock."

http://www.cbpp.org/1-30-06tax2.htm

As it has always been, the wealthy control everything.

What is different, is that compared to 25 years ago, now 60% of all adults have some stake in the market, compared to 20% then.

edit: Please note that your estimates were wrong.
It's not, he just figures if Ron Paul is against it then it must be unconstitutional because Paul has no ideas of his own and just follows the constitution without any interference from his own beliefs...or so they would like you to believe.
Having a "retirement account" doesn't give one power over the corporations that your account might be invested in.

Actually, the market-invested retirement accounts probably give the big institutional investors even more clout than they would otherwise have with just their own monies, since it gives them more weight to throw around the marketplace.
"I ain't a Communist necessarily, but I've been in the red all my life." -- Woody Guthrie
What if the "DARK SIDE" turns out to be the US &amp; Big Corp??
[deleted]
&gt; They have also been aggressive to us in the past (some might say the most direct aggressive posturing of any nation, short of the Soviet Union).

Maximum lol. This came after years of continued attacks, terrorism and assassination attempts all from the the US. They turned to the Soviets like the kids in the playground hang around the bully for protection. 

Does your non-liberal view extend to Saudi Arabia, where things could be said to be almost equally oppressive? They are a key American ally and have been for a very long time.
Here's my take:

I have two votes. In the primary, I vote for the candidate *of those running* who I think will do the best job. In the general, I vote for the candidate *of those running* who I think will do the best job.

I agree that the political discourse in this country has declined significantly even in the last two years, and especially in the last three or four decades. Whose fault is that?

I suspect you'll point the finger at the media and the candidates, and you would be right, to some extent. But the fact is, both the politician and the media serve up what the people want. We're in the state we're in because people want mindless drivel more than real political discussion, and the media can make more money (and the politicians can get more votes) by giving in to that demand, rather than growing some balls and doing the right thing.

My point is, we're not going to see change by voting for McCain. In the long run, especially with the quality of the right-wing spin machine, his victory will be interpreted as voting for his policies. Although there will be many who will blame the loser of the Democratic primary for mortally wounding the eventual candidate, no one is going to say "People don't want McCain as president, they just want a cleaner campaign." A win for McCain will be interpreted as just that - McCain being the best candidate and the people *choosing him*.

The way we *do* get change is through leadership like that shown by Obama. We need more and more people to step up to the plate, even if they lose. We need activist groups fighting for clean campaigns. We need to change the culture.

A vote for McCain, from *any* perspective, will not do that.
That's why I'm going third party. I campaigned for Ron, and he's out.
&gt;edit: Please note that your estimates were wrong.

Actually, my estimates were based on [different sources](http://sociology.ucsc.edu/whorulesamerica/power/wealth.html), which also used different metrics, but it's all rather irrelevant to the discussion at hand, as both sets of numbers support the same assertion overall.

Your first post, in response to [sblinn's post](http://reddit.com/info/6hohh/comments/c03vdow) appeared to assert that the "growth in the investor class" somehow gives this class a level of power.  However, your posts now appear to indicate that you do in fact agree that this "investor class" doesn't actually have any power, instead they simply now have a financial incentive to support the continuity of the corporate classes place in the order of things.
I think its past time , we should life the embargo. Cuba is closer , we can give/receive goods closer to home, saving us money, and making them some in the process.
You have the basics of my opinion correctly surmised excepting that I feel that the now majority of adults owning stocks are starting to be heard in a way that never could have happened in the past.

Many form voting blocks and represent themselves at shareholder meetings.  Also, mutual funds are doing the bidding for the individual investors. They are not at odds with the fund investors.

While the effect remains small, it is at least now present.
It was time to end the embargo about 40 years ago.  So, yes.
There are other constituencies that matter.  For example Swing States with lots of residents who owned property in Cuba.

Seriously, Florida's opinion matters.  The embargo would be lifted if it was pretty certain this would get more Florida voters.   So basically Raul Castro needs to offer some sort of compensation to parts of Florida in a manner that makes the president look good.
With a little help from Elvis...
[deleted]
Actually Cubans used to have to apply for a very expensive exit permit before being allowed to leave.  I did some research and found out that they did announce on the 18th of April that they were going to end this policy.  Hmm... With this very recent information I might have to reconsider my view of the Cuban government.

http://www.elpais.com/articulo/internacional/Cuba/rebaja/restricciones/viajar/elpepiint/20080418elpepiint_1/Tes
And the Freemasons...
Unfortunately for Cuba, the US gov't will be very unlikely to lift the embargo until the name *Castro* is no longer leading the country.

I do believe, however, that Raul could quite possibly be laying the foundations for a future where there is no embargo.  He does at least seem to be open to significant change, even if he won't explicitly state it.

And when (if) there is a peaceful transition of power from Raul to the next leader, I think the US will then have some serious internal discussions regarding itself, Cuba, and the embargo.
There was a ban on cell phones, computers, and also many household electrical appliances.  It seems Cuba has had a tough time in the past trying to 'keep the lights on'.
I was a libertarian long before Ron Paul made it popular.
Or maybe you're just an idiot.

And what the hell does this have to do with Ron Paul?
How is it constitutional?
Reality meets idealism. Personally, I think the US and the European empires should have found a way to keep the oil reserves after Arab independence; it's inappropriate for them to have this kind of leverage over us politically and economically.
that's a human attitude.
&gt; While the effect remains small, it is at least now present.

I have to yield this point to you. I wonder, though, which is greater; the small effect of these new superminority (is this a term?) stock owners, or the small effect of third parties in nudging change out of the two-party duopoly...
Americans are short sighted, are you more afraid of an oppressive (communist) government 6 thousand  miles away or 90 miles away?
they let Americans in as long as they will bash the US government IE: Mikey Moore.
#Two words:#

The Cuban Lobby in FLA.

The mini AIPAC, or "baby" AIPAC if you will.
America is VERY vulnerable to well funded ethnic lobbies.
Yeah, because they pretty much fuckin' have to now, because Reagan tilted wealth so far in the investor direction. If you want to retire and you're relying on our government, whom you paid taxes to for 40 years, to make you comfortable, forget it. Thanks Reagan! Yay retirement 401ks, put your money in and you don't have to withdraw during a market downturn! They're just FANTASTIC for middle class people. *barf*
Do you think it is a bad idea to own stock?

You said "they pretty much fuckin' have to now", kind of implying that they were better off before when only 20% owned stock.

You may want to rethink your premise.

By the way, my comment didn't credit Reagan with the stock holding increase, it set a time frame.
&gt;This came after years of continued attacks, terrorism and assassination attempts all from the the US

I think that's what the parent meant with "encourage the people of oppressive governments to rise against their government".
&gt;Unlike China, we have no business interest in Cuba. 

You're right, of course. That is important, and that is the real reason for the embargo or anything else. The problem is when people try to sell *realpolitik* as some kind of principled action. 

&gt;extremely close to our borders.

True, geo-politically it's different, even in sheer military terms.

&gt;They have also been aggressive to us in the past

From here we begin to diverge: they were aggressive following complete and brutal hostilisation from the US. Actually, Fidel Castro only turned to the Communist Party after being continuously attacked by the USA, still licking the wounds of losing one of the several Banana Republics that hosted US industry interests.

&gt;We need to continue to encourage the people of oppressive governments to rise against their government.

The same thing applied to the US would be called treason.

&gt;OR the government there can actually get out of the stone age and implement a form of democracy.

Now you're abandoning the purely strategically motivated reasoning for the "human rights" one. I don't know if you think they are complimentary, but IMO they are not. The "democracy" argument is laughable, seeing as the USA was directly responsible for many of the most brutal dictatorships in South America and continues to count *to this day* as allies countries that make Cuba shine in terms of human rights. Even if we discount past actions - since it was during particularly troubled times- these last point stands.

&gt;It is the Cuban government who has been oppressing their own people, and have not offered them a form of self rule.

I find it interesting that you used the term "self rule". It kind of reminds people on how the US used to view Cuba - and other countries: satellites of US interests that could have "self rule", as long as the core options didn't interfere with US sanctioned ones. 

I'm not saying that that's how you used the term though. I understand what you're saying, but the USA maintains close military relations with many countries with much worse record.

&gt;And it is the Cuban people who choose to NOT stand up and fight their own government 

Now the Cubans are guilty for not fighting against something that you said they should be opposed to? If Cubans elected Castro in internationally supervised elections, woud you still maintain the embargo to punished them for their choice?

&gt;America is not to blame for the conditions there.

America is the world current superpower, and one of the largest economic partners any nation can have. By having an embargo on an island that borders it the USA actually provides good reasons for people to understand any kind of economic difficulty Cuba has, since being isolated in that manner  is something uncommon and an enormous burden.

To say that the USA "isn't responsible" is somewhat true, in the same way that nobody but the USA would be responsible if everyone else in the world stopped trading with the US and generalised famine resulted.

&gt;America is not to blame for the conditions there.

I personally think that the embargo is doing wonders in maintaining a sense of national pride and defiance alive. Heck, it's one of the reasons most of the world sympathises somewhat with Cuba, regardless of political positioning.

&gt;Mod me down for not reflecting the liberal view...sorry.

Didn't vote up nor down.
[This](http://reddit.com/info/6hohh/comments/c03ve53) about sums it up.
I've been to Cuba. Personally I think they should continue the embargo to keep evil out of their nation.

Cuba was awesome - the people were just insanely friendly and generous. We took dozens of VCRs, TVs and beer - they gave us free health care, free meals, free places to stay, and all the rum we could drink. And it was good rum. We stayed for two weeks, never paid a dime. We ate the best food, drank the best drinks, slept in comfortable beds.

One of the best trips of my life.
But they're still communist, just like China damn it!
No, we don't like the anti-death-sentence stance. We have so few allies on that front...
[deleted]
I am sorry but my question literally solicited a basis for your assertion.
And that crucial point that if the US government somehow gets wind of it, you're in pretty big trouble.
No no no, I hope it doesn't get lifted until Cuba emerges as a more powerful state than the US.. Oh man that would be funny.
pwnd
and create another country where jobs will be exported? why?
&gt;We took dozens of VCRs, TVs and beer ... We stayed for two weeks, never paid a dime.

So you ripped off desperate people and call it good.

Scumbag.
The - Cuban - Lobby - In - FLA

I counted four words, five if you count "FLA". Learn2/Count XP
Nice one. Ron + Paul = Raul.

OK, I'm bored.
Your link does not work.

Try to upload that image somewhere.
They're down as sponsors of terrorism.  

ROFLMAO.
It's unconstitutional because there's nothing in the constitutional that allows the federal government to do such a thing. How else could something be unconstitutional?

It seems to me that if it was constitutional you shouldn't have a problem pointing out the section that authorizes such an action.
Then do you also believe, based on that same clause, that the federal government also has the constitutional authority to place embargoes on indiviudal states and Indian reservations, as well as prohibit travel in and out of individual states and Indian reservations?

A trade embargo during peacetime is unconstitutional because it is an act of war. Travel restrictions without due process are also unconstitutional because they violate the 5th amendment.
Cuban Lobby
Cuban Lobby
Cuban Lobby
Cuban Lobby
Cuban Lobby
Cuban Lobby
Cuban Lobby
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;Jefferson didn't think so.

The Embargo Act was also extrememly unpopular and was opposed on the basis that peacetime embargoes were unconstitutional.
I get the idea, lol, I'm only teasing.
:-)

Summary:
Cuban Lobby
Cuban Lobby
Cuban Lobby
Cuban Lobby
Cuban Lobby
Cuban Lobby
Cuban Lobby.
So you're saying the corporations are owned by "the People"?
Didn't vote up nor down.
I think its past time , we should life the embargo.
I don't actually believe that, but still.
The embargo isn't because Cuba is "bad".
So you would vote for Hillary?
And the corporations are owned by?
It will be lifted, but it won't be lifted based on the will of the American people, or for the good of the Cuban people.
It could also be he wanted to get into politics, and he saw both of those as ways into it.
How is the embargo unconstitutional?
The Cuban government has allowed people to leave for years, they just won't help you do it.
Personally I think they should continue the embargo to keep evil out of their nation.
It is the Cuban government who has been oppressing their own people, and have not offered them a form of self rule.
I'm not saying that that's how you used the term though.
Cuba still has a long way to go when it comes to human rights.
Personally, I don't judge Obama by Wright.
I don't care if 90% of Americans supported the embargo.
It was time to end the embargo about 40 years ago.
Certainly not a democratic majority of Americans, if that's what you're getting at.
A majority of people don't want to attack Iran.
And Wright is getting a lot of play.
Hillary is playing politics with YOU, and you are letting her.
Maintain the embargo until there is real change there.
I'm afraid that if we end the embargo Cuban cigars might stop being so damn good.
There shouldn't have been an embargo in the first place.
"The only way Obama won't get it, is if there is some sort of meltdown".
But investors vote with their feet.
There's one reason for that: oil.
I campaigned for Ron, and he's out.
Here's my take:

I have two votes.
"Politics is more important to me than having a good president" ?
My point is, we're not going to see change by voting for McCain.
That's the problem around here.
But reality isn't like that right now.
When the Cuban government let's people immigrate whenever they please then we can lift the embargo.
No no no, I hope it doesn't get lifted until Cuba emerges as a more powerful state than the US.. Oh man that would be funny.
No, the embargo should not stop because they now have computers.
Well the most important issue is that they don't let people leave.
The way we *do* get change is through leadership like that shown by Obama.
There are two ways of looking at this.
Anyways, I love talking politics, so I'm still around.
When Reagan was elected only 20 percent of Americans owned stock.
I get the idea, lol, I'm only teasing.
I'm not trying to troll Reddit, as some do.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.42
