Original Response:
...that's actually a pretty good idea.
Well Iran signed a treaty saying

&gt;NNWS parties to the NPT agree not to "receive," "manufacture" or "acquire" nuclear weapons or to "seek or receive any assistance in the manufacture of nuclear weapons"

Israel didn't. Not saying Israel's postion is right or wrong, just the facts.
Thats an awful idea. If Israel allowed nuclear inspectors in, they would have to admit they have nuclear weapons. And if that happens every Arab country would pull out of the NPT and attempt to acquire nuclear weapons. [Source](http://www.2020visioncampaign.org/pages/351/Arab_League_vows_to_drop_out_of_NPT_if_Israel_admits_it_has_nuclear_weapons)
They didn't have to.  It's illegal under international law for them to have nukes whatsoever.
No, actually doing it would never happen. The point is that it frames the debate well - it points out in a world forum that there's a double standard.
Which law?
The same one that says Iran can't have them.

NPT is a treaty that can be "unsigned" and is not the basis for the UN actions against Iran.
That Israel a country that has nuclear weapons has gone through many wars that threatened its annialation has declined to use them? And now the countries that have attacked Israel repeatedly want nuclear weapons doesn't bother you?
Well what did ya expect? The US is Israel's bitch, and will let them get away with bloody murder.
&gt;The same one that says Iran can't have them.

Can you please link me to this law, because you specifically said "It's illegal under international law for them to have nukes whatsoever."
Are you a parrot? You said its illegal, and now I'm questioning why. You have no answer because you are full of shit.
The same one that says Iran can't have them.
I think you're so biased that any response would be pointless.
Well it must be since we're giving Iran such a hard time.  Why is it illegal for Iran to have nukes?  Could you cite me the international law please?
I don't think Israel has nuclear weapons and that's why they don't want any inspections... because the idea of having those weapons is a deterrent.
We're giving them such a hard time because they are fanatics.
Well, some of Israel is fanatics, but not all.  You should specify which part of Israel you mean.  

The Likud and Shas parties, the settlers, and a lot of the IOF brass, they are fanatics.  Olmert though, he isn't.
The antisemitism of it  !
Also, because *you* are fanatics.
You are either, then, woefully underinformed, or possibly insane.

http://firstread.msnbc.msn.com/archive/2008/05/05/981106.aspx
This is familiar, somehow...
Hm...
[deleted]
Fair game. Iran also proposed banning of all nuclear weapons technology transfers from NPT states to Non-NPT states.
I know exactly what it says in the papers/articles/online BS.    That doesn't mean its not all made up.
downmodded for accusing someone to be "woefully underinformed, or possibly insane"
[deleted]
because &lt;i&gt; we are fanatics.
*rolls eyes*
You're right, it's a massive government conspiracy. You know you have radio receptors in your teeth, too?
I would warn you that though your reasoning proves sound in this case, calling your opponent insane tends to backfire on the accuser.
Israel has threaten to wipe Iran off the map.

And how do you know when it first had nuclear weapons?
So, are you suggesting that Iran should exit this treaty and be comfortable? This is ridiculous pretext.
Iran has not attacked any country for some 300 years.
So, if they are clear why are they afraid of inspections? Why don't they join the NPT to end this gossip?
Sure, I agree with you, but man, I just can't take the Zionist crazies.
They? The whole country? Or you mean the leader? Surely you can't mean the whole country. Because then, you're just a racist. 

So, leader, yes? Well, then, I agree. Thank god OUR leader isn't the spoiled son of a powerful politician from a wealthy oil family who is supported by religious fundamentalists, operates through clandestine organizations, has no respect for the country's constitution, laws, or established democratic process, and uses fear to deny people their civil liberties. Right?
Perhaps they didn't start the Iran-Iraq war in 1980, but they sure kept it going.
That was the US who kept that war going by supporting Saddam with all means. What will you do if the enemy is in your back court and proposes a peace deal?
&gt;Israel, which does not discuss whether it has atomic weapons, did not sign the nonproliferation treaty, which requires all signatories except the major powers to refrain from obtaining nuclear arms. India and Pakistan, which have developed nuclear weapons, also are not signatories.

This is with the understanding that the great powers with existing nuclear weapons need to work towards disarmament.

This sadly has not been the case which is exactly the point India has made.  Nuclear apartheid.
... Because ahmedbinladen's regime is comparable to the only democracy to the middle east.
Agreed.  Israel never signed anything.

Although I do wish they would come into the fold and destroy their weapons.
I government run by the military is not that much of a democracy.
Israel didn't enter into the NPT or any other treaty that forbid nuclear weapons.
I don't think he's suggesting anything, just stating the facts.

I do wish though that Israel would stop being a rogue state and sign these international treaties banning nuclear weapons.
Come on! This mean not signing damned international treaties is more advantageous than signing them. How about not signing anti-torturing treaties to be able to torture people or exiting some other treaties to start slavery?
That's a bit of an awkward title.  For a second I thought "Why wouldn't Israel allow nuclear inspections of Iran?"
That's how the aliens communicate with me.
That's a very valid point.

Currently, Iran is just seeking nuclear enrichment, which is perfectly legal.

Of course, it is a short step from this to enriching to weapons grade uranium and building a simple gun-barrel bomb.

But Iran is perfectly legal, just like Israel is perfectly legal not to sign the NPT.
Your sarcasm detector seems to have blown a fuse. Just unscrew the hatch above the power cord. It's a 0.1A slow-blow glass cartridge type.
It's just too bad that it always has to be *someone* from the Iranian government to come up with such smart decisions. Ahmadinejad is still some weirdo.
tha doesnt have anything to do with topic at hand.
[deleted]
Sure, he's nuts, but I'll take this one on its own merits. :)
What??? This is the least sensible argument I have ever read... Israel having nukes should scare you, because it causes other countries to want nukes. Not to mention that Israel is not too good at not killing civilians and probably shouldn't be trusted with a nuclear bomb
You keep using that word. I don't think it means what you think it means.
Fair is in the eye of the beholder- somebody said that which is so true, Israel is a special case, it is our ally, good guys, their god is as good as our god, could possibly be the same god. So how come we put our democratic civilized friend in the same basket with I ran? By the way Iran mean 2 dicks in Arabic, Air means one dick.
I don't think that is hopelessly biased. 

I am an American liberal. I think the Israeli settlements should be withdrawn and comprehensive peace made. I have gotten into heated arguments with members of the IDF. One of my best friends is Palestinian and another Syrian and we can even agree about reasonable steps to take in the middle east. 

So I don't think I am hopelessly biased, and yet I think it would be extremely dangerous to allow Iran to have nuclear weapons. I think the possibility of major political instability in that country is high. It is a theocratic government. It has not demonstrated restraint with regards to the weapons it uses. I do not believe it is in my best interests not to pursue a strategy that attempts to deny Iran nuclear arms.

I believe total nuclear disarmament would be a good idea, but until we get there any that I can stand in the way of I will.

I agree with Strike in this case.
A state may choose not to sign the NPT or withdraw from the Geneva conventions, that is entirely their right to do.

But the thing is if they do this, the entire world will know exactly where these rogue states stand.  I don't think even the worst states in the world would advocate slavery these days.  That's a good thing, civilization has evolved to collectively determine that these things are "evil" and should be illegal.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't think most of America knows what it actually means.
Touché!
A very childish excuse. Like a dangerously fat man telling his doctor he wont loose weight unless his neighbor does it also. How is anything going to get solved with an attitude like this? Even though Israel has nukes and Iran loves to blame every problem in the world on them, Israel has nothing to do with this specific situation.
A very childish analogy. 

What is dangerous to Iran about having nuclear power plants? (Not like being fat, then.) How is the U.N., as a wholly owned subsidiary of the U.S., concerned with Iran's health and safety? (Not like a doctor, then.)
&gt;Hmmm...last time I checked, Israel wasnt killing U.S. soldiers in Iraq. But Iran was.

Last time I checked, the Koolaid wasn't good for you. Drink less.

&gt;If Iran had nukes Id be shitting my pants. 

You scare easily. 

&gt;No islamic country should be allowed nuclear weapons. 

I see. So you're functioning off some sort of vague prejudices about brown people because you only ever see them on the news. 

Oh, what the hell, why be polite? You're a bigot. 

But here's a newsflash for you. It's not about Islam. It's about oil. That's why we have been fucking up their lives for about a hundred years now, and don't they just know it.
Fortunately Ahmadinejad is not the leader of Iran.
[deleted]
I'm on the edge of my seat waiting to see what will happen between Israel and Iran that gives us the excuse to go in there and protect our freedom. Anyone know if the script has been leaked yet?
You can do italics with a pair of asterisks. [See here](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax).
And I also hope that the civilization has evolved enough to determine nukes and torture are also evil. 
ED: My point is that when a country signs the NPT there are so much pressure on it (like we see these days about Iran). But if they do not sign it (look at Israel) they are left in entire comfort. This acts as an incentive against signing the treaties which are apparently a fruit of that evolved civilization.
[deleted]
brilliant!
Oh shut up. This issue is about IAEA inspectors being allowed to do regurlar inspections, nothing else (U.N., as a wholly owned subsidiary bullshit). Also, if you believe Iran's nuclear program is used for developing nuclear power plants you are ****** in the head.
It's more like this: the airport police is carrying a non-stop inspection on you and yet again he says that he is still suspicious. Right by your side there is another guy who is apparently carrying a revolver to the plane.
That's because they were busy killing Palestinians.
&gt;founded on Judeo-Christian values (ie the USA) would be a start.

How about trusting them because they *haven't* used them in an existential war?

This is why it's difficult supporting the Jews on Reddit - guilt by association with.....religiosity.
Ehm noooo... It's not like that at all.
downmodded for accusing someone of an accusation.
Embassies are territories of the nation they represent, so the Iranian invasion of the US Embassy was an act of war, an actual invasion of the USA.

Someone will reply "But the CIA blahblahblah!"

Not germane.
&gt;Iran is just seeking nuclear enrichment

They have to prove it. They haven't.

The NPT has no 'innocent until proven guilty' clause.
&gt;It is a theocratic government. It has not demonstrated restraint with regards to the weapons it uses.

That also applies to israel. In fact israel has been at pretty much continuous war with somebody or another since it's inception.

It clearly is unable to make peace with it's neighbors.
Israel is not the only democracy in the middle east.
What does Irak mean In Arabic then? :)
Don't "FYI" me, son. I have more "I" on this particular situation than you are ever likely to even be willing to listen to, much less learn. What you don't know about the history of the region, the history of oil, and the strategic realities of asymmetric warfare could fill several large books. In fact, it has.  

You probably don't even know who Kermit Roosevelt Jr. was without googling it. 

I was going to write you a detailed lesson on the geopolitics and military history of the region (why is it that saber-rattlers never seem to know anything about warfare?), but then I followed you blog link and found this little jewel:

&gt;White nationalists believe that the so-called eglitarian system of today’s society is a failure. They believe that natural heirarchy should be recognized. Whites are superior to other races because of their unique history. In ancient Europe, the white race was required to be more disciplined, intelligent, and strategical than their southern and tropical counterparts. This was due to the cold winters. Clearly today we can see that the white man is the superior specimen of race. Negroes have the highest crime rates by far (of course, it is always blamed on white oppression). They also have a massively higher rate of children born out of wedlock, and abortions. Academic achievment among the blacks is markedly lower.

Now, I'm not the most PC guy in the known universe, but suggesting that biological differences between the races are anything other climatic adaptations suggests a mind that leaps to fanciful conclusions without supporting evidence, most likely through wishful thinking. 

Or, in simpler terms, a bigot. 

Hence, I decided that you probably weren't in the mood to listen. So get stuffed, if you can find a taxidermist willing to undertake the work. 

Or you could start educating yourself:

http://www.exile.ru/articles/list.php?IBLOCK_ID=35&amp;SECTION_ID=156
&gt;Hmmm...last time I checked, Israel wasnt killing U.S. soldiers in Iraq. 

neither is iran. What's your point?


&gt;If Iran had nukes Id be shitting my pants. 

You really should not live in life in fear. A life of cowardice is not becoming.
LOL. Jewish logic and morality.
It's too rational! The current regime in Israel and their American toadies will *never* go for it, even though, of course, Israel has nothing to hide -- [right](http://www.globalsecurity.org/wmd/world/israel/nuke.htm)?
&gt;All countries which have nuclear weapons are either democracies or US controlled (Pakistan) except China

Russia and north korea are US controlled?
Why is it okay for Israel to have nuclear weapons, but not okay for any other Middle Eastern country to have them?
&gt;&gt;Iran is just seeking nuclear enrichment

&gt;They have to prove it. They haven't.

Oh, great, it's you.

Here's the [**text**](http://www.fas.org/nuke/control/npt/text/npt2.htm) of the treaty, bobkitty.

Find me the bit that says "They have to prove it", after defining what "it" actually means in your sentence.

Is "it" proof of *intent*? Good luck proving *that*, kitty!

Is "it" inspections? All you've got to go on is Article III.1, not very tough.

Please, bobkitty, tell me what you mean by "They have to prove it". Please refer to the text  of the treaty to prove your case.
For neocons, it means anyone opposed to Israeli-American world hegemony.
why is it only the Middle East who has these stupid religious conflicts which are going to cause WW3
&gt;Article III
&gt;1. Each non-nuclear-weapon State Party to the Treaty undertakes to accept safeguards, as set forth in an agreement to be negotiated and concluded with the International Atomic Energy Agency in accordance with the Statute of the International Atomic Energy Agency and the Agencys safeguards system, for the exclusive purpose of verification of the fulfillment of its obligations assumed under this Treaty with a view to preventing diversion of nuclear energy from peaceful uses to nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices. Procedures for the safeguards required by this article shall be followed with respect to source or special fissionable material whether it is being produced, processed or used in any principal nuclear facility or is outside any such facility. The safeguards required by this article shall be applied to all source or special fissionable material in all peaceful nuclear activities within the territory of such State, under its jurisdiction, or carried out under its control anywhere.

How's that?
world community wants nuclear inspections in Iran in order to make sure its in fact peaceful nuclear program as they claim. 
Instead of giving the world what it's wants and ending their diplomatic crisis they make  excuses. How is it that no one here thinks Iran has something to hide?
Yes, article III.1, just as I said.  Thanks for regurgitating my words.

Now where does it support your claim that 

&gt; They have to prove it [sic]. They haven't. The NPT has no 'innocent until proven guilty' clause.

The treaty says:

&gt; The safeguards required by this article shall be applied to all source or special fissionable material in all peaceful nuclear activities within the territory of such State, under its jurisdiction, or carried out under its control anywhere.

This just seems that the Iranians have to let  outsiders trace any (existing) 'source or fissionable material'.

Now where does it say "They have to prove it [sic]"?   And where does it lay a burden of proof?  There's no 'guilty until innocent' clause either.

It says they have to let the IAEA track fissionable material. That seems to be it. As long as they're just building centrifuges, there's nothing to track.

Where are you posting from bobkitty?  Not the  USA, it seems.


PS - you still haven't defined "it".
I'm not sure if you're beeing sarcastic, anyway the question for me is why didn't the US attack Israel to protect freedom yet ?
And, to get to your point, why aren't we treating Israel and Iran the same ? I'd like to know for sure. I can only assume it's some financial interests.
Reading problem?

&gt; as set forth in an agreement to be negotiated and concluded with the International Atomic Energy Agency in accordance with the Statute of the International Atomic Energy Agency and the Agencys safeguards system

&amp;c.

That agreement actually exists, Iran is not compliant with it, thus IAEA has a problem with Iran.
&gt;That agreement actually exists, Iran is not compliant with it, thus IAEA has a problem with Iran.

Really?  The requirements of the NPT have to do with tracking fissile material. Any evidence Iran is not allowing this?

The IAEA has the following page on Iran: http://www.iaea.org/NewsCenter/Focus/IaeaIran/iran_timeline5.shtml#march08

Is there any evidence that Iran is clearly out of line with IAEA reporting guidelines?

The Security Council seems to be demanding that Iran cease enrichment activities, but such a demand is *outside* the bounds of the NPT.

It seems to me that 1) Iran is mostly compliant with it, with compliance being a matter of definition and 2) certain states are making demands of Iran that extend well beyond the NPT.

In particular see the Feb 22 IAEA report: http://www.iaea.org/Publications/Documents/Board/2008/gov2008-4.pdf

&gt; The Agency has been able to continue to verify the non-diversion of declared nuclear material 
in Iran. Iran has provided the Agency with access to declared nuclear material and has provided the 
required nuclear material accountancy reports in connection with declared nuclear material and 
activities. Iran has also responded to questions and provided clarifications and amplifications on the 
issues raised in the context of the work plan, with the exception of the alleged studies. Iran has 
provided access to individuals in response to the Agency’s requests. Although direct access has not 
been provided to individuals said to be associated with the alleged studies, responses have been 
provided in writing to some of the Agency’s questions. 

&gt; The Agency has been able to conclude that answers provided by Iran, in accordance with the 
work plan, are consistent with its findings — in the case of the polonium-210 experiments and the 
Gchine mine — or are not inconsistent with its findings — in the case of the contamination at the 
technical university and the procurement activities of the former Head of PHRC. Therefore, the 
Agency considers those questions no longer outstanding at this stage. However, the Agency continues, 
in accordance with its procedures and practices, to seek corroboration of its findings and to verify 
these issues as part of its verification of the completeness of Iran’s declarations. 

&gt; The one major remaining issue relevant to the nature of Iran’s nuclear programme is the alleged 
studies on the green salt project, high explosives testing and the missile re-entry vehicle. This is a matter of serious concern and critical to an assessment of a possible military dimension to Iran’s 
nuclear programme. 

So, basically, Iran has mostly complied with IAEA requirements, it declines to follow non-NPT demands to stop enrichment, and continues to pursue a missile program, again outside the bounds of the NPT.

Once again, I ask you: what is Iran doing that clearly violates the NPT?

Despite my repeated requests, you have not said what "it" means when you claim that they (Iran) "have to prove *it*." Pray tell, what is "it"?

PS - where are you posting from, bobkitty? I  just want to be sure it is an NPT signatory state! Otherwise, you have no business trying to enforce a treaty you are not a party to!
No christian or Jewish nation should have any power. Don't you know that in their texts it is said that whoever doesn't want to follow god must be killed ? These are dangerous people. Trough all history they tried to colognise everywhere and to impose their views. They have a lot of blood on their hands.

Furthermore, they are underdevelopped for anything that doesn't strengthen economy ; Some of them kill themselves with no other reason than to escape. They have some barbaric practices too. For example they have circumsision, where they cut a piece of the male organ, taking off nerves. Another example: Justice is made by bringing the troublemakers in jail and having them to be raped by other inmates.
Their society lost the sense of what is sacred and their people can easily trade money against lives, in fact it happens right now. But they are very dishonest; while selling lives, they smile and speak of ethics.

I'm telling you, this race has to be controlled by our superior capabilities. Oh, wait ! I'm a white Christian too. Duh. Looks like there's no race left to be superior and to drive others.
Alright, an arabic lesson for redditors.
Arabs pronounce Iran as "ee-ran", not "ay-ran"/"I-ran".

In lebanese/syrian/palestinian dialect, pronouncing Iran as "ay-ran" would mean two dicks, with "ayr" being one dick. This is only relevant in these dialects though, no such words exist in formal Arabic or other Arabic dialects.

There, you learn something new every day.
&gt;It seems to me that 1) Iran is mostly compliant with it, with compliance being a matter of definition

So, according to YOUR definition, Iran is NOT ENTIRELY IN COMPLIANCE.

Post again when they are, okay?
[deleted]
The name "Persia" until 1935 was the "official" name of Iran in the Western world, but Persian people inside their country since the Sassanid period (226–651 A.D.) have called it "Iran" meaning "the land of Aryans". The Proto-Iranian term for Iran is reconstructed as *Aryānām (the genitive plural of the word *Arya) and the Avestan equivalent is "Airyanem" (as in Airyanem Vaejah).

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran_naming_dispute
I'm in such a rouge state, love. And don't tell me, I know, too much eyeliner.
I think most people here think the true enemy is in Israel. You are saying "world community" and "giving the world what it wants" but it's not true. If we have to police other nations, I would say we need to control Israel as I feel they are the most dangerous to people of the world. There is lots of other people in my case, so "what the world wants" is not as simple as what is said in the news.
Yeah. The actual leader is a hundred times more insane.
[deleted]
Last time I checked they were. It's just a question of news source.
By not surrendering?
You just found a Googlewhack!
Yeah, why can't they just get along peacefully like the rest of the world?
The problem is, it seems to be one rule for Israel, and another for the rest of the world.
Yeah, you guys were right. It seems my knowledge of that war is a bit shady.
Maybe they should have just surrendered to Saddam Hussain.
It made peace with Egypt.
"It is widely believed it had two nuclear bombs before the 6 day war"
they report to different invisible men on clouds
Ooooh. Now that's impressive. It made peace with one neighbor while killing thousands of people in their other neighbors.

Nice people.
The other neighbors haven't been peaceful either and thousands of Israeli's have died.
Because other Middle Eastern countries have been repeatedly aggressive towards Israel and each other. Do you think Syria should have nuclear weapons? How about put a few in Afganistan?
You use that word like you know what it means.
yeah, it does
More insane than [a man that claims God talks to him and instructs him to attack sovereign nations](http://www.counterpunch.org/floyd06302003.html)?
Oh, but daaahhhhling, it makes you thimply thabulous!
No, it's actually the same invisible man, he's just dressed a little different.
Not so. Ali Khamenei is really conservative, but he is not populist (= crazy and insane speech) as Ahmadinejad. He is Grand Âyatollâh but his career shows that he is cunning political person and not crazy lunatic.He has also command of armed forces, commander of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution, and only he can declare and start wars. 

Iranians are painted as crazy people in the media. In reality they are cold and calculating Persians who play the power game in the middle east quite well.
Is that the same one that says India and Pakistan can't have them?
&gt;It is a theocratic government. It has not demonstrated restraint with regards to the weapons it uses.

The same could be said about the US.  Care to take your own advice?
You said it is "unable to make peace with it's neighbors." It did make peace with Egypt, the one neighbor who happened to be its greatest aggressor. Sadat was assassinated by Muslim extremists.

Rabin offered a deal to Arafat, giving him 95% of what he wanted. Arafat rejected it. Rabin was assassinated by a Jewish extremist.

It made peace with Jordan. You can take Israeli tours into Petra without feeling threatened by either the government or Muslim extremists. 

It withdrew occupying forces from Lebanon and Gaza, steps it would not have taken if it desired "continuous war."

Are these the actions of a country that doesn't desire peace? Perhaps the problem is religious extremism on either side, not Israel and its imaginary lust for Muslim blood.
The rest of the world are not the chosen people.
I consider him crazy because even if he is less "crazy", his absolute power allows him to exercise that power much more easily. Thus, he is a bigger threat.
Destroy all the fucking nukes in the world already. Eventually, someone will push a button. I see more and more nutjobs and idiots in high offices lately. Our luck can't last forever.
Very pertinent, Iran signed the NPT treaty therefore it must allow inspections (and I hope they will continue to do so, exemplary), while Israel did not sign it, and so can deny inspections without repercussions.

I'm all for universal standards, but this is about the tiny print in contracts.

The lesson for us all is that it's is better for others to adopt these international treaties, while we reap the rewards of not complying and still profiting (in this case) from world peace - it also applies to international law.
[deleted]
&gt;Of course, it is a short step from this to enriching to weapons grade uranium and building a simple gun-barrel bomb.

From what I've read, it's not that short of a step, the number and type of centrifuges is greater, plus the type of uranium they work with.
Just as we can't 'unsee' something, the invention of nuclear weapons cannot be undone.  Though I'm with you in wishing it could be so.
I assume that "crazy" means that he might to something totally irrational and apocalypitc, like start nuclear war with Israel when Iran gets nukes. That is just not true.  Iranians really don't care about Israel or Palestinians for any other reason than regional power play. 

After 9/11, Khamenei condemned attacs, they gave US assistance on how to attack Talibans (also their enemies) and  they actually offered to start negotations with US without any conditions (Israel, Hizbollah, nukes anything). This was not because their heart melted when they watched 9/11, but because they saw how potential sift in alliances  could benefit them. Both, 9/11 attackers (Al Quaida Sunnies from Saudi Arabia) and Talibans were enemies of Iran. If they could have negotiated deal with US, that whould have given US powerful ally. 

It was the Bush&amp;Co with neocons who were really crazy. Educate yourself:

2. http://www.salon.com/opinion/feature/2007/12/07/iran_policy/
1. http://www.prospect.org/cs/articles?articleId=11539
Well, that other country signed a treaty saying it wouldn't acquire nuclear weapons. Israel hasn't.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NNPT#India.2C_Israel_and_Pakistan
If *you* were Israel, would *you* destroy your nuclear weapons?  Would you trust the UN to keep your enemies from developing them?

(This assumes that Israel could ever prove that it has destroyed all of its weapons.)
[deleted]
That logic is like asking the police to search your neighbors house randomly whenever they want, but if they complain then they're hiding something. Denying unequal search requests is not evidence of hiding anything, it's merely calling for equal treatment.
hahaha, yes your analogy is somehow better, lets explore.

Iran is looking for nuclear technology to support their people through both peaceful and military means. You somehow equate that to obesity which has no redeeming qualities.

He equates the the situation to one where two people want to board a plane and only one person is searched.

If you can't see the difference in the two analogies, then you're either purposefully trolling or very bad with analogies.
"Just fyi, Islamist beliefs dictate that all non-Muslims are infidels who should be forceablly converted to Islam or killed."

Big lie.
"they are in a war with the Palestinians".
Just like the South African Apartheid government who was in war with the blacks.
Sounds like a fair fucking trade to me!
Well they have that's why the NPT was created.

They are not required to sign it but that is why those countries who do not sign it are ostracized in the international community.

Israel, Pakistan, India, North Korea.  Not exactly a great group to be included in.
And would you say Israel and say, Pakistan have been subject to equal amount of ostracization? Will Hillary threat to obliterate Germany if they attack Pakistan?
Your understanding of analogies applied clearly needs some work, you only see what you want to see mr.Jew hater. You are pathetic.
Oh I forgot, there's Islamic Republic of Iran too, every bit as democratic as Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
&gt;If you were Israel, would you destroy your nuclear weapons? Would you trust the UN to keep your enemies from developing them?

After a peace treaty has been signed and settled.  If I were Israel I would work towards a peace treaty with neighbours first.

&gt;(This assumes that Israel could ever prove that it has destroyed all of its weapons.)

There is no perfect system, you can not see everywhere at anytime.  It is what it is.
Well you are now talking about American politicians and religious crazies who are looking for the end times and rapture.

They don't accurately portray what the rest of the world is thinking.
As I said in the post I would certainly take my own advice and draw down our own nuclear arsenal.

That said we are certainly not a theocratic government in nearly the same sense that Iran is and we have a far more open democratic process. All those institutional controls do make a difference.
Israel is not a theocratic government in nearly the same sense and has attempted in what most observers would consider better faith to make peace with its neighbors. 

I think that even someone like myself who hates the occupation and thinks that a federated state should be on the table as a solution for peace between Israel and Palestine can also understand that most Arab states are just using Israel as a scapegoat. Egypt made peace because they realized that trading and openness would bring them a better future than perpetual war.
Sounds fair enough to me.
&gt;in nearly the same sense

splitting hairs are we?

&gt;we have a far more open democratic process

really?  I know it's laid out to be one, and the press calls it one, but after the past 20 odd years of American political history.  Are you still under the impression that it's an open democratic process?  Seriously?

Opinions will always vary, and I agree that *everyone* should draw down there own nuclear arsenal.

I just see this as the pot vs kettle.  Quite transparently as a matter of fact.
but then again, that is just my own opinion.
touche
So could you explain *precisely* which points of the NPT they are not compliant with?  Could you explain (with citations) what is *necessary* for compliance, and what Iran is doing that is not in compliance? 

Could you back up your assertions with sources?

PS - where are you posting from, bobkitty? I just want to be sure it is an NPT signatory state! Otherwise, you have no business trying to enforce a treaty you are not a party to!
Hmmm. I've read the opposite. Once you manage to enrich from 0.7% to 4%, going up to 80% is comparatively easy. It struck me as counterintuitive, but that's what I read in several places.
lol
I know... I dont think the Iranian people are crazy. I dont think Israel should exist in the first place. That doesnt change the fact that Khamenei and Ahmadinejad are crazy. They believe in a religion and use it to keep their people under a tight lease. They are either brilliant or crazy.
Religions are more or less crazy, because they are based on world views that are wrong. But that don't mean that religious people can't act rationally. Labeling people crazy usually implies that you don't need to know anything more about them. I think Iranian leaders have acted more rationally in their politics that US government.
People who believe so much in religion and think it is absolutely true are crazy in my opinion. Doesnt mean I wont learn more about them...
&gt;However, the Agency continues, in accordance with its procedures and practices, to seek corroboration of its findings and to verify these issues as part of its verification of the completeness of Iran’s declarations.The one major remaining issue relevant to the nature of Iran’s nuclear programme is the alleged studies on the green salt project, high explosives testing and the missile re-entry vehicle. This is a matter of serious concern and critical to an assessment of a possible military dimension to Iran’s nuclear programme.
&gt; The *one* major remaining issue relevant to the nature of Iran’s nuclear programme is the *alleged* studies on the green salt project, high explosives testing and the missile re-entry vehicle.

So Iran has complied with all issues except one, and this one is merely *alleged*.

PS - where are you posting from, bobkitty? I just want to be sure it is an NPT signatory state! Otherwise, you have no business trying to enforce a treaty you are not a party to!
&gt;The other neighbors haven't been peaceful either 

By that you mean they fought back when israel attacked them right?


&gt;Israeli's have died.

Just the cost of doing business. You don't get to invade countries, carry out apartheid, steal land, and commit massacres of civilians without cracking a few eggs.

Look on the bright side. You have killed a thousand of them for every one of you.
as opposed to what? the jewish nation of israel?
&gt;Rabin offered a deal to Arafat, giving him 95% of what he wanted.

Could explain to me where in the talmud it says it's OK to steal something and then give 95% it back?

I am facinated by this aspect of jewish morality.

Especially since the 5% you were keeping were things like roads, water supplies, etc and worked very well to create a series of reservations where you guys keep palestenians as domesticated animals in pens.

&gt;It withdrew occupying forces from Lebanon 

You mean after killing a thousand people and leaving a million homeless right?

&gt;and Gaza

Except for the whole "control the airspace, sea lines, all the borders in and out, destroying the electrical treatment facilites, embargoing food and medicines, occasionally launching military strikes and numerous incursions" right?


&gt;Are these the actions of a country that doesn't desire peace? 

Yes. Israel has no desire for peace at all.

&gt;Perhaps the problem is religious extremism on either side, not Israel and its imaginary lust for Muslim blood.

Israel's lust for muslims blood can't possibly be imaginary since they kill so many muslims every year.
Oh yes. It's entirely the fault of the arabs that israel has been at war since it's inception. Just like it's the fault of the palestenians that they are occupied.

Israel is blameless.
Did Israel attack them during the first Israeli-Arab war? How about the Hebron massacre?

Show a citation that says thousands were killed for every Jew.
[deleted]
&gt;Did Israel attack them during the first Israeli-Arab war? How about the Hebron massacre?

Were those the only times the israeli military killed people?
[deleted]
Jesus Christ, the shrillness! First of all, stop trying to bait me into calling you an anti-semite by bringing up "Jewish morality." If you're so uninformed that you don't realize that the government of Israel derives its jurisprudence from English common law, and its foreign policy from realpolitik and pragmatism, and not from the Talmud, then you have no credibility whatsoever. How many Israeli Prime Ministers do you know of that even spent a day in rabbinical school? Or can you even name an Israeli Prime Minister at all?

I understand you have an utter bias against Israel (as if the Arab territories surrounding it have been sweet and innocent through the origins of the Ottoman Empire until today, and as if Egypt isn't blockading the Gaza strip as well, and Syria is denying entry to Palestinian refugees, and Hezbollah isn't assassinating Lebanese democrats in the name of anti-Zionism), so I'm not going to spend my time discussing historical facts that you'll certainly ignore in order to perpetuate your own bias. My point is that Israel *has* signed treaties with nations for peace, and *has* exchanged land for peace. These simple facts fly in the face of your argument that Israel "has no desire for peace at all", or else they would have stayed in Lebanon, kept the Sinai and told Egypt to go fuck themselves, and occupied Damascus during both the Yom Kippur and Six Day Wars. Your opinion that Israel is some monstrous Leviathan that causelessly wages war is without merit.
&gt;If you're so uninformed that you don't realize that the government of Israel derives its jurisprudence from English common law, and its foreign policy from realpolitik and pragmatism

You mean things like a forty year occupation illegal under international law is pragmatism?

&gt;I understand you have an utter bias against Israel (as if the Arab territories surrounding it have been sweet and innocent through the origins of the Ottoman Empire until today,

I love it when apologist try to make israel look good by comparing them to the worst countries on the planet.

Here is a hint for you. It doesn't work. It just makes you look even worse.


&gt;hese simple facts fly in the face of your argument that Israel "has no desire for peace at all", or else they would have stayed in Lebanon, kept the Sinai and told Egypt to go fuck themselves, and occupied Damascus during both the Yom Kippur and Six Day Wars. Your opinion that Israel is some monstrous Leviathan that causelessly wages war is without merit.

Israel makes peace when the opposing forces have enough weaponry to strike back.

If they don't israel is perfectly happy to continue to steal their land and to kill their people.

For example see lebanon, west bank and gaza.
Wrong. Egypt did not have "enough weaponry to strike back," whatever that means. They lost every war they started against Israel.

And yes, "40 year occupation," in this case, is pragmatism. When Syria fires rockets at Israeli settlements form the Golan Heights, occupying the Golan Heights is pragmatism. When Fedayeen soldiers from the West Bank invade Israeli settlements and murder farmers, then occupying the West Bank is pragmatism. Do you know what pragmatism means? If you were the commander-in-chief of an army, would you make the boneheaded move *not* to occupy a territory from which an enemy was *attacking you?*

If you read deeper into what I said, I was not comparing Israel with the countries surrounding it. I was *contrasting* it. Does Egypt, Syria, Jordan, or Lebanon supply as much power, fuel, and humanitarian aid to Gaza as Israel does? Nope. Is Egypt talking with Hamas in order to normalize relations at their shared border, like Israel's been talking with Fatah? Only as of last week. Is Hezbollah softening its attitude towards Israel, as Israel and Syria enter negotiations in order to return the Golan Heights? No, they're only manipulating the Lebanese government away from peace with Israel, and in the meantime indulging in their own lust for power, since they know that if they lose Syria's support, and peace with Israel becomes a reality, that every political leg they stand on will be severed. It seems that Israel is doing everything within reason to negotiate peace with its neighbors, while there are some very nasty elements outside of Israel who never want to see peace happen.

But no, you and the rest of your anti-Zionist buddies on Reddit are so simpleminded in your analysis of the situation, that you see every rocket fired into Gaza as evil, and every suicide bomber sent into Israel as justified. Your big-guy-versus-the-little-guy distillation of the situation is pathetically naive, and your blithe disregard of the millions of ordinary Israeli citizens who are not religious, not extremist, not supportive of their government's actions in Gaza and the West Bank, not elated as their sons and daughters are sent into war, not in favor of innocent Palestinians getting killed, disgusted by Gazans being starved to death because of the negligence of Israel's corrupt Prime Minister and his right-wing cronies, appalled by Palestinians being manipulated by a Hamas that would rather see its own people dragged down into destitution than change the wording of their charter, is so out of touch with the reality in the Middle East that I'm surprised you even know where it is on a map.
First of all Malcontent, that is not what I said. I certainly hoped to convey that Israel is not, to my mind, blameless. 

However I think that the Arab nations that surround it (due in part to damage left over partly from colonialism) shoulder a hefty burden of the blame in the current state of affairs. In fairness many of the most powerful states were rapidly created petro-states that did not have time for good institutional formation. The same could be said of Israel, but many of the Zionists were educated and they were also quite dedicated to the idea of statehood. So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I am not saying Israel is blameless, but I don't think any reasonably open minded person can fail to appreciate a bellicosity on the part of its neighbors. 

The Palestinians - their problem is much harder. I can understand their pain and the loss they feel. It is a difficult problem moving forward, but hopefully both sides can find a peaceful solution.
Democratic People's Republic of Korea.

You?
&gt;shoulder a hefty burden of the blame in the current state of affairs.

Why should they shoulder the blame when israel has been the aggressor for the last fifty years?


&gt;but I don't think any reasonably open minded person can fail to appreciate a bellicosity on the part of its neighbors.

Again not for the last fifty years.

For the last fifty years israel has been the aggressor.
&gt;Wrong. Egypt did not have "enough weaponry to strike back," whatever that means. They lost every war they started against Israel.

You can win the war and still get hurt.

Israel is a bully state. It does not pick fights with countries which can hit back.

&gt;Do you know what pragmatism means? If you were the commander-in-chief of an army, would you make the boneheaded move not to occupy a territory from which an enemy was attacking you?

You do realize that they are attacking because israel is occupying right?

People have the right to fight for their freedom.


&gt;Syria, Jordan, or Lebanon supply as much power, fuel, and humanitarian aid to Gaza as Israel does?

Do they kill hundreds of palestenians every year? Do they steal their land and build houses on it? Do they kill women and children there?


&gt;But no, you and the rest of your anti-Zionist buddies on Reddit are so simpleminded in your analysis of the situation

Proudly anti zionist. Just as you are proudly a zionist religious fundamentalist.

&gt; that you see every rocket fired into Gaza as evil, and every suicide bomber sent into Israel as justified.

People have the right to fight for their freedom. Just as the french resistance had the right to fight the nazis and the polish had the right to fight the nazis. 

The evil side is the one that invades and occupies and denies freedom to others.

Yes it's true. Denying freedom to others is evil (well for a non jew anyay. The jews have no problems with it).


&gt;and your blithe disregard of the millions of ordinary Israeli citizens who are not religious, not extremist, not supportive of their government's actions in Gaza and the West Bank, 

Israel is a democracy. If there were enough to matter this would have stopped long ago.

You are lying when you say there is some mass of israelis who do not support the apartheid. There are a few but not enough to make a difference.
&gt; Democratic People's Republic of Korea.

Well, that explains the mindless, robot-like nationalism, at any rate.  Shouldn't you be off marching in a parade?
&gt;So your basic response to my argument is that I dont listen, dont read, and am not as smart as you.

Yep. 

Only now it's time for the surprise:

I *was* addressing your point... with process rather than content. 

In other words, I didn't *tell* you the flaw in your argument... I *showed* you. 

You see, the prejudicial, dismissive attitude I displayed towards *you* ("you're not capable of listening and understanding because you're just a racist nutcase, etc, etc.") was exactly the same as yours about Iranians ("they're not capable of being reasonable because they're just Islamic nutcases, etc, etc"). 

How did it feel to be dismissed in that way? Was it unjust? Infuriating? Did you feel as if you had been condemned and written off without even having the chance to speak in your own defense? It was all those things, and it was unfair and unreasonable. 

It was a mean trick to play on you, and I apologize for having had to do it, even though I believe it was necessary and would do it again. 

So how do you think that the Iranians feel? They only get to speak to us through *our* newspapers and televisions, with their words interpreted by people who are part of *our* culture and who *already believe* that they are all religious nutcases. 

How would you defend yourself to someone if you had to do it in their language, and the only available interpreter hated you? What would you do?

President Abamenajad (or howeverthehellyouspellit) wrote an open letter to President Bush awhile back, a frustrated effort to open some sort of dialogue between our two cultures. But Americans didn't even *read* it. We mostly just read what our press said *about* it, and felt happy to hear messages that confirmed our prejudices. 

Do I agree with everything that letter said? Hell no. But it had its own underlying reasoning, which had some merit. It could have served as the starting point for a discussion, if we, as Americans, had risen to the occasion. 

But we failed. We didn't read. We didn't answer. We didn't talk. We just assumed.

And I'm sorry to have to say this, but we failed because there are a lot of people like you around. Your problem is not that you're ignorant of the relevant history, because we all could stand to pay more attention to that. 

Your problem is that you do not think there is anything *to* understand. You really seem to think that you know everything there is to know about the situation, that these people are just evil and wrong and bad, and that's all there is to it. 

But if there's one thing I *do* know, it's that people have complicated motivations. Even the ones we don't like. People remember their own history, and it's important to them. 

So, do me a favour, even though it may be difficult to stomach. Google the name "Kermit Roosevelt Jr". (I won't provide you a link, so you can be sure I'm not just feeding you slanted propaganda.) 

Read what you find. Try to imagine (I know it will be hard, but *try*) how an Iranian might feel about what you just learned. 

Then perhaps we talk.
[deleted]
I have to respectfully disagree with that interpretation of events. I don't think most observers of events for the last 50 years would  agree with that opinion, nor do I suspect you would if the roles were reversed. 

Somehow however I suspect I will fail to convince you, and perhaps it isn't important to do so. I will just reiterate that I hope peaceful compromise is achieved soon and that everyone can put aside the sunk costs and look forward to a joint future.
And so you insist on being treated fairly, but are unwilling to be fair. You insist on being listened to, but are unwilling to listen. You despise the race, religion, and culture of others, and yet you wonder why they then do the same to you. 

You think I'm spewing hippie bullshit, then? Fine, fuck you. I've kicked more ass than you've sat on, and in the process I've had some sense knocked into me, the hard way. I was hoping to pass it on, but you'll just have to learn the hard way, too.

Neocon bullshit like yours is not just the reason America has to fight all the time, but also the reason why we do it so poorly despite having all the nice toys. Because we've stopped being smart, determined fighters who plan carefully before killing their enemies, and started acting like a bunch of neurotic dumbfucks who believe their own war propaganda. 

*Of course* you say your enemies are a bunch of crazy homicidal nun-rapists with tiny foreheads. But you say that to *other people*. When you start being flat-out dumb enough to believe it yourself, you get into fights you don't need to (Iraq, Vietnam), and you can't win the fights you need to fight (Afghanistan).

Now go google "Kermit Roosevelt Jr", dumbfuck. Or are you too chickenshit to hear facts that don't support your little mental security blanket?

I swear, you could almost respect neocons if they were just bellicose and goal-oriented. But every time you come close they do something to remind you how fucking weak they are, as well.
&gt;I don't think most observers of events for the last 50 years would agree with that opinion, nor do I suspect you would if the roles were reversed.

Tell me which wars you think israel didn't start in the last fifty years.

&gt;I will just reiterate that I hope peaceful compromise is achieved soon and that everyone can put aside the sunk costs and look forward to a joint future.

Keep hope alive. Israel has been unwilling to end it's occupation for forty years and I don't think it's going to anytime soon.

The only way the occupation is going to end is if the palestenians get their hands on some weaponry and figure out how to hurt israel in a serious way.

So far israel has been willing to put up with a few unguided rockets being lobbed over the wall (which rarely kill anybody).

If the palestenians every get their hands on some anti tank weapons, anti aircraft weapons, chemical or biological weapons israel will immediately sign a peace deal.
[deleted]
You don't think it would be a big deal to them that we sponsored a coup against their democratically elected government? You don't think that might, you know, piss someone off a little bit? 

Make them, say, want to overthrow your puppet government, storm your embassy, and take all your diplomats and intelligence agents hostage? 

Of course, we can say, "So what? It was in our interest to do so, and we could get away with it." But then we don't get to fool ourselves and say "They're a bunch of senseless nutcases who hate us for no reason."

Not to ourselves, anyway. Believing your own lies is bad strategy. It makes you do stupid things. 

Look, getting into fights in the middle east isn't a primary goal, except for scared teenage boys who need to feel tough. It's only worthwhile if it makes our lives better. 

Personally, I do not give a screaming blue fuck if Iran gets the bomb, and it and Israel turn each other into smoking craters (not that either one of them would be stupid enough to start that exchange, only America seems to be that colossally dumb). 

What I care about is that we are consistently fucking around in the middle east, and getting our asses kicked because we aren't being smart about it. We're bankrupting ourselves fighting over a resource that is going away, and there isn't going to be any more of it. 

The reason we need to be talking with these people is because we can't afford to fight them. We need that money to build breeder reactors, and get off oil altogether. That's going to cost a lot, and we need to start now, before it's too late. 

And hare-brained ideologies like yours hurt that effort, because you're not keeping your eye on the ball, here. 

You think the goal is to beat or contain the "sub-human crazies". But they aren't. They're just people with their own interests that are pursuing. And we don't need to waste our time fighting them unless they get between us and the *real* goal, which is our own prosperity and well-being. 

Right now, we can't afford another fight. The Iraqis are beating us the same way we beat the Soviets... by forcing us to spend ourselves into bankruptcy.

And for what? Oil certainly isn't any cheaper. Our lives aren't any better. Where's my fucking *payoff*? 

Do you get it now? They hate us because we fuck with them. We overthrow their governments, invade their countries, subvert their leaders into collaboration, all to get what's buried under their feet. 

So what's their counter-tactic? Make it more expensive than it's worth. And they have succeeded. 

So our smartest strategy is to pull out of the region, let Israel stew (what have they ever done for us?), and build breeder reactors. The only reason to continue messing with them (and make no mistake, that's what weapons inspections are) is stupid, childish, pride. 

That's the problem with neocons. They think they're master strategists, but they're really a bunch of dumbfucks who are bluffing on a pair of threes because they're to attached to their macho self-image to fold and wait for the next hand. 

They just don't have the kind of sustained, calculating patience that is necessary for empire-building. They just go into psycho mode and blast away for six months, then go all emo and start sobbing "Why you *love* me?" at the people they've just been bombing.

That's what I'm on about here. Iranians are just looking out for Iran. It's not about Islam, any more than it's about Jesus for Americans. It's about at the end of the day, whether their lives suck or not. 

America is doing stuff that makes their lives suck, and they want it to stop. So they're going to try and make our lives suck. Now, we can have a big fucking griefing-each-other-contest, and make everyone's life suck, or we can ask ourselves whether this is worth it at all, and go home, and concentrate on making our own lives better. 

But that's on *us*. Because we can call it quits. They can't, because this is where they live. This is their home. They're not the ones trying to send inspectors into *our* country.
It's a good thing that your grasp of a complex, 1500-year old conflict is as deep as some unrealistic battle of good-vs-evil. I see that your interpretation of international geopolitics is identical to George Bush's.

What gives you the impression that I'm a religious fundamentalist? Every argument I've given has been political and historical. I'm an agnostic. Not once did I justify Israel's existence on the Bible, and I never will. You're just making shit up about me as you go along. 

Logically: if Israel was occupying the Golan Heights, how could Syria fire rockets at Israel from the Golan Heights? Syria wasn't fighting for its freedom, they were attacking a sovereign nation. Israel acted in her self defense and occupied the heights afterwards. Regardless of your opinions of Israel's right to exist, Israelis have just as much right to defend their own lives as anyone else. This also goes for the West Bank, which was part of *Jordan*, and *not* under Israeli occupation, when the Fedayeen were attacking. 

&gt;People have the right to fight for their freedom. Just as the french resistance had the right to fight the nazis and the polish had the right to fight the nazis.

Uh, you're missing one particular group.

&gt;Israel is a democracy. If there were enough to matter this would have stopped long ago.

Really? I'm glad that in your democracy, people vote on things and they happen immediately. Because in *my* democracy, bureaucracy is impenetrable, decisions are executed years after they're made, and political leaders make decisions in spite of what they were elected for.

&gt;Denying freedom to others is evil (well for a non jew anyay. The jews have no problems with it).

Stop making broad religious generalizations. It makes you sound like a third grader. Anyone with the slightest bit of political acumen knows that this is a political battle between two secular, genetically identical groups of people. It's the idiots who make this into a religious issue (Hamas, Shas, you) that are making the problems worse.
&gt;It's a good thing that your grasp of a complex, 1500-year old conflict is as deep as some unrealistic battle of good-vs-evil. 

Don't give me that shit. The only people who believe this is some 1500 year old conflict are religious nutbags who believe that the bible describes real events and that god promised them some land.

The conflict started when israel was formed (just before actually).


&gt;What gives you the impression that I'm a religious fundamentalist? 

The fact you think this is a 1500 year old conflict is a big clue. The fact you are an apologist for a forty year occupation is another one.

&gt;Logically: if Israel was occupying the Golan Heights, how could Syria fire rockets at Israel from the Golan Heights?


It's your position that israel is not occupying the golan heights? Hey look another piece of evidence that you are a religious zealot.


&gt;Israel acted in her self defense and occupied the heights afterwards. 

That's against international law.

&gt;Israelis have just as much right to defend their own lives as anyone else.

Sure they do. 


&gt;This also goes for the West Bank, which was part of Jordan, and not under Israeli occupation, when the Fedayeen were attacking.

The fact you can completely ignore the last forty years of occupation tells me you are religious zealot who is unable to process reality.

&gt;Uh, you're missing one particular group.

Do tell.

&gt;Really? I'm glad that in your democracy, people vote on things and they happen immediately. 

Forty fucking years of occupation. Every other nation on the planet has advanced in the last forty years. Israel hasn't.


&gt;Stop making broad religious generalizations. 

Why? ALmost every jew on reddit is pro occupation. Almost every jew on the planet is pro keeping jerusalem.  When you see fucked up jews on reddit calling for wiping iran off the map you never see other jews come up and condemn them.

On the other hand people like you pester people who criticize jews for post after post. I have had jews argue with me for weeks because I say something bad about israel.


&gt;It's the idiots who make this into a religious issue (Hamas, Shas, you) that are making the problems worse.

Yea that's right. It's my fault israel has carried out a forty year apartheid regime. Jews are the light of the world. They can never do anything wrong.

Only if it wasn't for me the poor palestenians would be free by now. It has nothing to do with apartheid deniers and occupation apologists like yourself. It's entirely the fault of people who say bad things about jews.
I will try to be the change I seek. You can pursue your own course. 

Thank you for the debate.
&gt; Israel has been unwilling to end it's

"its," the possessive, not the contraction of "it is."

For a programmer your grammar sucks.
Well I have my stalker to correct me so I don't care that much.

Do you masturbate when you read my posts?
&gt; Do you masturbate when you read my posts?

Nope.
Whew. 

I am glad to know you are not THAT kind of a stalker. Just the harmless online stalker type.

Great. Keep stalking boy.

Summary:
I don't think it means what you think it means.
It is what it is.
It's not like that at all.
I dont think the Iranian people are crazy.
The same one that says Iran can't have them.
If *you* were Israel, would *you* destroy your nuclear weapons?
But you say that to *other people*.
Even the ones we don't like.
Israel has no desire for peace at all.
That's what I'm on about here.
The same could be said about the US.
I don't think most of America knows what it actually means.
&gt;If you were Israel, would you destroy your nuclear weapons?
That also applies to israel.
Do you think Syria should have nuclear weapons?
And how do you know when it first had nuclear weapons?
I think most people here think the true enemy is in Israel.
You use that word like you know what it means.
The jews have no problems with it).
That seems to be it.
Well, some of Israel is fanatics, but not all.
You do realize that they are attacking because israel is occupying right?
They lost every war they started against Israel.
Iranians are just looking out for Iran.
It made peace with Egypt.
I dont think Israel should exist in the first place.
I  just want to be sure it is an NPT signatory state!
I just want to be sure it is an NPT signatory state!
People have the right to fight for their freedom.
They can't, because this is where they live.
Iran is looking for nuclear technology to support their people through both peaceful and military means.
You have killed a thousand of them for every one of you.
Tell me which wars you think israel didn't start in the last fifty years.
That doesn't mean its not all made up.
That's why we have been fucking up their lives for about a hundred years now, and don't they just know it.
the jewish nation of israel?
Your problem is that you do not think there is anything *to* understand.
But Iran is perfectly legal, just like Israel is perfectly legal not to sign the NPT.
I don't think he's suggesting anything, just stating the facts.
You said it is "unable to make peace with it's neighbors."
How is it that no one here thinks Iran has something to hide?
&gt;The same one that says Iran can't have them.
But that don't mean that religious people can't act rationally.
It is a theocratic government.
It made peace with Jordan.
Israel is not the only democracy in the middle east.
It makes you do stupid things.
So how do you think that the Iranians feel?
Last time I checked they were.
(This assumes that Israel could ever prove that it has destroyed all of its weapons.)
Do you know what pragmatism means?
Do you get it now?
I don't think Israel has nuclear weapons and that's why they don't want any inspections... because the idea of having those weapons is a deterrent.
It just makes you look even worse.
I do wish though that Israel would stop being a rogue state and sign these international treaties banning nuclear weapons.
Well, that other country signed a treaty saying it wouldn't acquire nuclear weapons.
And don't tell me, I know, too much eyeliner.
You should specify which part of Israel you mean.
And, to get to your point, why aren't we treating Israel and Iran the same ?
It clearly is unable to make peace with it's neighbors.
I don't think that is hopelessly biased.
Israel has been unwilling to end it's occupation for forty years and I don't think it's going to anytime soon.
I agree with Strike in this case.
I think Iranian leaders have acted more rationally in their politics that US government.
The conflict started when israel was formed (just before actually).
"they are in a war with the Palestinians".
So they're going to try and make our lives suck.
Well they have that's why the NPT was created.
And now the countries that have attacked Israel repeatedly want nuclear weapons doesn't bother you?
It's entirely the fault of people who say bad things about jews.
That is just not true.
The problem is, it seems to be one rule for Israel, and another for the rest of the world.
That's the problem with neocons.
You keep using that word.
You said its illegal, and now I'm questioning why.
Israel didn't enter into the NPT or any other treaty that forbid nuclear weapons.
It was in our interest to do so, and we could get away with it."
They hate us because we fuck with them.
Don't give me that shit.
Surely you can't mean the whole country.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.88
