Original Response:
Now that's big news. Didn't know this. I guess you won't see the USA going over there to help them build safe nuclear power plants, will we?

BTW, if they do decide to expand their nuclear plants, they should consider [thorium reactors](http://www.cosmosmagazine.com/node/348), instead.
hell, we ought to start reducing the deficit by shipping our coal over there, we have plenty.
Wow. I guess they are as short-sighted as we are.
here's a good question:

does anyone know who supplies chinese coal? do the chinese import most of the coal, or is it domestically produced?
From googling around, most is domestically produced. A little bit is imported, but almost as much is exported as imported. They'll probably keep ramping up domestic mining, since they have huge coal reserves and don't care very much for the lives of their miners, keeping costs down...
I believe that most of their brown coal, used to generate electricity, they mine domestically.

However I think a large chunk of their black coal, which is used in steel production comes from Australia.
[deleted]
how large is the steel industry in china? 


this is where i'm going with this. if china is right now experiencing a shortage of 'brown coal' as you say, the cheapest method of production vis a vis infrastructure development should go toward the larger domestic coal production companies. the largest domestic coal producer is shenhua energy, which is right now, as far as i can see, at a YTD low on the hang seng. 

why is it, then, that market analysts have bad prospects for the coal companies in china? is there a piece of the puzzle that's missing, here?
[deleted]
It would be a tragedy if China ran out of coal for a few days and became unable to continue killing the earth with toxic fumes.
Or you know, running. I'm pretty sure they are doing it for more than spite.

By the way, do you live in a peat moss hut?
"China only has enough coal for 12 days of consumption, three days less than a month ago"

So, this'll last them four months?
Give him a minute to turn the crank on his OLPC laptop and he'll respond.
I hope they can hold off until Christmas.
Ahh alright, that shouldn't be too long, I was afraid I was going to have to wait for high tide or the sunrise.
[deleted]
Can anyone explain to me what 12 days worth of coal actually means? Obviously they're not running out in 12 days, otherwise they'd've known years ago.
Good job American can continue the good work, then.
Not that I'm really concerned about CO2 emissions, but on a per-capita basis, China emits less than a quarter of what the United States does.

If you're wondering where in the US all that carbon is coming from, [look no further](http://blog.wired.com/wiredscience/2008/04/new-high-res-ma.html).  This map is weighted per-capita, so it's not simply a display of population density.
[deleted]
It means that they have twelve days worth stockpiled for usage, so if all coal mining and imports stopped immediately for some reason, they could last for twelve days before running out completely.
Pah! As long as they hold on to Tibet (the territory claimed by the "free Tibet" crowd), there will never be any shortage of coal or such.
Or more wind...
At some point in the past production was higher than consumption. The rate of consumption has surpassed the rate of production, therefore the surplus of the previous state is being consumed. At the current rate of consumption the surplus will be consumed in twelve days.
Shortages (and long queues) are ALWAYS caused by government intervention, more specifically administred prices, be it for coal or socialized medicine or whatever else is managed. Limits on prices are popular with the masses but they prevent profits and capital accumulation and therefore further investments in that field. Also once a shortage has started it never dissapears until price liberalisation.
well, eventually they were goina have to do figure out another power source. and clearly its goina be rice power ^_^
this is why they "will bring online as many as to 30 new nuclear power plants over the next 15 years"... http://www.larouchepub.com/other/2005/3208china_htr.html
today I was waiting for the bus, which was about half an hour late, and indeed a long queue had been made as we waited.

Thinking back to my time in Perth, where the public transport system was owned by the government and where I hardly ever had to wait for a late bus, I wondered to myself 'gee, and I thought a free market was a good thing'.

In fact the delays in trains, busses and trams has been steadily on the rise for the past three years, ever since the Victorian government sold off the public transport system to various budding 'free market' types.
Basically, if they stopped receiving new coal, their existing supplies would only last 12 days.

Good, they should switch to nuclear.  It's one of the cleanest and produces little radioactive waste.
[deleted]
Do you have a link so that I can document  myself more on this? Given your description, most likely the private company has a mandate to keep the service within certain "socially responsible" range (eg:mandated price ranges or mandated routes and frequencies).
I word of caution people.  I know there seems to be a lot of anti-China sentiment around here.  But China is HEAVILY invested in the U.S.  So if something bad happens in China we here in the U.S are in A LOT of trouble. Just wanted to say that before the China is bad, China pollutes we don't need China comments start pouring in.
Speaking of short-sightedness.  Would it kill the Chinese government to provide paper face masks for their coal workers?  It couldn't possibly cost more than the loss of productivity when those workers start getting sick.

I wonder if those workers are as clueless about the dangers as our workers were 100 years ago.
&gt;It's one of the cleanest and produces little radioactive waste.

...that lasts for a million or so years...
Upmodded for a great question! Dunno
It's that damn epicanthal fold...
What will the world do when China can no longer waste coal to manufacture knock-off plastic toys processed from petroleum by-products?
I agree that in theory the freemarket works perfectly, but then again Japan ran out of butter recently.  People are dumb enough to cause little ripples now and then.
[deleted]
or not.
what is that?
Stand by and hope they do not go aggressive.
Well, better than the tons of caustic chemicals and pollutants that creates an immediate impact on the environment.
Guessing Olympics related--they're trying to cut down on air pollution.
[deleted]
Like the communists give a shit about people...
in theory, the free market always works perfectly. i know this as a ron paul supporter. the reality, unfortunately, is that although the free market works perfectly, a free market is never truly possible in today's world because of the ability of the few to concentrate power. that's what is happening here, if you step back. 



at the same time, to insinuate that shortages are always caused by gov. intervention is a ridiculous and shortsighted assertion. price 'liberalisation' is what happened to the market for managed care.

look, as an economist, i have to be honest with you, no matter what happens, even though i want to believe everything Paul is saying and he has solid grounding, markets experience failure.
They have an excess amount of people.  Replacements for unskilled workers is not an issue.  They likely see it as two problems solving themselves.
Isn't it time we start demanding more "smarts" from our leaders?
sounds like we are a chinese goldmine over here!
/me farts, waits for response.
[deleted]
Get ready for the Invasion.  They'll attack us for our coal.
...and assuming utilisation rate remains as it is.
it's a fuck fuck situation!
Um, I think I said coal. Are you expecting us to *give* coal to the chinese? Seriously? you should be a carebare, Bleedingheart.
The slanty eyes.

_...I'm trying to continue the flat downward trend of this thread_
yeah, leave it for the future generations to deal with.
Preferable to leaving future generations dead to pollutants.  The first concern is to live *now*, which includes energy production.
The U.S. "democracy" isnt much better..
_25% of all incarsarated people are incarsarated there!_
Future generations may likely have more efficient ways of getting into space so they could just jettison the waste into the Sun.  With your kind of attitude the pyramids would've never been built.  Why bother building something that won't be finished in my lifetime?
don't they have wal-marts? thats where is get my coal for the BBQ.
Hahahahhah, this is hilarious!
[deleted]
I dunno, on my screen this thread has a down and to the right slope.
[deleted]
Indeed i were, thanks, edited now..
&gt; I wonder if those workers are as clueless about the dangers as our workers were 100 years ago.

China *is* us 100 years ago, Mao set them back many decades. Before long they will be catching up and shooting off ahead.
&gt; I word of caution people. I know there seems to be a lot of anti-China sentiment around here.

The CIA propaganda machine is working very hard on this issue. Business as usual for them, since the public "bought" the Iraq war they had to find something else to do with their budget.
That's exactly what "25% of all incarsarated people are incarsarated there!" means. Unless he changed his comment after you made yours.
Thank goodness this problem isn't trans-spectral!
mmm I find pyramids a nicer keepsake, legacy if you will than umm... nuclear waste. Different strokes for different folks I suppose.
Let's get 'em!
It's worse than you think. Just a month ago they had 15 days worth. They went through 25% of the current amount of ALL "backup" or Plan B coal in one month.

Worse still is that this is a rapid acceleration.
Propaganda ? In America? Lies I say, ALL LIES !
...or intergalactic.
The world is full of mandates. If your system can't work with a mandate, then it is nothing more than an idealist's dream.
Yeah ... all of those tainted drugs, lead painted toys, poisonous pet food, and deadly toothpaste would stop to a halt ...
Under 1% of the population is in jail at any given time.
Why? We haven't built any in decades.
This comment thread must be Chinese!
The radioactive waste from nuclear power plants can be safely contained and held onto (in fact, there is research into finding ways of reusing the waste).  There would also be less waste than you would expect, as nuclear fission releases tons of energy.  In high school physics we calculated it and something on the order of kilograms of uranium can be used to create the same amount of electricity as tons of coal.  Moreover, coal mining is horrendous for the environment and releases insane amounts of crap into the air.

In fact, some of the waste that coal plants just throw into the air is radioactive but, unlike waste from a nuclear plant, it cannot be contained.

Just something to think about.
I'm putting bags of coal on ebay with a starting cost of $100 a bag. Profit.
15 years is a long wait when you have 12 days of supplies.
Theres a new mineral that was found in Russia - capable of cleaning radioactivity.

Take radioactive water, filter it through this chemical - you have drinking water.

[Citation - for you uninformed masses ;)](http://www.russiatoday.ru/news/news/13304)
A fleet of test reactors essentially. Keep in mind that everything in China is inherently big. For China to build 40 reactors is like for France to build 4 of them. What's telling is that they're building all kinds of different ones. And what it tells is that they're toying with nuclear power in order to grab all the nuclear tech they can. They won't get serious and build out nuclear power (ie, a thousand reactors) until they've settled on a design. And that's likely to be their own design. In about ten or twenty years. Before that happens they will be in deep shit.
Yeah, and the USA should consider fairy dust.
I wonder if it is clean coal.
Well it's not like the pyramids actually do anything.
&gt;its 10% tops.

It's about 1%.
Um, who's dealing with the environmental impact of burning coal and other fossil fuels, exactly?
Which he did.
rifle behind every blade of grass
Intergalactic Planetary Planetary Intergalactic Another Dimension
- Beastie Boys
I thought I heard recently that we were planning on expanding existing reactor plants in the USA. True, untrue?

I think, if we do anything in this world with nuclear power, we need to move more and more to thorium instead of uranium.
Good idea.

*One month later*

Oh god!  The supermarkets are just empty.  Just *freaking empty*!  Where am I going to get an anal douche for Matilde's wedding now?!
Wise words in such trying times.
Species 8472 is stealing China's coal and hiding it in fluidic space
[deleted]
How many days' worth do they usually have? We can't tell anything from this article without that info.

What if I told you I only had a week's worth of groceries in my house? Would you think I was going to stop eating after that?
is it just me or does that little gold "Made in in China" sticker on a Nuclear Reactor seem kinda scary?
Pwned.
I'm sure China will only be using the latest in nuclear plant technology. They're always on the cutting edge of these things.
Actually, we really must be concerned. It would be very bad if suddenly the supply of cheap goods stopped - as in riots-in-the-streets kind of bad. Whole factories depend on timely, regular shipments of goods ("just in time delivery") and would shut down in a day if that got stopped. For that matter *entire chains of stores* would run short of everything from A to Z.

As much as I hate our dependence on those communist squinty-eyed tyrants, if something happened and the USA tried to go 'cold turkey', the results would be UGLY.
That's actually scary.  I mean look at their stellar environmental record now.  Gee can't wait for them to have 30 nuclear facilities, I'm sure they'll be very careful.
[deleted]
Don't cross the streams.
&gt; That's actually scary

They already operate a bunch of nuclear power plants.

Meanwhile back in reality white people have been responsible for Chernobyl and three mile island.
&gt; I know there seems to be a lot of anti-China sentiment around here.

Around here?

As a rule, white people generally hate the Chinese almost as much as they love the Japanese.
&gt; communist squinty-eyed tyrants

Fucking white people.  I swear to god.
I don't know why you got voted down, that's the logical conclusion you could draw from the article. Probably less even since consumption is rising.
&gt; Stand by and hope they do not go aggressive.

If you're looking for aggressive races, why don't you go look in the mirror, whitey.
It's just you, because they already operate plenty of nuclear reactors without incident.

White people, on the other hand, have been bombing out deserts and pacific islands for fucking decades.

I don't even need to mention Chernobyl and Three Mile Island.

Yet it's the chinese that are scary.

Fucking idiot whitey.
Who was talking about 'races'?
Oh give me a break.
&gt;Meanwhile back in reality white people have been responsible for Chernobyl and three mile island.

I agree, but you have to admit it's a horror show over in China, nearly the entire countryside is a toxic waste dump.
[deleted]
Awww... what will they pump into Earth's atmosphere now? :*(
&gt; I agree, but you have to admit it's a horror show over in China, nearly the entire countryside is a toxic waste dump.

What the fuck?  Have you ever been to China?

Or are you just an armchair expert like every other white person in the world?
All three are verifiable facts.

And BTW, us awful horrible white people invented --- 

the computer you're using (which was begun by Charles Babbage, a white)...

the electricity that powers it (DC, converted  from AC-supplying power plants. both types were discovered &amp; described by whites)...

the plastic that makes the keyboard you're typing on (first ever plastic was Bakelite - another white first)...

the information infrastructure that powers Reddit and the Internet in general.(precursor ARPANET)...

Rather funny you using it all to bash whites, no?
I think it's an input/output kind of thing. They are using more than they can replenish from mining.
You've done this on several occasions.  And really, I wonder why. Please stop making uninformed assumptions. I'll state this as emphatically as I can for you once more.  Dude, I'm NOT white okay?   And no the entire country isn't destroyed but vast parts of China are extremely polluted. look:

[here](http://www.csmonitor.com/2008/0319/p09s01-coop.html)
[here](http://www.dbc.uci.edu/~sustain/suscoasts/krismin.html)

[here](http://www.wired.com/science/discoveries/news/2006/01/70107)
 [here](http://www.motherjones.com/news/feature/2008/01/the-last-empire.html)
There is a lot of difference between a market determined mandate of profits and a government imposed mandate of loses (aka "social responsibility").
Wise words
Protip: Not putting the source at the end makes it cooler.
Who said anything about race? Oh wait, you did.
...by stealing the plans from the US.
So what's your solution?
You mean all the stuff that's polluting our environment, draining the earth of natural resources, and causing untold cases of toxic poisoning in human and animal species around the world?

Or does none of that factor into your little ego trip, whiteboy?  By the way all of that is "verifiable".

Why don't you continue your little white supremacist rant about how classical european music is the best in the history of the world, whites putting a man on the moon, and all the rest of the same old tired stormfront BS?

And shouldn't be thankful to the Chinese anyway?  They invented the stuff that you and your kind used to rape and pillage the world for centuries.

Except I guess you would call it "civilizing the natives", right?
Three days less coal than a month ago??

I forgot chinese days last 240 hours, silly me.
They don't need to steal when they can buy. They bought EPRs from Areva. They've bought AP1000s from Toshiba's Westinghous. (You didn't think that was an American company, did you? :D). They've even built one of Eskom's PBMRs for no reason I can discern. They bought a couple CANDUs a long time ago. 

For all I know they've already bought VVERs from Atomstroyexport and ESBWRs from whomever which would mean they have a full set of the conventional technology. I don't think China has bought into the BN-800 Russia is building but breeders are next-generation technology anyways. So all they need now is to drag their heels until they cobble their own design together and then roll it out.

By the way, technology transfer is understood to be part of all those agreements. Either implicitly or explicitly. In fact, Areva was holding out because they didn't want to do technology transfer but they caved.
It's not like buried radioactive waste does anything either.
That number has been bumped up to 40.
Yeah, and why do you think that is exactly? It's because they're depending on coal. So what you want is for them to use more coal instead of nuclear power, right? Or do you want them to stay poor? Hah, that's it: like other anti-nuclear fanatics, you want them to just stay poor.
[deleted]
That's still a huge number.
Interesting. 

Do you think China will handle waste disposal in a safe manner?
He always does.
His username is pretty fucking inappropriate if you ask me. Either he's an ashamed white guy/girl or a racist.
Yes and no. I think that if they were left to themselves then they would screw it up a few times. I *don't* think that would be too catastrophic.

But I don't think they'll be left to themselves to begin with. China is just too big to ignore and they've got too many nuclear power plants.

And mostly, too many different countries have contracts with China either for technology transfer or fueling. It would reflect very badly on them if China screws anything up.

What clinches it for me is that by the time nuclear waste disposal becomes an issue, which will be decades from now, it will be an entirely different China handling it. A much richer China that's a lot more careful with the environment.

And as if that weren't enough, by the time that happens the next generation of nuclear power plants will be off the drawing boards and appearing in the field. There is a good chance that they will eat what's currently waste. 

With such NPPs around, it would become extremely difficult to mishandle waste disposal. Because all of the waste becomes either fuel to be burnt, or very short-lived fission products.

The advantage of the latter is that any kind of mishandling results in death. And that's a very, very good thing if you want to instill a safety-first culture.

Oh yeah, another thing you need to appreciate is that all the nuclear waste disposal problems are pretty much attached to military sites, research sites, or reprocessing sites. Not plain commercial power reactors.
That's some great information. It would have taken a long time to gather all of that. Thank you.
They should go for Iraq too, so they won't run out of oi ... oh wait, nevermind.
(From China:)

Bring the olympic flame ASAP (stop)

We need some light over here (stop)
Actually, no, it doesn't - Oscar Wilde
At least it's not back and to the left, like a Kennedy assassination
Typically I would leave it out, but I have found recently that people have been mistaking my quotes for maniacal ramblings.
That will teach you for being too obscure.
But the obscurity is what makes it fun!

Summary:
Would you think I was going to stop eating after that?
I wonder if it is clean coal.
I *don't* think that would be too catastrophic.
this is where i'm going with this.
I think that if they were left to themselves then they would screw it up a few times.
Three days less coal than a month ago??
So what you want is for them to use more coal instead of nuclear power, right?
And really, I wonder why.
It's because they're depending on coal.
And that's likely to be their own design.
I word of caution people.
&gt; I word of caution people.
do the chinese import most of the coal, or is it domestically produced?
thats where is get my coal for the BBQ.
It's worse than you think.
Just something to think about.
I'm sure China will only be using the latest in nuclear plant technology.
I think it's an input/output kind of thing.
It's one of the cleanest and produces little radioactive waste.
Um, I think I said coal.
I guess they are as short-sighted as we are.
&gt; I know there seems to be a lot of anti-China sentiment around here.
I believe that most of their brown coal, used to generate electricity, they mine domestically.
I know there seems to be a lot of anti-China sentiment around here.
It's not like buried radioactive waste does anything either.
15 years is a long wait when you have 12 days of supplies.
China is just too big to ignore and they've got too many nuclear power plants.
I guess you won't see the USA going over there to help them build safe nuclear power plants, will we?
I think, if we do anything in this world with nuclear power, we need to move more and more to thorium instead of uranium.
&gt; That's actually scary

They already operate a bunch of nuclear power plants.
Yeah, and why do you think that is exactly?
A much richer China that's a lot more careful with the environment.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.23
