Original Response:
That is fucking ridiculous.
Assholes
What the fuck did people think was going to happen?  I heard some fucking retard on the radio telling people to send money...yeah right.. 

The military was probably as happy as a pig in shit when this happened because they knew it would mean a big mess of free shit from all over the world that they could keep for themselves.  The people in this country should get of their asses and rebel against the fuckers.
How can people be so bad?
That's a fantastic question.  How can you want to rule a nation of people, but not care that the people are dying?  How self-obsessed must you be to think you're far more important than the lives of millions?
We're so afraid of pissing off China that we're going to let another 100,000 people die of starvation or water-borne disease.  I'm furious with my entire hemisphere, with the entire world, and I don't know what I can do about it.
Send 'em weapons. Do not invade, you only will make things worse (like in Vietnam or Iraq).
Just STOP calling Burma, Myanmar. 

Its a name the military Junta force on the country.
Let us all remember that while we sit on reddit at home, there are disaster and refugree relief workers who are actually out doing everything they can do help those in the most desperate of times.
Citizens of Burma, this may be a good time to kill your leaders. Democracy will never come to you, you have to take it.
Utterly pathetic.  Now they've gone and made international jokes of themselves.
Humankind is a fucking virus...
This is par for governments.  All governments, whether it is the 'evil' Chinese government, or Mugabe of Zimbabwe or Bush of the US.  Government is not the solution.
Concur!
[deleted]
How many foreign aid workers were allowed in to help after that enormous storm in 2005? Did the local government react promptly and without playing politics? Luckily there were no arguments about whether the national or local government should be in charge or ideological arguments about whether aid was even appropriate as the people chose to live there. Good the the world wasn't watching a cartoonish effort by uncaring and incompetent leadership. I mean, why be in power if you think you're more important than the lives of millions!

At least some good came of it when the people, realising their leaders had failed them, rose up and killed their leaders and restored democracy, prosperity and peace to their troubled land.
Need guns and bullets.
You will have to do far better than that.  Blanket assertions that all governments are equally bad are absurd.  While I agree with the underlying sentiment, with your general distaste for government, I cannot see it the way that some systems of governance are not superior to others with regard to protection of basic human rights.
They have been for over 50 years.
http://www.irrawaddy.org/article.php?art_id=10414
You meant to write, "...with such a flimsy grasp *of* English grammar."  

It's ironic that you should botch your own grammar while complaining of another's.
Send weapons. It will only make things better (like Laos, Afghanistan, Iraq, Israel, etc, etc).
What, the Associated Press?
[deleted]
What would you recommend, an invasion?
Amen
[deleted]
My five year old wants to mail notes to the people telling them "Hey the whole world is trying to help you, but your government is stealing the food and not letting us help." He thinks if the people found out they'd launch a total revolution. 
He's very excited about this idea. Revolutions are his favorite kind of war.
My grandparents are from Burma. They fled to India. Now they live Canada and they call it Myanmar. Nah. Just joking. They still call it Burma.
It came to me a while ago that some people think Africa and all these poor countries are hard to help because the people are stupid and incapable. But the true answer is the greedy and violent leaders are holding back everyone trapped there. How can people come from one country and go to America, then become successful with little or no help? It's because the country has good leadership and policies set in place to help the people and not individuals (polices are not the best but good enough to work).
Why do people have to make me sick to death of them so?

Fucking evil bastards.
Agreed. Hell, if we sent our armies in we might actually do some good here.

I'd help shoot those bastards.
Heh had me going for a minute there
[deleted]
I've never wanted to bitchslap someone so baldly...
[deleted]
But it doesnt matter that they've made a joke of themselves, does it? Dubya has made a joke of himself (well, again and again), but he's gonna live a comfy life and die a natural death at a ripe old age ...
I think he means hurricane Katrina. If not, the irony is killing me.
You are probably right. I was concentrating on Burma. I think I'll delete that other comment- his post makes a lot more sense in that light.
I question the profitability of such a drastic action? The ROI doesn't add up.
It would be nice if all of the family members of the junta, that are now living outside of Burma, were rounded up, put in prison, and all of their assets sold off to pay for the humanitarian mission. If I recall, there is a sizable mansion in Switzerland somewhere and one punk kid going to UC Davis, I think, who drives around in fancy sports cars and throws stupid parties.

The problem is, China is not going to do jack shit about anything - why? Because they are sucking all of the natural gas and most of the food exports from Burma dry, to sustain their... well, unsustainable growth.

All of those gas and food price increases that sparked the monk protests a few weeks back... yes, all of that inflation has been caused by the military junta selling out too much of their natural resources to China at ridiculously low prices.

Burma, for all intensive purposes is a vassal state of China. So if China doesn't step up, the rest of the world blinks, and hundreds of thousands of innocent people starve to death.
Well, it's not ideal...
How many foreign aid workers were allowed in to help after that enormous storm in 2005? Did the local government react promptly and without playing politics? http://groups.google.com/group/lasthairstyle/web/hairstyle Luckily there were no arguments about whether the national or local government should be in charge or ideological arguments about whether aid was even appropriate as the people chose to live there. Good the the world wasn't watching a cartoonish effort by uncaring and incompetent leadership. I mean, why be in power if you think you're more important than the lives of millions!

At least some good came of it when the people, realising their leaders had failed them, rose up and killed their leaders and restored democracy, prosperity and peace to their troubled land.
It's a natural disaster, part of the cyle of nature as scientists studying any other species would insist. There should be a news blackout and let the planet heal. How else are human populations supposed to stabilize?
As I would expect from a Redditor child.

Well done, person who's name is ambiguous in respect to gender, well done.
[deleted]
You're not bringin' any weapons? ...Then you're not gonna change nothin'
Hint: thought of username whilst pregnant.

Ha, and if I say something he doesn't know he'll actually ask, "Oh did you read that on Reddit?" It's sad actually. :-)
Ramen
Ramen
Didn't downmod you. Yes, I think it's wrong to invade ANY country (unless they attack you in a Pearl Harbor style with their Army &amp; stuff). 

&gt;STOP INVADING ANY COUNTRY?

Lemme laugh. Who am I talking with, Goebbels ? Listen, the world did OK for thousands of years without USA invading anyone and you can bet it could do the same for some more thousands of years. You are not sent by God to sort out the stuff for us. You supported more criminal regimes than toppled. And nobody attacked you because you had slaves or because you attacked Mexico. Just take care of your own shit, here I agree with you ("and WTF are you doing to change things in America").

I'm not an American.
Oh it's not profitable and it will never happen, but those people will die if nothing (which is the most likely thing) changes.

One can hope but not expect.
The context of this discussion is federal governments.  I believe in strong local government; the strongest and most local, being self-government.

I can log onto Reddit *any* day of the week and read about how some guy got his catheter ripped out by a government employee, or a no-knock raid that leaves a guy shot and in jail by government employees... or an 82-year old man tased in his bed....by governmen employees.  All this under a putative system of government many think of as a democratically elected Republic... one that we consider superior.
http://www.motherjones.com/news/feature/2006/07/rock_the_junta.html

An interesting look at what you are saying, as seen through a 'rebellious' rock group in Burma.  Check it out.
I say let the Burmese rebel. We can help them with resources. We shouldn't step in until China does (which is inevitable, but at least they will look bad in front of the UN).
We should send strategists, money and weapons to rebels. If we go in there it will make the current situation much, much worse and the locals will end up resenting us. Check out Iraq sometime.
Iraq = We are not there to help.

This would be us going in not to make money, which is why it would never happen. You do have a good idea though but whatever happens, these pigs of a ruling class need to be done with. Does anybody know where I can donate to these suffering civilians?
&gt;for all intensive purposes

Woah, that's intense!

Good post though, a lot of good information.
And you wouldn't want to look bad in front of the UN!
It can help to have them on your side.
wat
If you are into strongly worded statements threatening more statements. Other than that the UN is a paper tiger.
I don't mean in a military manner. In the public arena it helps. PR wise.

Summary:
How can people be so bad?
What the fuck did people think was going to happen?
Iraq = We are not there to help.
I mean, why be in power if you think you're more important than the lives of millions!
I was concentrating on Burma.
It can help to have them on your side.
We can help them with resources.
I think he means hurricane Katrina.
I say let the Burmese rebel.
I don't mean in a military manner.
How can people come from one country and go to America, then become successful with little or no help?
Government is not the solution.
Oh it's not profitable and it will never happen, but those people will die if nothing (which is the most likely thing) changes.
Its a name the military Junta force on the country.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
