Original Response:
[deleted]
Delicious, delicious horse piss.
Is the answer CHLAMYDIA?
I guessed Nazism.
Is it yerba matte?
MMMMM Yerba matte.  Comes from argentina, is very delicious, will make you happy, totally legal (for now, ohhhh EVIL XANTHINE!)

damn you roomate for drinking it all.
Potassium? Oh wait, wrong country.
Just wait till they start selling argentine-sourced human colostrum at whole foods.  mmmm...argentasty
So, 200000 litres to produce one gram of hormone, a hormone which has only has a 5% chance of working. That's more inefficient than an SUV.
from wikipedia: 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colostrum

Beestings redirects here: or you may have wanted bee sting or beasting.
I'm a bit confused.  A bit of wikipedia'ing says that Argentina's exports of soy products are worth about $5 billion a year, and this is worth.... tens of millions of dollars a year?  Did I miss something in the article?

Seems like hyperbole in the headline?
Not really... Most valuable export as in...export with the highest value, not export that generates the most revenue.
I understand the urge to create a child, I understand the desire to pass on our own genes, but with so many children in the world in need of love and care, I really get upset at stories like this.  There are children all over the world who would love it if you were their parents.  Go find one, take him home, and experience all the love and joy you would in your own biological child.  As a kind of added bonus, you even get to skip labour pains.
The highest value per what?

If it's per volume and/or weight, than isn't it, like, any licensing from Intellectual Property?  Or any licensing?  Surely American companies advertise on Argentinian TV and pay fair amounts of money for use of the airwaves, making these ethereal "products" infinitely valuable by such an analysis?

Really poor sensationalism.
Only if you could export the airwaves for sale in another country. But you can't. They're stuck in Argentina... making buckets of piss a more valuable export.
I guessed Solyent Green™.
No, they import that. 
http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/04/international/americas/04argent.html?sq=argentina%20nazi&amp;st=nyt&amp;scp=2&amp;pagewanted=print&amp;position=
Fuck that. If I'm going to go through the trouble and expense of raising my own kid he or she might as well be my own blood.
Close!
&gt; my own blood.

You're doing it wrong...
Clearly we need a PUV.
Shucks.
It could be worse.
I'm down for any story that includes the phrase "somewhere deep within the pungent molecules of senescent whiz."

Pure poetry.
I think I can guarantee that by the time you age a bucked of, as the author says, "senescent whiz" for a few days, you've got the PU part locked down.
Are we talking about Rolling Rock or PBR?

Or Icehouse, referred to in my family as "headache in a can."
On behalf of my wife and our adopted daughter: Fuck you. And the horse you rode in on.
&gt; The drug works by the application of a “massive doses of follicles that stimulate the ovary to produce a great quantity of ovum,”

I think they mean that the drug works by inducing production of "massive doses of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) that stimulate the ovary to produce a great quantity of ovum."

GnRH causes FSH production, and FSH causes ovum production. Follicles are immature ovum.
See, that point of view I can completely understand.  What I don't get about unamerican's statement is this little gem:

&gt;I understand the desire to pass on our own genes

If you understand that, then you would understand that Adoption is ruled out.  If you Adopt, you fail to pass on your genes.
I understand that too, but there's no reason that people who aren't perfectly healthy and capable of creating a child can't adopt either.  Yet somehow the vast, vast majority do not do this because they have the means to have their own children. Wealthy infertile people also have the means to have their own children, but because it requires additional steps, they get shit for it. And somehow that's acceptable, even though (I assume, since you're on reddit) you would never say to someone, "I can't believe you're getting an abortion, there are women all over the world who would love it if your child was theirs."

Yes, it sucks that there are unwanted children in the world, but that's not solely the problem of infertile people. They already have to deal with enough without being criticized for having the exact same biological urges as everyone else on the planet. How about people stop judging each other for such unbelievably personal choices?
MGD. Or Natural Ice. Mmmm.
Slightly off-topic, but maybe interesting: a friend of mine is taking a GnRH analog in an attempt to treat menorrhagia related to constantly elevated FSH and LH levels. Taken for more than a few days, GnRH will supress the release of sex hormones entirely. I believe that's how menopause works. This stuff - nafarelin - is probably the single most expensive substance I've come in contact with at $930/gram.
Thought it was going to be scat porn. But that's Brazil.
Someone tell me if the fact that I know what menorrhagia is without looking it up is unusual.
Do you get upset at anybody who chooses to have their own children rather than adopt, or only those who have some trouble and need some help to manage it?
Isn't it wonderful that all those women are donating the urine for nothing.

I think they should all be showered in gold!
[deleted]
Oh, how the mighty have fallen - from silver to piss!
Are you a male? If that's the case you can't ever be 100% sure anyway.

Other than that I fully agree - I'm not gonna spend my time and money to ensure someone stranger's gene line survival. If I was sterile I'd buy a dog.
&gt;At least I hope not.

Why do you hope not? A lot of medicines come from "weird" sources- does that mean you will refuse to take them?
Yeah, the product is way too expensive to make. I can't believe they spend all that money for 1 gram, which gives possibly 5 out of 100 women a chance at pregnancy.

"clinically significant". 
Clinically significant my ass.
FARK YOU! I was having my lunch when I opened this link :(
You have experience?
Honestly, he didn't speak poorly of adoption. He merely stated that he wouldn't like to do it. Neither would I.
Then you should also help pass laws that make adoption easier, especially for same sex couples.  Sure, they've got tons of kids to give away, but it's hard to receive them.
Nonsense, you can be 100% sure. 
Aside from less difficult methods, you could observe the woman for a period before the time at which you wish to conceive, then have quite a bit of sex, observing her between bouts. Finally, observe her more until it's all done with.
Nobody can stay awake for that long!
Well there was that 3 year old kid, and a few random others. You could always have her handcuffed to yourself and lock yourselves in a room at night with an incredibly complicated locking mechanism involving super heavy steel doors and other safeguards to prevent unauthorized nightly entry or exit.
Adopting isn't as easy as some people make it sound. There's a lot of background checks, etc. and if your past or present lifestyle isn't mainstream enough, you're out of luck.
I guess I could hire that 3 year old kid to keep an eye on my wife. He'd have to agree to be castrated beforehand though.
If I were carrying buckets of piss, I think I'd wear something with more coverage than flip-flops.
I thought it was about gays. I heard that Argentina has the largest percentage of homosexuals.
But he adopted the horse!
The Weblog: Making interesting news vulgar since 1999.
Two 16 year old kids high on meth, rutting in the backseat of a used Honda Accord can create a child that the state will consider theirs.

You want to adopt that kid, and your neighbors get interviewed, you do a shit load of paperwork, your bank records are scrutinized, and you pay thousands and thousands of dollars.

We are way too tough on prospective adoptive parents. Some due dilligence should be done, but the hoops people have to jump through is ridiculous now.
Upvoted for backin' me up :)
&gt;Are you a male? If that's the case you can't ever be 100% sure anyway.

I'm not sure which kind of women you are used to, but that's another topic altogether. The argument you use is actually demeaning to both men and women. And nowadays, with genetic testing, the degree of certainty is practically 100% anyway.

As for your main point, why do we waste so much time and money of securing nurseries then? Why don't we distribute kids using a queue? Surely only insensible, racist people who hold such antiquated concepts as biological affinity would object, right?

If I couldn't have kids, I would most likely adopt. But to say that "it's the same thing" fails to consider the simple fact that the overwhelming majority of adoptions are ade exactly because of difficulties in having their own.

It's not PC to say so, but people naturally prefer to have kids who are biologically theirs. Why this basic condition of human existence seems to be so disliked by some is a mystery to me; no wonder kids are being takes from they "biological parents" and given to other couples who are "richer": once  biological ties are considered something minor the very concept of family goes out the window.
&gt;On behalf of my wife and our adopted daughter: Fuck you. And the horse you rode in on.

Well, if you are going to take this personally,  and following the same logic, in the name of both my parents who decided to have me instead of adopting some other kid, fuck you!

You did a choice, and I'm sure you're absolutely happy with it and completely fulfilled and satisfied. Just because other people say something quite natural - that they would not adopt if they could have kids of their own with the person of their liking   - doesn't mean that they are attacking parents that adopt, or that they would not adopt otherwise.

As far as I know most adoptions follow this same logic.
While I am sure i am going to be downmodded by a bunch of juno fanatics and don't get me wrong, theres nothing wrong with adoption, Its just that your giving up your chance for immortality by doing so. Yes, i know that sounds crazy but when you look at things at a much larger scale your achievements have little worth, they will well forgotten in a century or three. If you don't believe me, do you have a record of what your ancestors did a century ago? two hundred years ago? Three? If your lucky you may have a name and a faint recollection of tales but thats it. In another 2 hundred years its likely even that sense of heritage will be lost. 

There are of course ways to make sure you are not lost forever in this entropy of humanity: One is to become notable enough to be mentioned in for all time, though its likely public will not do so properly. the second is to create something that will stand the test of time for all time. Likely literature or art of some sort, music does not stand well unless its classical and buildings fall with nations. And lastly is to continue your genetic heritage, your bloodline if you will as contribution toward humanity that will last for all time. 

But I am sure this does not concern alot of people, with heaven and all that stuff. And certainly raising any child with your life lessons is equal to parents that create their children in terms to contributing to humanity. The thing is that while indeed all of us have or will lead productive lives that contribute greatly towards humanity development if you don't leave children there will be little left to remember yourself by as the growing masses of humanity continue to increase. Perhaps you may leave digital footprint or some other form of your thoughts but who will care? your dear friends great grandkids? Its more than likely you will be just another anonymous body just another face in the building block for humanities mountain. 

My lesson here is this: If you can have kids I suggest you have one before adoption. Things like nation, race, suffering are simply temporary things which literally disappear in less than a blink in comparison to the universe.


And, yes i do know about overpopulation and that is a different issue entirely.
Upvoted for naty ice ref.
[deleted]
&gt; with genetic testing, the degree of certainty is practically 100% anyway.

I was mostly joking, but if I was to argue further I would say that even with genetic testing you can only be 99% sure :) The only person who can be sure is the mother who sees the baby coming out of her. I believe that the success of the human species as a whole is largely based on the ability of females to manipulate the opposite sex, mating with the alpha males while getting the weaker males to care for their children believing them to be their own. There's a great number of features that the female body an mind possess that are specifically designed to behave in that way.

&gt; It's not PC to say so, but people naturally prefer to have kids who are biologically theirs.

I don't think so. I see nothing un-PC about stating that I prefer to raise kids that are genetically mine. I agree that adopting kids is probably good for the human species as a whole - it falls into a rather large group of actions that might be detrimental for the individual who performs them but will benefit society as a whole. Raising a kid requires sacrifices though (I speak from persona experience) - and I don't think I could be prepared to make those sacrifices for a kid that's not my own. When it's my flesh and blood then it's a very rewarding experience that is well worth the effort.
Just look at the amount of energy that is consumed to bring about invitro.  The burden of yet another mouth to feed just compounds it.  We should tax all aspects of this activity like any other crazy thing that is damaging to society.  Think about what we could do in terms of education if we redirected that energy.  Pass on your better traits through nurturing rather than naturing.

I mean, the kid is going to inherit your genetics anyway, what good are you doing them by possibly passing on tendencies towards infertility?  Modern medicine is doing a good job pushing genetic inheritance diversity without any of us individuals stepping up for special efforts.  The first step in freeing yourself from Oxytocin addition is realizing you are an addict.
This is reddit. We are *supposed* to know.
&gt;The only person who can be sure is the mother who sees the baby coming out of her.

Nowadays, not even that :)

&gt;mating with the alpha males while getting the weaker males to care for their children believing them to be their own. 

Well, that's a view, but bear  in mind that historically different methods were used to prevent any such deceit - most of them revolving around control of women's freedom of movement. I am wary of making assumptions about the way women use sexuality to involuntarily perform some evolutionary role, mainly because I think there is no real information to allow for such an explanation.

&gt;I see nothing un-PC about stating that I prefer to raise kids that are genetically mine.

That's awfully un-PC. It places weight on biological affiliation, which I suspect is why so many people are against it (just read the comments in this thread). It is perhaps seen as a slippery-slope: recognising genetic important in families is seen as a step in giving genetic (and thus ethnic, in  sense) factors importance in other areas; since countries are still considered an agglomeration of families my suspicion is that the complete downplay of genetic relations has something to do with the overall downplay on other genetic traits in an attempt to fight racism and a ethnic-based  view of nationality. This is just a theory though. 

&gt;and I don't think I could be prepared to make those sacrifices for a kid that's not my own.


This is *extremely* un-PC, especially because everyone wll reply "But *it is* yours!". You are talking about a purely biological perspective, I understand that, but many people will not like to hear it - even if they think and do the same.

&gt;When it's my flesh and blood then it's a very rewarding experience that is well worth the effort.

Ditto... you're reference of "flesh and blood" will I think still cause someone to call you a Nazi in this very thread. Also, legal practice in custody attributions seem to reflect the trend, with highly relative aspects like the "impact on the children psyche" being used as arguments to take away children from their true parents and attribute custody to others (there was a recent article on reddit about that, a false accusation that ended up with the kids being  taken away from their parents).

I agree with what you said, and I would most likely adopt if I couldn't have kids of my own and would loved them the same, but the opinion that biological ties are not only relevant but can be very important is regarded as something to be frowned upon. Just take a look at the comment that originated this debate.
I have cats, and I'm the one who gets saddled with scooping the cat box. :)
no, but while we take drugs extracted from the [saliva of gila monsters,](http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2007/07/070709175815.htm) we'll make fun of other people who take take fertility drugs made from the [penises of tigers and other animals](http://www.tigerhomes.org/animal/tiger-penis.cfm)
[deleted]
Amen. I've heard it said that people should have a license to be parents.

We adopted, which means we DO have a license. :)
*Its just that your giving up your chance for immortality by doing so*

That makes the largely unsupportable assumption that your genes (and I'm using the royal "you" here, not talking to Kardlonoc) are worth passing on. They probably aren't, from a strictly biological standpoint.
[deleted]
This comment employs so many negative stereotypes that I don't know where to start. So I won't.

You're wrong.
[deleted]
*It's not PC to say so, but people naturally prefer to have kids who are biologically theirs.*

This statement, while true, provides no ethical validation for sinking huge resources into providing barren couples with biological children when there are children already in need of homes.
Better than the US' primary exports - imperialism, the dollar, and weaponry.
&gt; Well, that's a view, but bear in mind that historically different methods were used to prevent any such deceit - most of them revolving around control of women's freedom of movement. I am wary of making assumptions about the way women use sexuality to involuntarily perform some evolutionary role, mainly because I think there is no real information to allow for such an explanation.

Of course, it's a never-ending gender war. The males that could best ensure that their semen got to go on dates with ovaries got the upper hand.

&gt; That's awfully un-PC. It places weight on biological affiliation, which I suspect is why so many people are against it (just read the comments in this thread). It is perhaps seen as a slippery-slope

I agree that it's a slippery slope but I don't but I really think the line between PC and un-PC should be drawn clearly between racism and caring about your genes, probably as close to racism as possible.

Personally I see even racism (as well as nationalism and other kinds of group-related un-PC attitudes) as perfectly justified and necessary from an evolutionary perspective. Personally I never act as a racist because I believe that our current society will function a lot better if we all just "try to get along", but I don't blame too much the people who do act racist.

&gt; especially because everyone wll reply "But it is yours!". 

I guess if someone makes the decision to adopt a child then they should indeed act like it's theirs. Since I am very unlikely to ever do such a thing I don't think this applies to me.

&gt; Ditto... you're reference of "flesh and blood" will I think still cause someone to call you a Nazi in this very thread.

I doubt it ... looks like it's just the two of us left.

What I said about racism above sort of applies to Nazi Germany as well. What they did was apply the very principles that made the evolution of the Homo Sapiens possible in the XXth century. Even now you can see acts that are based on similar principles all over the world. People belonging to one country, ethnic group, race or religion trying to exterminate or hinder other groups, whether by violence or economic sanctions. There is a constant holocaust in the world, whether it's the Jews or the Arabs, Shia, Kurds, Armenians, Tibetans, etc. All the Nazis did was follow the same kind of impulses but on a larger scale.

&gt; Also, legal practice in custody attributions seem to reflect the trend, with highly relative aspects like the "impact on the children psyche" being used as arguments to take away children from their true parents and attribute custody to others (there was a recent article on reddit about that, a false accusation that ended up with the kids being taken away from their parents).

I have read about a case where a guy was forced to pay child support even after proving that the child wasn't his, because there was a pretty long period of time in which he did nothing about it, even though he knew he was sterile. I don't have a strong opinion on this subject but I think I'd actually side with the cheating bitch mother in this case. If the father had something to say about it he should have said it sooner.

&gt; Just take a look at the comment that originated this debate.

This one?

&gt;&gt;with so many children in the world in need of love and care, I really get upset at stories like this. 

I voted it down. I think that the biggest problem humanity is facing right now is overpopulation. Pretty much every other problem we have stems from this one. Our current population boom has been fueled by oil for decades, and since we're running out it will get pretty painful for a lot of people. I think that by adopting a starving kid you do nothing more than add to this problem - the single biggest problem humanity is facing - and you don't even have the gene survival instinct as an excuse.
I live in Argentina and this is the first time I've heard of this.
&gt; Sometimes, nature sends you a message. And if the message is "You are not meant to reproduce," there's probably a fucking fine reason for it.

Ah yes, I see that you were right and I was wrong.

On the same basis, nobody should board airplanes, and wheelchairs and all physical rehab should be banned -  since nature has sent these people a message that they shouldn't be mobile, they should heed it.

I feel like I've been blind and you've opened my eyes.
Did you even read the tiger penis article?
&gt;I feel like I've been blind and you've opened my eyes.

Your eyes weren't meant to be opened, though.  Nature said so.
Given your username, you're doing it wrong as well.
me neither, I am wasting a lot of my precious urine.
Dammit! You're right, I should have stayed ignorant.

Still, at least I'll know better next time. Hang on...   dammit!
&gt;What logic would that be? You haven't demonstrated any logical chain of thought, just a couple of ill-informed suppositions.

Please... I think I was clear enough, and if not I'm open to clarify any specific point.

The "logic" is that the overwhelming majority of people that adopt do so because some factor makes having biological offspring more difficult or impossible; I don't know anyone that chose to adopt purely by option (i.e. with the option to have kids in the biological way also on the table), baring some exceptions (who generally adopt after already having kids of their own though) which are of course praise-worthy.

This *doesn't mean* that adopted kids are somehow "worse", or that they aren't just as much the sons and daughters of their parents, and loved in the exactly same way. 

I think you're taking my words the wrong way: you're daughter is your daughter, period. There is nor real debate here, nor difference  in terms of caring, love and duties.
I used the term, "fertility drugs" loosely.
is it bandwidth?
I have no problem with people wanting to have their own children at all. I wish them luck and health and happiness for all.  My problem is, how far should we go to make babies, when there are thousands of children up for adoption?
Actually, I'm not "taking" your words any way in particular. I just don't think you have facts to support your assertion.

*he overwhelming majority of people that adopt do so because some factor makes having biological offspring more difficult or impossible*

That may be so. It was for us, in fact. But I don't buy, *prima facie*, that it's the major motivator for adoptions. Many of the people who adopted in our travel group (from China, if anyone's curious) were adopting second or third (or fourth, :::shudder:::) kids. In other words, they already had biological children, and opted to adopted for later kids, as you cite. Barren couples were, frankly, in the minority.

I'm not debating anything relative to values, just the supposition underlying them.
Which is, of course, a complete canard that doesn't really relate to the point. Nice try, no cookie.
This article is very wrong, from wikipedia:
["During 2005 Argentina's exports reached a historical high of 40,013 million USD (16% up from 2004)"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_trade_of_Argentina)

I can't believe that this reporter thinks that a couple of millions that a company is doing selling hormones has "saved" the economy.
And I also live in Argentina and never heard about it.
Oh, I know.  My two children are both adopted, but it's worth every form, every bureaucrat to have them.

When we brought my son home and he saw his room, and his eyes lit up and said 'This is for *me*?' I broke down within seconds.  When we went to adopt our daughter, he insisted on coming along.  He said 'I'm going to pick the best one!'.  And when we left with her, he put his hand on her head and said 'Don't worry.  I'm bigger and I'll look out for you.'

Christ, I'm crying now.   My son has decided he's going to be the only Prime Minister to play fullback for Chelsea, and that my daughter will succeed him as Prime Minister while also being a princess.  But that's what they want...
I know why you're confused: The article is complete bullshit. I live in Argentina and never heard of this. I'm not saying that the piss selling doesn't exist (I don't know and it may exist), but saying that is our "most valuable export" that "saved our economy" is completelly false.
Kids are expensive. The parent's money, the planet's resources, however you want to frame it. Over the life of the kid in question the resources applied are more or less the same irrespective of adoption, natural conception or some variant of IVF. With IVF you have some upfront charges, but considered long term they are a drop in the bucket. So- let's be clear about this: If there are ready made kids sitting around waiting for a parent, then from a resource standpoint we should make sure they are allocated before we are allowed to create any new kids, IVF or natural. Right? In effect- Let's regulate the  creation of children and control our population. Individual rights be damned. We're all about saving the planet. It's the only ethical thing to do.
Have a go at adopting, then.  Let me know just how easy it is for your to find a non-drug-addicted, non-retarded baby.

Adoptable babies aren't in short supply.  Adoptable babies that someone else hasn't already fucked up, well, that's another matter.
&gt;But I don't buy, prima facie, that it's the major motivator for adoptions

All right then, we disagree, or at least we have a different perception on the situation.

&gt;In other words, they already had biological children, and opted to adopted for later kids, as you cite.

Yes, I mentioned that, seems something not rare at all.

&gt;Barren couples were, frankly, in the minority.

That is interesting; I can see why you disagree with me then, since you're personal experience points otherwise.

&gt;I'm not debating anything relative to values, just the supposition underlying them.

Ahh, good then, since it was never my intention to talk about values or actual feelings.
Upvoted for making me misty on a Monday.
How many offspring do your 64 great-great-great-great-grandparents have?  Do you really have any genes that haven't already been passed on?
Right... because if you've never heard of it, it doesn't exist. http://www.massone.com
Curious where the article says "saved our economy."
I did.  There's no law that says you have to adopt a baby.  Children need love beyond the age of six months too.
"The liquid [...] has been helping “float” the Argentine economy by tens of millions of dollars a year for the last decade."
Well, not exactly "saving", but more "helping".  Either way, nobody here in my office have ever heard about it, so the article is over-sensationalized.
Right. Because as everyone knows, making arguments at the extreme end of the spectrum is the *sure* way to win the discussion.

Or, perhaps, *not*.
Dude, you only get that from doing it *right*.
Where did the author say that? "Float" the economy... a piss joke. seriously.
[your question has already been answered above ](http://reddit.com/info/6j0ra/comments/c03zhh0)

The point is that this article is very sensationalist, and anybody can spot that, it's a shame that this has some many points.
From a strictly biological standpoint, if you are capable of passing on your genes they are worth passing on.

From a strictly biological standpoint, if you are infertile your genes are not worth passing on.
A dose of 3.75 mg costs approximately $300 U.S. With a gram of GNRH1 producing nearly 2000 doses... in that sense it is a more valuable product than soy or beef, which are certainly not worth $100 a mg. 

That was the direction I was going with the title, my apologies that it wasn't more clear.
[deleted]
If an organism survives to the point of reproductive age, its genes are worth passing on.

You, corpsesicle, have survived to the point of reproductive age.  And assuming you have the capability to pass them on, your genes - nearsightedness and all - have produced a successful organism capable of reproduction in the year 2008.
I have to disagree with your argument. Passing on your genes is not immortality or anything close to it. Yes, some portion of your genes may live on in your descendants, but that's just some portion of your genes, mixed with other people's genes. They're not you. Your descendants are not you, and they will never know who you really are.
I have survived to the point of reproductive age thanks only to assistive technology and the social order. This is not the same as biological viability.
Like dpzdpz said below From a purely social Darwinist standpoint if you can support life then yes your genes are worth of passing on. If you suffer too greatly from some flaws then they probably aren't but usually if you breed or not will decide that. However humans are innovative to the point where overcome many flaws like nearsightedness. But even the most flawed genetic traits, diseases and disorders can serve the purpose of how do we go about fixing those various genetic "disadvantages" and by the process learn much more about human body and its evolution.
Curious where krelian says "it doesn't exist."
You are a member of a species whose cognitive abilities have allowed us to develop assistive technology and social order.  That is part of humankind's genetic manifestation.  

What is your definition of "biological viability"?  That you be able to survive naked in the middle of the jungle?
Your genetic immortality is there even if it is  in the slightest of traits. Yes infact they are "you" but something like 0.00025% of you. Perhaps you are right, i cant really be sure. But I cant forget the fact that we are all variations from same hairless mutation a million years back or so, and those traits are being passed on today. And perhaps everybody's distant traits made lead to a even better species of human someday.
it's seems that you're obsessed with Argentina or something, 4 of the 5 submitions you did are about it, that's good but you should take the news for a more feasible source.
I'm not trying to win the discussion. I actually think that the right course of action is a matter for individual choice. I do have trouble understanding your argument. Of natural conception, adoption and IVF you seem to be saying that IVF is represents an unethical use of resources. All of them use resources. An IVF cycle runs to around $15K, and adoption (in the US) is about the same. A child born through IVF doesn't correspond to an unadopted child anymore than a natural birth does, so why would you claim that IVF is unethical and/or an inappropriate use of resources?
God bless you. Or, if you're an athiest, FSM bless you or what have you.
Not at all. It's satire, not deliberately misleading. Unless you meant in the sense of "A type of aircraft in which the primary horizontal control and stabilization surfaces are in front of the main wing." in which case I don't believe it's one of those either.

You're saying that people who can't reproduce without medical help shouldn't do so. If you don't also feel that people who can't walk without medical help shouldn't do so, then I think you need to explain why you think there is moral difference. And if you think people who need the help of modern technology to reproduce shouldn't do so, but you don't think people who can't fly without modern technology shouldn't do so, then again, why are these cases different?

My meaning would be perfectly obvious if you weren't deliberately misinterpreting my post to be obtuse.
if it didnt cost more than 6 months salary for most people i think it would be more popular.
Well fertility treatment isn't about making more babies per se; if we wanted to do that we'd forget about the infertile people and use the money on large per-child welfare payments to parents.

Fertility treatment is about helping people overcome a physical problem, which may be an illness, a past injury or a disability, depending on the individual case.
as far as we want, it is our lives, by the way.
No, you are just a tool.
the only choice your parents made was to try the pullout method.
Thanks.  I'm happy to be blessed by anyone or anything.  Doesn't happen too often.

Summary:
I have no problem with people wanting to have their own children at all.
It's not PC to say so, but people naturally prefer to have kids who are biologically theirs.
*It's not PC to say so, but people naturally prefer to have kids who are biologically theirs.
&gt; It's not PC to say so, but people naturally prefer to have kids who are biologically theirs.
But that's what they want...
If I couldn't have kids, I would most likely adopt.
If you Adopt, you fail to pass on your genes.
in which case I don't believe it's one of those either.
But he adopted the horse!
There are children all over the world who would love it if you were their parents.
I live in Argentina and never heard of this.
And I also live in Argentina and never heard about it.
Perhaps you are right, i cant really be sure.
I have to disagree with your argument.
My lesson here is this: If you can have kids I suggest you have one before adoption.
There's no law that says you have to adopt a baby.
If that's the case you can't ever be 100% sure anyway.
See, that point of view I can completely understand.
You are talking about a purely biological perspective, I understand that, but many people will not like to hear it - even if they think and do the same.
I think you're taking my words the wrong way: you're daughter is your daughter, period.
I do have trouble understanding your argument.
I've heard it said that people should have a license to be parents.
GnRH causes FSH production, and FSH causes ovum production.
As far as I know most adoptions follow this same logic.
My problem is, how far should we go to make babies, when there are thousands of children up for adoption?
I just don't think you have facts to support your assertion.
Adopting isn't as easy as some people make it sound.
That is interesting; I can see why you disagree with me then, since you're personal experience points otherwise.
&gt;&gt;with so many children in the world in need of love and care, I really get upset at stories like this.
It was for us, in fact.
I guess if someone makes the decision to adopt a child then they should indeed act like it's theirs.
I live in Argentina and this is the first time I've heard of this.
I think that the biggest problem humanity is facing right now is overpopulation.
I believe that's how menopause works.
*he overwhelming majority of people that adopt do so because some factor makes having biological offspring more difficult or impossible*

That may be so.
I know why you're confused: The article is complete bullshit.
&gt;I see nothing un-PC about stating that I prefer to raise kids that are genetically mine.
Your descendants are not you, and they will never know who you really are.
You're saying that people who can't reproduce without medical help shouldn't do so.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.33
