Original Response:
[**Unasur/Unasul**](http://wikipedia.org/wiki/Unasur)    
Good idea - horrible name.
[deleted]
There is already a United States of America
God help them
Wait for ICANN to offer .sur domains in 5,4,3...
The flag should be green with twelve white stars circling a big yellow star
Great idea. Look at the progress countries such as Greece and Spain have made since joining the EU. This should make a real difference.
Next all central american countries, from guatemala to panama, should form the Great Central Union, I propose myself as honorary and benevolent dictator for life.
Now if they can keep the US from meddling in their affairs, they can experience tremendous peace and prosperity.
Do you suffer from back pain, motion sickness and ingrown toenails?  Ask your doctor about new Unasul.  Side effects include back pain, motion sickness and ingrown toenails.  In other words, it does nothing.
Global consolidation. Next up is the North American Union... then an Asia/Australian Union? The real goal of the New World Order... and this isn't a move forward.
Should be União Sul-Americana - USA
I cant wait to see what crazy Venezuela will do to hijack the idea from within the union
Oceania is at war with Eurasia, Oceania has always been at war with Eurasia.
I suppose it'd be too much to hope for them to adopt something like the Euro...
I'm sorry that you've all just lost a heap of sovereignty, South American nations.

But I'm especially sorry that it's likely that it was my government's meddling which helped to push your governments in this direction.
This is a terrible loss of soveirgnty for the S. American people.
[deleted]
HOW IS THIS QUOTE RELEVANT?
And the decline of the countries supporting Greece and Spain.
Venezuela is not crazy, she's just having her period.


...give it a few *years*
Actually it's supporting Romania and Bulgaria nowadays, soon to be followed by getting Croatia up to a decent standard.
European union is a success because after years of war the European nations have realized the importance of peace,they have few border disputes and hostility,they have naturally gravitated towards the union.

Whereas the South American nations don't seem to be on the same wavelength,like mindedness may lead to a union but a union does not necessarily lead to like mindedness.
I have a sudden urge to play Risk.
&gt;Horrible idea - horrible name.

Fixed.
You can have peace without surrendering your sovereignty. Just ask Switzerland.
Oh great, now Bush will have to fight a union of nations rather than take over individual countries.
[Simón Bolívar´s](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sim%C3%B3n_Bol%C3%ADvar) dream...200 years later.
Germany didn't even break a sweat.
And if you have no natural resources to speak of. Just ask... right about any country that has been to war.
If we all lived in the Alps that might apply. Maybe.
Sovereignty is an outdated concept. The nation state will give way to larger federations just as tribes gave way to better forms of government. In the end, the only sovereign will (unless we kill each other first) be the whole of humanity itself, electing a world government.
Every EU needs their own UK.
My arbitrary border drawn at the congress of Vienna is so much better than your border drawn randomly on a map after the UK needed to get rid of unruly colonies.
The European Union is terrible, I should know they now decide how I live and I get no say.
In that case, I'm ready for the killing.
apart from a stagnating economy
why the down voting?
Japan.
Always relevant.
Then haul up your anchor and tug that damn island somewhere else.
and then the unions merge to a centralised world government where you get no say.
Not in the hands of Hugo "Krusty" Chavez
They've already got a single currency: it's called the ''dollar''.
They'll probably just start adding a few countries at a time to each, this unsar and the NAU when that forms. Like whats happening with israel and others in the med, and the EU and AU.
What? That is ridiculous. It's dumb enough that there are people in Idaho and Alabama who have an influence over what I can and can't put into my body. Why would I want to let people in Iran and Indonesia do the same thing?

Federations will form based on trade and mobility of labor. That is fine. Anything else is best done as locally as possible.
I'm seeing this attitude a lot in this thread. I don't understand -- why are people so threatened by the idea of nations uniting?
Out of curiosity (and to enforce my own stereotypes). Are you, by any chance, a brit?
American, from California. Half Korean, half white. Hope that helps add to your stereotype database.
Keeping in mind what happend to Mercosul, this union is going nowhere fast.
As locally as possible is a good idea. A world government should deal with global issues, such as armed conflict, the environment, global commerce, human rights and democracy. Of course I do not want the entire globe to vote on where to build a highway overpass in Montana.
[deleted]
[deleted]
UNASUR is evolving!

UNASUR evolved into UNASUL!

UNASUL learned COOPERATION!
OTOH, it sounds kind of like "Usul".
Gravity.
I dream of hot women in skimpy clothing...but whatever floats your boat.
Because "world government" doesn't mean "nations uniting" it means "corrupt politicians and petty bureaucrats running *the entire Earth* with no solace or escape should they do anything wrong".

Also, it's hideously impractical.  What in God's name would a world government govern?  There would be so many layers of abstraction between them and the actual person on the street that they'd either accomplish nothing or become tyrants to gain the power necessary to accomplish anything at all.
[deleted]
Also, we already have a union of states.  You all are just copying us.  Unfortunately, our federal government has far too much power now over our individual states, while in the EU much of the state sovereignty is still intact, no?  I mean, primarily the EU is about economic cooperation and using the same currency, but otherwise, it's not like you have an oppressive central group of criminals exploiting you.  Yet...  Then again I don't know very much about the EU, but I can guarantee you the NAU isn't going to fly in the US.

And to add to what eaturbrainz said, you can't possibly democratically represent such a large mass of people efficiently, fairly and effectively.  An economic cooperation agreement is one thing, but a giant continental state is another.  

Take the previously mentioned Switzerland as an example.  This is the most democratic nation on earth as far as I can tell - if you get enough people together on a petition, you can repeal ANY law.  That only works in a small country like theirs.  Despite the 4 different cultures, they all pretty much agree on the same stuff.  You can't do that with hundreds of millions of people, not easily.
What's the AU?

And I'm not so sure about the idea of a Mediterranean Union.  On the first hand, it would let people move around that area more easily.  On the other hand, what can one Mediterranean country export to its fellows?  They all grow similar crops, have similar weather and contain only slightly different natural resources compared to say... the difference between Mediterranean European countries and Central European countries.
The EU doesn't run nearly as much as the USA federal government and many Europeans (particularly the British) *already* complain about loss of sovereignty.  That should say something to people.
It sounds fine in Spanish and Portuguese.  Call it whatever you like in English.
Exactly. In the entire world is there a single example of a functioning system in which independent competing entities recognize no higher authority?

Regional Walmarts may choose their own location and layout, and to a certain extent their merchandise and prices. But they must have adequate parking and checkouts, and under no circumstances are the staff of one Walmart allowed to march over to a rival Walmart, murder its employees, and take their stuff. That's because there's a Walmart head office that controls that shit.
So Afro will make a comeback?
[deleted]
until you get the updated risk board that only has 4 sovereign territories.
[deleted]
Ok, here is the new flag for everybody to copy and print decals for your bumpers 

http://img372.imageshack.us/img372/5157/unasurqd8.jpg

Long live the union!
&gt;Anything else is best done as locally as possible.

Funnily enough, the EU agrees with you.

&gt;**Subsidiarity** is the principle that matters ought to be handled by the smallest (or, the lowest) competent authority.

&gt;...

&gt;It is presently best known as a fundamental principle of European Union law.

Read more [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subsidiarity).
You raise a good point. I can only imagine that any publications that this new union generates will be written in Spanish, even though it was formed by Portuguese speaking Brazillians.
AU = African Union
who purchased all of Argentina's debt to the IMF.
&gt;What in God's name would a world government govern?

Preventing states from going to war, under any circumstances. Preventing genocide. Preventing regional leaders from implementing particularly heinous laws, and controlling their corruption. The big stuff. And the key part is, it would actually have the authority and the means to enforce these things.

And of course, there would be a certain amount of wealth redistribution. Simply enforcing the peace and preventing corruption would take care of most of the world's inequities, though.
&gt;What's the AU?

[African Union](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_union)
Will the North American Union be far behind?

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_American_Union
**This is now a Star Trek topic.**

Constant external threats - perceived or otherwise - and a large military which appears to be interwoven with all aspects of life seems to help a lot. `[insert obvious statement about the similarity to the current United States here]`

On the other hand, they have their share of outlaws and stray colonies and I'm fairly certain noone will dictate our wrinkly-headed friends how to serve *Gagh*.

Imho...    
Global organisation(Oh, I don't know. Lets call it *"United Nations"*.) that tells its members how to prevent global warming and assimilation by swedish cyborgs == good    
Gagh == bad
terrorists!!!
;-)
/s
it's the logical response to american imperialism- organize and defend.
the other cool thing about all these unions is it follows the roman method of rule-
these unions will unwittingly make global domination easier by creating large systems controlled by a centralized head.
All you need to do in that situation-
is own the head.
REALLY bad example. Switzerland is the dirty money capital of the world, they fund both sides of a conflict and aid and abet dictator war criminals.. 
not everyone could run their country that way-
yeah, it's inevitable progress right?

BULLLSHIIIIIT.

This is a proven lie of the socialists.
Check out "the road to serfdom" sometime- it's a fabulous read.
localized small systems are shown over and over again to be the most robust method of survival.

to centralize a system is to make it easier to destroy.
you may want to mention that to your congressmen as they are actually selling our roads to other countries in a scam to keep power by raising money for their budget by selling american public trust assets to the highest foreign bidder.
Sick shit.
phasers on kill, arm the proton torpedeos.
FIRE!!!!
You shall never submit the borg. You shall join it. Resistance is futile...
a grateful dead concert. Wait- they kow tow to Jerry, even though he's not there.
and it will become corrupt or start of corrupt and become so bad as to be unbearable- and will be overthrown.. and we can start it all over again if anyone is left..
because they read their history books chowderhead.
Power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely- centralized control is always the destroyer of freedom and human rights, no matter how cute and pretty the packaging and propaganda might be.
Mao unified china.
The USA unified america.
And the USSR was a unified russia+ other provinces/states...

all were complete reductions in freedom and human rights compared to what was there in the absence of said organizations.

all claimed to be the source of freedom.
all lied.
etc...
many, many, many examples throughout history.
keep it small and local- and you have a chance.
make it huge and national, or global- and you are FUCKED.
international banker scum's wet dream is not an individual's dream trust me!!
keeping citizens from committing mindcrimes.
keeping citizens from committing speakcrimes.
keeping citizens from comitting birthcrimes.
collecting tolls.
collecting taxes.
hunting down the resistance.
killing the resistance.
etc... etc...
short version- fucking everyone in the ass for being so clueless of history. 

everyone forgets these organizations are always run by men- and corrupt men at that. so you don't get a better life from more of it, trust me on that one!
That's excellent as long as they continue to follow that principle. Our union over here in America has [a rule](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tenth_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution) that leaves any powers not specifically given to the central government to the member states. That rule hasn't been followed for quite some time.
yeah, yeah, yeah sure.
Go back to school read about french democracy and how the USA copied that, then go back to school and read about city states and ancient law and how the us copied that.. etc... etc...

there is nothing new under the sun, grasshopper.
the only thing that changes is the efficiency in murdering the resistance via technology, and in doing so, making human rights more and more a thing of vague memory..
&gt; "The instability some want to see in our continent is a sign of life, especially political life," Mr Lula said. 

"There's no democracy without people [protesting] in the streets," he added.


Right on! If only our U$ leadership had this attitude. This is exactly the thinking of our own forefathers. Too bad the United Snakes is presently being run by a gang of ravenous thugs. Jefferson and Adams would be on a DHS watchlist today.

Why this sad state of affairs? We are not protesting in the streets. It's that simple.

As Lula implies, don't expect any democracy if you're not willing to get a little fresh air and exercise walking down the street in a large, angry crowd. 

So now is the time for such a union. I hope they succeed, though it won't be easy. I read in May 23rd New York Times that the president elect for this union quit before their first meeting. He wanted to invite some of the established labor unions into the fold. Lula and most of the other delegates didn't.
lolz!!
alps have electrolytes.
really? whose bullshit have you been eating?
when I was in switzerland it was overloaded with germans looking for jobs there.
peasants hate truth.
the flag should be red with a big brown hand and a middle finger raised- w the motto at the bottom
"Gringo go home!!"
LOLWUT!!!!!

Hey DIRBTG, do you follow me around on Reddit or what? I can't say I'm not flattered, but I'm just wondering.
The afro is not worth as much as the jerricurl ducat.
that's basically the plan-

european union,
south american union,
north american union,
asian union
and then just buy off the leaders of each union- and kill the rest of the countries for "security".

Pinky and the Brain, bitches..
No, it is setting up regions for a world Government. It is easier to manage them like that, and the North American Union is coming soon, to a town near you!

That is also why we are trying to wipe out the middle east, because they will not play the game of World Government. So we go in, take out their government, install ours, and a central banking system, Much easier to manage, but the US will be a toad on a stool also.
dumbass.
Only a fool trades in dollars these days.
from wikki-  The development of Mercosur was arguably weakened by the collapse of the Argentine economy in 2001 and it has still seen internal conflicts over trade policy...

so that is what was bringing it down...
this is what happens when you have a terrorist empire to the north of you.
you give up freedom for security.
hope it ends better than our scam did.
crazy venezuela.
ask your self this asshole,
has venezuela crossed into the USA and attacked people there?
Has venezeuala tried to murder the president of the USA 3 times with assasins??

NO!

But.. the USA sure as fuck did that to venezuela.

SO, GRINGO!!!! QUIENES LOCO MARICONE!??

spanish since I don't know portuguese at all.
How do you get no say?Are you not allowed vote for the European Parliament? Do you not get to vote for your own national government which goes on to form the council of ministers?They are what decide legislation and policy of the EU and they are democratic.

And how exactly does the EU decide how you live?Has it enslaved you in the saltmines?Are you forced to speak french?
You're right about how we borrowed a lot of our ideas from the French, I totally concede that as well as our indirect inheritance of much of common law as developed by ancient Rome.

I don't know what the hell you're trying to say in your 2nd paragraph, though.
One step closer to world government.
my preferred currency is the cornrow
I hope it will be a long way behind. As a Canadian, I would much rather join the EU than the US.
[deleted]
They aren't allowed to murder each other because of the law, not Walmart. But yeah.
If anything, the last two decades have left me thinking things will proceed more in the other direction. I think our earlier expectations of global unification and less nationalism will recede.
Agreed. On Reddit recently: [Germany now exporting its jobless](http://reddit.com/info/6g3ej/comments/)
Question for all: I know that those claiming an NAU are nutjobs... but if there were a real proposal for the NAU, would you support it?

Just curious.
&gt; The nation state will give way to larger federations just as tribes gave way to better forms of government.

What's better about them? And certainly, what's better about continental governments?
Unless of course, it's people deciding that they want to sell bananas by the pound, or eat unpasteurized goat cheese. Or even call their apple liquor "apple wine".

Then, the EU doesn't agree with them at all.
&gt; Preventing states from going to war, under any circumstances. Preventing genocide.

Last I heard, UN soldiers were buying sex slaves and trading guns for gold.

I do not think they'd prevent much genocide.
Nah. We'd likely see several asian unions.
You've been conditioned to echo knee-jerk anti-Venezuala smears.

There's a concerted propagand campaign being waged by western media, corporations and politicians against Venezuala and you're participating at the lowest possible level.
you can know that you are fucked when gov'ts start getting their own governments.
Except that the world appears to be going in exactly the opposite direction--towards smaller, more decentralized states or even non-states.
That's how they started, back when they declared independence from Spain.  It didn't work out well.
Having everyone registered with the World Gov't as being a member (and you will be registered or else you are not for us and you will be imprisoned). Keeping track of what you do, where you go, what you buy, who you hang out with (oh, but as long as I do nothing wrong, who cares?) Taking an oath of allegiance, enforcing peace (oxymoron?) or should I say having peace as long as you play by their rules. Mark of the Beast? Antichrist, anyone? Its progression is slow but steadily we're going there.
You don't think that has anything to do with reintegrating DDR?
Which was based after on the republic of france.  Which was based on... Yep.  Fuck Yeah.
think of it like this...
say you get on the phone in your car and you decide to call ahead and pick up a pizza from Dominos. The guy taking your order begins to punch into the system and tells you that you really shouldn't be ordering a pizza because according to the national database that connects everything about us, your medical report says you have high cholesterol which will deem you a heart attack risk which your health insurance report says that it will increase your costs to which your life insurance will threaten to void your policy which will then decrease to payout to your children who, thanks to you, will also be heart risk policyholders. So for the benefit of all these things, put the cell phone down and walk away. You don't need the pizza.
But then you say to yourself, I want the pizza anyway, they can't do this to me even if it is for my own good. I will fight the system! But alas, the system is much larger than you and I. No amount of legislature will dismantle the database that was created. Are you against the system? HOW DARE YOU! We don't need anyone rocking the boat. Off to the pokey for not having faith in big gov't and the technology we are offering for your own good!
USA'S
You know, I wish they would.  If we're especially nice to them could they take care of most of Congress and the lobyists at the same time?
Europa Universalis is better.
Penis
surely this is a terrible loss of soverenty for the N. American people?

You did used to own it, right?
lol what
NAU would just be an expansion of the US.
Holy crap, you actually believe in that Mark of the Beast and Antichrist crap?   Duuude.
rather, where everyone gets a say instead of only the people of the United States of America.
&gt;That rule hasn't been followed for quite some time.

That's because the Constitution was established as a sort of religious document (comparable to a Genesis mythology) legitimizing an aristocratic republic.

Notice that practically the entire history of the US has involved the Federal Government assuming more and more power, starting with day one of the Constitutional Convention, then proceeding with enforcement of that new power with sedition acts in the early 1800s, a civil war (which incidentally abolished slavery in the process), strengthening of the central (privately controlled) banks in 1913, subsequent suppression of popular socialist movements, and construction of a massive war machine in the 40's and 50's (Eisenhower's military highway program, for instance).

The last 8 years have just been the icing on the cake--the federal government doing whatever it wants with open disdain for human rights, democratic process, and any remote interest in truth.
Weve taken care of everything

The words you hear the songs you sing

The pictures that give pleasure to your eyes

Its one for all and all for one

We work together common sons

Never need to wonder how or why
That's why they expanded the board with water and space commanders.
And yet, atm, you have a say in how the people of Iran and Indonesia run their lives - for instance, Iranians aren't allowed nuclear power because the government you elected says so. We already have a world government: the government of the United States of America. I understand that it is hard to let go of power, but if you believe in democracy, you should support a world government that is elected by, and working for the interests of, the whole of humanity, rather than just the elite 5% that you are part of.
There are still some Klansmen demanding sovereignty here, but we've muddled through.
It's not hard for me to let go of power at all. I disagree with almost all of my country's foreign policy.

You suggest that a global democratic government would be better, but what if everyone voted against Iranians having nuclear power? That would be unjust. The world has no right to tell Iran what they can and can't do as long as they aren't harming anyone else. Creating the world government you speak of would give the world that right, which would be a horrible thing.
Less so, but still rather relevant.
I think that the people of south america have more in common than the people of europe. For instance, in all countries but one they speak a single language, and in the remaining country the language is very similar. By contrast, nearly every country in europe has its own language, and some have more than one.
No I wouldn't. It would expand the labor market that US citizens compete in and devalue the price of labor. That will happen on its own, in time, anyway. I see no reason to accelerate the process.

Of course if you're in a poorer country you definitely would see a reason for the NAU (unless you're a nationalist). Also if you own a whole lot of capital then I'm sure you'd love easier access to cheap labor so your stocks will go up.

Seeing as how I'm not in either the non-US camp or the rich guy camp I don't care for the idea of the NAU.
translation: better == more sophisticated
A global government within a law based international structure would have limits on its power, just like in a any federal state. The power of the US government over the people of the US, and the states of the US, is limited like this - but its power over rest of the world is unlimited. It regularly violates the sovereignty of other countries. A global government would not be allowed to violate the rights of member states.
There are no such thing as UN soldiers. The UN hires peacekeepers, who are soldiers from member states who want the money.
Indeed.
This would have been better without the last sentence.

Still worth an upvote though.
&gt; The power of the US government over the people of the US, and the states of the US, is limited like this

No it isn't. The power of the US federal government was *intended* to be limited, but today it is clearly not. Such is the way of governments. They never relinquish power, but they have no problem increasing their power. This can only result in the eventual trampling of the rights of members of a federation.

&gt; A global government would not be allowed to violate the rights of member states.

What makes you so sure? Who decides what constitutes a violation of rights? The member states, I presume. All it takes to have your rights trampled is to be a minority.

I agree with your goals, I just don't think a "world government" is the way to achieve them.
Ah, mercenaries.
I'm sure it seems that way. Sophistication for its own sake is pretty shallow, though.
No, admitting more states would be an expansion of the US. Joining the NAU would be different.
You really think Israel and the rest of the Middle East would form a union with each other?
Is it weird I just stopped playing that to check reddit quickly
And with the NAU almost complete, the players move their Au to form the AU, then the MEU, then the SANAU, then the MEAU, until eventually we just end up with U.
Actually, there's also a Dutch-speaking country in the new South American union.
&gt; This is the most democratic nation on earth as far as I can tell 

Well, maybe since 1990 where the last canton gave women the right to vote.  The first canton to did so in 1959.
Well, Switzerland is a member of EFTA, and follows EU regulations more closely than most EU members.  The main difference is that Switzerland has no say in the content of the regulations.


But I guess obedience without influence is also a kind of sovereignty.
Really, if those are the best examples you can find of EU oppression...
You expect them to work for free, then?
Glad to see they did not get our crappy undemocratic and corrupt system of govt.
World War III probably also had influence.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Federation_of_Planets#History
I know, the experiments failed already...oh well, put the wall back up.
Learn English, please, and then come back. It sounds as if you might be trying to say something, but one cannot be sure; only curious.
The work of raping, butchering, and murdering?

I mean, when they're not busy selling guns to warlords for gold and using that to buy preteen sex slaves.
&gt;The power of the US federal government was intended to be limited, but today it is clearly not. Such is the way of governments.

One thing you are neglecting to mention is the fact that governments usually justify their vast abuses by stating "national security." In a world government, there would be no external threat of this sort, so any abuse of powers would be much harder to commit under those pretenses. 

If your ultimate goal is anarchy, or at least radically limited government, I believe even that can not be achieved until AFTER a world government. The reason is any weak entity (anarchy/limited government) will always be threatened by external threats. (The Anarchist communes during the Spanish Civil War is a fantastic example of what I mean) Therefore, the temptation of going to stronger central authority becomes stronger and stronger. (Which is why the United States has felt it must continue to increase it's power; it has to, for it's own survival.) Only until the human race identifies more with our common humanity over our nationality/religion/race (a process that will take generations) will people be able to advocate the limited government that you are suggesting. 

To me it seems that you think that a world government would dictate every aspect of an individual life. That is not necessarily so. All a world government would do, is get rid of artificial nation-states that divide the human race, handle global problems, while leaving the majority of decisions to the localities.
You're changing the subject. There's nothing shocking about the fact that they're paid. Rape and corruption are generally par for the course during war. You could find similar crimes committed by other professional armies (e.g. the US army in Iraq).
Sophistication should carry practical purpose, but it often serves bureaucracy and paper trails. Oh well.
&gt; What in God's name would a world government govern?

The same thing that a national government governs. The promotion of the well-being of all of it's citizen, rights under the law that apply to all human beings, no matter where they are born, and action on any other global issue. Anything more specific would obviously be run by locals. 

The only difference between a world government and current national government would be scale, but that is obviously not an issue, otherwise you would argue that nations are to large, and we should return to cities, or that cities are to unwieldy, and we must return to tribes. So on and so on. 

I truly don't understand why so many people become so afraid when they hear "world government". It's merely the next logical step in the human political development, and there are very few logical reasons to oppose it.
&gt; You're changing the subject. There's nothing shocking about the fact that they're paid.

Nothing shocking about murder for hire? Many people, myself included, find it even more distasteful to do such things for money... we might show a little understanding to those who kill in the heat of passion, but those that would do so for pay are so cold-blooded that they shouldn't ever be defended.
Is that really a bad thing? Assuming that as you say, you get a bigger same thing, If what you started with was passing ugly legislation, you get a big country passing ugly legislation. If you had a country passing good and limited legislation, you get a big country passing good and limited legislation. So on that respect, you are neither better or worse. But in the process, you lose the possibility of the various parts of the whole to go at war with eachother, and I'd say it is a good thing.

The new larger country might go bad, and turn tyranical. But the original country you had could very well have done the same.

There are reasonable reasons to believe that a governement, given too much power, will eventually take even more power, and eventually use it in a bad way. But as far as I know, this has absolutely no relation with the size of the country.

What is important is to limit the power of the central governement, and that the people pay continuous attention that this governement does not do more that it is supposed to. But that is true regardless of the size of the country.

Giving up (some) power from the small entity to the biger one is the whole point. But if the smaller one already had too much power, then you're fighting the wrong issue.

People will easily complain that the EU should have nothing to say about what sort of cheese they should be able to eat. But when doing so, they should remember it is the same power that allows the EU to prevent the sale and import of GM food or hormone beef. Even if France did not ban (some sorts of) cheese, the French governement had the power to do so.

If, in a large Union which is mostly made of liberals (in the traditional 19th century or Hayeck meaning), a small part tries to become tyranical, then the central authority's role is to put limits on what that member state can do, and therefore save the game.

Now, if most of the people in that Giant-super state believe the Governement should be allowed to do anything, well, yes, you are screwed, but you would also be screwed if you had many smaller states. Even if your own small state was the last freedom loving one, you'd be screwed, because the totalitarian states around you would be unlikely to leave you alone for long.
My point is just that all soldiers are paid.
An organisation where 3/4 of the population and 90% of the economy is in the US would be completely dominated by the US. EU, AU and USAN work because they cannot be dominated by one country, they all have to work together. This couldn't happen with NAU because of the nature of US power.
Well there *is* the scale issue, especially given that too many current nations (examples: China, the USA) *are* too damn big, and are only held together by sheer governmental grit.

It's not that smaller is always better.  The appropriate land area under one government is a function of culture, population (density, too), transportation technology and communications technology.  Put simply, the problem of how much to govern with one government is *hard*.
I really don't think so. These countries are forming this union to benefit themselves and to "strategically protect themselves from the US". 

This is not the kind of mindset that creates a world government. Instead it is the kind of mindset that creates superstates, the EU the most prominent example. And the existence of superstates does not necessary bring closer world unity, and instead may very well bring more world tension.
Only if it was democratic (i.e. we could vote for the legislature, and the head of state and government) and if it had strong labor, civil, and environmental protections for all of its "citizens". 

Otherwise, I would not support such a union.
Switzerland is not in the European Union, so that argument actually works against you. :)
The European Union only has the power to do what your country's government had already the power to do, an willigly gave up. If your country's government had power over things you would not like it to have power over, that was the problem. Why do you blame the EU? Maybe the EU has made some bad decisions within the limits of the powers your gouverment has given up. But just as likely, it also prevented your governement from making some bad decisions.

In any democracy, there will be some decisions that you do not like. Do not blame the governemnt for decisions you do not like. If you have voted (through your represantants) against a piece of legislation, but lost, sorry, but these are the rules.

The EU does not violate the constitution of any of its member states. Some of the constitutions had to be changed, but this was done using the existing democratic rules of these countries.

If you dislike what the EU can do, then blame your own constitution and democracy for having such powers in the first place, not the EU.
And an English speaking one.
I'm sure it would be. How else would they control who has power, other than through the illusion of democracy?
&gt;An organisation where 3/4 of the population and 90% of the economy is in the US would be completely dominated by the US.

Really? As near as I can figure, whatever dominates the US now is not anyone or any group that identifies with US interests. These are people that'd gladly renounce citizenship if it'd save a few mil a year on their taxes.
Such a government will grow beyond its intended role. That's what governments do. I have no problem with global arbitration of trade disputes, preventing genocide, and protecting human rights. I just don't think a world government is necessary to do so, nor is it desirable because it will grow beyond its initial scope.
[deleted]
Awww, soo cute!
good luck.  everyone else has fucked up their union.
[deleted]
Simon Bolivar had already proposed this - way back in 1815, the union was intended to include all countries from South America and Central America including Mexico. He gave special emphasis on avoiding anarchy with this union and the importance of staying together against foreigner invasion.

If this events had taken place I wonder how different the current state of the world would be.
I don't think we'll all band together unless it's to present a strong front against an alien civilization.

Barring that, either squabbling great powers or a single Imperium would be most likely.
"But tensions between several members will make it difficult for the group to achieve its goals, observers say. "

They are already more similar to the EU than they would imagine.
And I thought they spoke Welsh in Patagonia...
I have 4 regional MEPs (Members of the European Parliament). I've read about the work of two of them, I'd previously heard of one of them, I've never had any representative of any of them try to communicate with me in any way at all.

There's a well-known democratic deficit in Europe. Commissioners are often failed politicians (in the UK'c case, Neil Kinnock and Peter Mandelson and Leon Britten spring to mind) and the Commission is deeply corrupt - the entire Commission having to resign on masse just a few years ago.

We've just had the Lisbon Treaty pass through, which is a new European constitution, which we were told we'de have a vote on - but because other countries rejected it in a vote, it was slightly modified, called something else, and we don't get to vote.
[deleted]
Surinamian Dutch, like South-African Dutch, is becoming more incomprehensible all the time.
You know how in English, you can still pretty much read original Shakespeare (circa late 16th century)?
Ye Olde Dutch is so incomprehensible it might as well have been Icelandic.
just goes to show how many people read this damn site.
And you don't?  Its becoming more of a reality with each passing year.
Which one?

edit: Oh, Guyana.
You're British I presume?Well if you had a more sophisticated political system and had a written constitution you may have had a vote for the lisbon treaty. Just another way in which the Irish are superior :-)

I still haven't decided how I'm going to vote on that though. It's possibly the most boring referenda I've ever had to vote in.

I agree with you that the Commission is flawed. But it's meant to be the civil service/bureacracy aspect of the EU-as I said before it's the council of ministers and the EU parliament, which are elected representatives, that decide legislation and policy.

And so what if your MEP's don't try and communicate with you personally-MEP's represent 100,000's or millions of constituents. In my experience politicans only get in touch with you if you get in touch with them. What are you expecting, a midday call from your MEP to catch up on old times?You have to get involved in the system to get the full benefit.
USA! USA!
Except they [do](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/europe/article2431521.ece)

&gt;Gunter Verheugen, Europe’s Industry Commissioner, who conceded: “This is a pointless battle. . . there was absolutely no point at all in trying to get rid of the particular heritage of one member state.”

&gt;After a wide-ranging consultation, European commissioners agreed unanimously that beer, roads and apples could be measured in the UK by whatever unit local people choose to use.
&gt;*And so what if your MEP's don't try and communicate with you personally*

Let me see now, what did I actually write, do you think. Ah yes, here we go:


&gt;*I've never had any representative of any of them try to communicate with me in any way at all*

There's something *wrong* with you is there?
And I was there in 2003 so bite me.
I mean really- what's better evidence? Reading a stat or seeing it first hand with your own eyes?
http://www.justlanded.com/english/Germany/Tools/Articles/Jobs/The-German-labour-market-in-2003
Those who do not learn from the past are doomed to repeat it. I'm just saying, there are a lot of weird things happening that are consistent. It's as if someone is trying to tell us something....
And you, my friend, represent exactly what this world is coming to - me, me, me. Only seeing the trees in front of you and not the forest. Take a few steps back and gain some perspective.
The only part of South America not included is French Guiana.
Divide and Conquer.

The South American nations have taken so long to form any kind of 'union' because the United States prefers them to be fragmented. 

Note that I'm not making a moral judgment one way or the other.
It's 'Photon'. 

Photon Torpedos.

I feel like such a nerd.
Measured in production, perhaps not, but the price has been paid by the German citizens that are forced to compete with the massive influx of cheap labor streaming in from the poorer member-states as well as the outsourcing of entire factories to the nearby countries with cheaper labor, relaxed environmental standards and weaker unions.

Couple that with the erosion of the socially supported unemployment, medical, dental and retirement benefits the Germans had grown accustomed to.

The value-added tax was raised in 2005 from %16 to %19, making *everything* more expensive and encouraging labor companies to render their services "off-the-books" in order to save their customers nearly one fifth of the costs.

Germany may not have broken a sweat according to numbers, but the citizens are.
Finding a job in Germany is not the problem, there are plenty of jobs to be had.  The difficulty occurs when you want a job that enables a standard of living superior to the Polish, Russian, Turkish and Romanian immigrants that are often satisfied with 2 square meters of room per person in the most run-down of neighborhoods.  Before the wall came down, there was no such thing as a ghetto in West Germany, now, although most cities are generally well modernized, there are ghettos in all of them.
OK, but how do you think a world government would grow beyond its powers? There would be no external threat, so there would be no reason for building a strong national defense, a common trait of centralization. This is a factor that will continue to happen in the current nation-state paradigm, a factor that you neglected to comment on.
No, NAU would be an erosion of US sovereignty.  The federal government cannot even come close to satisfying the needs of US citizens through it's nanny state methods, how do you think an even larger governing body will?
That is at least a value-based currency unlike the fiat currencies that are presently legal tender.
...except the Brain always fails.
Your reasoning is flawed in that, with a United government, the individual countries don't have to be dealt with one on one in order to influence them through trade deals.
The point of the NAU is to take power from individuals and put it into the hands of a select few.  The NAU will attempt to erode what has been under attack since the nation's founding.  The conditions I would need are impossible to meet, because they demand rights and power over myself.  Everything in the founding documents would need to be included, with even more specific language to fend off the attacks we suffer now.  This is impossible, for the NAU is about robbing freedom, prosperity, and privacy from individuals and putting all of it into the hands of a subset of humanity.

The heart of the NAU will be a regional fiat currency.
We don't vote for anyone in the UN.   This is why conservatives don't like the 'man-made global warming' crowd.  The UN wants more power for their unelected world government.  You'll never hear about that on TV.
Downmodded because he uttered an [inconvenient truth](http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=va&amp;aid=7409).
When [these people](http://www.cfr.org/publication/8102/) talk about "change", they mean it, and things happen.  By the way, all three current  front-tier presidential candidates are supported by the CFR.
&gt;*And how exactly does the EU decide how you live*


http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/wear/3511428.stm
... Yeah, as long as you have a country with terrain so inconvenient for invasion thats it's not worth the expense.
Do you hear that sound? It's the NWO globalists moving another piece on the chess board.
Holy crap, I'd never heard of that - looks great.  Is III the way to go due to co-op, or maybe the Rome one?  Or stick with the original?
Personally I prefer EUII, because EUIII doesn't run very well on my system. But if you've got a high-powered machine and graphics card (and a shitload of spare time) I'd say EUIII is the way to go.
I thought "change" would be my net paycheck, after they got done taxing me.
Yet they've managed to have two women heads of state since then, while the USA and EU haven't even had one.  What's your point?
Defense is not the only factor that causes governments to grow. For example, the American federal government didn't start off with any powers related to education, but now it gets to force the member states to administer certain tests and abide by certain rules. This same thing could happen in any federation, including a world government.

Secondly, a world government will need to maintain an armed force to enforce its will on the people. It would just replace one bad thing with another that has even less accountability. A government with 6 billion constituents will not be very responsible to the will of the people.

In addition, a world government will not eliminate the need for its member states to maintain armies, so the growth of national governments will continue.
First of all, what is one reason for this recent centralization of education? One main reason for it, was after Sputnik and the educational gap that the US experinced with the Soviet Union, the US felt it had no choice but to increase the educational standards of its citizens. This wasn't done in some idealized attempt to increase the education of the average citizen, but instead a strategy used to combat the Soviet Union. So the centralization of education is very much a national defense issue. 

Second, I personally believe that the federal government should have a role in education. Everyone, no matter where they live, has the right to a quality education, and I believe the federal government has a duty to ensure this. Should the federal government have full control over education? Of course not. But I do believe that government has a obligation to ensure basic education standards of all of it's citizens. 

Furthermore your historical claim that the US federal government had no powers related to education is completely true. However, state governments were generally lax regarding fulfilling public schools. A majority of the populace did not have beyond a fourth grade education. Therefore the government growing in education is not quite a bad thing, IMO. (Although obviously federal education can be done poorly, and can even be quite harmful. What I'm advocating is a mix of federal/local responsibility, not full out unitarian education) 

As for your last two points, a world government would not have an armed force in today's modern terms. Any military force would be much smaller than anything seen today, and would mostly be used at natural disasters. Most of the law and order stuff would be fulfilled by police. And when you state that a world government will "enforce its will on the people", I disagree with that portrayal. The government is not "enforcing its will", it's enforcing laws. Laws that are enacted based on the will of the people. If there are laws that people oppose, they can obviously campaign to change those laws. 

Finally, why would member states continue to maintain armies? Does New York have an independent army? Do Virginia and California threaten each other with their military strength while Texas and Florida sign an arms treaty? This would be silly, and a total mockery of federal sovereignty. If individual member states continued to have their own armies then it truly wouldn't be a world government, merely a more powerful United Nations. What I'm suggesting would be fundamentally different.
True, that is why most "world federalist" advocate United Nations reform first and foremost. In order to legitimize the idea of a world government, it needs to be accountable to the people.
I didn't say I wanted a proposed NAU to have an "illusion of democracy", I said I wanted a democratic union. There are (obviously) very clear differences, and don't think that I (and many other people) would do our research to make sure it fulfilled it's democratic promise.
Diplomacy is better.
I will read about world federalists, thank you for the information.  What worries me is the prospect of a worldwide central bank.  We will eventually have the situation we have now in the US on a worldwide scale.  I also don't like the prospect of a few regional economies being managed by a worldwide central bank.  Very 1984.
Not really.  I mean, my #1 candidate for Antichrist is apparently just going to leave office in less than a year.  So scratch that theory.
Why though?

What's wrong with a democratic union of a smaller sort? Do you think it impossible or even difficult unless it spans a continent?

What would be wrong if you had a democratic republic that was only as large as a very small state? Is it chock full of democratic goodness but just not big enough to get whatever job it is done that you want done?

Seriously, any honest answer is fine, and I don't mean to insult. I really would want to know why someone would want this.
Really? Since this Union was a very public process you can certainly provide some evidcence.
It is too vague a question. What are the issues involved? A trade union, we have that. Some kind of self-defense pact? If they want it, I suppose. Giving up some of the major rights (Bill of Rights stuff), nope. Spreading rights? Sure.

Union is simply too vague a term. Egypt and Syria were one the Unite Arab Republic. To my understanding this did not change a thing internally (or externally) for either country. For centuries Egypt was part of the Turkish Empire, but had its own king, army, internal and external policies, waged war, etc.
&gt;This is why conservatives don't like the 'man-made global warming' crowd. 

They prefer ideology over science.
&gt; It is too vague a question. What are the issues involved? A trade union, we have that. Some kind of self-defense pact? If they want it, I suppose. Giving up some of the major rights (Bill of Rights stuff), nope. Spreading rights? Sure.

Fair enough, it is vague. Let me expand. When I say NAU (and mostly when others do), I would think it involves most or all of the following:

A common currency.

A common military with singular command.

Either the dissolution of our own Congress, or limitations placed on its power to legislate beyond those typical of international treaties.

An eventual integration of the executive branches of those nations involved.

The establishment of NAU embassies in foreign countries.
Then you don't understand the prophecies behind the Anti-Christ.  Bush could never be the Anti-Christ, because most people hate him.  If his approval rating as president isn't the lowest in American history, it certainly is closest.

With each passing year, we move closer to a single world government.  Consolidating geographic areas into Unions, moving towards a common currency, implementing technology and legislation to track people, their spending, and ultimately decide who is or isn't a legal person.
Again, those are not really issues I care about (excepting the vagueness on Congress). Are people still electing leaders? Are basic rights actually guaranteed? Those things matter. Where the borders are drawn is far less important to me. Again, I would love to see real democracy and rights and freedom in Mexico and don't see enough difference to care about (at this level of discussion) between the U.S. and Canada.
There is nothing wrong with a democratic union on a small scale. That is wonderful. The problem is when many democratic unions on a "small scale" continue to fight and insert their influence without any concern for anyone else. This has unfortunately happened time and time again, that entities at common sovereign level will fight each other, to the weakness of all. This leads to the determent to all, and is among the chief reasons I consider myself a "world federalist" because we all share this planet, we are all human, and we all have common goals.  

And just because the realm of the government enlarges, doesn't mean democratic movements stop. All movements must begin from the bottom-up. Also, this would be a world federation. (Sounds Sci-Fi, doesn't it? :)) So many powers would still be left to the localities. Instead I think a world federation would increase democratic participation. With an enlarged realm, you (as an activist) are increasing the capital of like-minded people. For the first time you could meet and organize with people all the way from America, Ukraine, China, Kenya, Malaysia, and Iran, all as easily as you can now (assuming you are a US citizen) connect with people from California, Nevada, Texas, Kansas, Illinois, and New York. Do you really want to limit your "democratic union" to only those that happened to live near you?
Yeah, I personally wouldn't like the idea of a world bank. But I also don't like the current fractional-reserve banking system we have in most countries, so I think that is just a greater criticism of the greater banking problem, not something that is unique to world government. (This is akin to me saying, 'I'm opposed to murder, whether done by an individual or a world government.' Not to associate banks with murder...)

And thanks for your interest in world federalism. I've myself have only done the briefest of research and I'm always trying to learn more. (Although I don't agree with everything he says, and it is outdated, Emery Reves, book "The Anatomy of Peace" is very good and I recommend it.) It also interests me greatly that Albert Einstein and Isaac Asimov were both world federalist, and those two are personal heroes of mine.
Meddling? Just hire the Scooby Doo gang.
So you're down for a vague yes, assuming of course it lives up to your ideas about human rights?

Fair enough, and I respect you quite a bit for emphasizing all of that as a requirement.
Yeah, sure, but only in the First World where people have become pussies.  In most of the world you still can't track people for shit or make them agree on a common anything at all.

Trust me on this: Africa, the Middle East, South America, large parts of India... nobody's tracking anyone in those places.  Tracking would require people to *agree* on what there is to track.
Yes either the EU or AU, Israel and Morocco seem to be [next in line for the EU](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enlargement_of_the_European_Union#Israel). And Syria is closer to the EU than Israel (which does not adjoin any EU member).
"The EU does not violate the constitution of any of its member states. Some of the constitutions had to be changed, but this was done using the existing democratic rules of these countries."

But you know that the EU constitution was forced throught the back door when France and Holland rejected the motion by POPULAR VOTE.

Don't get me wrong, I understand it was bad before but how is further separating the power from the people going to improve on that?

And what is this it's not the EU's fault it's bad. Do you even understand how policy is made there? It's not even democracy.
As with all centralised systems the people will get less say, as a corporation-government merger turns you into a serf.
I guess that is likely a factor, as well as the EU central bank imposing restrictions which it was later forced to lift.
That is interesting about Asimov and Einstein.  I'm really more intrigued by what Asimov had to say on the subject.

Summary:
Also, this would be a world federation.
The same thing that a national government governs.
I really don't think so.
If you had a country passing good and limited legislation, you get a big country passing good and limited legislation.
I'm sure it would be.
The government is not "enforcing its will", it's enforcing laws.
Also, we already have a union of states.
Otherwise, I would not support such a union.
A global government would not be allowed to violate the rights of member states.
The EU does not violate the constitution of any of its member states.
"The EU does not violate the constitution of any of its member states.
This same thing could happen in any federation, including a world government.
That should say something to people.
&gt; A global government would not be allowed to violate the rights of member states.
If your country's government had power over things you would not like it to have power over, that was the problem.
I don't understand -- why are people so threatened by the idea of nations uniting?
I really would want to know why someone would want this.
The member states, I presume.
So now is the time for such a union.
I will fight the system!
OK, but how do you think a world government would grow beyond its powers?
That only works in a small country like theirs.
Instead I think a world federation would increase democratic participation.
If they want it, I suppose.
And when you state that a world government will "enforce its will on the people", I disagree with that portrayal.
The UN wants more power for their unelected world government.
But just as likely, it also prevented your governement from making some bad decisions.
One step closer to world government.
You did used to own it, right?
There is already a United States of America.
Such is the way of governments.
A trade union, we have that.
NAU would just be an expansion of the US.
You know, I wish they would.
What makes you so sure?
The power of the US federal government was *intended* to be limited, but today it is clearly not.
and then the unions merge to a centralised world government where you get no say.
rather, where everyone gets a say instead of only the people of the United States of America.
What would be wrong if you had a democratic republic that was only as large as a very small state?
And I'm not so sure about the idea of a Mediterranean Union.
What in God's name would a world government govern?
so you don't get a better life from more of it, trust me on that one!
Yeah, I personally wouldn't like the idea of a world bank.
Joining the NAU would be different.
Oceania is at war with Eurasia, Oceania has always been at war with Eurasia.
A global government within a law based international structure would have limits on its power, just like in a any federal state.
Creating the world government you speak of would give the world that right, which would be a horrible thing.
Why would I want to let people in Iran and Indonesia do the same thing?
Global organisation(Oh, I don't know.
:)) So many powers would still be left to the localities.
It's not hard for me to let go of power at all.
This is not the kind of mindset that creates a world government.
If individual member states continued to have their own armies then it truly wouldn't be a world government, merely a more powerful United Nations.
I truly don't understand why so many people become so afraid when they hear "world government".
We already have a world government: the government of the United States of America.
Preventing states from going to war, under any circumstances.
But then you say to yourself, I want the pizza anyway, they can't do this to me even if it is for my own good.
What's wrong with a democratic union of a smaller sort?
But if the smaller one already had too much power, then you're fighting the wrong issue.
Don't get me wrong, I understand it was bad before but how is further separating the power from the people going to improve on that?
You don't need the pizza.
you can know that you are fucked when gov'ts start getting their own governments.
There is nothing wrong with a democratic union on a small scale.
No, NAU would be an erosion of US sovereignty.
As a Canadian, I would much rather join the EU than the US.
You suggest that a global democratic government would be better, but what if everyone voted against Iranians having nuclear power?
Is that really a bad thing?
Do you really want to limit your "democratic union" to only those that happened to live near you?
I'm sure it seems that way.
&gt; Preventing states from going to war, under any circumstances.
But the original country you had could very well have done the same.
or should I say having peace as long as you play by their rules.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.76
