Original Response:
Yes, angry and bitter.  But he forgot mentally ill.
What came first, the chicken or the egg?

&gt;*...it can’t be ruled out that quite a high percentage of the prisoners have, because of their treatment, by now become so bitter and twisted that they might indeed become suicide bombers...*
See, I told you we shouldn't let them go. Just keep them locked up forever!
twisted...
What goes around comes around!
Well, it's obvious that if we just kept him in Gitmo for the rest of his life, everyone would have been just fine.  Except him, he'd still be screwed.
Why, of *course* the Pentagon would have no reason to be anything but completely truthful about this.

"Uhh, yeah, that red splatter over there, that was him.  Really...  Just like we told you, but you wouldn't believe us.  Are you willing to apologize to us *now*?"
That is a minor caveat indeed. Thouh the family seems to have acknowledged these allegations - according to the news story as confirmed by the Pentagon...


Lots of 'alledgedly' stuff still there
You're making the dangerous assumption the prisoner did not commit terror in Iraq before he was imprisoned.
Well, he can't have done, because he was arrested during the fighting in Afghanistan and before Bush decided to fuck things up in Iraq as well.
He would still be alive.
US is now in the same situation that I ended up with in many childhood school fights. You pinned the guy to the floor, and the situation escalated to the point that you know that if you let the guy go, he'll go beserk on you. But on the other hand you don't want knock him out or anything.. I usually ended up extracting promise not to fuck with me again by the means of arm lock or such.. Of course as soon as guy was up, they usually charge you again like a raging bull.
And I'm expected to take the government's word on it?
Uh, wasn't he pretty much proving their point by doing this? This seems entirely counterproductive and will only justify keeping these prisoners detained.
[Example 1](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0437232/)

[Example 2](http://www.comedycentral.com/colbertreport/videos.jhtml?videoId=70789)

Of course we couldn't see that coming.
So, he blew himself up and seven others.  

Okay.  That's not a good thing.  But even if he would have done anyway, is the risk of those seven lives really worth such a complete violation of human rights?  There have quite a few inmates released, who have not become suicide bombers.  

It seems that if this is the case, we should reduce the burden of proof for murder and any violent crime as well.
[deleted]
Give them Liberty, or give them Death. You can't incarcerate him forever nor execute him without a fair trial. 
This Gitmo situation is America attempting to having their cake and eating it too.
Like that matters to any of us.  Compassion is the mark of the traitors.
Here, here!  Guilty until proven innocent, it isn't like he was an American.
Only if you are not a traitor.
Those guys in there are pretty convincing.
The teacher stopped me... twice.
Pfft, these people don't get it or don't care. This is like the PhD version of con college.  If they weren't terrorist going in, only the stanchest christian could resist, and since they are all muslin... problem solved.
See, folks? This is why we gotta invade this Guantanamo Bay terrst training camp, capture all them terrsts, an' ship their terrst asses off to Gitmo!
so you suggest we simply kill all of them?  i agree.
[deleted]
See — if he *didn’t* drown, it meant that he was a witch. But if he *did* drown, that meant he was innocent.
&gt; before Bush decided to fuck things up in Iraq as well.

Before he *started*. It seems he had *decided* by summer, 2001, if not before.
Reading some of the comments on this, You reddit fucks are some of the most naive idiots to come down the pike in quite a while. For people who pride themselves on discriminate thought, you fail miserably. Having said that, let the counter trolls respond to only prove my point.
Well, he is famous for it, being the Decider in Chief and all.
Read the fucking article:

&gt;*In this one case they may even be right. The man in question did, according to the US army, at one defect from the Kuwaiti army to fight with the Taliban in 2001. If that is indeed true the man had, one could say, form.*
Thank you.
Just another reason why they shouldn't be released.
[deleted]
We don't need to pronounce him innocent by default; he was convicted of terrorism. That's why he was in Guantanamo Bay.
Yes, it is. 7 &gt; 1. But conditions in Guantanamo can be improved if it is cost-effective.
More than 7 people have been freed from Guantanamo.  Only one of them later became a suicide bomber.

So how many non-suicide bombers should we imprison indefinitely, per life we expect to save?
I'd say the perfect recruitment and training camp for terrorists would be a terrorist recruitment and training camp, like where they can recruit and train terrorists and such.
As far as I know our system of government is founded on the principal of innocent until proven guilty. The burden of proof is on the prosecutor. You (*theoretically*) go free if there is even *reasonable* doubt.

Assuming someone is guilty immediately, regardless of evidence one way or another, is violating the basis of that principal.

To bring it close to home.. These days you can be pretty much roughed up for anything in an airport, and easily branded a terrorist suspect. Would you like to be taken from your friends and family, locked away, and not given any sort of means to fight the accusations?

It's almost like a claim of terrorism is the same as pedophilia or rape. You may or may not be guilty, but everyone assumes you are because of the stigma around the crimes. Even if you are proven innocent you still are "that guy to watch out for".

Now, you may argue, that he deserve none of that because he wasn't a US citizen. That's another discussion.
Not analogous.  You were in a fight.  Now if you had tacked a boy that was just minding his own business, you would deserve some beating after you let him know.  Many of the Gitmo prisoners had nothing to do with the US or terrorism -- they were not in a fight with the US.  They got there because of mistaken identity, overzealousness, etc, and ended up staying there for a long time because of racism or indifference to human suffering.
[deleted]
See, if I held you for no reason in my own private prison for six years, I would expect you to come after me if I let you go. So my solution would be to kill you or imprison you forever. Too bad that there was no reason to put you in prison in the first place. That's what you are advocating.
No prisoners,no problems. Agreed.

The same compromised approach occurred with the air travel security mess.

Have the balls to say,you are from here,or we just don't like you,for whatever effin reason,you go into the security line over there.

You don't like it?

Take the bus.

Little old ladies from Omaha?

Right this way ma'am. Can I help you with your bags?

I am so sick of this guy.



Thanks a lot George.

Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
Although I don't think we should be throwing innocent people in military prison we should keep in mind that these types of things have been happening to out fellow citizens for a long time. 
A cop only needs to accuse you of a felony and you can be stuck in prison with an unreasonably high bond waiting for trial- sounds like punishment to me. Or some convict can say you were involved in some drug activity and cops will swarm your home and arrest you, etc.
non-suicide bombers?
Perhaps that should be non-suicide-bombers.   As in people who aren't suicide bombers.
Why do you emphasize that they aren't suicide bombers, instead of calling them what they are, terrorists and criminals? If I gave you a number higher than 1, would you accuse me of making the prisoners' life worth less?
Because they aren't terrorists and criminals.  If they were they wouldn't have been let out, now, would they?  They would have been tried in a court of law.
They were tried in military tribunals.
Why were they released?
There's definitely a difference between what is practiced and what is preached, but they at least uphold the facade of innocent until proven guilty.

I was merely pointing out that to say he was guilty by default is a huge step away from what the country stands for.

Also, in this country the cops swarm your house, shoot you, arrest you, and then charge you for assault because you reached for a gun after being startled awake by armed men entering your bedroom. Yay, freedom! :)
They were found not guilty!
Just what I came here to say.
You mean they were found to be not terrorists and criminals?  Okay, I'm rather confused.  These non guilty terrorists and criminals who are clearly terrorists and criminals having been found not guilty by a tribunal should have been held, because there was a chance that one of them might, in the future, commit a crime.
I certainly agree that guilty by default is beyond the pale. I'd just like to see some of the redditors who howl about Guantanamo, the Palestinians, etc. expend the same amount of emotional energy on people who are treated horribly in our own justice system.
Perhaps I should have added some other reasons, if the prisoner is a foreign national to an influential country as David Hicks was to Australia sometimes the foreign government can pressure the US to free the criminal.

Justice is not absolute, there will be errors and mistrials. The language was not confusing, we were talking about two things at once. (1) This person and (2) Most prisoners. You can be in prison awaiting trial or in prison serving your sentence. In the former case, you are a suspected terrorist, in the latter, a convicted terrorist. Terrorist for short.
Your logic is fallacious, just saying...
Wonderful official big lie that the administration didn't know what motivated him.
You mean "What came first, the Terrorist or the Torture?"
Close enough.
Well, I suppose it's possible that all the people who were brought to G.B. were indeed terrorists who just hadn't blown themselves up yet. 

Possible but having read so many reports about the way so many of these men got arrested and/or turned in by profiteering or revengeful compatriots, I think this is a highly unlikely proposition.

So, if there are indeed people in the G.B. prison who weren't actually terrorists before they got captured, I don't think it's such a stretch or so preposterous to contemplate the possibility that they might want to take a very bloody revenge on their fine hosts (and/or allies) when they come out. Revenge is not exactly a thoroughly alien concept to the human animal.
[deleted]
It's a suicide attack, but i wouldn't call it terrorist.  He "attacked Iraqi Security Forces" according to the article, not innocent civilians.  A bomb that walks up to you, versus one that falls on you from the sky, both pretty much take you by surprise.  If the target is military, then I would say it's legitimate warfare.

If we think this guy had legitimate motivation for attacking the forces that are aligned with us (by way of how we treated him in gitmo), then maybe we should stop and consider whether we're really on the "good guy" side or not.
I wouldn't suggest that but killing them all would put it in black and white what Gitmo really is: gross human rights violation.

Summary:
You were in a fight.
If they were they wouldn't have been let out, now, would they?
I'd say the perfect recruitment and training camp for terrorists would be a terrorist recruitment and training camp, like where they can recruit and train terrorists and such.
You mean they were found to be not terrorists and criminals?
Just what I came here to say.
They were found not guilty!
See, I told you we shouldn't let them go.
As in people who aren't suicide bombers.
Like that matters to any of us.
I am so sick of this guy.
It's a suicide attack, but i wouldn't call it terrorist.
So, if there are indeed people in the G.B.
You mean "What came first, the Terrorist or the Torture?"
Really...  Just like we told you, but you wouldn't believe us.
If the target is military, then I would say it's legitimate warfare.
Even if you are proven innocent you still are "that guy to watch out for".

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
