Original Response:
Yes, because the US militry often buys counterfeit jets
According to the article: 

&gt;Manufactured in the Shenzhen province of China, the fake Cisco equipment was then supplied directly to the US government through several routes: either directly through US distributors or through those who had bought the counterfeit kit off eBay; through distributors in other countries, including the UK; and through US government employees buying through non-General Services Administration (GSA) approved sources.

&gt;the FBI has an "intelligence gap": it does not know whether the fake goods are made for private profit or are state-sponsored,

They have found they have bought counterfeits. 
&gt;The counterfeit products could open a hardware backdoor into those systems, warned the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), enabling an attacker, potentially undetected by security software, to gain control of the systems.
The jets may be 100% American Made, but the components are not.  The latest jets don't fly without computers.  Think F117 Wobblen Gobblen, triple redundancy, more flight control changes per second that humanly possible.  

Turn off the computers, turn off the air power, simple as that.

Not only that, but the jets now have more data links in and out of them than they've ever had before.

Never before in history has a fighting force been more exposed to the vulnerability of the technological Trojan horse... a Trojan horse carried around for the life time of the weapon.

Don't think this type of threat exists?  Consider that Syria's air defenses were completely shut down for the Israeli reactor attack...

...or a little closer to home, America's latest, greatest fighter, the F22, had to turn around midflight somewhere over the pacific ocean and return to Hawaii on their first attempt to deploy to Japan just last year.

The FBI is *constantly* catching Chinese operatives shipping plans, code and technology back to mainland China from within the United States, itself.  What the hell do you think our exposure is in the Chinese foundries where the components are made?
In my opinion, we should have 1 camera per American, that is really the only way to be American. Fuck it, lets just kill everyone.  No wait, I understand now, we just need better planes and more money for the CIA so they can find the Chinese operatives.
Except the Chinese NeoCom government and the US NeoCon government are on the same side. The  Chinese government these days is about as communist as Milton Friedman. Freakin' labor unions are outlawed, kid have to pay cash up front for public high school education. That's Communism? By what stretch of the imagination can you possibly call the China of today communist? 

I was there back in the days of the Soviet Union and I can tell you that it was starkly different from what it is today and while the big new skyscrapers look great on TV, there were no beggars then and I'm afraid that is no longer the case to put a tragic cultural shift in the most mundane terms.
*rofl*
[deleted]
so, our american build jets do have backdoors? if my country should ever annoy the great US and A we can expect our american bought equipment to be just turned off???
Hell, you can't even fly an F-14 without functional computers.
Clearly that has happened before. During the Reagan Administration the Soviet Union was trying to buy American software, which was illegal, so the Reagan Administration sold them some black market software with a back door in it and then took it over and deliberately blew up a natural gas pipeline. 

&gt;In 1982, US president Ronald Reagan approved a CIA plan to sabotage the Soviet Union's economy through covert transfers of technology that contained hidden malfunctions, including software that later
triggered a huge explosion in a gas pipeline, according to a former White House official. 
[Reagan approved sabotage](http://www.theage.com.au/articles/2004/02/27/1077676960916.html)


It's claimed that two years prior to the Chernobyl disaster US “specialists” won the contract on “upgrade of Chernobyl’s Software”. 

We need to be making our own hardware and software.
Not only is the U.S. military buying counterfeit hardware, it is buying it...retail.
it used to be in the united states what we used in the military was totally produced in the united states.   traitorous and murderous contractors who do not want any american born citizen to have a job inside america....reflection of the bastards in washington, dc?

if a jet is shutoff mid air, it drops like a brick as it is a brick forced to fly by computer chips.  

aside from the fact that this "free and democratic empire" is the most ruthless war criminal on the planet...perhaps at that time we would be getting "paid back"

washington dc has plenty more to worry about.

how is it that just an executive order, only an order issued by the white house is law?
makes our president dictator of america and in his /could become her's wet dream.
should be in his/ could be her's wet dream the emporer/dictator of earth.
The Chinese would probably do the same. If you think of it in terms of espionage and defection you will come to understand why they do this. Let's say an Iranian operative offers a US pilot flying a FA-22 20 millions dollars, 100 wives, and a donkey to defect to to Iran with the plane. The pilot decides hell yeah I want to be rich and on his next training exercise takes a strange coarse and it kills his communications. Now before he can make to Iranian soil the satellites tracking the plane send a signal to the kill switch and he ends up in the ocean. Then one of our subs comes by and blasts the thing. Pilot either goes to jail, gets eaten by sharks, and US secrets are safe.
Um.  No.  If I was the Chinese I'd try to manufacture efficient, cost-effective components made exactly to specifications and sell them to the US for a profit.  My economy would grow, my infrastructure becomes more highly developed and I wouldn't run the risk of a major confrontation while at the same time attempting to earn a world reputation as a manufacturer.  Why hurt risk hurting yourself so much as you are trying to develop just for the sake of a tactical advantage against an apparently self-imploding super power?
Note that the link to abovetopsectret.com  is plagarised from http://www.networkworld.com/community/node/27858 with a far better discussion and commmentary
To me, the interesting part of this article is that it makes you wonder if the Feds are so worried about this because they're already forcing backdoors into American products and therefore assume that foreign governments would do the same.
And I wouldn't be at all surprised to find out that the US government regards its own citizens as a greater threat than any foreign government. Because if we ever find out what they've been up to and respond to it, a lot of people in high places will wind up in jail.
The story of blowing pipeline is well known, but comes from single source. Russians who worked in gas industry at that time do not know the story. 

There certainly were no US contractors (hardware or software) working on Soviet nuclear powerplants in 1984 (2 years before Chernobyl catastrophe), except may be some pirated MS-DOS on PC or one of IBM operating systems on cloned hardware, which to the best of my  knowledge was not anywhere close  to controlling reactor. Chernobyl disaster is fully homemade.
open source to the rescue!!!
dont build plane parts in china
anyone else find it worrying that the us military are buying some of their important computer hardware from Ebay?
You know if the Soviet Union blew up a US pipeline I wouldn't have been surprised if we considered it an act of war. I am still amazed that those bastards were willing to do it.
&gt;Wouldn’t you manufacture that in if you were the Chinese?

No, because in any all-out war between China and the US, fighter planes aren't going to matter much.  Military conflict takes a fairly far back seat in the real world to the economic struggle, where the discovery of even one back door in a product would be a severely reputation-damaging incident.
One of the things I like to do is watch aircraft as they're refueling.  I haven't seen any footage of a F117 refueling, but I did recently catch an AFN clip of a F22 in-flight refueling from the boom operator's prospective.  You can actually see the horizontal stabilizers making two to three visible control surface modifications per second (the F22 itself is rock solid as it refuels though).  I've never seen anything like that with any other aircraft to date.  

The F22 is inherently unstable (as all good fighters are) to the point that it is completely unflyable without computers in the same way that the X29 and F117 were.

It's one thing to require computers to manage steady state flight dynamics and quite another thing to use computers to control "tear itself to pieces before the pilot can even eject" designed instability.
Exactly. It is quite possible that this was routine screw up due to negligence, insufficient maintenance, etc. Maybe, just may be some guys in intelligence later claimed credit.
They didn't claim that credit until there was no Soviet Union and the US was, briefly, the only superpower. Maybe they wanted to brag and thought it was safe to do so. 

I still wonder about Chernobyl. If they were behind it, in addition to all the harm it caused the Soviet Union, it also caused harm to some Republican cronies. Chernobyl, in addition to killing a lot of people in the SU, pretty much killed any new nuclear plants in the US.
and the people fear the FBI and TSA looking at their data and fucking them over

seems like an eye for an eye to me
I think you can safely assume that the evil bastards in our government and the Chinese government (and other governments) are embedding backdoors wherever the hell they can.
I'm pretty sure we have techs that search for sneaky backdoor coding on planes we purchase from other countries... I don't know much about how planes are built (or anything actually), but I think it'd be really hard to hide something that could turn the whole plane off...

EDIT: For grammar
Why everytime US news link our Chinese with some kind of evil?

1,300,000,000 need to feed, there is nothing else our government could do.
Yeah. I saw the X29 once. It was pretty outrageous closeup. 

I believe I read somewhere that that instability is the chief contributor to making the plane extremely maneuverable.

Summary:
so, our american build jets do have backdoors?
The latest jets don't fly without computers.
The Chinese would probably do the same.
The jets may be 100% American Made, but the components are not.
I still wonder about Chernobyl.
You know if the Soviet Union blew up a US pipeline I wouldn't have been surprised if we considered it an act of war.
dont build plane parts in china.
We need to be making our own hardware and software.
anyone else find it worrying that the us military are buying some of their important computer hardware from Ebay?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
