Original Response:
Great commentary. That paper is consistently one of the best things I find on reddit.
I hope they are wrong but at least they have a different point of view than the US's lying corporate media.
Yeah, it was pretty striking to hear the current oil shock equated with our Berlin Wall moment as a superpower. Why do you hope they're wrong? This is a lesson we have needed to learn for a long time.
I hope they are wrong because we will suffer if they are right. Like the Soviets suffered collapse. Which was terrible.
Except that our excessive lifestyles have only been made possible by violently repressing all of the other people in the world for a very long time. By giving up some of our wealth, it's possible for all of them to have decent lives as well.
[deleted]
I look forward to America being humbled in the world arena.  As long as the blind hyper-nationalism in this country continues, we'll keeping sliding further into mediocrity.

If Americans stubbornly believe that the US is "the greatest country in the world," there's no impetus for change.  This jingoistic tenet inspires only stagnation, not innovation.
[deleted]
unfortunately, other countries have their own blind nationalisms
We Canadians look forward to teaching you to ride dogsleds and live in igloos to conserve your dwindling oil and gas supplies. Join the Dark Side.
Few as rabid as Americans. Russians, Koreans, Chinese, and Americans seem about as gung-ho as you can get. As Einstein said, "Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind."
not everyone is able to grasp global citizenship especially those in developing countries
I totally agree. But I don't consider the U.S. a developing country. =]
Then vote for Obama. He is no America lover and will bring the changes you seek.
This has been a long time coming.  What I think will be interesting is how the average American will come to grips with the reality that they are no longer the worlds super power.  I think they have had this false comfort that they were the greatest nation, untouchable.  I think a lot of them are going to be VERY uncomfortable knowing that say CHINA is now the worlds super power.  We're already seeing Chinas massive thirst for oil, and a "Western" way of life.  As we've seen by previous articles, they feel entitled to everything that Americans have (big cars, houses, washing machines, etc).  They think American should be cutting down, not them.  Frankly I think America is screwed up, but China as a world superpower scares the shit out of me.

I think they've been blissfully unaware for many years of not only this momentem of change, but of their own ignorance toward world affairs involving their own Country.  It's going to be a shock when it drops on their front doorstep.
[deleted]
I think who needs to give up some of their wealth is the plutocracy.
Asia is the new King.
Every superpower/empire/country has its day. A century ago Britain was dominant, now look at it. However, will the US actually be able to keep up with the fledgling hyperpower nations?
That may decrease your patriotism, and we definitely do not want that. Go about your day sir, while ignorance can still be bliss.
I think we are just going to rape Alaska,.. that will work.
Actually I think China is in a bit of trouble. What are they going to do with the large majority of their population that are essentially uneducated farmers? There isn't going to be a repeat of the middle of last century with large amount of manufacturing jobs- automation will take care of that.
Along with making sure enough bad 2nd Amendment precedent is set to place us under constant worry of seizure.

Sure...you have the right to bear arms, as long as you meet all 50 of our qualifications!

-Not an Assault weapon

-Not concealed

-Pass our arbitrary 'checks'

-We can come and seize your gun like Katrina whenever we want, Citizen
er he voted against the law allowing the seizure of weapons during "emergency's." (Hillary voted for, I don't remember how McCain voted)
Vote McCain, he'll give more of your money to corporations while his bills will destroy affordable healthcare, and lead to even more jobs being lost oversees. If he is anything like, he'll get us in a few more wars as well, leading to spending lots of blood &amp; gold that gives us nothing in return.

Ver are your PAPERZ!
Everyone thinks america is bad... 

When a nation has a growing population with few resources, this inevitably leads to war. We're not talking 'regional' conflicts either. 

You think America was bad...
you've never visited the south..
I couldn't be happier.
[deleted]
I love you fools who hope this is true just to "teach the country a lesson." What a terrible thing to say. It'll destroy your life too, not just the people who got us into this mess. Some other jackass commenter said that believing we are the greatest country leads to stagnation instead of progress. No, assuming we are destined to fail leads to stagnation.
[deleted]
China is headed toward massive implosion.
I think their original "solution" to that was via the One Child policy — bring the population down gracefully to a level where you could have a high standard of living based on industrialized agriculture and other labor-saving advances, without a whole lot of surplus people around with nothing to do.

However I think their rate of growth in living standards has far outstripped expectations.  I can only assume that the gap between rich and poor must be huge, and will only get bigger as they develop further and the jobs performed by those on the low rungs of the ladder become unnecessary.

I'm not sure what they do then.  It's pretty clear that the Western way of life isn't sustainable even for the small minority of the world's population that now enjoy it; there's no way that the majority in China are ever going to attain it, at least not in its current form.

I'm not sure there are a lot of useful historical parallels for what China is doing right now.
Have you ever been to China?  It may be cute to call out the U.S. for jingoistic nationalism, but believe me it's got *nothing* on the knee-jerk, spoon-fed-by-controlled-media beliefs of the average Chinese person.

However bad you think the U.S. military-industrial-political-media complex is, multiply that by ten and you have a rough idea of what most people in China get their information filtered through.
I never connected the dots before this article in regards to Russia. A high ranking Gazprom official becoming President?
not if we nuke everyone else first.

we win by elimination! technical victory!
[deleted]
You are correct that the headline is typical America hating ignorance, but the decline of the U.S. position in the world is inevitable and necessary. This in no way means the end of America.
Asia Times Online has always been a fairly high-quality publication.
You've never visited a developing country.
[deleted]
Who would that be?
schadenfreude
You never know, they may have a communist revolution :p
Might very well be true, but the the air of smugness and schadenfreude in the article is quite disturbing. The US might (have) be(en) an empire but if it was, it was way more benevolent than the empires before it, or the ones that are emerging (Chinese, for example).
[deleted]
no no, the point is that after america stops being the SUPERpower, there wont be any superpowers for a while. just great powers
no you dont, nuke russia and russia nukes you
according to the asian times.

we need to consider the source.
now now now

lets not exaggerate. China has been showing its nationalist colors as of late for some just reasons. but china is nothing unique in this respect. and they actually are quite aware of how much they need to catch up with the west

you want real nationalism? go to korea. those guys are truly crazy.
Only soviet russia ;)
The US may be in decline but it is way too soon to declare the they have lost their superpower status. No other country can come close to challenging the US militarily. The US can also project its military power nearly anywhere in the world in a short period of time, something which most other countries cannot do.
obama hates us for a'r freedums
Since when did expensive gas mean that the U.S. is no longer a superpower. I thought superpower meant world influence and military might. Do we still not have both in a large enough quantity to be considered a superpower?
A "benevolent" empire doesn't support groups that kill their own people because of a misguided Cold war belief.
&gt; the oil regimes on which we depend for our daily fix are depositing their mountains of accumulating petrodollars in "sovereign wealth funds" (SWFs) - state-controlled investment accounts that buy up prized foreign assets in order to secure non-oil-dependent sources of wealth. At present, these funds are already believed to hold in excess of several trillion dollars; the richest, the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA), alone holds $875 billion.

Ah, this reminds me of the old reddit ... actually learning about something useful!
Shit happens.
I can understand where those people are coming from. It's frustrating to think that things could be better if we weren't so short sighted and collectively ignorant about important issues. This lesson will teach us to conserve and be more self sustainable and aware. Companies that don't adapt will die off and new ones will take over and thrive in this new mindset. We'll be stronger in the long run but not if we remain fat lazy consumers expecting handouts and subsidies for failed business models that keep us consuming.
this is a joke thread, only jokes allowed!
no serious business.
like another poster said, soviet russia... nukes YOU!
&gt;more benevolent
"The greatest country in the world" is a subjective statement. If we would stop defiling our Constitution we would be the greatest country in the world with regard to the respect of peoples Rights. 

When we have more people leaving than clamoring to become citizens, then we're in trouble. Although tarnished, we still a beacon of hope for a large portion of the World both in our ideals and from a financial perspective.

The problem isn't our reliance on oil. The problem has more to do with our reliance on other nations investing in the U.S. economy, and making critical components for things we need to function... This is bad news.

Conventional war is dead in the developed World. It costs far too much for what you get in return in both lives and money. With the global economy, calling in all your notes would have just as much impact as a nuclear strike. If China ever did this with us... Hello Depression!
The superpower is always the bogeyman, so I am not at all surprised by the tone of this article.

That said, not that this article has told us anything new, but I'm relieved. As an American, I wish for our country's national image and attitude to return to something like that of our pre-WWI self.

We didn't need to prove to the world that we were a great nation by meddling in the affairs of foreigners, and I firmly believe that we don't need to today, either.
[deleted]
Zing
I have never, but I have coworkers and friends that work regularly in China. My roommate's family is from Hong Kong. I have a friend studying qi gong in remote rural China and an elderly woman thought he was a white monkey. We're talking apples and oranges when comparing elements of China to America.

I'm not attacking American (or Korean) culture, but don't confuse it with an exaggerated sense of nationalism. America's is so venerated, it reminds me of blind faith. As in God, it becomes an all-encompassing ideal that covers too much without question. God filles the huge holes that science explores, and the zealous know a bit about their personal world and the rest of God's domain.

This is why I think Einstein and many others oppose nationalism, seeing it as a sickness. It prevents people from coming together.

PS: It's not the U.S. military-industrial-political-media complex that I have issues with, it's the CIA and NED that I fear more than anything on this planet.
Have you been to China? I'd like to hear about it. From my experience living there for 7 months there is very little nationalism compared to the US. Many students I talked to seemed genuinely interested in my critique of their country and government, without being offended when I gave it. A couple guys selling street food to me even told me how great America is and how much they wish they could move here. I definitely sensed some patriotism from some people, but it wasn't accompanied with the same kind of blindness that you get in a lot of patriotic Americans.
Good response, khlavguy. I guess the diff is between the government's sense of pride in itself and the people's. But even with China, while some of the government's efforts are a bit zealous when compared to the West, they're fairly reserved and calculating. It's the people you see in Korea that get gung-ho, and in America's case, a sense of attack and defense when it comes to their identity.

Maybe that is is one of the problems with America, people mistake their identity with that of their nation. I am not knocking the U.S., but a sense of one's self shouldn't be displaced by those of something imaginary like the idea of one nation over another.
The national literacy rate is pushing 90% - so even the farmers have at least basic education.
[deleted]
Hah yeah right, someone needs to be at our level before I'll believe we aren't a superpower. The problems the US is currently experiencing may very well be temporary.
Zoom-zoom-zoom!
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;influence and military might
...fueled by, well, fuel, that is refined from crude oil.

When Hitler mounted his offensive against the Soviets during WWII, the inability to logistically provide fuel for his war machines ended in disaster.  One would only hope that the US ruling class would come to realize the folly of being dependent on other nations to supply the US war machines, but the hubris and arrogance that has been consistently on display leads one to suspect otherwise.

The irony is that oil was selling at around $25/barrel before the invasion of Iraq (Shock and awe).
This article means that if we get Bush II in office, that could possible signal the fall of the US empire. We'll stay in Iraq, keep paying astronomical gas prices, and maybe attack Iran. 

3 Different theaters of war....man, we are in for a crazy future...
[deleted]
[deleted]
I will miss you, Captain America!

You were the most benevolent despot the World ever had
This is a few years old, but completely relevant:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHrUECYvVrA
I would say that it is going to be over, but it is not over yet. The US still has something like 1/4 of the world's GDP and 1/2 of the world's defense spending.
So it's not just a U.S. problem, it's a global problem and by all measures the standing would and still is proportional?
Actually our rampant consumerism and moral authority helped out virtually every other country in the world. The great evil America has spread technology, democracy, sound economic principles, and respect for human rights across the entire world. We have influenced virtually every country. We broke a few eggs on the way, but the current prosperity of the world is due, in large part, to America. We didn't do it all unselfishly, of course, but we did have a profound impact on quality of life throughout the entire world.

Just because we use cheap labor around the world to provide products for us doesn't mean we are hurting them. We are actually helping by establishing jobs and providing technology and economic principles to the countries. The $2 a month wage we pay is better than the $0.02 a month they were living on before we reared our evil heads.

America is not going to lose its "Superpower" status, and if it did it would not mark a triumphant moment for the world. Part of being a super power is political and military domination, and for the forseeable future America still will dominate in those regions. We may not be blowing away the EU and China and India in terms of GDP, but we still dominate militarily and politically. If we get a president that actually bothers to have international relations again, we can restore the goodwill we once had with the world.
I posted this to Reddit an hour ago, but my karma here is nascent.  I don't want this one to just slip away this time..

http://reddit.com/info/6izs4/comments/
[deleted]
Your delusions of grandeur will pass when you find your grandchildren working for the Middle Eastern overclass, dreaming of emigrating from your hell-hole of a country to... well, just about anywhere else.
If only this this huge problem can stimulate a focused US push for alternative energy R&amp;D, it need not be the disaster it seems. I'd like to hope? dream? that the US might lead in this field.
Oh please. There are as many ignorant, bigoted, illiterate hicks and rednecks in the north as there are in the south. I've lived in both extremes of the US and find that geography has a whole lot less to do with it than socioeconomics.
Yeah, but we can count on Reddit to destroy any patriotism we might have....
[deleted]
Ok, I had May 2008, what's my prize?
[deleted]
&gt;To read the press, one might think that China's economy would soon surpass in size and prosperity the world's remaining superpower. There is some basis for this speculation, though it is wildly premature at best, and very unlikely for several decades, if ever, at worst. The correct factual basis is that China is a very large place with an even larger population. The other correct ingredient in such a story is that for the past twenty-eight years or so China has exhibited extremely rapid growth. If its massive population had an average level of productivity for what the International Monetary Fund calls a "middle-income country," or productivity equal to that of some of its wealthier neighbors, China would already have the largest GDP in the world. That is not likely to happen for another thirty years or so at the earliest. More importantly, even under the best of trends sustained for far longer than is likely, China will not reach the U.S. standard of living--not to mention surpass it--until mid-century. More likely China will, even under very optimistic assumptions, not reach the U.S. standard of living until late in this century.

[via The International Economy](http://goliath.ecnext.com/coms2/gi_0199-6575460/Will-China-surpass-the-United.html)

The reality is that America will not always be a superpower, but it will most likely remain so for a very, very long time (i.e. we will all be dead when that day comes.)
according to your methodology no benevolent empire ever has, nor ever will exist. get used to it
Why on earth would fall of US destroy other people lives in foreign countries? Unless of course you are attacking on us with your military forces - like you already do?

It might destroy the western way of living, but it will not definitely destroy us. It's your way of living that is destined to fail (and of course other western countries). You are probably smart enough to adjust on that fact. Well, you have no other options. 

Let's just hope that you are willing to lose some of your values (and I do not mean the good values like freedom) instead of ending this bullshit with something like WWIII.

In Finland we have had this dialog going on for many years. The question is whether or not to join NATO. NATO is very actively acquiring European nations right now. The other options are is to try to stay as independent as possible, or "join" Russia (our eastern neighbor).

I don't know, but I feel somewhat good about the ongoing fall of US way of living. You are not giving anything for free, that's for sure, but its a fight that you do not have any change to win. It's better to know this before its too late. Still all the signals that you are giving to us, is that you do not understand a shit about this.

Look for example your Patriot Act. You are already willing to give out some of your most important values, that is freedom. And the bad times aren't even near. When bad times come, you have already lost the most important thing to fight about. And how did you lose this in a first place?
Exactly. An empire stops being benevolent once it starts conquering other peoples.
I don't know what part of China you lived in, but I was in Shanghai for 2.5 years and I saw a lot of pride they took in their country. The Chinese middle class has it easier than the American middle class, especially in a place like Shanghai where you don't need a car. Food is cheap, clothing is cheap and apartments are fairly cheap.

But, and this is a big but, the people that live in the villages are not that well off and will probably not realize life in the middle class. Education is expensive for the poor with most of them dropping out only after a few years to work in the fields.
He was addressing Americans obviously.
What constitutes being a super power, having the biggest brains or the biggest bombs? I ask this in all seriousness.
&lt;rant&gt;
So right. For that last 7+ years we've been building up our military for both our foreign war on terror and our domestic war on drugs, while simultaneously declaring a war on science and common sense and look where we are at now. 

We are graduating less engineers and scientists then ever before. Scientists can't easily do stem cell research because our president and the republicans think the old man in the sky will come down and smite them. Kids don't want to get engineering degrees because some fear there will be no work when they graduate because most companies would rather outsource to Asia.


Our media is dumbing us down and we have presidential candidates that will spew forth anything just for a vote and people buy into it. Our media allows the pentagon to spew it's propaganda and when they are called out on the carpet there is no mention of it at all.

These idiots that think we are a super power just because we have technologies that can kill the most people need to rethink their claim on supremacy. Especially when they or their kids have nothing more to look forward to than working at a walmart.

These are the same people who keep voting in idiots like bush and vote against their best interests. 

USA a superpower, yea because we have the big bombs..but on the other hand we have too many little minds.
&lt;/rant&gt;
&gt;You are correct that the headline is typical America hating ignorance.

I must disagree.  It's recognition of a changing of the guard in world affairs.  Doing so does not equate to "America hating," no matter how much conservatives want us to believe it does.

EDIT: Formatting.
No, if it were Fox News, we'd have to consider the source.  It's good to read an alternative perspective once in a while.
I tend to agree with OhioDude vvvv...besides, we have enough oil within our borders to sustain our current economy (or rather, the economy of a few years ago) for at least another generation. 

Once gas hits $4 or $5/gallon and stays there in the parts of the country where it has been cheapest, I think we will see a big push to reopen wells in Texas and Alaska, and to drill new ones; not just regular liquid crude wells, but oil shale wells as well.
Ah... now I feel stupid :-(.
Join Russia!  Russia is Finland's friend!  You can always trust Russia!
China has made amazing soles for the last decade. I would love to see the US become the new sole superpower through advanced research in podiatrics.
Thank you for the advice! We will start negotiations after ice hockey world champion tournament. We already beat USA and they seemed kinda weak. Hopefully we can get a game against Russia too. If we win that game too, we are confident enough to stay independent at least to the next tournament. But if we lose, we should ask ourselves: Russia, why not?
Yeah, I was referring to the Americans who for some reason think it'd be a great idea for the country they live in to collapse. Obviously people outside of have some degree of dependence on the US economy, but not enough to destroy their lives.

I actually like Finland a lot. I don't think you guys have anything to worry about if the shit goes down, given your performance in WWII. How many other countries fought both the Russians and the Nazis alone and beat them both? Oh, none.
no way man, that shit was on point. 

America will have to get used to living in a more conservative  way, and that is not a bad thing! Us Americans live in such a disposable society it is disgusting, a little appreciation for the simple things in life is not bad. 

Its not the end of the world, we just have to start playing our part. 

(Ha Ha, you know more about the patriot act than most Americans)
When was the last time you met a farmer that knew how to replace a Flux Capacitor?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
You are right, I'm still smiling. But I'm on the other hand a little bit worried about Canada.
It may appear on CNBC though. They like to have a good laugh once in a while.

But seriously, USA to lose its status of "world superpower" because oil reached 120 dollars a barrel? Fat chance.
Thats [Hampshire College](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hampshire_College) For Ya

EDIT: That's where the author of the article teaches.
I, for one, welcome our new Russian overlords.
Nothing one good Typoon, Cyclone or Tsunami won't take care of.
So THATS  why its worth [7 reinforcement armies](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Risk_(game).
Which means, we're not *destined* to fail--we're actively choosing to do so.
If gas goes to $6 or $8 a gallon, we won't have quite as much freedom.
North Korea* South Korea is totally different. Been living here for 6 months and have me a Korean girlfriend. She definatly cares about her country, but its just like how us redditers care about our country.
Well nobody in China likes Shanghairen, and Shanghairen are pretty patronizing toward the rest of China too.

I was living in Beijing and only spent a few days in Shanghai so I can believe you. I guess the higher standard of living there makes them blinder to the problems.
Come on, are you 50?

Most people that aren't right-wing rednecks or rabid FOX News viewers couldn't give a shit about this country. When I graduated my public (Texan) high school of 3,500 a few years back, the only time I got flak was from a girl who was angered that I agreed with John Kerry's statement about American troops in Iraq. I and other students would otherwise bash the country's ingrained culture and government often--on an almost daily basis--and no one gave a shit. I was among a decently large (20-30 or so people) atheist clique of students, consisting of athletes, intellectuals, honor students, musicians and otherwise normal people who frequently mocked religion and Christianity. One day in a Physics class of mine I even raised a Nazi salute while saying the Pledge of Allegiance in German without conflict, and at times advocated extremely anti-American political ideals. 

I could have said I was a communist and no one would have done anything. The only thing that would have gotten your ass kicked was advocating against marijuana legalization. This wasn't an elite school that advocated "tolerance", it was an average public high school with average test scores in a middle-class neighborhood.

Trust me, no one (in the larger sense) of the recent generation I've talked to except for that small minority with excessively right-wing upbringings gives a *fuck* about this country in a nationalistic way, and I live in southern Texas. The good majority of people I've seen that do are soldiers, friends of soldiers, and old people. You guys are acting like we're Nazi Germany or Rome or something, but we're not. There is no "Hitler youth" and people *certainly* don't idolize any politician in this country, except maybe Barack Obama, but that's stretching it.
My wife is from Beijing and they're about the same as the Shanghaiese. We did a stint in Nanjing for about 4 months and the attitude there is much different. Yunnan too, dirt poor province, but the nicest people.
[deleted]
Wow, you just regurgitated every single headline about America since we won world war II.

What? You think you were being original?  http://kultursmog.com/Life-Page01.htm

Reddit repeats this crap every week and they STILL haven't been proved right.

The US is a super-power because we have real power, military, economic, cultural it's all there -- it's always there even when you try to ignore it and make ridiculous assertions like these.

China, for all its press has an economy which is still a fraction of ours, a military which has never been tested with barely enough technology to threaten the US west coast let alone the whole, and their biggest contribution to world culture has been lead in the paint of children s toys.

Europe for all its press has a great economy but they get that economy and all the nanny state benefits from having an atrophied military. If the US actually did collapse Europe would have to field its own military to protect its own interests and yea you can kiss a lot of that economy and nanny state benefits goodbye. For a continent so steeped in culture it's sad when the only memorable impact on recent world culture can best be summed up as "Pans Labyrinth" which unfortunately will soon be re-inflicted on us as "The Bloody Hobbit".

The US has ALWAYS had bad Presidents, its the hazard of living in a democracy but we survived Jimmy Carter and we'll survive George Bush.  Can you really look at the energy and inclusiveness of Obama's campaign and not see an American resurgance on the world stage when he's elected president.  (And yea I said when, even a die-hard conservative like me knows there's not enough racism in America to elect McCain).

Personally, the people rooting for America's decline are too far removed from the reason for it's rise.   For all it's amazing faults and arrogance and blunders the US actually has proven to be a benevolent dictator on the world stage.  We never exploited our monopoly on Nuclear Weapons directly after WWII.   And for the most part whenever there has been a natural disaster Americans have so consistently been the first to rush to help the survivors that now we can't really imagine a world where there is no such response but the thing is that didn't exist prior to the rise of the US.

I could go on of course but it all boils down to the fact that with a Country with the size and power of the US there are a LOT of things that are wrong, it's inevitable because there's no such thing as a perfect government and its easy to just focus in on everything that's wrong.  But there is a lot of really good things too and while you can try to ignore them to make your case the only result is that time will prove your conclusions wrong just as everyone else has been proven wrong for more than half a century.

Winston Churchill once said "Many forms of Government have been tried and will be tried in this world of sin and woe. No one pretends that democracy is perfect or all-wise. Indeed, it has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time." and if you replace democracy with "The United States" you pretty much end up with the same thing.
And after we're finished falling, it'll be a decade of global war to fill in the gap.

I can hardly wait.
[deleted]
&gt;except for that small minority with excessively right-wing upbringings

Is that group really as small as you think it is?  The US is a vary large country.  Your experience does not apply to all of the US.
I live in a very large city in Texas. If this isn't the case in a large Texas high school, I seriously doubt it's the case in blue state high schools.

You're right, though--there could be many nationalistic people in other parts of the U.S. I haven't been to. But both my experiences and what I've seen from polls/data seem to point to those people being of the older generation, such as the baby boomers and to a lesser extent the Generation Xers. I'm not saying this is the case everywhere, but that in the larger sense the vast majority of people in my generation do not care about America as a country or national entity at all.

Hell, just look at the entertainment made for teens and early twentysomethings. How much of our music, movies, or video games actually involve our nation or "being American"? The only immediate examples I can think of are war movies and video games, which represent a small portion of what we buy. Contrast this to the media that existed during *fervent* nationalism, such as during WWII, and there's no contest.
&gt;The reality is that America will not always be a superpower, but it will most likely remain so for a very, very long time

Having the largest GDP is not enough to qualify as a superpower.  The US became a superpower at the end of WWII with its monopoly on nuclear weapons and producing ~50% of the worlds goods.  That monopoly has long been lost, and its share of world GDP has fallen below 'superpower' levels.  The only reasons the US is still considered a superpower is its military dominence and its traditional (since WWII) leadwership of the Western world.

The EU already has a larger GDP than the US, and is showing reluctance to blindly follow the US lead.  China, despite its current economic and military inferiority, has been able to use its diplomatic skill to woo a surprisingly large influence amongst fellow developing countries.  It very much looks like a multi-polar world order is being shaped.  The US can maintain its position as a leading world power, and maybe use its energy more productively once it finds it cannot start wars at its leisure anymore.
GREAT NEWS
The US economy and fiscal position were much stronger in the 70's.  Besides, as the article did point out, America's heavy  dependence on imported oil did not begin until the 80's.
If you think that the US is an "evil empire", just wait for the next one. It will be as if Darkseid himself was the President.
I think this is an extremely premature assessment.  I am also very pessimistic about America's continuing world domination, but to say that oil going past $110 specifically seals its fate seems arbitrary and poorly reasoned.
Wow, you apparently know very little about China, and yet are so willing to express your opinions.

&gt;It is too unstable economically

Untrue.

&gt;its infrastructure is shit

There are many high-profile fuck ups l;ike the 3G Dam, but most other infrastructure (Rail, Road, Airports, Electricity, water, etc) are just fine.

&gt;and it is rife with corruption

True, hopefully they make more progress with that.

&gt;there are no women left to bear Chinese children, thanks to their incredibly short-sighted and stupid policy of having only one child

False.  Nonsensical even.  China has a mild problem with its gender ratio.  But that is mostly a rural problem, and will fade as industrialization and better farming techniques make their way to the interior.

&gt;their culturally myopic view that girls are worthless

Wrong country.  You are talking about India.  I can't even imagine how you would get such an impression of Chinese women.
The fact that you need to combine the GDP of 27 sovereign countries in order to equate to One _Super Power_ proves the singular status of the moniker.
Nanjing eh?  Massacre was an inside fucking job, wake up sheeple
Russia??? You must be kidding me! We have the most incompetent government in the world (well, maybe close second to those Myanmar guys).
You lost a little bit of enthusiasm there, eh?
Once you have enough bombs to blow up the world once over, what's to distinguish between any great powers?
If you think Bush is bad, you haven't experienced Putin yet. If you think American media is biased, you haven't seen Russian TV. Thankfully for you, we are more likely to be conquered by China than to take over US.
[deleted]
The US isn't going anywhere for a while.
I think this may be a bit premature. I don't think US superpower status is based solely on cheap petro. Not to mention there is a difference between not having oil and not drilling what you have. Beyond all that the author must have missed the story about the 400 billion barrels under N. Dakota that the current high prices now make recoverable. What was that, 4000 new wells starting to go in now? I agree, we desperately need change on many fronts. I don't think $4 a gallon gas is going to be enough to cause it.
&gt;1/4 of the world's GDP

A GDP that is 70% consumption.

&gt;1/2 of the world's defense spending

Spending dependent on continued borrowing.

&gt;I would say that it is going to be over, but it is not over yet.

Agreed.  The US still holds a lot of influence due to past habit and the US's continued willingness to bribe (military aid) or coerce (threatening to bomb Pakistan to the Stone Age).
[deleted]
Nanjing? ({:-{/)

THIS

IS

**SPAAARRRTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!**
The end of superpower status need not come in the form of a collapse.  A president willing to put an end to the US policy of putting bases in every country it possibly can, and willing to cut down military spending by 75% or so would be able to end the superpower era with grace.

Somehow I don't really see that happening.
Um, China.  With 20%+ of the population, it could be quite the power if fully industrialized.  India as well.  Russia is not likely to be the superpower it once was, but it can easily be one of the leading countries again, assuming it continues on the path it has for the last 7 years.
Whats wrong with Asia Times?
Would China be worse?  Their foreign policy is a hell of a lot better than that of the US.
&gt;I live in a very large city 

There you go then. Try going out to more rural areas.
Aye, if economic strength were the only factor, Japan would have consolidated a strong leadership position in Asia 30 years ago.

&gt;The fact that you need to combine the GDP of 27 sovereign countries in order to equate to One Super Power proves the singular status of the moniker.

GDP is a measure of economic activity, not economic strength.  The US GDP figures do not take into account that the economy is currently build upon a foundation of debt and is bleeding wealth into Asia.  Supoerpower it still is, but a fading one.
inflation can be exponential (i.e. we may be alive when that day comes)
The assumption made by most Americans is that we were fighting wars for oil.  We thought, for sure, that those wars were for access to cheap oil.

As it turns out the war for oil thing--not so much.  We're pretty much standing in line with everyone else.
Americans had oil reserves in the 70's; other countries hadn't and are still paying for that
Better believe it too brother!  = )
Like Russia, we're experiencing a resurgence.
Sufficient brains means one does not require bombs.
If a nation's ideology is compelling enough, people will naturally side with you.  Otherwise, one is left with the big stick.

So to answer your question, the power of persuasion (brains) is by far the most compelling.
yeah you have fun with that.
Europe a cultural morass?  Are you joking?  Europe can defend itself if it chooses to do so.  I wouldn't cost too much.  Also there is a difference in nannying.  In the US, they Nanny you to be morally pure.  In Europe, they Nanny you to be a better worker, and you need to be educated and healthy to work efficiently.  The European policies are much more forward thinking.
The US got economics right, but public policy wrong.  The economics is the easy part and other countries are getting it right now too.  Canada has budget surpluses forever now, for instance.   The US also fought many wars, but none on her own soil since the revolution (or there abouts).  You guys "fight them over there so we don't have to fight them over here".  Which is great until the client countries hear it and get pissed off.  (They get CNN too.)

The real difference is that it takes a lot to turn a ship the size of the US.  Most countries would have collapsed under Bush's policies alone but they are too small to allow such mistakes to happen.  They get it done (mostly) right because they have to.   But for the last few decades, the US has dropped the ball in so many areas, that the ship is turning.  Trouble is that it takes a lot to get a large ship back on course too.  More than what Obama can accomplish, I'm afraid.

While the US is still a military superpower she is tied up in Iraq and won't be leaving for a while.  She is tied up fiscally, educationally, medically etc.  Gone are the days of the Unitary Superpower.
http://answers.yahoo.com/my/profile?show=LtfGrOp5aa
&gt;A GDP that is 70% consumption.

What is *consumed* must also be *produced*, so the GDP gives us a measure of the United States' productive power (net imports are backed out of GDP).
Well, I think they overestimated what they could achieve at their level of technology. 

Take a look a this 3d printer. It's still primitive but it's shows waht can be done for little cost.
link:
http://vidicon.livejournal.com/549161.html
Give me a break.  For every instance 'United States' was used, the word 'world' could have taken its place.  This was rant by some angry asian cause his rice costs too much bling.
Well when I think of Europe I think of German Autos (not that I'd buy one, the Japanese are MUCH better automakers), Swiss Chocolate, Catholicism, and "Pan's Labyrinth".  There really hasn't been much that's come out of Europe that I, as an American have adopted as part of my cultural identity.  I'm sorry but that's the truth.

Europe has great great cultural history but really that's pretty much where all that history is right now -- history.   What new invention have you given the world, what great new musical style, a string of blockbuster movies, anything distinctively european that has blazed a path in the world?

Now name 10 American movies you've seen in the past 5 years, name 10 American states, name 10 American cities, who invented the Internet?  Which companies make most of your pharmecuticals?  Ate at McDonalds recently (sometimes culture is not really a good thing, but still... where's the european equivelant).   

The thing is Europeans probably know more about America than most Americans.

I have only one word to rebutt European military might and will to use it: Yugoslavia.  It basically failed the test right on its own border and had to wait for the US to step in and man up (which is pretty hard thing to ask a Clinton -- heh, sorry just couldn't resist).   Going a bit further, while the US was busy with Iraq it left the Iran problem to Europe and I believe the outcome was a third world country openly mocking Europe and continuing on a course which is bad for the US as well, but you know it's really not very good for Europe either.

And while the US was busy with Iraq and wasn't quite as available for humanitarian efforts as it's historically been there's that whole african genocide thing the Europeans (most of whom had kept their militaries at home) ignored.

I think you misunderstood the nanny state reference.   We use it here to indicate cradle-to-grave social services.  I don't begrudge Europeans this, if that's what they want to pay for that's fine.   But in the US if you do the math, Social Security (our biggest Nanny state program) is a horrible deal returning only a *TINY FRACTION* of what we'd get if we could actually invest the funds and of course there's that whole baby-boom thing calling the entire system into question.

You're right about it taking a long time to turn a ship which means that no president can destroy it in 8 years, for the most part, and it may be beyond Obama to get things on track in another 8 but I think you underestimate the resilience of the American Economy and workers.  We've been here before in the late 70s.  We'll be here again a few decades down the road.  The wheel turns.

While we're tied up in Iraq true, do you honestly think we don't have the ability to leave Iran in complete, leaderless anarachy?  Really?  

Really, despite all this, I love Europe but it's got a VERY, VERY, VERY long way to go to stand side by side with the US as an equal on the world stage.  

Nice post BTW.  Kinda rare thing on reddit to a comment that actually makes you think :)
Inside jobs in foreign countries are outside jobs. So he is right in not being very thrilled by it.
So what do you expect to happen? A nationalist uprising from rural hicks and farmers? Most of the intellectual, technological, economic and cultural resources are concentrated in large cities. The "nationalists", if you could even call them that, are only a fraction of the population. Calling it "hyper-nationalism" makes it seem like we're Stalinist Russia.
Yes, women in India are so worthless that they can even become Prime Minister! Or, like my aunt, incredibly successful doctors! Or, like another aunt, ambassadors! 

Asshole.
New England Deathray?
[deleted]
Or they are being burned to death by their husband's family.  Or killed as infants by fathers who would prefer male children.  India has both extremes, but while the wealthy and urban women get fair treatment, the ones living in the under-developed countryside are getting the shaft, and getting it pretty damned badly.

&gt;can even become Prime Minister! Or, like my aunt, incredibly successful doctors! Or, like another aunt, ambassadors!

Same can be said of Chinese women, but that doesn't stop people like FlamingBagOfPoo from posting ignorant tripe.

&gt;Asshole.

Fucking schmuck.  Do you think your city represents the whole of India, one of the most diverse countries in the world?  But maybe this indifference to the impoverished rural India is why your government is so fucking useless and Indian [farmers](http://democracynow.org/article.pl?sid=06/12/13/1451229) are **still killing themselves in despair**!  

A good [comparative](http://ignca.nic.in/ks_41035.htm) piece on the status of women in India and China.  A bit dated, but heavy on relevant statistics.
Oil 'surging' past $110 is why America is in decline?  That statement may be true, but most certainly tells the story from a sinking-ship perspective.

The DECLINE of the dollar due to the trade deficit, budget deficit, and savings deficit, is the root cause of America's decline.  Oil surging past $110 is merely a symptom.  And ditto on Nefalia's statements.
[deleted]
I am surprised that nobody is talking about the 11 Super Carriers and 8 Assault Carriers in the US Arsenal. Each task force individually is more powerful then any other Navy in the world.

Then there is the B-2 Spirit fleet.

It is the projection of Military power that defines a superpower.

As for the US being a fading Superpower, sure - fading over the century (not the decade.)

The Democrats will come back into office, the economy will rebound (being a cyclic phenomena) and all will be well.

Rumors of the United States demise are much overrated, lol (although from reading this comment section it is quite obvious a lot of people from other countries have many a wet dream at night hoping that the US does flounder sooner rather then later.)
Military might will only go so far.  What will the US do if France and Germany can not be convinced to support a certain critical policy, bomb them?  Likewise with diplomatic spars between the US and China over influence in South America, Africa, and Southeast Asia.  Will the US simply obliterate all nations that lean towards the Beijing Consensus?  Such action would lose the US the support of even its staunchest allies.

&gt;The Democrats will come back into office, the economy will rebound (being a cyclic phenomena) and all will be well.

There is nothing cyclical about the massive US debt or annual fiscal deficits.  Will Obama have the guts and political capital to balance the budget?

Also, the price of oil is the leading factor in the US's recent ballooning of the trade deficit.  Is that cyclical (honest question)?  Or is the continually increasing demand from emerging countries likely to keep the price of oil above $100 US/barrel?  

&gt;It is the projection of Military power that defines a superpower

No, it is a nation's ability to influence global policy and institutions to its own favour, whether by diplomatic or military means, that defines a superpower.
First of all, moron, I'm an American. I was 
born here, have lived here most of my life, and have always been a citizen. So it's not "my government." 

I also love that you link to an article that has absolutely nothing to do with women's rights, but quotes an Indian...woman. Who is a: "physicist; ecologist; director of the Research Foundation on Science, Technology, and Ecology; in ‘93, awarded the Alternative Nobel Peace Prize, the Right Livelihood Award." Yeah. 

&gt;"Do you think your city represents the whole of India, one of the most diverse countries in the world?" 

Yet you have absolutely no problem generalizing the entire nation into having the view that girls are worthless. Newsflash: There are people in America that think women are worthless. There are (many) people in China that think women are worthless. There are people in, oh, let's say Brazil, that think women are worthless. I've been to the most rural parts of India (very recently), spent time with daughters, mothers, and grandmothers, and can say that while economic opportunity is lacking (for all people, though especially for women, I'll give you that), women are generally not treated as lesser individuals. The fact is, rural Indian women rarely desire economic advancement, preferring to be housewives.  

Indian cities, as you know, have come miles since the article you posted. Its statistics are from the early 90's, ignoring the work of the [National Commission for Women](http://ncw.nic.in/highlights.htm). A young girl in an Indian city can do whatever she wants. I also recently visited an Indian college, and it was almost exactly like the American university I currently attend. 

So I'll rephrase my statement into a question: Where the fuck do you come off, implying that India the nation (as opposed to some Indian farmers) has a culturally myopic view of girls as worthless?
So you are an American who has very little experience living/visiting India, and are basing your general perception of women in India on its urbanites?  Or worse, based on your relatives and the social elite?  Are you aware that as of 2005, India's population was only 28.7% urban?  Any discussion of gender roles and treatment in India has to take into account the impoverished and lrgely backward rural population.

I am willing to discuss the nuances of India's treatment of women and the urban/rural divide.  But not with someone who intrudes on discussions with insults and poor arguments.  Feel free to respond if you can manage to restrain yourself.  I don't feel like getting caught up in another pointless flame war with an ethnic Indian.
&gt;So you are an American who has very little experience living/visiting India, and are basing your general perception of women in India on its urbanites? Or worse, based on your relatives and the social elite?

Did you read anything I wrote? I used to live in India. I have spent substantial amounts of time in all parts of India, urban and rural. I have relatives that live in both. 

Further, my point was not that India does not have a gender problem. I think I acknowledged that several times. I am not interested in having a discussion of Indian gender roles, because I know (better than you do) what they are like. I'll copy/paste my question again, because I really get the feeling that you didn't read it the first time: "Where the fuck do you come off, implying that India the nation (as opposed to some Indian farmers) has a culturally myopic view of girls as worthless?" 

&gt;I don't feel like getting caught up in another pointless flame war with an ethnic Indian.

I can only read this as racist. Would you feel like getting in a flame war with a European, or Caucasian-American, or Chinese-American? So, I'm done here.
Well, since it is the dollar that is also loosing its value, its quite the opposite of proportional.
now where is the guy who has % of what actually was produced elsewhere(china?) and what in teh US???
Yet our fuel still costs less than Europe's, we pay less for food, etc. etc. I still don't see how it's changed us that much.
&gt;Did you read anything I wrote?

Your first response was very brief on details, I had to make assumptions based on what few clues you left.  The second response started with "First of all, moron", so I did not pay it much attention.  Thats the beauty of the internets:  I don't have to involve myself with every little flame-bait that comes along.

&gt;I can only read this as racist. Would you feel like getting in a flame war with a European, or Caucasian-American, or Chinese-American? So, I'm done here.

Based on unfortunate personal experience in one of the [worst](http://forum.atimes.com/forum.asp?FORUM_ID=4) forums I have ever been to.  Note that I did not make anyu racist assertion.  My statement merely indicates that I have been involved in too many pointless flame wars with Indians.

&gt;"Where the fuck do you come off, implying that India the nation (as opposed to some Indian farmers) has a culturally myopic view of girls as worthless?"

I am not implying, I am stating.  My opinions are based on what info I have gathered through years of casual reading on Indian affairs.  If you don't like those opinions, then counter them with fact and reason.  Stating that you simply know better is a poor argument, and does not fare well against the written word of Indian authors (including women) that discuss the real gender inequality in much of India.

&gt;(as opposed to some Indian farmers)

A very large group, since a sizeable portion of India is still underdeveloped.  The 2000 census shows that [55%](http://www.thesouthasian.org/archives/2005/where_are_50_million_farmers.html) of India's population was farming.  The actions of this large portion of India does, and should, contribute to India's reputation.

&gt;I am not interested in having a discussion of Indian gender roles

If that is the case then kindly stop wasting both of our time.
Of the 3, Russia has the best chance of attaining superpower status, though not in the next few years. China and India are still 3rd world nations, despite the miniscule elite in each country that are currently able to compete.
I'd reccomend a bit of traveling. See what I'm talking about.
Lol, I **live** in China, you giant schmuck. ;p

&gt;China and India are still 3rd world nations

There are very few areas left in China that could be described as "3rd World", most of China's interior could be labeled "developing" (still considerably above 3rd World standards) while the coastal regions are "developed".

China's urban population is now 577 million, larger than the entire population of the US or the EU.  That figure, as well as China's industrial productivity, is still growing.

&gt;Russia has the best chance of attaining superpower status

Russia has successfully trgained its position as a leading world power, and will likely be cementing it for the next decade.  I doubt they will be able to muster the strength for superpower status though.  The population and industrial output will not be able to keep pace with China. And likely India as well.

India will lage behind China and Russia for a while, at least.  The potential is there, but the political will is fractured and incoherent.  Market forces have been leading the politicians in India, where in China the government shaped market forces to its favour.
Thanks for your kind comments.
I think you misunderstand, I am not European, I am a Canuck and I live in the States.
The cultures of Europe do not limit them selves to cheese.  Europe oozes culture at every pore.  If you name 20 Block buster movies, many will be remade European flicks.  Few in the US will see the originals, but because they don't cross your shores does not mean that they are non-existent.  They are often *original* and excellent.  Culture is not what sells the most copies, but the trashy always sells.  Not saying every block buster is trash.  I saw iron man and it was well done.  (get off my lawn, I know...)

Now the US set up the Europeans to fail in Iran.  If you've asked the Europeans to negotiate with Iran, then freezing her assets, financing terrorist Kurdish separatists and putting military bases in every country around her borders (along with three air craft carrier groups) is not the path to success.  This was by design.  The Europeans can not deliver the security that the Iranians want.  They have no cards because America will likely bomb them anyway.

While Yugoslavia was a disaster and the Europeans did not step up; they also did not have the technical ability to work alongside the American military.  Canadian fighters barely did, but we just bought them then.  

Regarding Africa, it was Clinton that put the kabosh on any UN intervention in Rwanda.  A Canadian was in charge of the lightly armed and undermanned UN mission there and he begged his contacts in the UN to do something.  
Now every country has her warts.  Europeans, imho however, can be very proud of their accomplishments.  They've built their frameworks had many years of peace and prosperity.  It is now a huge economic powerhouse: you drive right on through their borders without stopping.  You fly, train, boat from country to country with few hindrances to movement or business.  And their young do exactly that.  Try that in North America--the US *used* to be a place where one can do business.  Now foreigners wipe their laptops before coming here.
On a trip to the US, there was an English woman who made the mistake of using her cell phone in the back room of USCIS at Miami's (hell hole) airport.  She was enroute to Montreal and her boss was waiting outside for her.  Naturally she was frustrated.  The staff didn't try to calm her down, they demanded her cell and she refused.  The took her away.  To a cell, probably.  They stamped everyone's passports Feb 30th.  

The US economy, while resilient is no match for this.

Summary:
I used to live in India.
no you dont, nuke russia and russia nukes you.
I still don't see how it's changed us that much.
And likely India as well.
You think America was bad...
But I don't consider the U.S. a developing country.
There are (many) people in China that think women are worthless.
I would say that it is going to be over, but it is not over yet.
I have relatives that live in both.
Actually I think China is in a bit of trouble.
The thing is Europeans probably know more about America than most Americans.
The US is a vary large country.
I actually like Finland a lot.
I can understand where those people are coming from.
Everyone thinks america is bad...
The European policies are much more forward thinking.
The economics is the easy part and other countries are getting it right now too.
I live in a very large city in Texas.
America will have to get used to living in a more conservative  way, and that is not a bad thing!
This has been a long time coming.
The US isn't going anywhere for a while.
I am not implying, I am stating.
I think this may be a bit premature.
You are talking about India.
I think a lot of them are going to be VERY uncomfortable knowing that say CHINA is now the worlds super power.
Thankfully for you, we are more likely to be conquered by China than to take over US.
&gt;I live in a very large city 

There you go then.
You think you were being original?
Newsflash: There are people in America that think women are worthless.
The US got economics right, but public policy wrong.
This in no way means the end of America.
I don't think US superpower status is based solely on cheap petro.
that the US might lead in this field.
The end of superpower status need not come in the form of a collapse.
I can only read this as racist.
Military might will only go so far.
Maybe that is is one of the problems with America, people mistake their identity with that of their nation.
I hope they are wrong because we will suffer if they are right.
Do you think your city represents the whole of India, one of the most diverse countries in the world?
If you think that the US is an "evil empire", just wait for the next one.
"The greatest country in the world" is a subjective statement.
Hopefully we can get a game against Russia too.
I thought superpower meant world influence and military might.
The assumption made by most Americans is that we were fighting wars for oil.
The problems the US is currently experiencing may very well be temporary.
If Americans stubbornly believe that the US is "the greatest country in the world," there's no impetus for change.
You're right, though--there could be many nationalistic people in other parts of the U.S.
Frankly I think America is screwed up, but China as a world superpower scares the shit out of me.
I think who needs to give up some of their wealth is the plutocracy.
unfortunately, other countries have their own blind nationalisms.
Whats wrong with Asia Times?
They think American should be cutting down, not them.
So it's not "my government."
The US may be in decline but it is way too soon to declare the they have lost their superpower status.
It's your way of living that is destined to fail (and of course other western countries).
Why on earth would fall of US destroy other people lives in foreign countries?
&gt;I would say that it is going to be over, but it is not over yet.
What I think will be interesting is how the average American will come to grips with the reality that they are no longer the worlds super power.
I don't feel like getting caught up in another pointless flame war with an ethnic Indian.
Have you been to China?
&gt;"Do you think your city represents the whole of India, one of the most diverse countries in the world?"
I don't think $4 a gallon gas is going to be enough to cause it.
There really hasn't been much that's come out of Europe that I, as an American have adopted as part of my cultural identity.
It's better to know this before its too late.
It is the projection of Military power that defines a superpower.
The "nationalists", if you could even call them that, are only a fraction of the population.
The US economy and fiscal position were much stronger in the 70's.
Would you feel like getting in a flame war with a European, or Caucasian-American, or Chinese-American?
The problem isn't our reliance on oil.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.76
