Original Response:
that's the cycle of civilization. Pre WW-I, this was the story of revolution.
Maybe it will be again. 

But the problem is that you need a global revolution to get them all, not just a national revolution.
Meh,

Just give them circus bread...
What is 'capitalism'?
time for anarchy
It is a way, if you have a lot of money, to get more without working.
Growing Anger?

Good - I hope the anger spreads, these fuckers have been getting away with taking everything and giving nothing to the rest of society for too long.

Whats that fact? 99% of society is owned by 1% My figures maybe a little out before someone lovingly corrects me but you get the jist of it....
I was doing a funny
sumptuary laws!!
[deleted]
[deleted]
No it's not.
I prefer the term "anarchism"

"The view that society can and should be organized without a coercive state."
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_materialism
Nixon: "What do you think of the French Revolution?"

Zhou Enlai: "It's too early to tell."
Peaceful nonviolent revolutions are not as thorough as violent revolutions but they last longer and the transition is easier, in most cases, though we had a pretty easy transition in the US. But sometimes there is no alternative but violence.
[deleted]
Capitalism - ur doin it wrong.
Yeah it is kinda. I'm sure no one who would deem ME worthy of ever association with them would be killed. That's for sure.
It more like 50% of global wealth is owned by 167 people. Look it up.
well, duh.

who else do you think is going to run things after our governments go bankrupt? Jesus?
Actually, those with some money often do invest it, and work their ass off to see it multiplied.

Any korean immigrant that saves up $200,000 to own a convenience store... they worked 20 hours a day to get that far. And guess what they do after they got that far?

They work 20 hour days.

Though there is something putrid here that occassionally masquerades as capitalism, not all capitalism is bad. And if you can't make the distinction, you'll end up with something far worse.
Most were "cunning and clever" enough to be born of the right parents.
"Sick of waiting 'round for divine intervention? Take to the streets if you're looking for redemption!" - Black 47
They'll just move off-world... like in Blade Runner.
By that logic, anyone clever enough to kill them is entitled to their wealth.
Scrooge McDuck has no place in my society with all his obscene fortune piles!!!
On the plus side they let us eat all this cake!
It's not a zero sum game.  I'm not in that small population and I'm doing just fine.  So are most of the people I know.  The ones that aren't doing so well is from their own doing from criminal behavior and drug addictions, and laziness.
And without a coercive angry mob pillaging other people's property.

That's why I prefer the term "anarcho-capitalism".
Yeah, because I'm really going to believe the... World Socialist Web Site.

Yeah, guys, just keep overthrowing the bourgeoisie in the name of the proletariat.  Just ignore the fact that if you had had your way in the first place, proletarians wouldn't even have internet access to read your crappy website!
How is there such a thing as a peaceful, nonviolent revolution?  Usually when the government changes peacefully and without violence we call it an "election".
He was assuming natural rights like the right to live and this kind of stuff.
It's so delicious and moist!
[deleted]
"BREAKING: Poor people hate rich people."

I dunno about you, but I smell Pulitzer.
You don't really think that is capitalism, do you? 

I think capitalism is when a Rockefeller is born with billions and advisers help him multiply that money without ever doing a damn thing but interfering in the lives of honest working people across the globe.
They would if they could. Where they will move is Switzerland and Dubai. Or Paraguay.
RICH PEOPLE MAKE POOR PEOPLE MAD!! HULK SMASH!!
Wow. This headline is a grammatical wasteland. Two sentence fragments in passive voice, forming something that resembles a run-on sentence. 

I am dismayed almost as much by this headline as I am by the article's content.
[bang bang
shoot shoot]
When Britain liberalized its political system in Reform Act 1832, got rid of rotten and pocket boroughs, increased the size of electorate (which still only allowed about 1 in five men to vote),etc., it was nonviolent. It wasn't done by a democratic election because so few people could actually vote. It was done to try to prevent something like the American or French revolution from happening in the UK. And it did. 

When Roosevelt, one of the most privileged of the elites, was elected, he made a revolution. He changed things just enough to prevent a violent change like the Russian Revolution. 

Sometimes Fear of Revolution can produce more progress than any actual revolution and without the violence.
When I google "50% of global wealth is owned by 167 people" the first result is "THE GLOBAL CONSPIRACY". Do you have any sane links?
Welcome to capitalism.

Perhaps we should all re-roll communist and subject everyone to filth. This way, no one'll have the right to complain.

It's amazing how retarded the mob mentality is. All these retards have to do is stop voting neocrat and half their financial burdens would disappear.
Well . . . that is actually true isn't it. Some people are genetically clever/strong enough to be able to steal what they want. Other folks are genetically "gifted" it through parents.  

Hmmmm
"I prefer a more advanced way . . . "

Ghandi threw quite an effective revolution :)  There's more than one way to stop the theft of wealth by one class (who can print trillions of dollars thereby devaluing money in savings, pension plans, and causing massive inflation and a subsequent economic crash) from another.
Have you taken a look at the wealth divide in India lately?
__Usually when the government changes peacefully and without violence we call it an "election".__

Yeah, we used to do it that way here in the US.  Looks like some folks have been tinkering with that strategy (80% of all voters use Diebold Machines or a machine created by the founder of Diebold's brother . . . and these machines are so state of the art you can't have a paper trail, and they count backward 16000+ votes sometimes).

So now we have to have another kind of non-violent revolution.  It can be done . . . turns out enough intelligent, irritated people can overthrow a government without bloodshed.  

And God Knows . . . this administration has made it crystal clear that they and their friends are willing and able to screw us all over if we don't pitch their butts right into jail (by way of a nice court room).

Its just taking out the trash.
The revolution will not be televised...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTCQSk2l8bc
Don't forget the circuses... er... reality TV shows!
I hate capitalism.  I think waiters and people who dish out lattes at Starbucks should make as much as doctors and engineers.
EAT THE RICH THAT WILL SOLVE ALL YOUR PROBLEMS!!!!
Its really amazing how few people will just grab a pencil and do the math.

These folks in the white house and their buddies in congress have

waged an illegal war based on lies

given hundreds of billions in government military contracts to their friends

totally hosed the constitution (such that only amendments 2 and 8 haven't been seriously eviscerated)

have broken an insane number of treaties and laws

__They don't work for us__

These folks think we live on their plantation.  We work for them.  We are owned by them. 

Its not capitalism we're talking about. Its slavery. 

All we have to do is start throwing people in jail for breaking laws and treaties.  A quick return to democracy would work just fine.
There used to be a very fine demarcation between the under class and the ruling class. You either were born into a noble family or you were not. In this day and age the lines are not so clear. Every time a new person makes a $billion from his hedge fund, reddit calls for his blood. However, that person was not part of the "ruling class" a year ago. His family probably wasn't. He may yet lose his fortune, and statistics suggest his grandchildren will if he doesn't. 

The fuzzy line between "upper" and "lower" class, with many "middle" class, "middle-upper" class, and "middle-lower" class people in between, may be why revolution is so less common in the modern western world. 

A side note: this comment led to an interesting picture in my mind - a reddit led revolution. "Vote up if you want X to die!", with the top vote-getter going to the guillotine each day. I hope it's not prescient.
No bloody revolution is needed. There is one institution that citizens can still have real influence on: the government. Unlike in pre-revolution France, people in Western countries can affect change through non-violent protesting, spreading information, pushing real candidates (like Gravel or Paul) onto ballots. We've done it before, and we'll do it again.

America's unions need support, too. With more legal union protection and more active organizing in America, union activists all over the world can get a powerful ally and push for better conditions themselves. Think about it--what happens when China's unions are as well organized as Germany's? And when labor is as globalized as capital? Then the real bargaining can begin.

It's up to people organizing, and working hard every day for their rights. I see a lot of heroes already at it, and they've accomplished a lot. Just look at Latin and South America.

The people might just win this. The corporations are more vulnerable than they might seem.
You may not have gotten the joke, read up on Marie Antoinette :)
Actually, we're [seasteading](http://seasteading.org/)
&gt;these fuckers have been getting away with taking everything and giving nothing to the rest of society for too long.

Yeah, human life has gotten so much more miserable over the last hundred years. Longer life expectancy has given us more time to be envious of rich people. Widespread availability of basic food and medicine make us stew on how much better rich people's food and medicine must be. Near universal television and computer access lets us witness and brood on their opulence. Literacy makes us aware of the problems and pleasures of the world, where before we could have been happily ignorant. 

Fuckers. God damn them!
I agree with the headline, but the declining living standards bit is debatable, at least in the third world.
Welcome to all of history!
Outside of a few descendants of nobles, *someone* in the family line got rich by making things people want and selling it to them. I also seem to remember that most fortunes are squandered in a few generations, so the the special someone is a recent relative.
Most doctors and engineers are not members of the "tiny financial elite."  Some hedge fund managers earn [over a billion dollars](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/04/24/business/24hedge.html?ei=5090&amp;en=22f49c03f5ef88eb&amp;ex=1335067200&amp;partner=rssuserland&amp;emc=rss&amp;pagewanted=all) a year.

If the market is accurately valuing the worth of these people, then our priorities are truly fucked up.
I think this is the most important issue of our times.  I wish it was covered more by the media and our presidential candidates.   We are slowly watching this country turn into a two class system and we need to figure out a way to reverse the trend.
So when someone works hard and makes a lot of money, we should take it all from him before he has a chance to make any more by investing in capital goods? How is the first part good but the second part evil?

You do know that the accumulation of capital goods is the reason why our society is the most prosperous in the history of the world, and the first with widespread mass-wealth, right?

I suddenly understand why right-wing pundits sometimes devolve into screaming at leftists and calling them "idiots", "pinheads" and the like.
Thank you, at least someone gets it.
More likely it'll go the other way next time. They'll hole up in their [secret city](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/from_our_own_correspondent/6577129.stm), their [100,000 acre ranches](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2006/oct/23/mainsection.tomphillips) or their [space hotel](http://www.reason.com/blog/show/121985.html) and then exterminate the rest of us. Did you honestly think they'd give up their status to  make the other 6 billion of us happy?
angry about what?  someone having more then you/me?  that's rather juvenile isn't it?
I predicted as soon as I saw this in my RSS feed which subreddit it was in, and what do you know?  I was right.

worldnews is a cesspool
People don't make a lot of money from working hard. If they did my parents would have been rich. They make a lot of money by inheriting it, through luck or talent or a certain kind of cleverness. But hard work. No. 

Many people in our society are prosperous because of the struggles of the progressives that came before us to wrest some of the wealth they created from the hands of the powerful. If not for them there would be a very few rich people and the rest of us would be dirt poor.
Zhou Enlai was quite an amazing individual, perhaps one of the best of his generation and certainly one of the best assets of the CCP. He managed to strike an interesting balance between the Communist revolutionary and Imperial-age court diplomat.
[deleted]
except we can't eat our cake and have it too
online media makes all it's money from pumping people full of fear, worse than the traditional media berated upon by micheal moore in bowling for columbine.
get this socialist bullshit off of reddit. down voted.
Ah yes. Just don't don't rock the boat, and you too could be a billionaire one day. So let's hear it for the billionaires! The American dream. "You have to be asleep to believe it."

I suppose as long as it keeps the dirt at the bottom from periodically killing off the dirt at the top, it's all good.
If thats what you think, then you are a fucking idiot.
When societies collapse the wealthy are eaten first. From Easter Island to the Nazca and the Maya. When civilizations collapse they don't escape. That is the only consolation. They will not escape when their evil deeds bring down our society.
You know, articles usually come across more forcefully if they're not blatantly biased.
Fucking impoverished whiners.
Ya got their names? 

We should memorize them.
Breaking: World Socialist Web Site (wsws.org) predicts impending Marxist revolution. Capitalists quake in their boots.
You sir, win one internets.
You may not have gotten the joke, go play Portal :)

(The cake is a lie is implied.)
Take 'em out with smart bombs.
Anything that has gotten better has nothing to do with the global elites. If anything they have retarded progress. 

Only left wing political movements, scientific discoveries and technological innovations have made things better for most of the people on earth.
Correct. There may be a certain amount of corruption about that needs to be addressed, but it is nothing new and certainly not anywhere near as severe as everyone here seems to want to think. What do you guys want? Uncle Sam to take everything away from these 'elite few' and run everything and everyone under them? I'm sure that would make everyone's day. 

Really, the great thing about this country is that believe it or not, anyone can still go from rags to riches. Stop whining about everyone who's made it and go out there and find a way for yourself.
You sir win 10 million internets.
Most rich people are rich because someone in the family was good at stealing from those who were weaker, stealing through violence or through cunning.
Who cares. pfft.

   So guys, did you see last night's American Idol it was awesome!
Interesting. 

&gt;Historical materialism looks for the causes of developments and changes in human societies in the way in which humans collectively make the means to live, thus giving an emphasis, through economic analysis, to everything that co-exists with the economic base of society (e.g. social classes, political structures, ideologies). The fundamental proposition of historical materialism is premised in the following materialist conception:

&gt;"It is not the consciousness of men that determines their existence, but their social existence that determines their consciousness.

Actually that sounds a lot like ecology.
&gt;...a warning that the financial oligarchy must save itself by curbing its excesses. “By recognizing that there are public interests to which they must respond, the financial superclass can stall the fate of previous elites,” he wrote. “To succeed at that they must shun their arrogant ‘leave-it-to-the-market’ explanations for the inequality they have helped foster.”

I predict that this will not happen. It's not just that the rich are arrogant, with a sense of entitlement. It's also that palying more taxes or accepting a much lower paycheque (eg: 10M rather than 100M) goes against their moral principles, their very values.
Luke 6:24   But woe unto you that are rich! for ye have received your consolation.
[deleted]
/s

   I think it's obvious but just in case..
if you enjoy meaningless trivia as much as I do...

&gt;...the quote actually comes from the philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau, who commented that a "certain princess" said it, the supposed princess being Louis XIV's queen, Maria Theresa of Spain. Maria Theresa's quote was, "S'il ait aucun pain, donnez-leur la croûte au loin du pâté", which roughly translates to, "If there be no bread, give them the crust off of the pâté". Though this claim concerning the Spanish princess is also backed up by the comte de Provence, it is unknown if she, or any other French queen, actually ever said it.

[and stuff](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marie_Antoinette)
[deleted]
I'm saying they are in a position of such power and control such powerful weapons that they could *choose* to bring down society (*completely* down, as in most everyone else is *dead*) if the moment was right and they felt like doing it. Start a nuclear war and wait for the dust to settle. No retribution from the hoi polloi when they're all dead.
i laughed
yeah that pretty much sums it up. Im pissed off.
A nuclear war would kill them too. Even the aftermath. Some people believe what they are trying very hard to find is a pathogen that will kill most people and which they can be vaccinated against.
the thing that's really fucked up is this notion that someone's importance/worth/etc is directly related to their income. correct me if i'm wrong, but the people who get paid the most money...are almost always working in industries where the money is.

slightly OT, but this is why i don't understand the uproar over athlete's salaries. they don't save lives or fight crime, but they work in a multi billion dollar business, and there's only a few hundred of them employed at any given time. personally, industries like that seem a lot more reasonable than companies where the CEO makes 400x as much as their code monkey employees.
I don't think a nuclear war necessarily would kill them if they were well-prepared and chose their hideouts wisely. Diseases would work, as well as artificially intelligent robots, should we get them. I'm sure there are plenty of other ways it could be done.

Note- I'm not saying this is likely to happen, but just that there's a tiny chance that it could; especially if things got bad enough...
I know- it's fucking tiring to hear the old left whine about their old dreams of revolution.  The truth is that most people have a pretty sweet deal- comfort, security and freedom.  Maybe they don't jet-set around or hobnob with the stars, but they probably don't give a shit anyways.
Time to eat the rich.
Concur.
Luke 6:25 *Woe to you that are full now, for you shall hunger. Woe to you that laugh now, for you shall mourn and weep.*

I too can quote puzzling scriptures. I can also quote some that make sense too.

Luke 6:37 *Judge not, and you will not be judged; condemn not, and you will not be condemned; forgive and you will be forgiven*

Sounds like Jesus has some problems with those such as the World Socialist Website, and alllie, who judge and condemn those who create prosperity and jobs and who get rich in the process.
Rich people got rich and get richer by "Maximizing Profits" and "Minimizing Expenses". In other words by, over-charging for their work or product and under-paying their suppliers and employees.  In an ideal world this would be illegal but instead we choose to call it Capitalism.  Here in Washington State for example, we do not have a State Income Tax, instead we have a series of sales and use taxes. The system is so bad that people who make $1 Million per year pay about 7% per year in state taxes but people who make under $20,000 will pay about 17% of their income to state taxes. Now, it is easy to see that the Millionaires are paying a lot more in taxes per year than poor people are but it is still easy to see how unfair it is. 

In the US there are more than 7.5 Million people in the US making 1,000,000 or more per year and about 3.5 Million Homeless. If the rich were taxed a mere 1% more than they are now, every homeless person could have shelter and 3 meals a day.

If I had my way everyone would be paying a flat rate tax of 15% on everything above 100,000 per year.

But, that is never going to happen so, "The rich get richer and the poor get poorer."
[deleted]
Depends. Fine, that's not capitalism. But that's also the *thing without good label* that most pro-capitalists are trying to defend when they defend capitalism.

Some might see Rockefeller as the unavoidable side effect of good capitalism, but none of them really like it. If we could figure out a way to have one without the other, you'd get no argument from me. (Or likely, even some of the more rabid defenders...)
In other news, war broke out last month with the assissination of Archduke Ferdinand.  But never fear, as I predict it to be over by Christmas.
__"I hold that a little revolution now and then is a good thing"__

Didn't Jefferson say that?

I think they may currently be less enslaved, en masse, in their own country, by a bunch of obnoxious english men than they were before Ghandi threw a revolution.

They just need another revolution to sort out today's domestic issues.
All of human history described in a single reddit headline.
Is this a paraphrase of Marx?
OK . . . the election thing, she no work.

Even without the ballot issues, and the folks that screw and move polling places, and taking people off the voter rolls right before a vote . . . there's the whole thing about most of the candidates being supported by rich folks who will only help them get elected if they support the rich people's interests.

We need publically funded elections, a constitution, open source code for voting machines, and long (long, long) prison terms for folks who screw up elections or allow others to screw them up.

I don't think we need a violent revolution, but just voting for the "canidates we have been issued" is what got us here. More of the same won't fix the problem.
__Really the great thing about this country is that you can get a government job (like President) and literally rob people blind, murder people and make your friends really rich . . . __

and have people tell the folks who are really starting to hate you that they should stop whining :)
[deleted]
it would.
Bush and his Junta had nothing to do with increasing life expectancy, wealth, etc.

This _particular_ bunch of rich people are "fuckers" in the classic sense of the term.

Do the math :)
I am __not__ the old left.  I'm not even the new left.  I'm not left at all. I'm actually just like the guys who started the US Revolution.  

I know when someone is trying to screw me over using the government I pay for and I'm not having it.
NO, people stealing stuff because they are greedy.

__Did YOU tell the US Government it was OK to print hundreds of billions for a war you didn't want?  Did you tell them to write hundreds of billions of dollars worth of checks to their friends? Did you tell them it was OK to deregulate both banking and investment banks and to stop regulating corporate paper? __

No.

A bunch of idiot who were supposed to be __public servants__ did that. It was against the law and I don't know why you want to put up with that.
Idiots make smart people mad too :)
I aint mad at the Korean guy.

I'm mad at Blackwater, Halliburton, the folks that run the Federal Reserve, the folks that run the Bush Administration who bought me a war I didn't want or need, the folks who decided to stop regulating banks and the stock market.
There's nothing wrong with the grammar (edit:  although it does stretch the reader's patience).  The style just sucks, that's all.

This is the subject:

    The piling up of obscene fortunes by a tiny financial elite

This describes the subject (piling up):

    while masses of people confront declining living standards, the loss of jobs and growing hunger 

This is the predicate:

    is creating mounting discontent and anger
figure out how to make it in the best interests of rich white folk to vote for those who uphold  liberty against tyranny and this election thing might work for you; I could care less until certain things start happening, and most of those things have little to do with the government; the masses are far more dangerous, and numerous
Read the Forbes 500. Stop reading after 167.
&gt;_Did YOU tell the US Government it was OK to print hundreds of billions for a war you didn't want? Did you tell them to write hundreds of billions of dollars worth of checks to their friends? Did you tell them it was OK to deregulate both banking and investment banks and to stop regulating corporate paper? _

&gt;No.

That's a bit presumptuous of you. I actually did give the Government the go-ahead on those items.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day. It would be nice if the core reality of the headline here were *ever* reflected in the framing of news in the "respectable" US press, but nobody's been allowed to think in such Big Picture terms since the 1950s. The long shadow of anticommunism has fucked up the press in this country at least as much as the concentration of ownership has.
I'm not sure you understand the idea of a representative democracy. If this country were run on pure democracy it would have failed decades ago. Majority rule is typically a very bad thing, hence "The Tyranny of the Majority".
I have a better idea, jubilee
Tell that to those who have immeasurably increased their QOL standards in developing countries due to open trade barriers and global elites utilizing their labor.
any system that focuses any attention to working and jobs can go fuck itself into oblivion
Haha. Observe the mob mentality as I'm down voted and you're up voted. It must be due to your usage of boldness.

Neocrat = Neocon + Democrat, I figured this "math" would be obvious.

It is not slavery. Our citizens CONTINUE voting for the worst possible candidates. What form of slavery is self propagating? Do the "fucking" math with your pencil kthx.


"All we have to do is start throwing people in jail for breaking laws and treaties. A quick return to democracy would work just fine." -&gt; lol


Quit wasting my time and vote libertarian 2012.
What if the clocks' arms fell off?
That's nowhere near as exciting as fire and blood, but probably more productive.

 "Don't mourn, organize."
  - Joe Hill
This is a joke right?
Yeah, cause using the work 'conspiracy' instantly makes you a nut...Try looking up the meaning of the word. People conspire to do things all the time. We are selfish in our nature. How is it so hard to believe that some in this world would conspire together for their own success, and the cost of anyone outside of their conspiracy?
"Think about it--what happens when China's unions are as well organized as Germany's?"

Everything will get really fucking expensive.
It's capitalism. Free trade even. See, one guy has what the other guy wants and they trade. Rich guy needs expertise to make more money, guy with expertise wants to get paid (more than he could otherwise or he would not do it) and therefore both parties are happier.
So we should not be allowed to pass wealth onto our children? Who should inherit our wealth after we die? The government? fuck that.
Well then perhaps they should get their shit together and start doing something to increase their own wealth.

I am _so_ pissed when I read news like that - people your life is your own god damn responsibility. Stop pretending you are in 4th grade and get your shit together.
I agree, sales tax is just about the most regressive tax ever devised.  Just sad.
I don't want to be a billionaire necessarily. I just want the opportunity to make something unique out of my life, and hopefully worthwhile. A free society gives me a better opportunity than any of the old aristocratic ones or any of the modern stagnant welfare nanny states. 

I just want the freedom to create, really, and keep what's mine. When I'm finished, I think the world will be better off for it. I know I'm better off for the life work of other free men.
I can't think of a single wealthy thief-family (again, excluding the descendants of aristocrats), and though I'm sure there are some I doubt they are in the majority. 

Say what you will about Paris Hilton, her grandfather made something people wanted, and we're all better off for having cheap and plentiful hotel chains.
Sureley comma you mean something else question mark
&gt; However, that person was not part of the "ruling class" a year ago. His family probably wasn't. 

Do you have any data to back this up? My experience of these people (admittedly limited) is that they mostly come from affluent or extremely affluent backgrounds. Its not what you know...
&gt;Only left wing political movements, scientific discoveries and technological innovations have made things better for most of the people on earth

You know, people really underestimate the complexity of society. For every big, tough problem that is solved by some technological breakthrough, a million tiny ones are solved by businessmen. They may not require a lot of high science, but each day millions of people are figuring out how to manufacture the food, clothing, shelter, medicine, and conveniences you use and bring them to your door or bring you to their goods. Each time one of these tiny problems is solved, that's progress. That's time that you don't have to spend thinking about solving your own problems and can use to other purposes (like being an ignorant ass on the web). 

Sure, the solutions to big problems are sexy and flashy and important, and they do a lot of good. But so do the solutions to the small marginal problems that creep up every day. Society is immense, vaster than you can ever imagine. All those businessmen and workers who are figuring out how to make something a slight bit cheaper, use a slight bit less resources, overcome each new obstacle - not big ones, mind you, but even things as mundane as a local rainstorm interfering with the delivery of eggs to your supermarket - all of them are making the world a slightly better place each and every day. It might be mundane, it might not be sexy, but not every man is Einstein.

And you know what: some people solve these little petty problems for a million other people. They save a million people ten seconds of time or a little bit of pain or frustration or let them keep a dollar extra in their pocket. By doing so, some of the problem solvers get rich. They pass into the realm of your "global elite" and now you hate them, because they made the world a better place and had the gall to better themselves in the process. 

Some nights I just want to get every leftist in the world together in a room and tell them all to go fuck themselves all at once.
I only know one really rich person myself. His parents were fairly well-off, but not millionaires. He was able to go to good schools, but he built his business and his fortune himself. 

Wish I had some statistics for you, but I don't. We both have Google (now *there's* some global elites for you!). My feeling is that ability and intelligence are becoming more and more important in accumulating wealth in society. Automation has lowered barriers to entry, so the wealth you start life with is less important than it use to be. And since we live in the richest society in the history of the globe, capital is more plentiful and it is easier for a smart guy to get an investment than at any time in the past.
Thank you SO MUCH.  I've always wanted to win multiple Internets.

So first of all, I'd like to thank my parents.  Actually, not my asshole father.  My bossy mom was OK, though.  Oh, and I *have* to thank Jesus.  I'm Jewish, but there's a rule that every one of these damned acceptance speeches must thank Jesus.

Anyway, please get Pat Robertson to get the gun away from my lower back.  I already mentioned Jesus.

Thank you.
&gt; They'll hole up in their secret city, their 100,000 acre 
&gt; ranches or their space hotel and then *starve*.

There.
Well, actually, working is a perfectly good way to obtain things like, you know, clothes, housing, food and so on.
Yeah, we probably have it better than humans ever have, but it's still pretty sucky. There just isn't enough "success" to go around. The ruling class is a tiny and mostly hereditary clique. Everyone else ends up working for the bank.
i see no reason why, in the not too distant future, a space hotel couldn't be a self-sustaining space colony -sustaining perhaps several thousand people for years at a safe distance from the fallout and with its' own pristine atmosphere. a nuclear-powered bunker built inside a mountain could provide indoor-grown food and fallout shelter for thousands. it's still taking a big gamble that it will make the world inhabitable for perhaps a few decades before nature restores the balance, vs setting off a catastrophic, irreversible change. either way, we should be able to make self-sustaining systems of our own.
&gt; 50% of global wealth is owned by 167 people

So you don't have a reputable source for this assertion?
The problem i would like to see solved:

How do you increase production without causing people to lose jobs, thus increasing competition on the job market for a diminishing amount of available employment that pays enough so people can *afford* the "ten seconds of time or a little bit of pain or frustration"?

As it is, the owners slice off a generous cut of the capital saved by increased productivity and the employees end up doing more work for less money that has less purchasing power.
Start with researching Prescott Bush.
The answer is communism. See how good it worked in the former soviet union. Now that was paradise. Standing an hour in line for a loaf of bread is not as bad as it sounds.
"really fucking expensive"

Not sure about that. Corporations won't be able to play out different labor forces against each other. That will mos def lower profits and increase wages (approach equilibrium price of labor), also in real terms.
I agree. And they make the laws to benefit them. One of the things that must finish in all areas is subsiding and exemption of paying taxes under certain conditions. This because these guys manipulate their contability to fit on those conditions. For example: deductible IRS from charity. Everyone should pay taxes at the same proportion. If you tax, lets say 10% from everyone, no exeptions, people and companies, you will be fair.

Just to give you an example, a few years ago I worked for one of the largest broadcast network televisions around (I will not tell their name). The responsable for the accounting department, a friend of mine, told me that at that year the company would pay less than 600 dollars of IRS, after all the deductions they are entitled. 600 dollars a company with a gross profit of 2 billion dollars ???????? Yes, and he told me they had already margin to manipulate to make it zero, but they were not willing to force their luck. At the same year I paid 2,000 bucks of IRS.

Everyone should pay IRS at the same rate and all the other taxes should end. The percentage should be calculated to a fair and everybody should pay.
A nuclear war would destroy enough life, cause a nuclear winter so when they came out of their hideyholes then they would die. And when they came up their money and power would be worthless without us to wait on them and lord over. 

But a disease that took out 75% of us. That they want. Prince Phillip has said he would like to be such a virus. "In the event that I am reincarnated, I would like to return as a deadly virus, in order to contribute something to solve overpopulation.
"
There is nothing puzzling about what I quoted. It was pretty clear.
A couple of years ago Forbes stopped including a lot of names on their list. Now it is mostly public people, not people who try to hide their wealthy and power.
Right, like all those lucky slaves who got their labor utilized thanks to the global elites.
Within limits we should. But no one should be allowed to get hundreds of millions or billions unearned.
heh well I know how to grow cotton, flax, etc and how to skin animals to make hides (smelly gross process), besides, stealing works very well thank you :P
Lynch the rich, then eat them.  No point wasting food.
I won't deny that there are many people who do a lot better than their parents, but consider [this](http://www.lse.ac.uk/collections/pressAndInformationOffice/newsAndEvents/archives/2005/LSE_SuttonTrust_report.htm)

&gt;     * In a comparison of eight European and North American countries, Britain and the United States have the lowest social mobility
&gt;     * Social mobility in Britain has declined whereas in the US it is stable
&gt;     * Part of the reason for Britain's decline has been that the better off have benefited disproportionately from increased educational opportunity

The thing is, there is a lot of power in the myth that you can get rich by working harder and smarter. But reality seems to disagree with the myth. Its easy to find the outliers, because they are held up as "proof" that it can be done. But you never see the counter-evidence - what happened to everyone else in Bill Gates's highschool or university classes?

Summary:
So are most of the people I know.
Its not what you know...
People don't make a lot of money from working hard.
It is a way, if you have a lot of money, to get more without working.
I only know one really rich person myself.
the election thing, she no work.
I'm sure that would make everyone's day.
You don't really think that is capitalism, do you?
I'm actually just like the guys who started the US Revolution.
If they did my parents would have been rich.
It's up to people organizing, and working hard every day for their rights.
They would if they could.
People conspire to do things all the time.
When I'm finished, I think the world will be better off for it.
I know I'm better off for the life work of other free men.
The people might just win this.
Time to eat the rich.
I think this is the most important issue of our times.
It was against the law and I don't know why you want to put up with that.
If thats what you think, then you are a fucking idiot.
It more like 50% of global wealth is owned by 167 people.
RICH PEOPLE MAKE POOR PEOPLE MAD!!
I'm not left at all.
I can also quote some that make sense too.
What do you guys want?
I don't think we need a violent revolution, but just voting for the "canidates we have been issued" is what got us here.
And when labor is as globalized as capital?
I don't want to be a billionaire necessarily.
I am __not__ the old left.
__

and have people tell the folks who are really starting to hate you that they should stop whining :)
Everything will get really fucking expensive.
It wasn't done by a democratic election because so few people could actually vote.
Idiots make smart people mad too :)
I'm sure there are plenty of other ways it could be done.
__Did YOU tell the US Government it was OK to print hundreds of billions for a war you didn't want?
Thank you, at least someone gets it.
EAT THE RICH THAT WILL SOLVE ALL YOUR PROBLEMS!!!
There is nothing puzzling about what I quoted.
A nuclear war would kill them too.
But no one should be allowed to get hundreds of millions or billions unearned.
How is there such a thing as a peaceful, nonviolent revolution?
Some nights I just want to get every leftist in the world together in a room and tell them all to go fuck themselves all at once.
Well then perhaps they should get their shit together and start doing something to increase their own wealth.
__Usually when the government changes peacefully and without violence we call it an "election".__

Yeah, we used to do it that way here in the US.
I'm not even the new left.
See, one guy has what the other guy wants and they trade.
/s

   I think it's obvious but just in case..
Everyone else ends up working for the bank.
&gt;_Did YOU tell the US Government it was OK to print hundreds of billions for a war you didn't want?
And they make the laws to benefit them.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.43
