Original Response:
[deleted]
He is truly right, all those that says that he shouldnt take a stand in the elections, i say US shouldnt believe thats the leader of the world. If you have an super interventionism world policies, SHUT UP!
Hilldawg is just another brick in the wall
"Bring the boys back home!"
[deleted]
Hillary would blow the CEO of Exxon for $50.  She's a whore.
Obama voted FOR the war, what the fuck is wrong with everybody?  He plans on staying for a while, it's all BS.  Get your heads out of your   pale white asses.
Tell him I will vote for Obama 1000 times if he would get Floyd back together for a world tour, with at least 2 dates in Chicago.

ETA - Ironic since Obama will sweep IL no matter what.
wat
RIP.
He has *game* though. That 3-on-3 video was siiiick.
When did he vote for the war?

He was not even in congress when we went to war.

Read a fucking book you moron.
That should be the main Obama policy towards UK
Some info on the news on this:
Roger Waters show flying pig with "Obama" grafitti in California concert [with pics, see video in comments] 
http://reddit.com/info/6heb8/comments/

Here is the Video! 1:54 you can see the bottom of the pig...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1h_YEpKyWc

And here is the search in youtube for the videos of this day...

http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=roger+waters+coachella&amp;search_type=

Read the impact of this here in googlenews... http://news.google.com.ar/news?ned=us&amp;hl=en&amp;ned=us&amp;q=roger+waters+obama

Pink Floyd's Roger Waters: 'Hillary Clinton will invade Iran'

NME.com, UK - Apr 11, 2008 Waters pledged his support for her rival in the race to be the Democrat nominee for the next Presidential election. "I'm a huge fan of Barack Obama," http://www.nme.com/news/pink-floyd/35842

Pink Floyd star gives support to Obama

Digital Spy, UK - 2 hours ago By Alex Fletcher, Entertainment Reporter Former Pink Floyd star Roger Waters has offered his support to US presidential candidate Barack Obama at the ... http://www.digitalspy.co.uk/music/a94787/pink-floyd-star-gives-support-to-obama.html

GO ROGER! I saw the concert here in Buenos Aires it was the best in my life!
he has voted to fund the war, but he wasn't even a senator until after we had gone in.
Can he even vote for anyone?
He continues to vote for Iraq war funding.
Honestly, I'm a HUGE Floyd fan, and I like Obama too, but why should I care who Roger Waters is voting for???
maybe you mean he is voting to support the troops, you dont want all the corporate media saying that he does not support them... he is not that stupid. and he IS against the war.
The halo effect is depressing.
Whoops, sorry, I'd completely forgotten that Syd had died -- not the sort of bad joke I'd intended to make. Will delete. Thanks for the reminder....
yeah I clicked it just to make sure there wasn't someone else name Roger Waters who commands respect for his understanding of politics not music.
He cannot vote in the US election.
I'm canadian...I can't vote for Obama, but I'll tell you this: If Roger fucking Waters supports Obama, then I'm sure as hell gonna root for him. SHINE ON YOU CRAZY DIAMOND!
I thought you were being sarcastic...
If Bush didn't make abortion illegal and invade Iran, I think people can lay off some of this fear-mongering.
Roger knows more than 98% of Americans regarding US Politics.
Well, I was, but in the "It would be cool to hear what the PF member who fried his brain permanently on drugs" thought about the election (compared to Water's relatively insight-less comments, even though I'm an Obama fan, too.), not in the "I wonder what sadly-dead-before-his-time PF member though about the election" sense.

Then I realized the "sadly" aspect applied in the first case too, so I felt guilty and deleted it. This may be the first time that a reddit comment thread triggered an actual pang of conscience...
"Bush: Not that bad!"
"And then in the trees, I heard a twig snap.

Warning lights flashed on my map.

I opened my eyes, and to my surprise:

There were arabs with knives at the foot of the bed!"
[deleted]
Heh.. if Clinton get's elected Waters will write a new album... sweet.
The award for 'Most Irrelevant Endorsement' goes to...
I am not a rich person. I have never paid more than 60-75$ for a concert ticket. If Floyd ever reunited... and they wont... but if they did, I would pay 10,000$ for a ticket.

I know it would be an unforgettable, life-altering experience.

Pink Floyd is the greatest band in music history and noone else comes close.
Although I disagree with his politics, his band Pinkoshitbag fucking rocks!
[O rly?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iraq_War_De-Escalation_Act_of_2007)
[deleted]
&gt;Hillary would blow the CEO of Exxon for $50.

Not Hill! Not for a penny less than $5,000,000!
No, after destroying Posse Comitatus, Habeus Corpus, the economy, Iraq, New Orleans, and any standing and respect we had in the world, I think we should be happy he didn't do those unthinkable things.
THE BASTARD! How dare he feed, clothe and arm those poor soldiers Bush sent over there and as commander in chief only he can order back!
Voting for the troops is still supporting the war.  If the troops don't get paychecks they won't fight.
Roger Waters??? HMMM Roger Waters(thinking, thinking I know this guy from some where) was he the guy in a band called Pink Floyd??? Yeah that the guy, BIG FRICK WHOOP a has-been every since he was kicked out of Floyd.
Oh, and I thought that was going to be challenging until I saw you are in Chicago.
I think he cleared that hurdle. He is now officially... Worst. POTUS. Evar.
It's about Time those Pigs Bring the Boys Back Home. We Wish they Were Here, and the day the war is over and our soldiers are back In the Flesh will be one of The Happiest Days of our Lives, and A Great Day for Freedom.
Lets remember...

Barack Obama has now joined John Edwards in slamming Hillary for her vote for the Kyl-Lieberman amendment, which says Iran is responsible for problems in Iraq and designates the Iranian Revolutionary Guard a terrorist organization:
http://tpmelectioncentral.talkingpointsmemo.com/2007/10/obama_attacks_hillary_over_iran_vote_camp_hillary_hits_back.php
STOP THE WAR AGAINST IRAN!
Reason enough to vote for *anyone* but her
get off the soapbox
so do 9 out of 10 cats
Sit up, hold the front page of Reddit, a clapped out rock star has a political comment to make that will sway millions of voters. - fer fucks sake !
wait… or — stop giving them ammo. *Then* they wont fight
Well, that’s clinched it for me
Ah, good... it would have been really disappointing to come to reddit today and not find something entirely inane posted by the Obama-zombies that makes their candidate "so much better than his competition".

Stick to the basics, fools... and say what you really mean to say. You can do it... I'll show you:

"We like Obama because he has a bigger cock than Hillary... We think."

Man... the Obama fanboys are even making ME uncomfortable.
Soo, who would a 'relevant' Endorsement be? Shouldn't everyone make an individual decision on voting, anyway?
If McCain is elected... he'll write a good album.
&gt; *"long-time McCain fan"*

Shoot yourself
Yeah, by a mile!
What I have come to realize is this: a huge Obama fan will say anything to degrade Hillary Clinton.
Dont worry — he was programmed to do that
what he said
Their old stuff was better
Waters left Floyd, and basically dared them to go on without him. When they did, he sued. But there's no doubt that Waters was the man behind the band's best work, such as Dark Side and the Wall.
&gt;If the troops don't get paychecks they won't fight.

And then the whole country goes to hell, and millions of innocent people die.

The US fucked up by going into Iraq, but withdrawing without giving the local government enough time to take control of the country will just fuck things up even more.

It's like when a little kid knocks over a merchandise display in a store.  Would it be better for them to just walk away, or to try to pick up the stuff that they knocked over?  

"I'm sorry, Mommy.  You said not to touch, but I did anyway, and now everything fell down."

"Well, pick it back up."

"But you said not to touch it!"
[deleted]
So lets build huge bases all over the middle east and stay ATLEAST another 5 years.  You sir, are a genius.
oh, so obama has said he wouldn't attack Iran? news to me.
Its IS relevant ... 

"The Dark Side of the Moon spent 741 consecutive weeks (14 years) on the USA-based Billboard 200 album chart, the longest duration of any album in history.[4] It is the fifth highest selling album globally of all time, selling more than forty million units.[5]". 

Waters has huge influence on millons... and probably on thousands of voters in Indiana and NC...
&gt;So lets build huge bases all over the middle east and stay ATLEAST another 5 years. You sir, are a genius.

My, what a lovely straw man you have there.  I never advocated what your comment claims.  What is needed is a phased withdrawal that gives the Iraqi government enough time and training that a handoff of security duty is feasible, and then we can get the hell out of there.  But simply cutting funding and leaving immediately is an overly-simplistic solution that will just make things *worse* in the long run.
Shine on you crazy diamond.
You could respect the political nature *of his music* if you wanted. To trivialize Roger Waters as "just a musician" seems to imply you haven't paid much attention to his lyrics.

Now, I'm not saying you need to care about his endorsement or anything, but to imply that you would have cared (or at the very least, understood why others might) if he had been someone who understands politics, well, almost makes me wonder if *you're* the one talking about a different Roger Waters.

We're talking about the one that wrote "Bring the Boys Back Home" and "Us and Them", among many, many others.
Al Gore
I initially read this as "John Waters" instead of "Roger Waters." For a moment, I had to sit back and wonder when people started to care who the director of Pink Flamingos is endorsing.
He should spit on her.
Ideally, yes. But most people are idiots.
&gt;But I would be terribly afraid they'd go, 'this is that pinkoshitbag who's attacking our President in a time of war'."

Welcome to the machine, Roger.
lame attempt at up votes (but I did so anyway cause the tunes in my head are sweet!)
clapped out??
just so you know.. McCain isn't Bush and so far he doesn't garner a poster instant up votes for an insult

Now if he had sai he was a long time Bush fan.. and you said "shoot yourself" you would be at about 1456 up votes right now.
he was never kicked out, dumb ass prick
I have a ticket.. PM me.
owww.. all that stretching this early in the day can cause permanent damage dude.. slow down!
Sheep (Waters) 10:19


Harmlessly passing your time in the

 grassland away;

Only dimly aware of a certain unease in the air.

You better watch out,

There may be dogs about

I've looked over Jordan, and I have seen

Things are not what they seem.



What do you get for pretending the danger's not real.

Meek and obedient you follow the leader

Down well trodden corridors into the valley of steel.

What a surprise!

A look of terminal shock in your eyes.

Now things are really what they seem.

No, this is no bad dream.



The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want

He makes me down to lie

Through pastures green He leadeth me the silent waters by.

With bright knives He releaseth my soul.

He maketh me to hang on hooks in high places.

He converteth me to lamb cutlets,

For lo, He hath great power, and great hunger.

When cometh the day we lowly ones,

Through quiet reflection, and great dedication

Master the art of karate,

Lo, we shall rise up,

And then we'll make the bugger's eyes water.



Bleating and babbling I fell on his neck with a scream.

Wave upon wave of demented avengers 

March cheerfully out of obscurity into the dream.




Have you heard the news?

The dogs are dead!

You better stay home

And do as you're told.

Get out of the road if you want to grow old.
that proves he is a bitter self absorbed prick with an inflated sense of worth and biased reality
no, thats what makes this funny
do your muscles get tired from towing the line all the time?
He hasn't promised to "obliterate" them with nukes.  Thats good enough for me, at least out of the three viable (if you count Hillary) candidates.

Bad governments are one thing, it is not ok to threaten the innocent people of a country with mass murder because of some crappy politicians.  Think about it here at home, would you like to be punished for what this administration is doing/has done?
How is voting to continue funding the war in Iraq supporting the troops?
I didn't know if he became a citizen like some other celebrities have, But I had thought that he was English all the way.
One of the good arguments to Obama choose Edwards as a VP over Clinton... she is clearly a warmonger... STOP THE WAR AGAINST IRAN!
he lost me at 'fucking'
Gotta admit, so did I.
Yes, they are. But the whole reason for endorsements is that our society now PANDERS to Idiotism.
Upvotes for doing your research.  Please stop.   I get uncomfortable actually liking people I find on the internet.
I heard if you dub out the sound of the Pennsylvania debate with *The Dark Side of the Moon*, Hillary's plans for invading Iran really become apparent at 12:35.
do words scare you?
This is some astute political analysis. On the same level as "Obama will fucking bomb Pakistan. I'm a huge fan of Clinton."
Not that he isn't bad, but I can think of at least two who were arguably worse.
Seems as good a reason as any.
&gt;Indiana

How's Larry Bird voting?
And Obama will bomb Pakistan.
Yeah people are douchey here sometimes. We love to run around patting ourselves on the dick about how smart and open we are on the internet, but there are narrow strains of thought that exist here. Acceptable opinions, and the like. 

Still, we are better than the MSM, but we ain't some utopian knowledge center.
no but i stop reading when people use swear words rather than explain their opinion in detail. if i wanted an opinion with 'fucking' and exclamation points i would read the youtube comments under the political videos.
Yeah, but how do we know there won't be some sort of false-flag/over blown Tonkin style shit that draws Obama in? Does he have the gall to avoid war then?
the details are all there

so why do words scare you?

and what's wrong with the word 'fucking', seems pretty descriptive too me
Somebody just needs to ask him the question. When asked about Pakistan, Clinton and Obama took pretty much the same position: Attack. There is no reason to suspect they would diverge in anyway on Iran either.
Obama has decried the 2002 Noble Peace Prize winner for holding peace talks with Hamas. Obama is just as much of a war-monger as the next guy.
I was at Coachella last night and it was awesome. This really caught everyone by surprise just like the random airplanes that dropped confetti. Some people were actually creeped out by this political spectacle. There was a mood that something was going to happen then and there.
This is for the people that weren't swayed by the slogan for "change".
from obama's website: 
"He will keep some troops in Iraq to protect our embassy and diplomats; if al Qaeda attempts to build a base within Iraq, he will keep troops in Iraq or elsewhere in the region to carry out targeted strikes on al Qaeda."

sorry, thats not good enough for me. stop settling.
So all you read was "Clinton will Fucking"?
Please forgive me if I don't have much sympathy for people who go over there and allow themselves to be used as a pawn for the Bush administration.

Anyway, that aside, if Obama stuck to his guns he wouldn't cave in to the stupid "support the troops" rhetoric.
You just did it yourself.
mmm Jack Bauer could help to stop the war?

Seriusly, i believe Obama is going to search for the real facts if theres some tomkin style operation, he surely dont want an open war with Iran. The problem is if Israel attacks Iran,  and depending if they use the US bases in iraq But Obama wont let them use it if he has the power. If Israel goes solo, well, i hope he will stop them, but it will come the the response  of Iran, if they go into Iraq or not or the kind of retaliation on Israel... The real problem is if AlQaeda makes another 9/11 and is able to source it to Iran, if not, Obama is going full into the tribal areas in Pakistan but could avoid Iran, and catch Osama or Al Zarhiri... 

What Obama has to do fast if he gets to power before the war, is to deal with Isarel to let the palestinians have a state, deal with Hamas to stop the missiles and give UN the power to send peacekeepers... then make peace with Iran and syria... this all can be done only true UN.
Seeing as how there will not be any anti-war candidate any time soon, what would you advise?  Staying out of it and allowing the republicans to maintain power?

Thats a good point though.
Well, I don't truly know how he will be. He's in the CFR, and he's got a speech before them I have to read at some point.
There are several anti-war candidates this time around, but since you hear every media network calling Obama, Hillary and McCain the three "main" candidates, it makes Barack seem like the least militant choice.
If you care what Roger Waters says, it is time to put down the bong.
A brick wall right?
Anyone who votes based solely on the opinions of an aging bass player should, IMO, lose the right.
too true.  I was unfortunately, one of the early Ron Paul supporters, and while I hope he and others can help bring about change in the republican platform, I doubt he will have much impact.
...the one who boils down incredibly complicated issues to trivialities
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/iraq/article3822830.ece

What should we do, do you think?
His expression of political sentiment shouldn't have been that surprising considering they gave Sean Penn two 15 minute sets the same day.  Can't really comment on his set though....i was watching Justice.
[deleted]
[deleted]
smoke weed every day.
Sorry, strange British colloquialism for worn out/ dead beat. Or maybe you are questioning my assertion, in which case I answer - Yes.
Glimmer on you crazy old fruit-bat more like
Considering sales of live shows, there seems to be a lot of clapping still for Mr. Waters.  I will politely not agree with your assertion. :)
Oh no! Don't bomb the terrorists!
Hillary degrades herself enough.
BTW the $ goes in front.
Naturally
Agreed. "Obliterate" is the same sort of idiotic rhetoric as "Bring it On."

It's not productive, and it's utterly worthless when it comes to getting foreign policy goals realized.
Goodbye blue skies?
Wasn't the question basically a setup, though?

"If you had actionable, verified intelligence about Al Qaeda and Pakistan either wouldn't/couldn't act?"

How would you answer that question?
no kidding...I'm actually surprised that this is one of the first threads in a long time showing how many redditors can still see past the fake "anti-war" facade of Obama.  It blows my mind however, that in spite of this major flaw many of the same people are falling all over him like he is the grand solution to it all.  It is pretty sad to see the "well he is still the best of the three" argument promulgated so often on this site.  It shows how most people can talk about alternatives, and real change, but when it comes to acting on it they are just the rest of the mass public.
no one cares what Roger Waters thinks
I'm probably one of the older redditors here at 53. I bought all the Floyd albums first time around, saw them live in '74. Frankly I just find the music pretentious now and I shall stand by my assertion RW is clapped out and furthermore living on past and faded glories. I'm clapped out too. (by the way the expression has no connection with applause, old wheezing car engines are considered clapped out too and they never got applause in the first place.)
Personally, I would have easily answered it by saying that there was never a need to rush in killing people. The lawful government process always has the benefit of time on it's side and will win in the long run. Will this cause some terrorists to fight a bit longer, yes of course, but we maintain national sovereignty in process.

The same argument can be made about our own national laws. It's a question of following the rules or circumventing them for expediency. Torture and privacy is a good example of this, where expediency is argued over human rights.
Senator Hillary Clinton officially endorses Barack Obama.
...who will fucking invade Iran too...
I didn't see any of the Sean Penn sets and Waters went on hours before Justice did.
I see your point, and you make a rational stance, but I would humbly point out that this is politics we're talking about (which, these days, isn't even exchanging post cards with rationality) and no matter the answer, the respondent would be slammed for it.

For example, you could be made to look weak and indecisive for a response like the one above just by your opponent saying "You mean you'd let Osama Bin Laden walk away one more time?"

I maintain it was a loaded question.  Also, *our* national sovereignty was never in jeopardy--just Pakistan's.
I'm glad I'm not the only person who thinks that -- I cringe when I hear stupidly obvious lyrics like "I have become comfortably numb" and "Welcome to the MACHINE!!!!111"
Yeah, I like Floyd as well as the next guy, I but don't give a single fuck what a musician thinks. I also don't give a fuck what Paris Hilton thinks. Celebrity worship is evil.
Yeah, I don't vote the way someone wants me to unless they at least have a double platinum.
There are some of us that constantly post that Obama is a fraud.  Sometimes modded up, sometimes down.  Definitely not a supporter of him or the other AIPAC CFR lackies.  Go Ron Paul.
"Britons kidnapped in Iraq are ‘held by Iran’" Look ate the title, the times ARE certainof this, they even qoute in the title to give impresion of fact... but then if you read....

according to two separate sources in the Middle East and London.

the sources believe.

If confirmed

while there had been rumours that the five were in Iran

The suggestion that the hostages are in Hamadan follows contradictory claims earlier this month that they were in Tehran. 

BLAH BLAH BLAH... they dont have a clue where the soldiers are... with the size of Iraq why the hell would Mahdi or the Guard risk putting Iran into jeopardy? no sense
The point of "Obama" is that he will not only bring real change to US, but he will change the Islamic perspective of US politics and that could make politicians and leaders in countries like Iran, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and even maybe the alqaeda leaders to try do do a real deal, who do you think thats suffering with this war?, islam! but if Obama charachter is seen as the guy to make concesions (they will never see a Woman as this way) maybe even the Israelies could be changed by Barack, and this whole mess could start a de escalation proces and a multiple peace proces, and recognition of Israel and stop the suffering of Palestiniand and the sharing of the holy land. In this perspective, maybe even Osama could do a great move, like letting himslef be caught by Obama and brought into justice, just to be martirisized and make a show of the trial. Both would win. And Osama would have a greater voice in the Islamic world and maybe even tell his people to stop the war. I may be dreaming but anything could happen we believe a black guy named Hussein can get to the White House.

I think Barack could do this. HOPE is a great changer. So say we all.
Didnt you went to his new Dark Side tour? i went here in BsAs and not only the music that came from houndreds of boxes in a 3-d wauy got me high, but the visual display was Amazing and incredible, better than a movie and seemed like real 3-d, the quality is something i will never forget.
Did they expect us to treat them with any respect? 
They can polish their medals and sharpen their smiles, 
and amuse themselves playing games for a while.
Boom boom, bang bang, lie down you're dead
Safe in the permanent gaze of a cold glass eye

With their favourite toys
they'll be good girls and boys
In the fletcher memorial home for colonial
wasters of life and limb
Is everyone in?
Are you having a nice time?
Now the final solution can be applied
It's a good policy but it doesn't go far enough. Without a simultaneous world wide tour by Led Zeppelin I don't know if I can support it.
Oh, ok, great.

Glad you sorted that out for me.
Syd's dead. Kudos to the publishers for using a  photo of the real pink floyd - Syd Barrett era.
He changed millons of people...
yes, in that way I agree it is a loaded question that could be spun either way. It reminds me of the spin associated to the concept of "blowback" causing 9/11 and how how Giulliani used it to make fun of Paul. Its the same criticism being used against jermiah wright currently. Both Paul and Wright are correct (I believe) but that doesn't stop the MSM from spinning it to a negative.
I concur. I remember finding Paul's answer perhaps the most candid and truthful one of the entire debate that night, and yet all other respondents feigned ignorance to make political hay of it. Sad.

(Okay, maybe some of them weren't feigning).

Summary:
I think Barack could do this.
no one cares what Roger Waters thinks.
When did he vote for the war?
Voting for the troops is still supporting the war.
You just did it yourself.
Well, I don't truly know how he will be.
...who will fucking invade Iran too...
I will politely not agree with your assertion.
He continues to vote for Iraq war funding.
And Obama will bomb Pakistan.
I'm a huge fan of Clinton."
What I have come to realize is this: a huge Obama fan will say anything to degrade Hillary Clinton.
How would you answer that question?
He changed millons of people...
How is voting to continue funding the war in Iraq supporting the troops?
So all you read was "Clinton will Fucking"?
and he IS against the war.
He cannot vote in the US election.
Obama voted FOR the war, what the fuck is wrong with everybody?
It's about Time those Pigs Bring the Boys Back Home.
sorry, thats not good enough for me.
But most people are idiots.
Seems as good a reason as any.
If you care what Roger Waters says, it is time to put down the bong.
Thats a good point though.
If the troops don't get paychecks they won't fight.
I maintain it was a loaded question.
He was not even in congress when we went to war.
oh, so obama has said he wouldn't attack Iran?
Reason enough to vote for *anyone* but her.
You could respect the political nature *of his music* if you wanted.
Senator Hillary Clinton officially endorses Barack Obama.
Honestly, I'm a HUGE Floyd fan, and I like Obama too, but why should I care who Roger Waters is voting for??

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.25
