Original Response:
Dogs play practical jokes all the time, especially when they're pissed.
[deleted]
Fly Japan: Because 35,000 feet isn't quite high enough!
the poor guy/gal just gonna happen to be someone who is gonna fly to thailand/singapore/UAE/*insert country with draconian narcotic laws*

good job, Japan. fucking us over with Pokemon and Sailor Moon isn't enough. you just HAD to get us busted on possession too
Free weed, awesome ...until you catch your connecting flight through one of those places that happily executes you for it.
on the other hand the guy/gal could be heading home and in desperate need of a huge bliffter!
I may have to start booking flights to Tokyo, Rose.
The customs should just let the man go. Weed is no more harmful than raping tentacles.
Now that's what I call a sticky situation!
I'm glad I found this early so I could nip it in the bud.
We have to weed out these stupid threads.
Once again, given further evidence of my claim that Japanese law enforcement (customs, police, etc) are complete morons for the most part. Then they all bow and apologize thinking that makes everything ok again. F-ing total morons.

I'm sure many people are thinking "what a luck SOB, free 142g of hash!". Well, (s)he wouldn't be so lucky if this was a connecting flight to say Singapore and got nailed for trafficking. If I were this passenger I'd be suing that pants off of them rather than keeping the hash.
Will he commit Seppuku??
And if they planted it on somebody from Gainax he probably wouldn't even notice the increase.
You have to get to these half-baked abominations when they're still seeds otherwise they roll right along.
that all depends on if Murphy speaks Japanese
Well, lets just hope that he/she makes it home safely and enjoys the quarter lb of free weed.
&gt; I'd be suing that pants off of them 

That's just not the way things work in Japan.

I bet one of two things will happen:

- the person who finds the weed will just throw it out

or

- the person who finds the weed will return it after seeing this story in the japanese press.

If they stuck it in some gaijin's bag, they throw that fscker out of the country for interfering with the duties of a customs officer.

There *may* be a little gomenasai money that gets handed out, but it'll probably be just enough to cover train and taxi fair to the customs office and back.

On the other hand, 142g of weed is *MAD* fscking money if they know how to deal in that environment... but my guess is that the bag has been in custom's possession so long and been used for so many training runs that the product is next to worthless.
I wonder if this is going to be a new excuse.

"It's not mine, officer. It must have been customs!"
forgot which bag it was in?

sounds like the guys at customs were high on their own supply

"dude where'd u put that weed?" "huh? I thought you were in charge of that.."
That's a good excuse... "uh, I lost it."

I bet he really took it home with him.
You can still smoke old weed.
[deleted]
Yep, he was probably still pissed about not getting that bowl of noodles to finish. 

"Yeah I smell it, so what?"
You just know some idiot is going to come along and reply to the wrong one, making the thread dis-joint.
you can't sell it like that...

...not a Japanese prices.

(dude, the weed you sold me smells like dog slobber)
Dibs!
Looks like people smuggling drugs have a new excuse when they get busted.
To put it bluntly, CAN I HAZ CHEESEBURGER?
It was in the bags of somebody on an incoming flight from Hong Kong.  It's in the country now.
It was an incoming flight from Hong Kong.
That officer is gonna commit ikebana out of shame.
The bag was nowhere to be found, it's like it vaporized into thin air.
If they get caught all their travel plans will go up in smoke...
Sorry if my joke about generalizing Japanese as  warm-blooded hentai lovers offends anyone. I guess I didn't make it.
I don't get it.  In most US places where there isn't much weed, even shitweed sells for high prices.
I've always said the best potstickers can be found in Japan.
Doesn't 142kg sound a little too random? I bet there were 150kg - the dog and airport security took a few tokes before running the test. Remember, they fucking FORGOT which bag it was in!
C-C-C-CANNIBIS SMOKER!
First of all it was 142 grams, not kilograms, which is equivalent to 5 ounces.
Well I liked Pokemon.
Asian weed sucks anyway.
I think the customs agent took the weed home and smoked it.
thai stick?
Hashish?
HERRO! JACKPOT!
&gt;Well, (s)he wouldn't be so lucky if this was a connecting
&gt;flight to say Singapore and got nailed for trafficking

Except it wasn't.  It was in incoming flight from Hong Kong.  Flying Hong Kong to Singapore via Tokyo would be a world first.  Maybe check your facts next time before you start accusing other people of being morons.
Only users lose drugs!
[edit - duh...]
They lost 5oz of drugs after illegally sneaking it into somebody's bag. You can't convince me they weren't morons, regardless of any mistakes pantsoff made in his comment.
Japanese consumers.... that's the difference.
yeah maybe in the 70's
Hash is made from the best part of the bud..
8 kg in a few tokes? And they say smoking reduces lung power.
With people undoubtedly carrying on to other destinations. Lots of folk have to re-check luggage on connections. This could have very easily happened here
Damn these imperial measurement countries and their weak metric conversions.
There is no way you "happen" to put 150kg of anything into anybodys suitcase with them knowing it. First of all unless it is gold it doesn't fit. Second of all they wouldn't be able to lift that much.
Hey! I found some weed in my bag after I came back from a trip. Let's roll...
now is a good time to smuggle dope outta tokyo,  this can be used as a good defense.
[deleted]
i just got off an airplane from san francisco to seattle.  people were connecting to flights to redding, ca.  nonsensical? yes.  rebookings suck, and you usually end up with horrid transfers.  but to run with it, suppose they were on an asian tour and started in hk, flew to tokyo, then seoul, then bangkok, then singapore or somesuch route.  if it's in a pocket of their bag that they wouldn't think to check they could easily wend their way through several airports only to be busted in singapore.  and at that point (several countries removed from the actual source of the drugs) they'd have an even harder time arguing their case.
Lose. L-O-S-E. Lose. Jesus Christ.
SCORE!
Let's hash this out.
[deleted]
Tokya airport security missed a dog smoking 150 kilos of weed?
142 grams = 5.0089026 ounces, sounds like [false precision](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_precision) strikes again
My bad - I had inhaled.
NW has a hub in Tokyo I route through there when booking reward flights. I have flown SIN-NRT-HKG-NRT-MNL and other such nonsensical routings.
Next layover in Singapore and another tourist gets executed.
Wow, that's five whole ounces.

I wonder if it's better than mine.

I doubt it.
It's like the best lottery ever!
There's no way japanweed is good.
He's going to [arrange flowers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ikebana) out of shame?
isn't that an illegal invasion of privacy?
LEAVE PIKACHU ALONE!
[deleted]
Absolutely, you've sparked my interest in this sticky situation.
OH?
forget Jamaica, let's go to Japan
Let's hope it is not the same dude who scored an explosive gift from the french custom (http://www.informit.com/articles/article.aspx?p=371491).  Or may be it is,  and that's what confused the Japanese drug sniffing dog...
I think you need to toke a step back and calm down
Huh?
I heard weed is shunned upon and regulated like crack is in the US.
We have a budding crisis on our hands.
Uranium would fit, its more dense than gold.
But American crack is *great*. If japanweed is regulated as effectively in Japan as crack is in the US, it's going to be strong, cheap, and ubiquitous.
Ummm, no. Uranium's density is 19.1 g/cm^3, gold's 19.3 g/cm^3.
Depending on buddicity that'd be an 8 X 10 envelope more or less.
I meant in terms of legality and punishment.
Iridium and osmium are denser and safer to handle.
Someone call FEMA... "Heck of a job, Brownie."
quite a number of plants flower...
Yes, weed in Japan is generally pretty poor quality and expensive as hell to boot.
[deleted]
It's *prohibited*, whatever that means.

&gt; The customs officer conducted the test on a passenger's bag against regulations. Normally a training suitcase is used.

&gt; "I knew that using passengers' bags is prohibited, but I did it because I wanted to improve the sniffer dog's ability," the officer was quoted as saying.
I have a "friend" who once took an eighth of Cali weed through Narita airport. Purely accidentally- he had left it in the outside pocket of a duffel bag because he'd forgotten to remove it after a camping trip.

He only realized it was probably there as he entered baggage claim, and froze in horror as he saw the dogs sniffing away at the conveyor belts. But, they never smelt a thing. '

Lucky (and stupid) as hell, and wound up with an eighth of better weed you could ever find in Japan to boot.
Next layover in Canada and another tourist gets tazored.
Not to detract from the original intent of your post, but Marijuana is not a narcotic.
If you carry it in your mind, you're safe.
Next layover in the United States and another tourist gets sent to prison for 25 years.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
You made me laugh, but I really, honestly, hate kids who spell like that.
[deleted]
[deleted]
lol do do
What? Japan imprisons millions of poor blacks for crack, too?
win!
haha no.  But I *do* believe there are harsher sentences than here.  I could be completely wrong as my parent post says I just 'heard' about it from a japanese exchange student a few years ago.
Not to disagree with anything you said, but the usual "X law" doesn't really apply to X.

For instance, anti-terrorism laws are not about banning Robespierre-style shenanigans...in fact, they seem calculated to *promote* Robespierre-style shenanigans.
Yeah, I did the same thing once, but it was from Japan to New Zealand. Was just a pipe disguised as a pen and a little bit of hash hidden inside. I sweat bullets when I remembered and it went through the scanner.
...that sounds like a fun thing to do when you're high out of your gourd...
[deleted]
Typical idiot Americans

...oh
Update: [www.japantoday.com](http://www.japantoday.com/category/crime/view/sniffer-dog-fails-cannabis-test-at-narita-drug-goes-missing)

The drugs were handed in to the police/Narita airport.
I read that as "Only losers use drugs!" but I guess the intent is sort of the same.
that's rule number 4 (i know you've heard this before)
that's rule number 4 (i know you've heard this before)

Summary:
It's in the country now.
I think the customs agent took the weed home and smoked it.
"Yeah I smell it, so what?"
I bet he really took it home with him.
It was in the bags of somebody on an incoming flight from Hong Kong.
I wonder if this is going to be a new excuse.
It was an incoming flight from Hong Kong.
It was in incoming flight from Hong Kong.
forgot which bag it was in?
Yeah, I did the same thing once, but it was from Japan to New Zealand.
I heard weed is shunned upon and regulated like crack is in the US.
The customs should just let the man go.
That's a good excuse... "uh, I lost it."
It must have been customs!"
You can still smoke old weed.
I may have to start booking flights to Tokyo, Rose.
Next layover in Singapore and another tourist gets executed.
I bet there were 150kg - the dog and airport security took a few tokes before running the test.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
