Original Response:
[deleted]
[deleted]
As Bush and his puppetmasters intended.
you missed a few other things:

*global food crisis* *pandemic diseases like h5n1* *global war (y'know once things get going with iran later this year)* *education crisis (we are stupid)*
hehe ... good article, i remember when i submitted it some time ago. upvote ;)
Russia in 2008 is nothing short of an economic miracle. The average Russian wage earner has seen his wages increase 10 fold in the last 8 years of Putin rule. 

The currency and government are both stable. There is an optimistic consensus on which way the country is headed. Foreign debt has been repaid and there is a hundred billion dollar surplus which is being used to rebuild the long neglected Soviet infrastructure.

Most Russians have little if any debt, own their own residence outright, and have considerable savings which they are spending on a now booming retail/commercial market. Moscow freeways now look like Los Angeles.

If America makes the same *relative* gains to it's economy post-crash that Russia has made post-communism, then the *long term* future of America looks very bright indeed.

EDIT: America is totally fucked in the short term.
Interesting, but the writer's obvious pro-russia/soviet bias takes away from his argument a bit. That said, there are some important truths to be gotten from reading this article. *upvote*
EVERYBODY PANIC!!!!!
the energy crisis is perpetual.  we will always want more than we have.  crisis is a misnomer.

and by the way, you can stick all of this down the invalid currency.  all of it, including cold war.
AAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!
What you just described about Russia, is a recipe of a disaster. It makes everyone so optimistic that in aggregate they stop imagining things even possibly much worse again. This hyper-optimism will hit back at them when they least expect it. And when it does, no-one will want to believe it. I wish Russia all the best luck.
I'm sorry but anyone who says the economy is collapsing in the current state of the U.S. economy has never even picked up a book on economics.
O NOEZ
Yeah, life is all about money, not about life.

http://english.pravda.ru/russia/politics/14-01-2005/7595-life-0
We will never achieve such a comeback if we continue to pay for a bloated military, and we continue to pimp our military out to Israel's security objectives.
There is no doubt that Russians were much more disaster-ready than Americans are.

However, I think that American economy is MUCH more stable than Soviet Union's was in 1985-1991. Which is to say that even if dollar falls tomorrow by a factor of 3 (unlikely), American economy will likely to survive pretty much intact..

Why am I so optimistic? Well, 1987-1993 in USSR/Russia were years of dismantling of state-run economy and letting the free market run its course. And that transition was incredibly disruptive.. Pretty much every entrerprise had to start nearly from scratch: find/renegotiate suppliers, decide on and set prices, think about advertising, etc... And that on top of 1000% inflation in 1991-1992,
300% inflation in 1993-1994, etc...

And USA already has a (more or less) free market economy.
The tragedy here is that it was all avoidable.  With Gore as president, we could have paid down the national debt instead of running it out of control, and had 8 years of peace and prosperity instead of 6 years of massive embezzlement disguised as a holy war.


The two American political parties are not identical.
&gt;we are stupid

Nah...some of us aren't so great with commas, but Americans have a lot of ingenuity up our sleeves.

It was painful for Cuba to ramp up local, sustainable agriculture so quickly, but we have enough human and capital resources to pull off a similar feat.
We should do like villagers of *Santo Poco*:

Dig.

And sew.
You mean Saudi Arabia's security objectives.  Israel is not benefitting from Gulf War II.
Things in the U.S. were awesome in the 50s-60s. Shitty in the 70s. Awesome in the 80s-90s, Shitty in 00s.

Life, governments, and economies are cyclical. But let's all panic anyway. Go buy rice.
&gt;The currency and government are both stable.

The currency is stable because the natural gas and oil prices went up. The Govt is stable because the opposition was crushed and the media is under control. Hitler's Germany (or Stalin's Soviet Union) were stable.

USA may have problems but Russia is definitely not something to emulate. Why not China if the policies doesn't matter ?
At least in USA the journalists don't get murdered.
Mmmmm rice...  I could go for, like, 10 50 pound bags of rice right now.  I'm going to check out CostCo.
Reddit is way too pro-Russia as of late... I'm leaving.
&gt;This hyper-optimism will hit back at them when they least expect it.

I don't think Russians are hyper-optimistic as just plain optimistic. They still have too many big challenges (corruption, aging infrastructure, rural poverty) to rest on thier laurels.

And a society is not in trouble when it is optimistic (as the U.S.A. in the 1960's), but when it is hedonistic (as the U.S.A. in the 2000's). The Russians don't have anything to worry about for another 40-60 years (when those who came of age in the 1990's die off or become irrelevant).

EDIT: or as Reddyenumber4 put it more succinctly above:
*Life, governments, and economies are cyclical.*
Excellent article. A pity that most Americans, especially younger ones, lack the patience to read it and the analytical skills to understand it.
Israel has not benefitted from the Lebanon war, either. Going to blame Saudi for that, too?

It was the neocons and the AIPAC spies that got us into the Iraq War, and they want war with Iran, too. Fuck those traitors.
Baloney. With Gore as president, you would have had the Great Biofuels Inflation in 2002 instead of 2008. And his anti-industrialism would have destroyed the U.S. tax base and the debt would have gone up anyway. Six of one and half a dozen of another.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Judging from the outcome you would think it was for the benefit of Iran's security objectives.
Ah Peak oil how you will change the world forever.
&gt;The currency is stable because the natural gas and oil prices went up.

The currency is stable because of sound fiscal management. Gas and oil revenues helped make that sound management possible. And the Russians are investing that surplus in education, health care, social services, and infrastructure. In other words, they are investing in the very things that will make dependence on oil irrelevant in the future.

&gt;The Govt is stable because the opposition was crushed

The government is stable because the opposition is irrelevant. 85% of Russians approve of Putin and his economic policies. The opposition doesn't need to be crushed, it already is crushed...by reality.
Media in the US is not under control?  We have free press here?  Let's not fool ourselves.
time to hit restart.
&gt;Gore was never really a big proponent of biofuelds.

[Al gore is practically the inventor of Biofuels](http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;q=gore+biofuels+proponent).
The opposition is irrelevant because all the media is controled. A long list of murdered journalists, political parties banned from the media or public places, murders, all that means nothing to you ?

&gt;85% of Russians approve of Putin and his economic policies

Stalin had 99.9%

Move to Russia and see for yourself. Russia is a plutocracy run by the mafia.
&gt;Stalin had 99.9%

You are stuck in the 20th century my friend. The world has moved on and you still have your quaint Cold War mentality and knee-jerk anti Russian bias. How can you possibly compare a butcher like Stalin in the era of *radio*, for god's sake, with Putin in the era of the internet? Are Russians that stupid that they don't know if their own economy is doing well or not? 

&gt;Move to Russia and see for yourself.

You sir, have never been to Russia. Your comments prove it.
The internets AND biofuels? What a guy.
short and sweet, just the way i like it!
We do, it's just that we also have a corporate press that most people turn to for their facts. 

You don't need to censor the corporate media, because their owners belong to the same elite as the people they are supposed to be watching. 

It's not like we have government thugs beating down journalist doors for dissent. The system we have is a lot of more subtle and just as dysfunctional.
well, if you control what info people have access to, a number like that is easy inflated!
it's called career suicide!
In Soviet Russia, Reddit leaves you!
[Dude has a book coming out soon](http://www.amazon.com/Reinventing-Collapse-Example-American-Prospects/dp/0865716064/)
[deleted]
If you like this article, you will probably also like this one: http://www.energybulletin.net/23259.html
At least we have reddit
&gt; *"Life, governments, and economies are cyclical."*

Well, I guess that's that then, let's all just go home!

(Side note: I agree with your basic point, but we all have to understand that cycles, stereotypes, etc, are just large averages of individual small events. It doesn't mean it will necessarially happen. You shouldn't quote it like gospel.)
It's BSOD for the USA with no System Restore points.  It's full format or nothing.
[deleted]
i love them both! and your sailboat article! *edit: AND YOU
The US media is far from perfect, but it is also far from the kind of government control seen in Russia.
This article is a fun read, but it really seems out of touch with reality to assume that the US would collapse in the same way the USSR did. As the author admits, the two systems are completely different.
Upmodded for thinking with reason and facts instead of extreme pessimism
I couldn't stop reading this until the end.  Great post!
And the example of Cuba.
Gary Webb? Is what they did to him any less effective in silencing him?
This kind of pessimism, fatalism (or whatever you want to call it) is really fun. But maybe, after having watched too many bad Hollywood movies, people really believe in it and the Empire[1] is brought down (or brings itself down) by collective hysteria/fantasma/delirium in the sense of a self-fulfilling prophecy. Interesting outlook.

&gt; Although the basic, and obvious, conclusion is that the United States is worse prepared for economic collapse than Russia was

Nobody is ever prepared for a collapse. Otherwise the collapse wouldn't happen.


[1] Yeah, I watched those movies too. :-)
[deleted]
What a coincidence.
Russians can read Reddit too.
No, but if there is dissent, the government is apparently not above outing the identity of an undercover agent.

The US government doesn't have to beat down any doors because the corporate press is complicit in the deception of the public.
Well you are almost correct. It is not money, but symbols of wealth. Of course, this is so blindingly obvious that there today exists people who still refuse to accept it because they are so emotionally drugged on their own life and because they are of so low quality regarding this parameter for their progeny that they find no joy even in considering it. What else performance measures are there that is so indicative of how your progeny is to evaluate how well and how much you, their ancestor, contributed uniquely to their living standard (excluding your contribution to the living standard of all humanity)?
In Soviet Russia, reddit reads you! (sorry can't resist).

That's great for Russians. Vanuatuns can read reddit (if they're literate) and that's great for them, too. So what?

My point was that at least we have sites like these to counter the corporate MSM. And as a result their influence is greatly diminished as information can be disseminated faster and uncensored.
My point was that Russians too have sites like these to counter whatever they want to counter.
It's not about believing that the cycle will occur because it's a cycle. It's about recognizing when a situation has occurred before, and noting that in the past, we have found solutions.

It's not about everyone going home. It is however about avoiding panic. Which is generally something I like to do.
Seconded.
By "we" I mean  everyone in the world.

Summary:
The currency and government are both stable.
Russians can read Reddit too.
Media in the US is not under control?
&gt;The currency and government are both stable.
Life, governments, and economies are cyclical.
The opposition is irrelevant because all the media is controled.
In Soviet Russia, reddit reads you!
The Govt is stable because the opposition was crushed and the media is under control.
&gt; *"Life, governments, and economies are cyclical.
In Soviet Russia, Reddit leaves you!
It's not about everyone going home.
However, I think that American economy is MUCH more stable than Soviet Union's was in 1985-1991.
&gt;The Govt is stable because the opposition was crushed

The government is stable because the opposition is irrelevant.
The currency is stable because the natural gas and oil prices went up.
You sir, have never been to Russia.
I don't think Russians are hyper-optimistic as just plain optimistic.
At least we have reddit.
"*

Well, I guess that's that then, let's all just go home!

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
