Original Response:
i keep dreaming when that will happen in US, but with choices like Hillary, Obama or McCain i will keep dreaming
Now if they would just do something about all those ovens.
Sorry for my ignorance, but what are you talking about?
I'm Dutch and this is the first time I see this... Makes me wonder why there's no media attention about this over here in Holland...
The terrorist United States Government likes unsecure electronic voting machines, and unsecure ballots.
Can you guess why?  

RIGGED
Apparently this particular childish humour is fairly localized.
[Dutch Oven](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=dutch+oven)
No, they like them because Diebold makes campaign contributions.
And the pretzels.
i would much rather trust a random poll worker i do not know to hand count my votes than a computer. well done!
Fool. Obama is a good choice. Read all the pamphlets and watch the tapes. I want this to happen in the US as well. Maybe we should start a movement to demand that they change back. Anybody with me?
I don't get why it has to be one or the other. Voting is so goddamn important, there should be multiple copies of multiple records:
Go in, use a touch screen machine and cast your ballot. It prints you a paper ballot that you verify is correct, and you put that in a box. Then it prints you a receipt with a hash on it that you take home. The touch screen vote gets counted immediately, then the paper ballot gets counted by hand for the final count. The totals should match between the two methods. Then, you can go online and input your hash and see who you voted for, and see the breakdown by polling place, and mark something as inaccurate. How is this so hard? Fuck diebold and bush.
cynical redditor is cynical
conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy

rigged rigged rigged rigged

sarcasm.

The government doesn't rig elections.  At least not on the large scale.
I logged in to say that I think this is a fantastic development for electoral politics in here in teh USA.  From teh very begining, I always thought that electronic voting was sketchy at best, especially because Diebold is involved.  But I'm relieved to read that teh Dutch have banned this practice.  Hopefully, one-by-one, other state governments will soon follow  Denmark's lead.

I know what you are thinking: how can this have any impact on our country when Denmark is only teh second-smallest state in teh country?  Well, two things: first, this can be teh straw that broke the camel's balls and gets other states to follow suite.  Second, while it is a small state, Denmark is right next to Maryland, which is where President Bush lives!  How's that for influential?

Rejecting electronic voting could even become a phenomenon that catches on internationally, not just here in teh United States.  My husband told me something very intriguing the otehr day: did you know that Canada is geographically very close to the USA and can be influenced by American policies?  What a coup it would be for Canadians to reject electronic voting, from a country that has heretofore only given us bacon.

And that's not saying much, given that their Canadian "bacon" pails in comparison to American bacon.  That's not really related to teh topic at hand, but I needed to bring it up since [teh article that I posted to reddit](http://reddit.com/info/6k3mn/comments/) didn't make the front page.
"hard ass wind", "vile ass fumes"... oh my lol!
Well it was a misplaced joke indeed, but at least you made me laugh (not your joke, but the explanation of it given in the link you provided).
"Dutch government bans electronic voting"...

and is declared part of the Axis of Eeeeeeeeeevil.

Hey, they have legalized marijuana too!
Bomb bomb bomb Holland...
Bad idea on multiple counts. a) As has been explained the article it's nearly impossible to build a voting computer that will not compromise the secrecy of your vote through compromising emanations (aka TEMPEST). b) A voter-verified paper audit trail is only really useful if it is manually counted all the time, but no current or proposed system includes that, they all use the VVPAT as a backup measure, which allows for vote manipulation. c) The receipt that you've included again violates the secrecy of your vote and will make it possible to force you to make a specific vote (e.g. "Bring home a receipt that indicates that you voted for party ... or your wife loses a finger.").

There are some schemes that allow for secure and verifiable electronic voting, such as Punchscan or Scantegrity, but they usually are too complicated for the regular citizen to understand.

One of the best ways to electronically assist in the counting process is to use optically readable ballots that can be used in a traditional paper voting process and then have an OCR sorting machine that will do nothing else but sort the ballots into heaps of identical ballots. The human that would normally count the ballots can then check that all the ballots on a heap are identical (that's a rather fast and safe operation for a human) and then simply count the number of ballots on a heap.
This was on reddit tree days ago w/ a bablefish link to the official statement which can be found here (in dutch): http://www.minbzk.nl/actueel/112441/nieuw
Same thing I would say if my name would be Capitol62.. anyway that's not the point, it's about the possibility do commit fraud whitout any means of a real recount.
the
Dutch = Holland/The Netherlands. Not Denmark. But I wouldn't expect a HillaryClintonFan to know facts.
&gt; A voter-verified paper audit trail is only really useful if it is manually counted all the time, but no current or proposed system includes that

I believe I just proposed it. But yeah, I'm suggesting that there is a manual count every time, and an electronic count every time. 

As for the receipt, it can be protected with a secret code word that you enter in the voting booth. It can also be optional. If someone is threatening your wife's life over a vote, you have bigger issues than how the votes are being counted. 

My general point is, there's no reason not to have multiple trails and multiple counts. This eliminates single points of failure and makes it impossible for a single bad link in the chain to screw everything up. The specifics of how that's done can be debated by people who know more about it than me, but the point is that there needs to be a change in this direction.
Ireland bought these same voting machines, spent around €50 million on them.

Thanks, Mister Cullen.
I can't tell if this is a terrible joke or some ignorant slop...
[deleted]
You still can't get much safer than writing a name on a piece of paper.
I would trust that poll worker!  For the simple reason that I would rather have the count be off by 0.2% than have the potential to manipulate the electronic count and change the vote by more than 5%.
Come on people, this is top-notch trollacting.  Check the [history](http://reddit.com/user/HillaryClintonFan/).
When electronic voting is outlawed, only outlaws will vote electronically.
Funny, cause I saw it in the media a few days ago in Belgium.
I'd be in favor of open-source, cryptographically signed electronic voting.

Online voting would be amazing- Imagine if we could have voter turnouts of 80% and know the winner instantly.

Of course there's the potential for fraud but paper voting is far from immune to that issue.
I think I agree with what you are saying, but Denmark is not the home of the Dutch, Holland is; and please spell the "t-h-e" not "t-e-h".
Holland is the world's largest exporter of pragmatism.
You can have a real recount with electronic voting... Just not in its current form.  

What's the best solution?  Knee jerk and try to get rid out all electronic voting?  Or reform the system and make it work.  

You act like you can't commit large scale, untraceable, fraud with paper ballots. 

The problem is, the same people who don't like electronic voting also don't like the federal government imposing election related mandates on the states.  This means the problem can't be solved for the entire system at once, it has to be solved state by state.  Some states have an excellent system.  Minnesota for example, you fill in your paper ballot, then feed it into a machine that counts it.  Both the electronic tally and the paper are kept.  There are also systems where the ballots are filled out and tabulated on a machine and a receipt is printed.  Again, both paper and electronic copies.  

I agree with you that the current diebold voting machines suck and need to be done away with.  I disagree with the argument that says we need to outlaw electronic voting.  We just need to reform it and make it work.  If done well, electronic voting makes for faster more efficient elections.
Excellent. 

Electronic voting has been the chief means by which the neocons, a small, etnically homogenous, criminal cabal have rested the power of the vote away from the majority to serve their interests of pre-emptive war eternal war for Israel and shock and awe disaster capitalism (fascist corporatism): they did it here in 2000 &amp; 2004, and in France electronic voting secured France's first MOSSAD President, Nicholas Sarkozy.

I would expect political upheavel in the Netherlands as the neocon Operation GLADIO team sets about to put the poltical apparatus there into play.
I don't understand how the world's largest democracy (India: 1.1+ billion people) can have all-electronic elections on the national level, while every other country is struggling to catch up.

Keep it basic. Our voting machines have *nothing* but one button for each candidate, and an LED to indicate the vote was cast (and a buzzer to the same effect). Screw the touch screen, the Windows CE and the networking, and you instantly cut down about half a million points of failure. There have been an astonishingly small percentage of failure reports, and no security compromise that I have heard of. Of the few cases where the machine was compromised, it was heavily intentional (aka "booth capturing") and the entire ballot was nullified, and a re-poll took place, as was also the case with the older paper-based system.

[More info](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_voting_machines)

[Comparison with Diebold](http://techaos.blogspot.com/2004/05/indian-evm-compared-with-diebold.html)
&gt;As for the receipt, it can be protected with a secret code word that you enter in the voting booth.

And then I can go around with a box of candy bars getting people to vote for my guy and they'll cooperate with me, the password does nothing.

A better idea is to print out a series of multiple codes to look up on the website, and on the screen inform the user that "Look on the receipt for your access code CAT57." All the other access codes on your receipt will display a fake ballot that is consistent however many times you view it.
FANBOY ALERT FANBOY ALERT.
well, it's "legal" to invade Holland.
You already hpassed a law that allows it : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Service-Members%27_Protection_Act
Just another thing where the Dutch are light years ahead of the rest of the world. Good for them...
There are quite secure electronic voting schemes. Too bad Dutch decided to ban them as well.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDnShu5V99s
No, joke.

But you would have to assume all voters could print the name of the candidate.
Black box voting is EVIL.

Push the button, here is your winner!
I didn't say we need to outlaw electronic voting, fyi. And yes, any system will be open to fraud in some way. At this moment, I do believe that a system like Hendryk (somewhere up in this thread) described could be usefull: 

One of the best ways to electronically assist in the counting process is to use optically readable ballots that can be used in a traditional paper voting process and then have an OCR sorting machine that will do nothing else but sort the ballots into heaps of identical ballots. The human that would normally count the ballots can then check that all the ballots on a heap are identical (that's a rather fast and safe operation for a human) and then simply count the number of ballots on a heap.

If you add to this the possibility to also count the ballots through OCR, with a manual recount (of all or a part of the votes), you have a workable system.
&gt; If done well, electronic voting makes for faster more efficient elections.

What is the argument for needing faster elections?
Canada still has paper ballots for Federal Elections and I know some provinces have been experimenting with electronic voting...

I'm still okay with electronic voting as long as there's a paper receipt that goes into a ballot box available for recount.

But our federal elections is simply a piece of paper with a bunch of names on them with a circle beside the name, and you put an X in that circle.

If it looks like a V or a Y or a checkmark your vote doesn't count.  One X in one circle and that's it.
Good solution! Now we're getting somewhere. Could even be an easy to remember visual symbol like various animals, as it should be pretty easy to remember an alligator or lion symbol rather than text. I like the fundamental concept very much. Want to start a voting machine company?
PAPER BALLOTS COUNTED BY HAND WITH PEOPLE WATCHING!
I read an article that said that the US once had no secret ballot but that once secret ballots became the norm it became much easier to fix elections because no one really knew how others had voted. [Vote Secrecy - Why We
Can't Vote Them Out](http://rense.com/general80/votesec.htm)

Unless you live in a dictatorship that allows voting (never heard of that) why is a secret ballot necessary?
I like the visual symbols better, considering how dull-witted most people are. Hell, even I can't remember my computer passwords until I've used them several times.

Not interested in a position at your voting machine company, the multiple secret codes idea was my only good idea in all the time I thought about it.
because not everyone has a computer or knows how to work one. keep things stupid simple.
Time for the US to follow suite.

But I wouldn't blame the method. The votes can be played in so many different ways. The goal is to get rid of the incentive/people who want to rig it.
[deleted]
*wrested*
There are a lot of misconceptions around electronic voting.

Yes, there are some insecure voting machines -- and some shockingly insecure paper-based voting practices too. (Where do you think those cardboard boxes go before they are counted?)

Electronic voting is subject to levels of security such as public-key encryption that go well beyond what can be accomplished with paper voting. However, not all vendors bother to implement this. Those that do should be praised.
Public voting records make voter coercion and vote buying easier.
It would be great for the economy too, there would lots of employment opportunities for folks going door to door to make sure the people who sell their votes to the corporations vote correctly.
So how is that different than the current system? Anyone can request an absentee ballot.
You point is irrelevant because it weakens my argument. My obvious next move is to argue that we should disallow absentee voting, but instead of doing that I'll just stand over here and hum quietly to myself.
That's true. But a secret ballot makes stealing an election easier. 

But ballots are not really secret anyway. In most state you have to choose if you are a Democrat or Republican to vote in primaries. Most voters, they already know how you are gonna vote.
in order to have a viable e-voting system you'd have to have 2 printouts - a receipt for the voter and a paper for the papertrail.  but then you still dont know if what is printed out is what was actually cast.

our elections are scams and rigged, our media doesnt spend time scrutinizing the voting process or our elections or call for recounts because they are complicit in the scam.

democracy in america is a sham when third parties are bullied off ballots.
Instead of banning electronic voting, they should just make them open source.
that makes me feel sorry for all the other people in the world...
(I'm dutch)
Iraq was a dictatorship that allowed voting, in fact Saddam got an astounding [100%](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/2331951.stm) of the vote.
Yeah, that kind of thing is meaningless and pointless. It is just pretend democracy. 

But still, it is similar to what we have in the US presidential election where both candidates represent the same plutocracy.
Why the fuck don't we have a widely-used reliable, auditable electronic voting solution based on open-source peer-reviewed software and hardware subject to scrutiny by the international security community?  It shouldn't be that fucking hard to get it right.  All this electoral fraud and lack of transparency is really pissing me off.
[deleted]
Except it's not really; there are more than two parties who field candidates for the Presidential election, but a "don't waste your vote" culture seems to have emerged that is counter to the notion of representative democracy. Make no mistakes, though; while this is useful for both Democrats and Republicans, it's not something they have ultimate control over. The people make the final decision not to vote Green or Libertarian or Progressive or whatever, for whatever flawed reasons (or maybe they just agree with Democrats or Republicans more).

A two-party system isn't brilliant, but let's not pretend it's not democratic.
That means the arrows on the left are off-limits until further notice.
Just out of interest, how common do you really think the scenario you propose in (c) is likely to be in the US? Seriously, is this *really* an issue?
not to mention that the third parties don't focus enough of their energy on state government and congressional/senate seats, thus they have absolutely no political resume to show to the voters as proof that their presidential candidate will, in fact do what he/she promises.
I don't understand what's wrong with being unable to prevent eavesdropping. The more people who are allowed to perform independent verifications, the better, surely?

Preventing people from *manipulating* the vote electronically is the real reason electronic voting is bad.
I don't think it is. It's like you're sitting on a horse with a guy in front of you and he guides the head and you guide the tail and you still think you are deciding where the horse is going.
A voting system must not be designed to only work in a friendly democratic setting, but instead should work when there's serious oppression and manipulation going on. So even if that's not currently a problem, you must think about what happens in 5, 10, 25, ... years from now.

Also that was just the most extreme form of voter manipulation. There are also softer forms which have been brought up by others on this thread. And yes, I do think that "Throw in your receipt here, which shows you voted for candidate X, to receive a discount on your buy/to receive a free happy meal/etc." or similar would be a problem in the current US.
I guess I'm more optimistic about voter behavior than you, and more concerned about the lack of transparency in the current system. The closed electronic voting systems that are used in many US electorates seems like a problem that needs to be solved immediately, rather than waiting for the "perfect" solution. 

Elections have *always* been corrupt, in one way or another. Vote buying, gerrymandering, disenfranchisement, etc have long been used to get the result the politicians want. But implementing a more transparent, verifiable voting system is a decent first step, and will shift the focus to the other, more insidious problems...
Ik ook. Maar ik was in Amerika gebooren. Dus, eigenlijk Amerikaans.

Summary:
When electronic voting is outlawed, only outlaws will vote electronically.
I don't think it is.
conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy

rigged rigged rigged rigged

sarcasm.
I don't get why it has to be one or the other.
If done well, electronic voting makes for faster more efficient elections.
I want this to happen in the US as well.
I disagree with the argument that says we need to outlaw electronic voting.
Canada still has paper ballots for Federal Elections and I know some provinces have been experimenting with electronic voting...
But ballots are not really secret anyway.
&gt; If done well, electronic voting makes for faster more efficient elections.
I didn't say we need to outlaw electronic voting, fyi.
There are quite secure electronic voting schemes.
You can have a real recount with electronic voting... Just not in its current form.
The government doesn't rig elections.
But a secret ballot makes stealing an election easier.
There are also systems where the ballots are filled out and tabulated on a machine and a receipt is printed.
or similar would be a problem in the current US.
I agree with you that the current diebold voting machines suck and need to be done away with.
There are a lot of misconceptions around electronic voting.
Instead of banning electronic voting, they should just make them open source.
Want to start a voting machine company?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.14
