Original Response:
the capital letters explain everything :D
no because there is no rice shortage.
The so-called "reason" I got off of MSNBC today was because of bad weather.

I almost fell out of my chair.
Brazil stopped exportation too, as brazillian i know this is big. Something is really happening, here in Argentina the government is having big problems with producers of food too. And dont forguet what Chavez said... Chavez: Soaring food prices are a "massacre" of the world's poor, is the economic, social and political model of the world, the capitalist model is in crisis. http://reddit.com/info/6gsqi/comments/

"Brazil halts rice exports to counter price hike"  http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/News/International_Business/Brazil_halts_rice_exports_to_counter_price_hike/articleshow/2980181.cms
we've had issues here in Australia with both wheat and rice *exports* because of the recent long-term drought.  Shortages have not yet hit local consumers.

There are all sorts of things that contribute to this. Drought/poor crops is just one of them. Profit margins maybe. Arable land used for Biofuels will be another (this really pisses me off - I'm all in favour of alternate energy sources, but this biofuel push in America is not about being green, it is to reduce your reliance on foreign fuel sources. It was the most short-sighted thing I think your government has done)...
That's funny all the rice I buy says grown in California.
More of the same "Yellow-Peril-We-Must-fear_and-blame-China-for-
all-of-America's-Problems" Propaganda designed to Brainwash those in the US.

Most Chinese exports of Rice to other countries 
before the PRC halted such were to neighboring countries in Asia. 
Only a very small percentage of
Rice exports were to the US.

Limiting exports to other countries had nothing to do with the fall of the
value of the dollar in Relation to the RMB.

China has its own population to feed. Last year's summer floods, as well as the Snow
Emergency of early 2008 resulted in crop losses. To ensure domestic supply, the government halted exports even as demands from its Asian neighbors for rice increased.

But believe the U.S. propaganda if you want.
It doesn't make it true.
We have always been at war with Eastasia.
&gt;It was the most short-sighted thing I think your government has done

I agree that it is shortsighted, but isn't jumping on the gravy train shortsighted too?
The rice shortage has very little to do with China and a lot to do with India and Vietnam.  

India has doubled the minimum price charged for rice.  Vietnam had a problem with infected rice.

And, as other people on this page pointed out, most Americans buy American-grown rice, so, for them, there is no rice shortage.

The only people who really see this are those who use Jasmine rice or Basmati rice.
No.
http://www.prnewswire.com/cgi-bin/stories.pl?ACCT=ind_focus.story&amp;STORY=/www/story/04-20-2008/0004796087&amp;EDATE=SUN+Apr+20+2008,+03:00+AM
[deleted]
Yeah, but overall supply shortages will affect everyone - less rice to go around everywhere.

On the other hand, I thought that the shortage had to do with weather problems?
Could the rising cost oil be the blame also? The more expensive oil gets the more expensive it is going to be for farmers to grow their crops because they use gas powered automobiles to farm their land. Then they also used fertilizers,oil bi-product, to increase crop yield. Then they water their fields with gas powered water system. And then in order for farmers to ship their food they have to use Gas powered semis and ships to transport their goods, both use diesel fuel. I think as the more expensive oil gets the more expensive our entire way of life will become.
No. That doesn't explain it. 
Though I would expect that ANYONE would be reluctant to export ANYTHING if they could not make any profit on it. Duh.
"Hey George, I have this great idea for a business exporting widgets to Elbonia. Doesn't actually earn any money or anything. You want in?"
[deleted]
you're right and both Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert tackled this issue, and well
I think it's somewhere closer to about 50%, but you're right. We produce plenty of rice, and much of our consumed rice is domestically produced, too.
[deleted]
Egypt, also a big rice exporter, has halted exports to keep the domestic price below equalibrium.
My understanding is that lots of Argentinian farmers stopped raising cattle for the domestic market and switched to growing wheat and soy beans for export to take advantage of the boom in these commodity products.

This limited the beef on sale and caused prices to jump. People in Buenos Aires got really angry about it (banging pots and pans or whatever it Argentinan housewives do when they get angry).

The new madame president, anxious to boost her popularity with the urban vote put huge export taxes on grains and soybeans to encourage farmers to go back to raising more cattle.

That's what I got from a BBC documentary last month anyway.

Argentinian farmers are only responding rationally to the global situation and in fact would help to somewhat alleviate it by increasing supply. The government is being short-sighted with this intervention in the free market.
money for nothing, chicks for free!
Rice shortage?

Sorry: *what*?
If that's George Bush you're speaking to, then he probably does.
Depends; is your meat excessively dry?
Great comment, but it's worth noting that 2 + 2 = 4 even when Bush says it.  The Chinese regime is repressive.
Yea, but when the producers find out they can sell the rice outside United States for a bigger profit... The shortage begins
Our precious, precious rice is leaking out of the country!
This is all true.  What isn't mentioned is that Australia and India have had really bad crops this year dramatically reducing supply of rice on the international market.
The Chinese lack of rice exports and the shortage of rice did not influence each other.  Rather, there was a different initial cause that influenced both circumstances, giving the illusion of causality between them.

http://www.toadking.com/6x9=42/snorlax.jpg
The rice shortage is a phantom menace.
There's no rice shortage in the US. There *is* , however, a bunch of fat people who eat too much.
What?
Penalizing farmers to boost popularity amongst urbanites.  What a colossal tool.
Downvote:  I've never known fat people to eat RICE.
Those Chinese bastards, they're behaving just like us.
There is a Rice shortage ... I haven't seen Condoleezza for weeks. LOL
There is an currently a rice shortage in Asia. China is also affected and has stopped exporting to other countries as well.
Sumo wrestlers. Not many in US though. Also visit any chipotle.
But that is a good thing.
Good thing jasmine rice is thai
Maybe Monsanto bought bulk on the futures market to create a perception of shortage that would weaken public resistance to its frankencrops.  That's what I'd do if I had their funds and a desire to monopolize world food supply.  Hell, that's what I'd do if I had their funds and I was bored.
I smell global conspiracy!!
The gravy train of Global Warming opportunists? Yes that was inevitable too.  Your country (along with most to be fair) is deeply in bed with capitalism after all so yeah - not unexpected.

This doesn't mean that there is not real cause for concern and action though.
Dude you got it totally wrong mostly. You cant trust bbc when talks about Argentina! the farmers didnt stop raising cattle, they just dont sell it to the national market becouse they prefer exportation that gives much more money. And they act politically not selling so prices jump and they can presure and attack the government. Kirchner has to impose taxes for importation that serves to subsidize prices for argentinians, if not prices here would be the international ones! Farmers dont give a dam about the people, they are the ones that supported the dictadura, and this patronage, oligarchy just want to export and capitalize all they can. Obviusly BBC is making a documental becouse UK is a great market and loves argentinian meat. How can you say that Cristina "anxious to boost her popularity with the urban vote put huge export taxes " THIS IF TOTAL BULLSHIT!!! Who are you to say this??!! She is already very popular, she doesnt need any boost oto gain vote couse she already won the election like 5 months ago!!! "Argentinian farmers are only responding rationally " RATIONALLY?? did you hear the news that they made blockages off the main roads to urban centres and stopped food going to cities?? this was crazy!! Theres people dieying of famine in argentina a country that produces anually food for 300 millon people, and argentina only has 40 millon!!!!! This "rational" farmers of yours, we could send them to your country if you much like them!!! free market starves people!
We have rational farmers in Canada. They sell their meat and produce for as much money as they can get. Just like any other business people. And they grow whatever crops will earn them the biggest profits. To make themselves stronger the milk and wheat farmers organize marketing boards to keep the prices as high as the market will allow, but you know what? People can still afford to buy milk and meat and bread and vegetables.

Your lack of trust in the free market and the lack of trust and insistence on government controls on market mechanisms in Argentina just might be one of the main reasons the Argentinian economy has so often been a basket case despite its huge natural advantages.

In 1920, Argentina was a far richer country than Canada was. But Argentina has over and over again elected socialist governments that  force wage &amp; price controls on the economy and governments that try to manipulate market forces and what has been the result? Chaos again and again. 

Canada has had governments over that time that *largely, most of the time*, respect the free market and as a consequence, has enjoyed far greater stability and prosperity. And today Canada is a far richer country than Argentina.
"But Argentina has over and over again elected socialist governments" Dude WTF are you talking about? are you talking about argentina? do you mean Peron was socialist? HAHAHAHAHAHA are you serius? I dont get it, you write pretty well... if you want to talk about latin america seriusly, come here, make a tour to Venezuela, Argentina, Brazil, Chile... you should learn about the policies of imperialism in LA... start watching this video for example: 
War on Democracy:
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3739500579629840148
Peron was a corporatist which is a variation of a socialist.

You seems to think that the farmers should be the servants of the city dwellers providing them with meat and produce at a price city dwellers want to pay and if that price is too low for the farmers' taste then send in the government economists and the police and the army and force them to sell at the price the government says is fair.

That is a way of thinking that only ends one way: economic disequalibrium, fiscal disorder, shortages all around, a flourishing black market, rising inflation, lower government tax collections, and rising deficits, and a devalued currency. But any South American should know this already. Governments in South America have forced this to happen again and again.
You happen to think that inflation is something out of an economist book! bollocks! Inflation is mostly controled by imperialism to influence in domestic issues in other countries. DO YOU KNOW WHAT US DOES PRINTINNG UNLIMITED QUANTITY OF DOLLARS?? they fucking inject it when they please or hate some govs... plus they influence oligarchies in other countries to make prices go up just to control govs... you happen to know a lot about NOTHING! you dont even know what imperialism is! sorry for you... oh yeah you live in nice Canada that will never be attacked by imperialism as we have been her in the south... go play hockey dude. And you keep talking about South American govs like if you really knew us, get over it, you know NOTHING. Peron government was NOT socialist, maybe he would have really liked it to be, but was NOT. Compare him to Allende for example. Reading other comments of yours, it seems you believe that imperialism must be an "conspiracy", pity on you. It must be very comfortable to live an life in the north not being attacked by it. But we here in the south, the ones that really understand geopolitics understand what imperialism does or we unleas try to understand it. The damage done is too much.

Summary:
no because there is no rice shortage.
There is a Rice shortage ...
There's no rice shortage in the US.
are you talking about argentina?
It was the most short-sighted thing I think your government has done)...
The government is being short-sighted with this intervention in the free market.
This "rational" farmers of yours, we could send them to your country if you much like them!!!
We have rational farmers in Canada.
China is also affected and has stopped exporting to other countries as well.
Something is really happening, here in Argentina the government is having big problems with producers of food too.
The Chinese lack of rice exports and the shortage of rice did not influence each other.
you dont even know what imperialism is!
There is an currently a rice shortage in Asia.
The rice shortage is a phantom menace.
Governments in South America have forced this to happen again and again.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
