Original Response:
And you'd think "oh, well, at least it was just one guy, her father, and not representative of a larger group..."

But no.  In another more in-depth story on this killing, her extended family helped give her "unclean" body an unmarked ditch burial, complete with uncles spitting on her body.
Thank you America, for allowing these people their religious freedom. Saddam would never have allowed these people to practice their barbaric customs.
Nobody could have foreseen...
Arabs are some fucked up people. If not for the oil the entire region would be as poor and desolate as Africa.
Um, wow.  Ignorance must be bliss.
Before the American invasion, [this wouldn't have happened](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saddam_Hussein#Modernization_program).
At what point is something no longer culture, but just plain evil?
Well, Saddam kept them in check until the US fucked the region.
Correct, Saddam was like Santa Klaus. He could be anywhere in Iraq at anytime to stop honor killings.
Not really but hey, continue to use vague sound bites to define extremely complicated situations.
[deleted]
..meanwhile occupation troops killed 40 Iraqis at a Baghdad checkpoint by 'accident' in the last 24 hours.
Bush and his allies are definitely guilty of creating the environment in Iraq that could produce chaos, but they are not guilty of inventing the culture of these assholes. The only people to blame here, like with most of the killing in Iraq, are the Iraqis.
The point at which the culture fails to host a liberal democracy with Western style civil rights.
You just made my day.
Cultural relativist's worst nightmare; good luck arguing this one.
"In Basra alone, 15 women a month are murdered for breeching dress code customs".
C'mon Redditors, lets hear that argument about how it is not the fault of Islam. You know the one. Somehow American foreign policy made this man stab his daughter to death. Made those people kill that guy for teaching girls. That jerk republican's S.U.V is the reason that families regularly sell their preteen daughters into marriage with old men. Religion is a disease.
I wish they would create a Reddit specifically for the South so I wouldn't have to read the bullshit comments which come from there.

You have the galls to invade a country, turn it into shit, and then blame the Iraqis for having to resort to barbarism. When you put a normal individual in prison-like conditions they will become more violent. It's adaptation, learn it. 

I'll ask you this, how much of the barbarism in the Middle East is a direct response to years of Western interference and brutality?
"become"?
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt; "In Basra alone, 15 women a month are murdered for breeching dress code customs". C'mon Redditors, lets hear that argument about how it is not the fault of Islam.

It's not the fault of Islam **because it also happens in non-Islamic areas**. How fucking difficult is this concept to for you to understand?

By the way, **there were no dress codes during Saddams regime**. Women even made up half of university students. Now they have to wear burkhas. USA! USA! USA!
[Damn those Christians](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/7371043.stm). Explain that one. 

(edit: or mod me down if you have nothing to counter it with. I'll take each downmod here to be a tacit agreement.)
Fables are fables. The children did not have an established infrastructure and institutions to prevent that level of degeneration.
'become'?

When were honor killings ever anything but a means to subjugate women to the will of men?
Definetly fucked up that whole world war 1 and 2 thing.
[deleted]
Oh... now we have to blame the SUV owners.

Great.
&gt; "I couldn't protect her because I got threats from my brother, the whole tribe. They insisted they were gong to kill us all, not only Du'a, if she was not killed."

It really is a different world there. I can't imagine any father in my country not standing between his daughter and her executioners.

Nor do I believe the respective fathers' claims of wanting justice after not defending the women before their deaths. Surely if you cared about the human rights of women, and the impending death of your daughter, you'd pack up your family's belongings and leave for a more liberal part of Iraq.
&gt;I wish they would create a Reddit specifically for the South so I wouldn't have to read the bullshit comments which come from there.

Such as assuming all idiotic comments come from southerners?

As someone living in the south, I extend to you a hearty "fuck you". There's idiots all over the place and good people all over the place too. 

Edit: As a sidenote, I was born up north, and thought the south would be full of idiots, but I moved here and changed my mind. Of course, I probably would have matured out of that attitude anyways, as I hope most adults would.
We'd better invade them quick and bring them some democracy! Oh wait ...
..brought to them by gunpoint.
How do you say something so stupid and get modded up? [Several](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honor_killing#Honor_killing_in_national_legal_codes) Middle Eastern countries have made it legal.
[deleted]
if 40 of those Iraqis are fathers who are willing to kill their daughters over nothing, then I don't give a shit
Right on man! No daughter of mine is going to be interested in a man outside of my culture! Stabbing is a perfect response! Screw the West and its so called civil rights.
So are you saying when America gets invaded if my daughter dates a white man I have to kill her????  Cause we got invaded?????

This makes no sense.  I must be a moron.
Austrian guy who kept his daughter in the cellar and raped her over a period of several decades having seven or so kids with her. It's a BBC News link, very much safe for work IMHO. 

My point was that all areas have their asshats and their families regularly tolerate it, and in this case possibly even enable it.
Honor killing didn't recently "become" a weapon to subjugate women.  It has been a practice for decades if not centuries in countries under islamic law.  There have even been stories of american immigrants attempting such things against their female relatives.  Although I don't agree with what America is doing in Iraq, America is not to blame for this incident or others like it.
Anyone who links this to Islam is an absolute idiot.

It happens in Muslim, Hindu and Christian communities. It's a culture practice and not something that has to do with Islam.
Yeh cause only us Americans are here. AMERICA FUCK YAH!

Let me ask you this, what caused the warring tribes of Islam before the muslim religion existed?

America.  Yeh we still had another 1800-2000 years before we kicked off, but it was western influence that caused all of those tribes to fight for hundreds/thousands of years.

Damn southerners!!! With their sweet tea and hospitality!
Iraq was one 1000 times better off with Saddam than now. It's Iraqis who say it..
&gt;I wish they would create a Reddit specifically for the South...

Who mods something like that up? 

Do you really think that there aren't idiots from all over the place who make "bullshit comments?"

Where are you from?
The ignorant practice of a religion comes from generations of people who have not been schooled enough to form their own opinions on a subject and find nothing wrong with the practices of their forefathers. You cannot learn from your mistakes if you fail to see beyond the scope of the one-sided teachings you have learned all your life.

It would be just as wrong to blame the Republicans for this as it would be to blame Islam. There is no single factor that is to be blamed here. Many of the things you've listed (pre-teen marriages, killing for teaching girls) are more the result of an uneducated and impoverished society and not religion.
I bet the American government made them do that.  We don't have to but Iraqi's do because its not the Iraqi government that is making those decisions and setting policy its America.

MORON! MORON! MORON!
When the ancient asian/Japanese cultures used them for males specifically.
Oh, it is.  *Eats a steak made of ones and zeroes*
My point is that your arguments of that of a man with little understanding of culture and a lot of experience comparing beans to bears.
Evil may be defined as unnecessary suffering. If any culture has parts that cause people to unnecessarily suffer, then those parts are evil.

Was it necessary to kill her? Nope
Did it cause her and others to suffer? Yes

Judgement: EVIL and it has nothing to do with east or west.
All cultures are equal and we should celebrate the diversity. 

Or so I've been told.
There is a subtle difference between those "honour" killings and the Austrian fucktard: Society is at shock and its judicial institutions engage on solving the problem. True, there are monsters in both societies, but what is worrisome is that in the Islamic region this is seen as business as usual.
Because its retarded and has fuck all to do with the subject?  Thats just a guess in the dark though so don't take my word for it.
We should just rely on them to make the best decisions for themselves!  Oh wait ...
Except that's an isolated case, honor killings are not.
Yes - precisely.
Are you getting downmodded for being...right?
you could get fired for reading the BBC News web site?
You could blame a dogs nutsack for everything and it doesn't make it true.
&gt; what is worrisome is that in the Islamic region this is seen as business as usual.

[citation needed]

Where are the groups of people saying this was a good thing? Do you watch Iraqi news much? Now, I don't know this one way or another, but I'm not about to jump to a racist conclusion inbred into me by decades of anti-middle east propaganda. 

Remember, the Iraqis largely think that *all* Americans are pro-regime change in Iraq. Is this a correct assumption on their part? Because it looks like business as usual to me.
US invades Iraq.  1million iraqi people die.  Hundreds of thousands/millions more injured. Thousands of American troops injured/dead.  Our culture of greed/oil/stupidity at electing leaders caused this.  

US culture = evil.  
Muslim culture that kills girls = evil.  

"It's not about East or West. It's about niggaz and bitches, power and money, riders and punks.  Which side are you on?  "
How about those honor killings not done in the name of Islam...oh wait, we're not supposed to count then.
most likely not.
"Human sacrifices were a part of Mayan culture." Discuss.
Thank you for responding. 

I agree with you completely on the fact that reprobates are found in all human cultures. 

I just find the apologists that try to "rationalize" these types of behaviour absurd.
&gt; America is not to blame for this incident or others like it.

Disagree... America is now administering Iraq, and if they got into that hotbed then it is up to them to apply the law. At least Saddam tried modernizing the country.
[deleted]
That may be why they called westerners "barbarians".
You have got to be kidding me! Shit, there was an almost identical case just six months before in the same damn country, with an abducted child being held for many years for sexual abuse by multiple adults.

Look at the history of the Catholic church and child abuse. Are you seriously suggesting that we are moralistic than the middle east?
i dont get why he is being downmodded?  he's saying if a country doesn't offer western style civil rights or have a democracy then that country is evil.  i agree with the civil rights part being necessary but i think our country has both and still does some pretty evil things within our culture.
i dont get your response to "The point at which the culture fails to host a liberal democracy with Western style civil rights."  
plz explain.  im lost.
&gt; American interference in non-Western affairs always seems to end badly.

ahh... if that was [only true](http://archives.cnn.com/2000/WORLD/americas/09/19/us.cia.chile.ap/)
&gt; I bet the American government made them do that. 

Yup. You systematically removed all government measures that stop people behaving like animals. 

Much like New Orleans. LA riots. NYC power cuts. Need I go on?
[deleted]
The suggestion here is the middle eastern people have no morals and, for lack of a better term, are "evil". 

The west has done worse. Far worse. I just wish more of you would accept this from time to time. 

Bad shit happens all over. Using it as hate propaganda can be almost as bad as the act itself.
I'll rationalize rape if you give me the time. All human behaviour is explainable. It doesn't mean it's excusable.
Was there any part in my comment that stated the behavior was excusable?
Yeah, and what is "unnecessary suffering" then? It certainly could be argued that stoning teenage girls constitutes an essential part of their moral system, making it necessary and therefore--not evil.
We should be celebrating diversity, not condemning it. Isn't honor a valuable cultural asset?
Two isolated cases that have NOTHING to do with  culture or religion. I don't know why you're trying to put words in my mouth, I don't recall commenting on the catholic church or anything aside from your comment about the girls in Austria. 

Personally I'm not a fan of religion or the shit that comes along with it good or bad.
I seem to recall something in the article about "being stoned in front of a crowd of 2000 people"
[deleted]
&gt;It's about niggaz and bitches

You had me at niggaz and bitches, you had me at niggaz and bitches.
More important, he had their *hearts and minds*, they wouldn't even think about honor killings with Saddam around.
I think this is the only reasonably moral answer if you believe in human rights.  I would argue that a culture is evil when it fails to provide the human rights in the U.N. Charter, which are more extensive than the U.S. Bill of Rights.

I believe that ALL humans have the same rights irrespective of any incidental status such as what culture or country they happen to live in.  If a culture or country violates those rights then it's done an evil.  I don't get why people can't see this.  I think all the mistakes of colonialism make Westerners uncomfortable about asserting values.
I forgot to reply to a certain comment and ended up replying to the actual article.
ahh, . . Blind ignorant patriotism, the **best** kind of patriotism.  I suppose you read what I typed, but can you understand it as well?
Put your mouse pointer over the link. Look at the bottom left of your browser window. You should see the URL.
A simple test can show whether or not stoning teenage girls is necessary for maintaining the level of morality.

If there exists a reasonable person, and you prove to him that stoning girls is not essential for upholding any sort of moral code then it will make sense to him/her. 

I concede that this test will not work on unreasonable people who are unwilling to test their beliefs.
Why were the sacrifices necessary? They weren't.

The population may have been deluded by the mayan priests into believing that it was necessary for some reason, but a simple test could have proved them wrong. 

So for an open minded person who is willing to test his/her beliefs, this practice of human sacrifice is unnecessary and evil.
You missed the numerous reports of this happening among large crowds of cheering fans and that video that was posted? 

You're correct in saying this does happen in many cultures or various reasons but I don't think it's fair to deny that this is a serious issue. I also don't think ti's comparable to the cases in Austria due to the  way each society responded.
&gt;The suggestion here is the middle eastern people have no morals and, for lack of a better term, are "evil".

That's all you got out of this, a shame really.

&gt;The west has done worse. Far worse. I just wish more of you would accept this from time to time.

Especially the British, Spanish, and French.

&gt;Bad shit happens all over. Using it as hate propaganda can be almost as bad as the act itself.

Good thing they aren't doing that.
Can you link to the more in-depth story?
http://skeptoid.com/episodes/4032
[deleted]
I am not saying they think of this as a good thing, I am saying they see this as business as usual. Just scanned the [Al Jazeera webpage](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/736515E4-37CE-4242-8A5F-854381D9DFEE.htm). There is not a single mention about this or [any other "honor" killings](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/69764E50-EF4D-4A24-BAAC-19EBF8C42B89.htm?PageIndex=1&amp;SearchText=honor). By the prevalecense of these type of murders, I would assume that Islamic folk have taken this to be a part of the "daily" life.
Thank you for showing me that! I am ignorant of one less thing in the universe.
Culture is not born out of necessity. The sacrifices may not have been necessary but you can easily argue they were a fundamental part of their religious beliefs, and hence culture.
This is nothing new.

It happens in 'civilised' countries like England all the time. It's a fucking disgrace.

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/london/6722699.stm
I agree that they were but that doesn't make them right. 

I try to think of cultural tolerance as described ahead:

If they were eating their relative's dead bodies then that's fine because they aren't harming any one. Gross in our culture, but not in theirs. So, this would be one scenario where cultural tolerance is needed.

If they are eating their relatives alive, or chopping off their body parts for magical powers then they are harming people for no reason at all and that would be evil and wrong.
When murder becomes acceptable.
Heck, it even predates islamic law.
so what's the deeper meaning here then?  that it takes a crazy dictator to rein these crazies in?
A few years ago, Space Shuttle Columbia was destroyed killing everyone on board.

Our culture justifies these deaths because, in return for their "sacrifice" (though, admittedly, it was a voluntary risk), we have gained (or had the potential to gain) some scientific knowledge.

Using your own definitions, is the manned space program evil or not evil?
I just want to thank the author of the title for not mentioning Muslim or Islam and relating it to this Barbaric act.  This is against Islam and it is completey disgusting.  - From a Muslim American
It could also certainly be argued that raping and murdering children is a constitutes an essential part of X's moral system, therefore making it not evil? Fine, then anything and everything becomes acceptable so long as the majority of a given culture find it so. Congrats, you just demonstrated why moral subjectivism leads to horrible, evil actions being considered OK.
Isolated? I just saw on BBC News the sentencing of two 16-year-olds who kicked a girl to death for being a goth. Here in Glasgow people get killed over religion regularly, although things have improved vastly over the last ten years.
And your society supports those actions? I think that may be the difference here, cultural institution. Are those people not being prosecuted? There is a big difference between random acts of violence and 2,000 people showing up to stone someone based on larger cultural issues.

&gt;In Basra alone, police acknowledge that 15 women a month are murdered for breaching Islamic dress codes. Campaigners insist it is a conservative figure.
Of course, it's a very serious issue. But the way it is being presented is also an issue IMHO. 

WRT to cheering along murders, I'm sure I could cite may instances of this in the west. Not so much in the past fifty years ago, but there was once a time where lynching was acceptable. And, IIRC, it happened several times as punishment for blacks dating whites. Modern cheering of violence is probably limited only to sports-fan assaults now, but it happens.

The case with "cheering" isn't this one by the way, it's an earlier stoning of a girl of which there was horrific footage posted online. And they were not an Islam village, they were Yazidi as mentioned in the article.
 
I just think that this "us good, them evil" is an attitude that leads to far more problems.
While I agree with the point you are making about media coverage, a search for "honor" on Al Jazeera is hardly conclusive. For one, you used the US spelling. Al Jazeera has it's root in the English BBC. 

If you search for "[honour killing](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/69764E50-EF4D-4A24-BAAC-19EBF8C42B89.htm?PageIndex=3&amp;SearchText=honour)" you will find quite a few stories. Also, I question the use of the term itself; if you could find the local saying for this type of violence then I'm sure you will find a lot more.
[Like these crowds?](http://www.withoutsanctuary.org) You can likely find similar examples in any culture.

The point I'm failing to make is that this is normal "humanity". We suck. 

edit: the one in the article about the large crowd is a different case, performed by a Yazidi village, not an Islamic one. Big difference. As I said, it's cultural, not religious.
&gt; And your society supports those actions?

Well, clearly not the case I just mentioned, but "gangsters" have long been venerated in popular culture. From the Italian mob to London's gangs, violence is still admired. The Kray's for example were celebrities in the UK. Look at the recent popularity of The Sopranos. 

&gt; &gt; In Basra alone, police acknowledge that 15 women a month are murdered for breaching Islamic dress codes.

Something that never happened prior to "regime change" incidentally. All cultures evolve at different rates, at one point the middle east was far ahead of the rest of the planet. We've just set Iraq back about fifty years and this is what I'm angry about.
I would if Reddit's search weren't so terrible :)
It's okay. Welcome to reddit.
And people fear atheists...
I don't think that comparison really works. Like you said, it was a *voluntary* risk; the astronauts went not only for communal scientific knowledge, but for personal ambition, curiosity, fame, prestige, etc (and maybe [six figures](http://www.nasa.gov/centers/kennedy/about/information/astronaut_faq.html#5) too!). The most you could get out of that in cultural terms is that perhaps that our culture deems personal loss for scientific advancement (or more generally, individual loss for the gain of many) noble. I wouldn't say that's unique to any one culture.
It seems obvious that if given an opportunity to gain power, the clergy will seize it and use it to influence the people. Saddam decapitated any and all radical clergy, which solidified his reign. It would seem that his decapitations served a purpose beyond fearmongering alone, he used them to stabilize a country that had potential to dissolve into what we are seeing now.
I have to concur with your point, Saddam might have been a dictator and did not view use of violence to solidify his rule a problem, but he managed to create the only secular state in the region. Sharia law existed only in personal injury suits, everywhere else, it was eradicated. The US invasion and the removal of Saddam destroyed all that. Now Iraq is basking in de facto Sharia law. In a way, the US invasion hurled Iraq about 40 years into the past. Mission Accomplished!
The same happens in the west in the absence of police. "These crazies" are us all.
It's an "OR" search, prepend the terms with + and you will have more success.
You know, I like that definition a lot.
Did I say there was? Read my post again. I was suggesting that rationalisation is not necessarily a bad thing.
No, they aren't terrorists.  That's utter BS.  I would hope that all of us Americans would behave just as admirably if our country were invaded.

(Hehehehe... Hey, similar comments have gotten hundreds and hundreds of  UP votes recently, so I'm really looking forward to all that good karma coming my way.)
Do you really think anyone in their right mind that would argue that point?
No, but as this story suggests there are a lot of people out there who are not in the their right mind.
[deleted]
On the other hand, it's probably what the people of Iraq actually want.
So tell me, Redditors:

Is sending in troops to prevent such breeches of Western norms of civilization justified?

And are you willing to put your own ass on the line so your wives, daughters, and sisters have the "freedom" to run around?
As if 90% of reddit readers wouldn't kill their own daughter for trying to marry a soldier...
And you think we do?
Exactly.  Evil is evil.  Cultural relativism is for idiots.
The guy who killed the girl is undeniably evil.  Anyone who agrees with what he did is also undeniably evil.  There's really no arguing this point.
Rape and murder happens in America. This is a great way to make a people look barbaric by expanding a single case study. 

If you wanted to spin things against the west you could take a case of rape or domestic violence in America, and then extrapolate conclusions about our population or culture. Especially since it's as widespread if not more here in the states. 

Yes women's rights have eroded in the middle east. they also have eroded here. 

yet, all of sudden everyone on reddit is better than all Arabs.
By your logic, every murder, rape and mugging that happens in Britain is the fault of the people of Britain.  All of them.

Try pulling your head out of your ass and wrapping your brain around this concept:  the only person responsible for you actions is *you*.  You kill someone, you and you alone are the murderer.
whereas moral absolutism has shown great strides before...
I always love the argument against moral relativism because it allows absolute evil. Moral relativism says there are no absolute positions of judgment, it doesn’t mean that everything is good, or nothing is evil, it means there is no universal ethical stand point from which all other cultures can be judged.  Since it is impossible to exist outside of culture you will always be able to make relativist judgments about evil.  The most ridiculous thing is moral relativists who try to make absolute claims about ethics (i.e. everything is permitted because everything is relative).
I know it's not possible, but I would love it if all women just left the region and abandoned the men.
But then what is not moral subjectivism?
At least in Israel only the Muslim Arabs engage in honor killings. Christian Arabs don't.
what Christian communities?
So would I be able to prove that wrong by demonstrating an instance of such?
That we had *absolutely no business* in Iraq.
I've got a fairly simple definition for evil: someone is evil if they derive enjoyment by causing non-consensual pain and/or suffering to others. All of these elements have to exist for me to label someone as "evil".

I classify someone as "dangerous" if they cause non-consensual pain and/or suffering to others, but doesn't derive enjoyment from the act. This might be the case where someone sincerely believes they are working for some "higher" purpose, like the greater good, or for some ideology, or if they are completely amoral &amp; are causing pain to accomplish some selfish goal without really caring whether it hurts someone or not (sociopath).

As far as how society responds to someone who is either "evil" or "dangerous", the reaction will probably be the same: try to stop that person from hurting anyone, either by imprisonment, incapacitation or death.
I don't know if you could fault Islam in cases of honor killings. There are many other Muslim cultures that don't practice it, and there are other non-Muslim cultures that do practice it.  

Yes, you could blame the US because before their invasion and subsequent occupation, I believe honor killings were not the norm.
Probably not the majority though. I'm sure there is a group that does want this, just as there is a group that didn't want to see Saddam leave.
I cannot debate on that point seeing as i am not, or have ever been, in Iraq. 

However, i can only assume that all the democracy in the world does not mean anything if your daily life is in constant peril.
Or is to that there is so much hatred against the occupiers that you will actually kill your own flesh and blood...!!!
While moral subjectivism (same as relativism?) might lead to horrible actions being *considered* OK, it would seem that it is moral absolutism that leads to the evil actions occurring in the first place.
Hmm... In many (most?) Nazi-occupied countries in Europe women who associated with German soldiers weren't treated too nicely either... perhaps not often killed, but universally shunned... was it right? I dunno, you tell me...
Murder is, by definition, unacceptable. Killing, on the other hand, is often considered acceptable. In war, for instance. Capital punishment. Self defense. Etc. Etc. When you want to say that such killing is unacceptable, you call it murder.
One might say that Saddam Hussein was the only thing holding Iraq together. I don't think you could make a general rule out of it, but in this case, yes.
&gt; i think the history books will be kinder to Saddam than they will to Bush/Blair

Depends on who writes them.
In times a crisis, it is the established infrastructure that allows those in power to accelerate degeneration. In Iraq, it is clergy (religion). In the US, it might be corporations combined with extreme nationalism.
&gt; Surely if you cared about the human rights of women, and the impending death of your daughter, you'd pack up your family's belongings and leave for a more liberal part of Iraq.

Off topic, but I wonder how many conservatives fail to see the connection between the term "liberal" and freedom from oppression, reason, and cultural "enlightenment." You almost never see the word used in this way in the US. Liberal is almost always associated with moral decay in the media. Is it just generally accepted that that we have enough liberalism? Are we done advancing and suddenly clinging to religion and so called "traditional" values is the way to go?

Seems to me that the religious fundamentalism that goes on in the Middle East should be serving as a wakeup call to fundamentalists over here. There isn't a whole lot of difference between the two, in spirit.
Any irrational aspect of any culture is evil. Culture is false unless it is in line with reality and universally preferable behavior (i.e. don't kill or steal).
I'm reminded of the movie "Dogville" with Nicole Kidman. It is eerie to think of just how easily that plot could work out in the real world... even the good ol' US of A.
(1)The children were "saved" by adults commiting the same acts on a greater scale. 

(2)There does exist an infrastructure and institutions that try, be it poorly so, to prevent us from degenerating into beasts.
It is the people that ultimately choose to degenerate. It all comes down to individual choice.
The ones that were thriving in Iraq before the war.  Not surprisingly, their communities are as scattered and bloodied as the other religious minorities within an increasingly sectarian Iraq.
Sure, but it is infrastructure and institutions that allow those that chose to degrade to put their plans into action. How far would Hitler, for example, have gotten if he hadn't had the the all powerful force of nationalism to bind the people together in his cause? Patriotism can all too easily be manipulated for evil purposes.
&gt; Every murder, rape and mugging that happens in Britain is the fault of the people of Britain. 

It is not the *fault* of the people of Britain, but it is their responsibility dealing with them. Justice procurement is a responsibility of the state, if the state fails to deal with them, then it's the responsibility of the folks to change the state. 

&gt; the only person responsible for you actions is you. 

I never claimed otherwise, you are putting words in my mouth. My only claim is that it is responsibility of the State to run the justice system, which in the case of  Iraq lies on the current puppet government (and ultimately in the US administration).
But isn't it ultimately the people that allow themselves to be manipulated. I know when I am thinking or commiting an act that is improper, be it forced or voluntary; my physiology alerts me by an increase in heart rate and it is ultimately I who chooses to engage or omit an action based on the result of that physiological experience. Does not every individual ultimately choose to act or not to act?
By your definaition we are all "dangerous." Who can claim to have never caused pain and suffering? In some cases it is unavoidable, and in others prudent. A parent punishes their children out of necessity for example.
Disagree women's rights have eroded here (US). When have they been better?
probably the only good thing Saddam Hussein ever did was to keep these things from happening.
[deleted]
No it wasn't right.
I hate you fucking relativists that whenever something brutal and awful happens, you respond with "Hey, worse things have happened.  In our own country too!"

Guess what, I'm outraged by that too.  That doesn't mean that these people didn't do something reprehensible.
Slavery was once part of US culture.  That doesn't make it morally right, by any means.
&gt; someone is evil if they derive enjoyment by causing non-consensual pain and/or suffering to others. All of these elements have to exist for me to label someone as "evil".

What about if someone causes non-consensual pain and suffering in someone else not because they enjoy it but just because it benefits them?

For example, consider a mercenary.  Suppose a mercenary receives $50,000 for every person they kill.  And suppose they don't enjoy killing but simply regard it as an easy way to get $50,000.  Is this person evil?  Your definition fails to include them.

Side note:  defining "evil" pretty much requires defining right and wrong, which is a notoriously thorny philosophical topic.  Do you base it on a divinely-inspired set of rules?  Are you a [utilitarian](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utilitarianism)?  Are you an absolutist or a relativist?  You get the idea.
I agree that moral absolutism can lead to some hideous things, for instance burning heretics at the stake and stuff like that.  On the other hand, moral relativism can also lead to some bad stuff.  It can degenerate into "as long as I can convince *myself* that it's OK, then it's OK" thinking, which is also a real problem.
Modded upwards for the succinct statement, "everything is permitted because everything is relative", which so clearly points out the fallacious reasoning that a moral relativist with bad intentions might use (or that an absolutist might use in critcising moral relativists).
Of course you are right, but I don't see how it changes the role of institutions and infrastructure. In many ways, institutions such as religion serve as rally points for people have *chosen* to degenerate. Allowing them to act on scales unheard of in mere anarchical situations.
Modded up for not letting the parent poster off the hook with an easy "it's murder; therefore, it's wrong" point of view.
Can you give a single example in history of moral relativism leading to large scale atrocities? I can't. 

The thing is, if you accept that somebody might legitimately disagree with your actions, then you're more likely to give it a second thought and perhaps listen to reason. But if you've decided that what you're doing is absolutely right with no room for disagreement, then you're not going to listen to reason. 

Bottom line is that moral realtivism leaves room for reason, debate, and diplomacy.
I think it is primarily a result of the perception of infrastructure and institutions to uphold society, when it is the individual that society ultimately rests it's hefty weight. We have in many ways lost our autonomy by not producing our own food and tools; trading personal freedom for dependence on heavy industry to sustain us, and for what, free time infront of a television that dilutes our cognitive prowess and pharmacuticals or other drugs to dull the pain.
The deeper meaning, in practical terms, is that creating a power vacuum is dangerous.

Especially when there are elements within the country (and ones willing to enter the country) who are just waiting for the opportunity to exploit such a power vacuum to further their own ends.

And it's a little more disappointing considering that creating a power vacuum is a bit of an amateur mistake.

Heck, even my entry-level college US history textbook had an entire chapter called "Defining the Revolution", which essentially delved into the question, "Hey, now that America has her independence, who will win the contest to decide what that means?".  And the answer was that it took decades to decide what it meant, with strong-government traditionalists and limited-government people fighting it out.  It took about a decade for the US to decide to ditch the Articles of Confederation and replace it with the US Constitution.

Likewise, look at how much back and forth action has gone on in Russia in the post-USSR days.  First there was a lot of friendly love-everybody glastnost, and now there is a bunch of we-like-a-strong-leader Putin in its place.

Also, look at every land the US has invaded and later tried to spin off into a separate democracy.  Look at the history of the Philippines, for example.  How long did it take before the US could remove itself and the country was stable on its own?  It was a thorny issue with no easy solution for decades.

I'm just a computer programmer.  I basically don't know jack shit about history.  But that's what I know about what happens when you waltz into a country and take out its leadership.  If it was unstable enough that you could waltz in and take over in the first place, it's going to have problems that are not easy to fix, and it's not going to be easy to leave it in a stable condition 5 years later.
You could certainly look at that guy in Austria who, the world recently found out, kept his 42-year-old daughter locked in the basement for two decades, and forced her to have at least 6 children after over 30 years of sexual abuse.

If you extrapolate that guy to represent all of Austria, you're going to think Austria is a horrible, barbaric place.

On the other hand, the Middle East *seems* to, as far as I can tell, have pockets of people who actually find this sort of honor-killing stuff socially-acceptable.  You can't say that about Austria as much; that guys neighbors were horrified.
Where's the evidence that this guy was a Christian?  The article says he was an Austrian.  Are all Austrians Christians now?  Has Christianity become the state religion of Austria?
&gt; I think it is primarily a result of the perception of infrastructure and institutions to uphold society, when it is the individual that society ultimately rests it's hefty weight.

Now we've come full circle and you've managed to completely contradict what you originally said:

&gt; The children did not have an established infrastructure and institutions to prevent that level of degeneration.

Now you are saying that it is all about the individuals and the infrastructure is more or less an illusion.
I covered that under my definition for "dangerous".
If you're talking about pain &amp; suffering that people cause without knowing about it, then I'm going to have to accuse you of picking nits. There's no point in trying to establish a behaviorial link when there is no feedback that someone can use to realize they are causing harm. My statement only applies to the situation where the person creating pain &amp; suffering has the opportunity to realize what they are doing (although they may deny it).

As far as causing short-term pain &amp; suffering for a long-term benefit (as in your example of punishing a child), that would probably still probably fall under dangerous, depending on how things turn out. Behavior-modification through violence can be a tricky thing, and many parents aren't exactly professionally trained to gauge how far they can go, and how effective they are being. (Most of them are just repeating the type of discipline applied to them by their parents.)

By stretching the concept of "non-consensual", I could say that if the child, as an adult, regards the punishment as beneficial, then things worked out. My definition of evil &amp; dangerousness is a little awkward in this situation, since it can't be fully applied until consequences have been established, but I still believe it's a decent rule of thumb to hold in mind when evaluating the "evilness" of a situation.
&gt; If you wanted to spin things against the west you could take a case of rape or domestic violence in America, and then extrapolate conclusions about our population or culture.

You're completely missing the point: the interesting question is whether or not it is socially acceptable.

Rape and domestic violence are very much not so in the West. Treating women like utter shit, to the point of murdering nieces, sisters, daughters, just for falling in love or not dressing "properly", seems to be socially *expected* in certain Middle Eastern / Islamic cultures.

Don't you see the difference?
&gt; It's not the fault of Islam because it also happens in non-Islamic areas.

Where exactly?

If you're thinking about that Kurdish girl, the religion there is strongly influenced by Islam.

I've never seen any media report of a honour killing (involving several family members planning and executing the murder, with backing from the society) happening anywhere but within Islamic culture.

Anyway, I think the question to ask is whether Islam perpetuates this attitude towards women, or helps getting rid of it. So far the evidence seems to be very much in line with the former -- or do you disagree?

&gt; By the way, there were no dress codes during Saddams regime. Women even made up half of university students. Now they have to wear burkhas. USA! USA! USA!

Replacing a secular dictator with a religiously fueled civil war was definitely not a good idea.  :-/
Ok, when casual killing becomes acceptable.

War is a last resort option, not a frigging holiday like Blair would have had us believe.
this is sadly not limited to islam or arabic culture. it happens in india (and other places) as well. the real issue is not the religion but the backwardness of a society that is run by men. these places need to learn to respect the rights of women as human beings. until this is done their entire culture/religion/race will continue to be considered barbaric and by people in the world who hold these rights as an absolute... this is still no excuse for the west to invade their countries in order to create a dividing proxy war to control the last fossil fuels.
Agreed. But 99% of the time it's being used as hate propaganda to justify war which is just as reprehensible.
Who's to say that the honour killings are done by Muslims? The same assumption applies there it seems. In fact, the case with the crowd cheering that every one is citing was not Muslim at all, it was an entirely different religion.
&gt; If you're thinking about that Kurdish girl, the religion there is strongly influenced by Islam.

[Not it isn't](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yazidi). It's influenced by Christianity as much as Islam. They worship completely different gods and have their own creation myth. They have a peacock god and worship their ancestors. 

&gt; I've never seen any media report of a honour killing (involving several family members planning and executing the murder, with backing from the society) happening anywhere but within Islamic culture.

Then pick up a history book. Women have been lynched by entire towns for dating other races (mostly blacks) as well as being killed for dating occupying forces such as the Nazi's in WW2. Here in Scotland they have been killed for following the wrong branch of Christianity. Some get killed as a part of child abuse, often including sexual abuse. 

&gt; Anyway, I think the question to ask is whether Islam perpetuates this attitude towards women, or helps getting rid of it. So far the evidence seems to be very much in line with the former -- or do you disagree?

Yes, I disagree. The teachings are actually against violence. However, like Christianity, the current followers bear little resemblance to the original intent of the religion.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Tuoché.
What kind of "casual" killing are you referring to? When has it ever been acceptable to just go around "casually" killing people for no good reason?

I doubt there's anything casual about honor killings, if that is what you're referring to.
Pain and suffering is not only caused by violence. Parents can punish children in nonviolent ways. That was only an example. What if a mentally handicapped person continues to hit a family member of yours on the street? If you respond violently are you then evil or dangerous? What if a rapist invades your home? At some point prudence will lead to pain and suffering. I think it's crazy to live thinking you can always keep everyone happy.
Murder is always wrong unless it is in self defence (from physical harm) - of a person or of a country (IE a valid war)

Such instances are very rare though.
Of course murder is always wrong. The problem is that the definition of murder seems to very flexible. 

How do you define a "valid" war? What if you're involved in a war that isn't directly defending your country?
Then the war would be immoral. Most wars are.
Saddam was pro-Western secularist. His removal paved the way for the return of tribal stupidity and burkas. It didn't help the US traded women's rights for oil either. So yes, the US is to blame, get the facts right before you type next time.
So then, you honestly believe that the line of causality from the toppling of the Saddam regime to this man stabbing to death his own daughter is so straight and manifest that it's inherently the 'fault' of the US?


Where exactly were you 'taught' to 'think', because they've done you a grave injustice.

yes, you do indeed have some facts right, yet they have nothing to do with the subject at hand.

If you genuinely believe that Saddam stopped this kind of thing from happening, then there is very little that i could do to stem the tide of your narrow self serving world view.


Put the tinfoil hat back on and enjoy the ride.
It has nothing to do with the fact at hand? Saddam Hussein was a pro-western, pro-secular dictator under whose rule women's rights were much better than they are now.

Then again, maybe i should've said "thank you Bush jr.", since Saddam and his buds were helped/kept in power by every US President since Kennedy.
I agree with a few things you said, but 

Honestly, how *exactly* do American policies either propping up  or tearing down a regime, make this individual kill his own daughter?

Please draw out the line of causality because as much as I've tried, I cannot see a correlation whatsoever.

Summary:
Muslim culture that kills girls = evil.
I don't know if you could fault Islam in cases of honor killings.
I think that may be the difference here, cultural institution.
The only people to blame here, like with most of the killing in Iraq, are the Iraqis.
I don't get why people can't see this.
I agree that they were but that doesn't make them right.
It's a culture practice and not something that has to do with Islam.
And you think we do?
In our own country too!"
It's Iraqis who say it..
You kill someone, you and you alone are the murderer.
You know, I like that definition a lot.
I just think that this "us good, them evil" is an attitude that leads to far more problems.
I think this is the only reasonably moral answer if you believe in human rights.
I don't think you could make a general rule out of it, but in this case, yes.
Rape and murder happens in America.
That doesn't make it morally right, by any means.
"It's not about East or West.
It's influenced by Christianity as much as Islam.
Don't you see the difference?
As I said, it's cultural, not religious.
It would be just as wrong to blame the Republicans for this as it would be to blame Islam.
If a culture or country violates those rights then it's done an evil.
Pain and suffering is not only caused by violence.
The guy who killed the girl is undeniably evil.
I wouldn't say that's unique to any one culture.
Did I say there was?
Made those people kill that guy for teaching girls.
I am not saying they think of this as a good thing, I am saying they see this as business as usual.
I just wish more of you would accept this from time to time.
&gt; the only person responsible for you actions is you.
i agree with the civil rights part being necessary but i think our country has both and still does some pretty evil things within our culture.
Disagree women's rights have eroded here (US).
It really is a different world there.
Cultural relativism is for idiots.
&gt;It's about niggaz and bitches

You had me at niggaz and bitches, you had me at niggaz and bitches.
Arabs are some fucked up people.
Good thing they aren't doing that.
So are you saying when America gets invaded if my daughter dates a white man I have to kill her????
Slavery was once part of US culture.
I don't think that comparison really works.
The point I'm failing to make is that this is normal "humanity".
Do you really think anyone in their right mind that would argue that point?
That was only an example.
&gt; It's not the fault of Islam because it also happens in non-Islamic areas.
There's really no arguing this point.
Bad shit happens all over.
It is the people that ultimately choose to degenerate.
That we had *absolutely no business* in Iraq.
You almost never see the word used in this way in the US.
In Iraq, it is clergy (religion).
I always love the argument against moral relativism because it allows absolute evil.
&gt; I bet the American government made them do that.
Yes women's rights have eroded in the middle east.
Two isolated cases that have NOTHING to do with  culture or religion.
I am ignorant of one less thing in the universe.
i dont get your response to "The point at which the culture fails to host a liberal democracy with Western style civil rights."
Yeh cause only us Americans are here.
The west has done worse.
Saddam would never have allowed these people to practice their barbaric customs.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.57
