Original Response:
[deleted]
Oh get a life!  There are so many more important things to worry about.
Yeah they must be the most evil Corporation at the moment?

WTF?  If you are looking to boycott a company there are many much worthier ones!
Most of the ignorant hicks that would work themselves into a hissy fit over this non issue would never buy Absolut in the first place as the taste of it tends to ruin the palate's ability to appreciate the delicate notes of a Budweiser. Absolut ad execs, in spite of token gestures to appear contrite  , are no doubt in the privacy of their boardrooms falling over themselves in laughter interspersed with high fives at the  success of this campaign. One of the first dictums of publicity is that there is no such thing as bad publicity. Absolut is simply brilliant.
i give you points for having a decent vocabulary hwkns however you missed the whole point. The point is not to boycott this company although its probably the right thing to do. The point is to take a hard look at the way corporations do business in the world today. For mankind to prosper in the future I'm thinking that our largest citizens, the corporations are going to have to look at profit as secondary and accountability as primary. The pharama industry is another one that is out of control. If I or you were to give or sell someone something we knew would harm them we could be held accountable. However right now there is legislation making it's way through congress that would basically make the pharama indisty immune from lawsuits......legitimate or illegitimate  it matters not. So Mr hwkns this doesn't sound wrong to you? Probably not. You have already made up your mind about me.
You should start by boycotting General Electric, AT&amp;T, etc.

That map is actually historically correct. That used to be Mexico, until US Expansionist policies took it away by both war and what amounts to an unfair purchase.

It's a simple game of "what if?" designed to make you linger on the advertisement and remember it better.

And, well, I'd hate to live in your USA where you felt so threatened and unsure of our country to want to boycott a company you probably don't even patronize in the first place.

That's some shaky mental territory and ambiguity, right there. What, did Mexico go nuclear recently? Or is this really all about how you personally feel about the "immigration problem"?
i have in my past drank Absolut vodka, however i have never been a big fan of vodka at any time. I'm more of a Captain Morgan type of fella. In any case I am unhappy with the state of affairs in my country right now. I am not alone. Recent polls show that 90% of the people in this country thinks it is headed in the wrong direction. And Mexico is more of a problem than just immigration. What about the armed drug dealers that are killing  
people here and on the border. What about the  
slavery in Mexico. Hell what about the slavery in the southwest if you believe that story about the compound that was marring off little girls to old men down in Texas. Anyway you spin it Mexico is a problem and just may be the United States of America's next war if something is not done diplomatically now. Yea maybe I am a sensationalist but I do believe in what i talk about and I do research what I talk about. Can you say the same.
And for the record I have nothing against any one of any color that migrates here using the legal methods available to anyone who wishes to come to this country. But i have a real problem when idiots say they belong here when them and their government did nothing for over 100 years to try and solve the problem. Now is not the time.
I am not so sure that we disagree all that much at all. my comment on the Absolut kerfluffle is all about throwing powder in the eyes of people and creating a phony target. All Absolut did was to turn a real American history lesson into a clever ad campaign. The real problem concerning the border is that there are two posters on it; one says  NO TRESPASSING and the one says; HELP WANTED.   There are laws on the books that if enforced, would go a long way to stem the tide of illegal  immigration, i.e. by  going after big agro business corporations who employ them. There is over 375 billion dollars in escrow in a special social security account that is  essentially  money contributed by illegal workers in collusion  with big business who turn a blind eye to phony ss numbers. This is the result of a law passed in 1986 that requires employers to verify
employees to have valid ss numbers. There have been precious few prosecutions under
this law - in fact zero in the last year. Of course corporate business in bed with government is an outrageous  scandal whether one looks at big pharma, HMO's, KBR -
Bechtel, the ethanol  scam etc. Why even Boeing is one of the major contractors on the border fence(!?!)-a project that is a half hearted boondoggle by government and big business
as a sop to the voter who has to confront with worst aspects of illegal immigration such as elevated crime rates and added strains to social services who at the same time can't afford a latin maid and who quite haven't put the two and two together that under the present system illegal workers equal cheap food with the added benefit of a whopping gift contribution to our Social Security with little possibility of collecting. 
     I hope this clears a perceived misunderstanding. I merely wanted to point out in my initial response that Absolut is not the villain  of the piece - in fact they provided an important public service in pointing out an oft ignored historical reality. It's simply sad that a lot of people preferred to make it into their own hysterical reality. Sadder still is that these same people are under the illusion that the government is somehow responding in their interest by building a steel wall that will deter only the less connected. You might be interested to know that while many people living on the border are obliged to have land confiscated and views ruined by the wall, it will not be constructed on the land of some of those best connected to the Bush administration e.g. (Hunt family) as it might  ruin their view.

Summary:
And Mexico is more of a problem than just immigration.
by  going after big agro business corporations who employ them.
What about the  
slavery in Mexico.
The point is not to boycott this company although its probably the right thing to do.
If you are looking to boycott a company there are many much worthier ones!
What, did Mexico go nuclear recently?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
