Original Response:
We all know this.  We've read about it many times.  If you are from outside the USA and say this, it doesn't get heard.  If you are an American and say this, you are a traitor.  Your government knows whats up.  Don't be afraid to ask questions.
Because it was an inside job, wake up sheeple.
FYI:  The University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign is NOT the University of Chicago.  Pay attention to more than the web address.  We don't like being confused with "those people up there."
The problem is, it's being published in a UChicago Journal.

But I'm waving at all you fellow Maroons!
[deleted]
sheeple meme die die die
Nooooo, you think?
Well, [here you go](http://www.rense.com/1.imagesH/new_sheeple_dees.jpg)
Here's what I don't understand: Why don't law enforcement officials just investigate everyone buying put options in those issues on those days?

It seems to me that such an investigation would not only be possible but would also yield results.
Informed? About what?
They dropped the investigation.  You can dig up more info on one of the 9/11 conspiracy type sites.
Yes, it was an inside job of the terrorists who knew they were going to attack. Read the entire article sheeple.
From the [full text](http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/doi/full/10.1086/503645?cookieSet=1)

&gt;For example, on September 19 the CBS Evening News reported that the September 10 AMR put trading exceeded the call trading to such an extent that its sources had “never seen that kind of imbalance before” and the September 6 put and call trading on UAL was “extremely imbalanced.” The report closed by saying that “Now US investigators want to know whether Osama bin Laden was the ultimate inside trader; profiting from a tragedy he’s suspected of masterminding to finance his operations” (Attkisson 2001). University of Chicago finance professor George Constantinides said that the option market trading was “so striking that it’s hard to attribute it to chance. So something is definitely going on” (Roeder 2001). Other well-known academic experts such as Columbia University law professor John Coffee and Duke University law professor James Cox likewise suspected that some investors traded in the option market on foreknowledge of the attacks (Mathewson and Nol 2001). In addition, sophisticated option market participants such as Jon Najarian, founder of option specialist Mercury Trading, also concluded from the trading that somebody knew ahead of time that the attacks would occur (Atkinson and Fluendy 2001).
[Here's some context](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hd0Vwg6DVPI) -- short video.
I'd love to know WHO were the biggest option traders.   According to ABC News they were placing puts on some of the major airlines ...
First, there was an investigation, and you can trace all the contracts to sellers who must have american brokerage accounts. Whether this was followed through or not, I don't know. Perhaps a freedom of information act to the proper government bodies would be in order. (If anyone has a link to the investigation, I'd appreciate it)

I would have shorted AMR on Sept 10th. Just busted through new lows and formed a 50/200 MA death cross. It was falling off a cliff, mainly because airlines suck and they're all going bankrupt. And they just got an analyst downgrade. 

High volume by itself is not a big deal. Some bigger stats would be non-market maker volume and sharp increases in open interest (see Bear Stearns from 2 months back).

Anyways, here's the conclusion:

The option market volume ratios considered do not provide evidence of unusual option market trading in the days leading up to September 11. The volume ratios, however, are constructed out of long and short put volume and long and short call volume; simply buying puts would have been the most straightforward way for someone to have traded in the option market on foreknowledge of the attacks. A measure of abnormal long put volume was also examined and seen to be at abnormally high levels in the days leading up to the attacks. Consequently, the paper concludes that there is evidence of unusual option market activity in the days leading up to September 11 that is consistent with investors trading on advance knowledge of the attacks.
lol
Similar true statements can be said about the Shuttle O-ring fiasco.  The shuttle blew up and before anyone knew why, people were selling shares of the company who manufactured the O-ring.  Better details are in the book Wisdom of Crowds.  Groups and tracking finance activity can lead to accurate predictions.
Yet the puts could have been purchased well in advance of the day itself. Such close-date put purchases imply the attack either wasn't given the go ahead until very late in its planning period or was more impulsive than we've been led to believe.
Losing enthusiasm?
but if you were sneaky you could just buy vix futures
No surprise. 9/11 was an inside job. The perpetrators greed got the best of them.
Hope this isn't illegal but here's the conclusions of the article:

VI. Conclusion
Options traders, corporate managers, security analysts, exchange officials,
regulators, prosecutors, policy makers, and—at times—the public at large have
an interest in knowing whether unusual option trading has occurred around
certain events. A prime example of such an event is the September 11 terrorist
attacks, and there was indeed a great deal of speculation about whether option
market activity indicated that the terrorists or their associates had traded in
the days leading up to September 11 on advance knowledge of the impending
attacks. This speculation, however, took place in the absence of an understanding
of the relevant characteristics of option market trading.
This paper begins by developing systematic information about the distribution
of option market activity. It constructs benchmark distributions for
option market volume statistics that measure in different ways the extent to
which non–market maker volume establishes option market positions that will
be profitable if the underlying stock price rises or falls in value. The distributions
of these statistics are calculated both unconditionally and when conditioning
on the overall level of option activity on the underlying stock, the
return and trading volume on the underlying stock, and the return on the
overall market. These distributions are then used to judge whether the option
market trading in AMR, UAL, the Standard and Poor’s airline index, and the
S&amp;P 500 market index in the days leading up to September 11 was, in fact,
unusual.
The option market volume ratios considered do not provide evidence of
unusual option market trading in the days leading up to September 11. The
volume ratios, however, are constructed out of long and short put volume and
long and short call volume; simply buying puts would have been the most
straightforward way for someone to have traded in the option market on
foreknowledge of the attacks. A measure of abnormal long put volume was
also examined and seen to be at abnormally high levels in the days leading
up to the attacks. Consequently, the paper concludes that there is evidence of
unusual option market activity in the days leading up to September 11 that
is consistent with investors trading on advance knowledge of the attacks.
__so . . . if folks in our administration or associated with it were shown to have traded, they are terrorists . . . __

works for me :)
When you say "those people," do you mean the binge-drinking, popped-collar-wearing, future mortgage brokers of America, going to school where the smell of puke, beer and agricultural runoff waft through the air? Or do you mean the bunkered down, pasty-faced, future evil neoconservative masterminds of America that hang down in Obamaville? Cause it's vague.
Wow, creepy.
which is absolutely why we won't be doing that investigation
__don't be afraid to ask questions__

Surely, you jest.

So you are saying that high placed members of THIS government helped run huge planes into buildings, dismantled our constitution with the patriot act, declared war on iraq based on complete and utter lies, and birthed US torture camps . . . 

and we should "not be afraid to ask questions"

__Are you out of your mind?__
There was an investigation, but the results were never released, because the people who did the short selling "could not have possibly been involved in the attacks," according to the FBI.
No. &lt;a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AYujWCCHRk"&gt;Here's some context&lt;/a&gt;. There fixed.
Nothing to see here people.  No one's going to do anything about it anyway.  

Nothing short of armed revolution will get this king off the throne or make him atone for his war crimes against humanity.

If there be a just leader among ye who feels he could lead the cynically jaded, apathetically diverse group that is the Internet and has a plan for what comes next if, by some miraculous intervention of the divine Odin it succeeds, then please feel free.
[deleted]
Good job georgewashingtonblog. You misquoted the article to make it sound nefarious. Keep on trucking.
I don't understand the Maroon reference.
I mean anyone that isn't at UIUC
&gt;inside job of the terrorists

Aren't you glad we catch the real threats to society,

like Martha Stewart
[deleted]
Last sentence of synopsis:

"This finding is consistent with informed investors having traded options in advance of the attacks."

And the article ends as follows:

"Consequently, the paper concludes that there is evidence of unusual option market activity in the days leading up to September 11 that is consistent with investors trading on advance knowledge of the attacks."

Misquoted?
I think he's saying he's from down there.
Lucky bastard.
For starters, the entire last paragraph places more skepticism on the issue. Second of all, the article's conclusion isn't inline with troofer business, as it is stated overall.
Yes, but nobody has proven that. It is just your believe. 
All this chatter about inside job makes people not pay attention to the reality of war crimes, illegal war, and other real crimes committed by this administration.
The statistics are mixed:

* Put/Call was in 97%

* Short/Long was at 80%

* Short/Long max over 4 day window: 49%

* Abnormal Long Put was 99%, 96% taking 4 day window max

So combining using Fisher's rule gives an overall abnormal-ness of 99%. Or 99.9% if we leave out the lowball 49%. But Fisher's rule is wrong because these are all correlated. So the real abnormal-ness is somewhere between an individual value of, oh,  0.95, and 0.99.

So the weirdness is 2σ. Suspicious, but barely.  If there was trading, they might have been clever enough to hide it in the noise.
OH SNAP (fixed)
Weather probably had a lot to do with planning.
nm- I didn't read your last sentence. 

What's with the U Chicago hate? ;)
[here you go](http://rr.rezbit.com/sheeple)
[for you](http://rr.rezbit.com/smackywentz)
The rickroll died long ago. And even if it were still thriving you're a piece of shit for linking to that. Suck my balls.
My dad was supposed to be in those towers that day, luckily his connecting flight was canceled. ;)
[deleted]
[deleted]
UChicago's mascot.
Anyone got $10 they can spare me?
I was scheduled to fly that day too to Manhattan but decided to go the next day so that I could collect my notes a little better. My office was 5 blocks away from WTC.

In an odd coincidence, my mother was teaching a class in Crystal City, the little set of buildings right next to the Pentagon. Someone burst into the room and said there was an explosion, and she walked out with the rest of the students and saw a huge plume of smoke at the Pentagon.

She believes the whole 9/11 thing. I, however, do not. I believe it was a false flag event and that the Pentagon attack was just some kind of small missile and some small bombs. All the people in that section were cleared out. Everything else was staged.
It's not easy being 911was\_an\_inside\_job.
they have medication for that.
In case you couldn't find it, here a link to a PDF of the complete article:
http://www.journals.uchicago.edu/doi/pdf/10.1086/503645?cookieSet=1
&gt; future evil neoconservative masterminds of America

That's really just the econ department.  The rest of us U(C)ers are just as hippie-dippie liberal as you'd expect from college kids.  We just happen to like building nuclear reactors for ScavHunt - but I ask you, does that make us evil masterminds?

Oh, wait...
[deleted]
&gt; Because it was an inside job, wake up sheeple.

Of course. Even his highness Xenu said so.
I must say, 911was... is sure on the ball.  He/she gets in comments super fast on appropriate threads.  Makes me think he's a government agent trying to get sheeple to go against our government so they can justify spending more on "fighting extremism". &lt;/tinfoil&gt;
Source?
Ashcroft was Law and Wolfowitz was Political Science. And I think that their grandaddy Strauss was with the Committee on Social Thought. No, the evil is more widespread on that campus than just a couple of old-school trickle down free-marketeers in the econ department.

Everyone knows about the first self-sustained nuclear chain reaction that took place under Stagg Field, but did you know that they invented Agent Orange at the U of C too?

BTW, I saw that Breeder Reactor that the kids  built and displayed in front of Ida Noyes. I heard the FBI came by and saw it too.
haha upmodded.. you should have posted this instead of the article!
VIX futures weren't created until years after 9/11
http://reddit.com/info/6kfoq/comments/
Agree 100%. The OCC knows the net long/short positions of all clearing members. All the clearing members know the positions of their customers. If anyone customers had an excessively large position it would have taken a couple of day, at most, to find out. 

Plus you had every compliance department in the world after 9/11 reviewing their customers account for suspicious trading patterns. If anything was found to be out of the ordinary they are required by federal law to report it immediately.

lets not forget the terrorist would have to fund away to funnel the money into the states to fund the accounts. Not exactly a easy task.
911was\_an\_inside_job was an inside job, wake up sheeple

Edit: markdown
It might be his time to pass it on, so someone else can be the dreaded Pirate^W^W 911_was....
lol "the terrorists"
Fashion perp.
[deleted]
The operation below was managed by Krongard until 1998, who was the executive director of the CIA. Maybe who "could not have possibly been involved in the attacks," applies to? 

Reference Israeli Herzliyya International Policy Institute for Counterterrorism, excellent intel:
 
 
"October series options for UAL Corp. were purchased in highly unusual volumes three trading days before the terrorist attacks for a total outlay of $2,070; investors bought the option contracts, each representing 100 shares, for 90 cents each. [This represents 230,000 shares]. Those options are now selling at more than $12 each. There are still 2,313 so-called "put" options outstanding [valued at $2.77 million and representing 231,300 shares] according to the Options Clearinghouse Corp."
"The source familiar with the United trades identified Deutsche Bank Alex Brown, the American investment banking arm of German giant Deutsche Bank, as the investment bank used to purchase at least some of these options."
Xenu.
[deleted]
Hmm, so rather than being "just a couple of old-school trickle down free-marketeers" it's actually just a couple of crusty neocons?  Don't get me wrong, Ashcroft et al. qualify as evil, but they're the isolated cases - tho Chicago School of Economics has made a systemic mark on the world, on the other hand.  If we go by the industry-standard "evil fucks per nobel laureate" ratio, it's actually considerably better than, say, Yale or Harvard.
[deleted]
D'oh!  Well, I guess that means I must take your word for it since Xenu said so. :)
If you make your thetan pray hard enough, Xenu will talk to you too.
You sir get my Comment of the Day award.  Yeah, that is worth less than one Canadian penny, but it is still worth more than one US penny mothafuckas!!!!
Going on pure speculation, my guess is if there were people that traded off of it, they were taken care of.

Think about it. They ran planes into the World Trade Center. All the major investment firms (who trade options) got hurt that day.

So here you have people who hold 75% of the world's wealth with a serious chip on their shoulder. Analytics could be done, traced, and you could find accounts. Assassins are cheap.
The 9/11 commision knows. BUT WOULD NOT SAY WHO.

Fucking stinks to high heaven.
Wishful thinking. It was probably spooks who made out on that trading. Pretty evil shit.
The 9/11 commission report outright SAYS they know who it was.

But won't tell.
One can make some further inferences:

Whoever DID trade on that knowledge has enough clout to keep their names secret.

That means the info is must be Very Bad Shit.
It's spelled "moran."
They want you to ask questions so they know who to round up and stick in those Haliburton detention camps.
If I were someone intending start a guerilla war with the United States, and was stressing about how to finance it yet still had the element of suprise, I certainly would try to sell a few stocks short before initiating my attack and try to make money off of it. Keep in mind, these guys are no dummies when it comes to money.
You might be looking for the word "misrepresented". 

Also, stop sullying the good name of Paul Erdos with this crap.
I thin he's said it so many times his inner self is starting to believe it -_-
He wasn't Arab was he? Cos if he was then he probably planned it or something/sez GWB and his cronies.
I bet it was Al-Qaeda!
Oh, sorry, I'll get back in line.

WAKE UP SHEEPLE! IT WAS AN INSIDE JOB! THE STATE HAS INFINITE POWER, DONT YOU DARE THINK THAT A BUNCH OF ANGRY MUSLIMS COULD SUBVERT IT!
You gotta  put 2 underscores to escape the ones that make it _italicized_, yes * does italics also.
How could they have? I mean they checked to see if they were muslims I assume.
U of C students are a breed all their own. Strange, socially-awkward and superior. My cousin used to refer to U of C students as 'effete, intellectual inbreeds" but then she went to Boston U.
School colors.
I agree that the OCC and involved firms could easily sort this out quickly and it looks like they did.

From http://www.nationalreview.com/rose/rose200407260700.asp

"So, to repeat, were Osama and his accomplices involved in insider trading? Part of the answer is tucked away in a footnote on page 499 of the 9/11 Commission Report. The commissioners, basing their findings upon exhaustive research of millions of transactions by the Securities and Exchange Commission, note that "some unusual trading did in fact occur, but each such trade proved to have an innocuous explanation." Moreover, "the trading had no connection with 9/11." So what happened? "A single U.S.-based institutional investor with no conceivable ties to al Qaeda purchased 95 percent of the UAL puts on September 6." This same institution, as part of a complex trading strategy, also purchased 115,000 shares of AMR on September 10. But what about the spike in AMR puts trading on September 10? It turns out that a "U.S.-based options trading newsletter, faxed to its subscribers on Sunday, September 9...recommended these trades." Readers jumped in headfirst come Monday morning, only to strike it tragically lucky the next day."

Also the type of analysis this paper does is seriously flawed. For example, the type of payout an option strategy has varies signifantly depending on the other contracts involved (such as underlying) and has many more variations than the long/short call long/short put this paper suggests. The customer involved in buying the UAL puts actually bought a significant amount of stock while buying the 95% of puts traded, thus making their position behave more like a long call. Everyone is way to quick to jump to conspiracy conclusions.
That doesn't hold water.  If you buy 100 shares for $1 each and 1000 puts for $.10, and the shares drop by 1/2, your share a/c lost $50, But your options probably made 1000*.50 -$100= $400.
Probably someone having lunch with the bin Ladens that day. ; )
[deleted]
damn sheep are still asleep
Seven years, and there still hasn't been a  formal criminal investigation.  911 needs to be investigated, and the place to start is with those who profitted from the mass murders.
Your mother is clearly an upstanding American; you, on the other hand, are a disruptive and traitorous entity.
WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
it's a fact, so SHUT YOUR FUCKING MOUTH
They did, and found nothing.

http://www.loosechangeguide.com/LooseChangeGuide.html#insidertrades
My cousin was supposed to be in those towers that day, but the FBI caught him.
Actually, it doesn't has to be a inside job.  It is important that we don't jump to conclusions. It could just be time-travelers from the future trying to make a quick buck.  A perfectly natural explanation.  See?  No need for wacky conspiracy theories.
Condoleeza Rice was scheduled to fly to New York that day, but was warned to not fly to NY by San Francisco's Mayor Willie Brown.
I had puts on IBM and Nividia on 9/11.  9/11 payed for three years of my college :)
I was working in the Daimaru tower in the Melbourne CBD about 2 or 3 months prior to 911.

We had an unannounced full building evacuation drill that involved the elevators being non-functional.  My understanding, speaking with some of the folks who worked in the building for a long period of time, this was the first full building evacuation they   had.  That building also had an Australian defense force comm. cell and according to the facility manager, the evaluation order did not come from the local fire brigade (and that was all he could say).  

My 20/20 hindsight take on that event was that *someone* was taking the intelligence that was being passed around the various communities seriously.  Too bad America wasn't (not that it would have made that much of a difference if they had practiced evacuation a few months beforehand).
...let me guess, he was flying in from Boston.
Not University of Chicago. University of Illinois at Champaigne-Urbana. Very different.
Thank you very much.

&gt; A single U.S.-based institutional investor with no conceivable ties to al Qaeda purchased 95 percent of the UAL puts on September 6 as part of a trading strategy that also included buying 115,000 shares of American on September 10.

That's just a married put.
FOI request?
they produce a similar crop of thinkers...
Great now whodunnit?
&gt;Spokesperson Paul Bresson announces that the FBI has concluded that there was no insider trading in US securities markets by people with advance knowledge of the 9/11 attacks. According to Bresson, the “vast majority” of a pre-attack surge of trading in options that bet on a drop in the stock of AMR Corp., which owns American Airlines, and UAL Corp., which owns United Airlines, was conducted by investment hedge funds implementing bearish investment strategies or hedging a line position of common stock and was not linked to terrorists. [St. Petersburg Times, 9/19/2003; Washington Post, 9/19/2003]

I don't think they respond to FOI request on this subject, or they have yet to respond to them.  That might be why lots of the articles with this story have disappeared from the Internet.

Here's [a link that has most of the public information on the subject](http://www.cooperativeresearch.org/timeline.jsp?timeline=complete_911_timeline&amp;before_9/11=insidertrading).
One thing I'd like explained to me by someone like yourself who believes the pentagon was attack was a missile and bombs, is: what then, really happened to the plane and its passengers, the one which *supposedly* flew into it?
Obviously it depends upon the ratio. If you buy 100 puts and 10k shares (since options settle to 100 shares) your pnl is exactly that of long a call (ignoring interest and dividends or any other reason to early exersize). I don't know what delta they hedged on in this case. I was merely pointing out buying puts doesn't always = bearish opinion on a stock.
The US is now a vassal state of Israel. Read the writing on the wall. Presidential candidates can't even get coverage if they don't declare unconditional support for Israel. 9/11 if not directly planned by the CIA/Mossad was probably already known about prior to the attacks. But most Americans are too cowardly to speak out about this being that they are afraid of being called a conspiracy theorist or antisemitic. Perhaps cowards deserve their newfound slavery.
They never existed. They were fabricated at the Pentagon.
What makes you think that investment banks don't have their own intelligence divisions?

...and that the intelligence that they gather isn't used for the furtherance of their organization?
aren't buying puts used like share insurance sometimes.  I thought it was fairly standard practice for traders to buy shares and puts on the same stock together... especially for day traders and hedge funds who are in and out of a particular position on the same day or week.
So the people who lost love ones on those flights are suffering delusions?
or just put a \ before each one to escape it
They are actors put in place by the CIA.
That is one way to look at it.
well, you can't run around shooting people in the head for widely practiced trading stragies...

...can you?
Really? Then can we find some play-bills of their previous work? I mean, if all this energy is going in to prove the conspiracy, I'd like to see some evidence that at least one of the 3000+ victims was in fact not real, and that the grieving relatives, and their related compensation claims, was bogus.

Otherwise, I'll continue to call 'bullshit' on the deniers.
No, just the Pentagon incident. The other incidents were real and were false-flag events performed against our country by our own CIA and Cheney (because Bush doesn't really run the Presidency) in order to justify a massive large-scale war against Islamic Extremism.
Yeah... I don't think much of people who use "intellectual" as an insult.  In addition to which "strange, socially-awkward and superior" is probably how the mainstream sees mast of the people I have any respect for...
If you actually read the comment, intellectual itself was not used as an insult. Inbreed was. Intellectual was used as a modifier. We're not talking savant strange and awkward here. It is a phenomena you have to experience to truly appreciate. You are certainly open to you open interpretation, of course. Personally, I respect anyone who contributes to the betterment of society or even better the world. Further, I respect confident, effective people with an altruistic streak. I don't fetishize the archetype of the suffering, misunderstood, hyper-intelligent misanthrope simply for the sake of celebrating that particular expression of the human condition.

Summary:
9/11 was an inside job.
I think he's saying he's from down there.
It is just your believe.
Whether this was followed through or not, I don't know.
Yet the puts could have been purchased well in advance of the day itself.
Yes, it was an inside job of the terrorists who knew they were going to attack.
But what about the spike in AMR puts trading on September 10?
I don't think much of people who use "intellectual" as an insult.
or just put a \ before each one to escape it.
Actually, it doesn't has to be a inside job.
If you are an American and say this, you are a traitor.
The option market volume ratios considered do not provide evidence of
unusual option market trading in the days leading up to September 11.
The 9/11 commission report outright SAYS they know who it was.
It was probably spooks who made out on that trading.
Nothing to see here people.
I don't understand the Maroon reference.
Last sentence of synopsis:

"This finding is consistent with informed investors having traded options in advance of the attacks."
Because it was an inside job, wake up sheeple.
I had puts on IBM and Nividia on 9/11.
That is one way to look at it.
I don't know what delta they hedged on in this case.
BUT WOULD NOT SAY WHO.
Don't be afraid to ask questions.
We don't like being confused with "those people up there."
&gt;Spokesperson Paul Bresson announces that the FBI has concluded that there was no insider trading in US securities markets by people with advance knowledge of the 9/11 attacks.
This same institution, as part of a complex trading strategy, also purchased 115,000 shares of AMR on September 10.
That's just a married put.
&gt; Because it was an inside job, wake up sheeple.
All the major investment firms (who trade options) got hurt that day.
I mean anyone that isn't at UIUC.
Moreover, "the trading had no connection with 9/11."
Even his highness Xenu said so.
(If anyone has a link to the investigation, I'd appreciate it)

I would have shorted AMR on Sept 10th.
It is important that we don't jump to conclusions.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.28
