Original Response:
Of course Ellen should have the right to get married, just like anyone else.

If she can find a man that will have her, that is.
I tivo'd this and watched it last night when i got home from work.  He also said he wants to end the war in Iraq. WTF???  He was pro-civil union and pro-ending the war.  He's *never* been that before!  Surely the MSM will pick up this as a flipflop, right?
McCain said gays and lesbians should have the same legal rights to form unions as everyone.  They shouldn't be given a 'right' to marriage because marriage is a religious sacrament.  Like most people, for reasons I don't understand, he thinks the two ideas should be related.
Or perhaps he is pandering to her viewers? If he really does believe this now, then that would be great, but I am highly suspect of this.
Isn't pandering to the audience the definition of flip-flopping?
Yeah he was careful what he said, I can't really agree with him but it's the same position anti-gay marriage stance people have. "Marriage is between a man and a woman". 

You could tell he was extremely uncomfortable talking about it. If you can't talk to a nice Lesbian not screaming in your face how can people expect him to debate foreign policy at all. He's such a big baby. Every time I see him on TV I laugh because he gets hit with a "hard issue" and even though it's a casual TV show he just kind of cowers while trying to get his point across.
The key to successful trolling is SUBTLETY.
strangely she got portia derossi. and I think any man would like to have portia.
The deeper problem then, it seems to me, would be that he is therefore proposing that the government recognise marriages by *some religions* (which sanctify heterosexual marriage) but *not others* (which sanctify marriage of any two persons).  In his figuring, the government would provide as distinct services 1) recognition of civil unions and 2) recognition of religious marital sacraments, but would *reserve the right to decide which religions are the right ones* when it comes to marrying people, excluding same-sex marriage sacraments.  This position seems to me even more untenable than the current situation, which sees the government deciding which partnerships are socially acceptable.
I am properly the only one here but, given how marriage is currently in the use, I have to agree with this statement; marriage is essentially still a religious function and the wall of separation cuts both ways, and for some reason, which I don't know or care about, churches don't want to wed homosexuals.

What should happen is that marriage should receive no special sanctions from the state - instead _every_ couple could enter into a civil union and/or get married in a church of their choice, but benefits would only be given to those who joined a civil union.
False headline.  Ellen can get married.  Just to a man.
Yeah he did that on Jon Stewart while back, completely avoiding the tough questions.  What happened to Mr. Straight Talker?
What he's doing is the Humpty-Hump.
Only if it's a Democrat.
Like most Republicans, McCain is a delusional halfwit.
For arguments sake:

Obama was also on the Ellen show, and when asked if he thought gays should be allowed to get married he replied no, but supported civil unions.
*Some churches.

I don't believe in forcing churches to wed anyone they don't want to.  But I believe in allowing gays/lesbians to be married(and in a church too if they want).


I'm straight, I can get married outside a church and be considered married.  Why can't a gay person?
McCain doesn't think civil unions should be legal either -- he's of the mind that we should be able to do everything through existing contracts like powers of attorney, and that the anti-marriage laws shouldn't forbid companies from offering domestic partner benefits.
The handling of marriage in the law flies in the face of the separation of church and state. I'm of the personal opinion that the law should define the terms of civil unions, and ignore the concept of marriage entirely. That would remove the religious component and put all couples on equal footing in the eyes of the law. Of course, I don't ever see that happening and legalizing same-sex marriage is almost as reasonable a solution.

As for McCain implying that he's fine with civil unions, it's a load of crap. McCain has  said that he'd leave marriage up to the states. However, he voted for and supports upholding DoMA, which provides a loophole for states to ignore out-of-state marriages. It's the exact same trick they used to prevent interracial marriages 40 years ago.

Simply put, McCain is making a dishonest pander, and with any luck it will backfire on him with the Republican base.
So black people should be allowed to get married, just not to good white folk?
I don't think he is for ending the war in Iraq.  He wants to leave when we achieve "victory" and he now thinks that victory is within reach (as opposed to say, a hundred years from now).

Sure, even George Bush is for leaving Iraq if we've won the occupation.  But that's not the same as setting time tables for leaving regardless of how fucked up the Iraqi government is.
I'm not shocked at what he said, I'm just shocked that McCain stuck to his guns on an issue for once.
Yup.  I've also read that the origin of the marriage license in USA was to document and discourage interracial marriage and miscegenation.  Before that, people were just fine with getting married in their communities and churches.  

So, if you gays want to justify racism and eugenics... just kidding...
While I support gay marriage, isn't marriage a religious construct?  Should the gov't recognize marriage at all?  It seems like the fairer thing would be for the gov't to recognize civil unions  between two adults but not marriage.  But that wouldn't make anyone happy...
And every negro should be allowed to marry, just not to good white folk.
It would make me happy.
Fuck you.
They government telling gay and lesbians they can't get married is the same as the government telling churches they have to marry them.  They should just stay the fuck out of the marriage game all together.
Marriage isn't a religious construct at all, the union of two peoples estates and families through pair-bonding has existed through all human history and all cultures.  

Just like funerals.  All religions have a different but similar way of recognizing the passing of a life...it doesn't mean religion invented mourning nor should religion have sole jurisdiction over who can mourn when etc. 

So even though every religion inserts itself into the process of marriage it doesn't mean it created marriage or has any jurisdiction over its associated rights.  

Civil Unions are the equivalent of building a gay drinking fountain; separate but equal...are we going to completely ignore the Civil Rights movement?  In my opinion the underlying reasoning for all of this "sanctity of marriage" stuff is fear and disgust, and laws should not be made out of fear and disgust.  Just because you think gay people are gross, and are afraid your children will feel comfortable being gay doesn't mean you can make laws against it.
McCain is opposed to getting hitched to Portia di Rossi. Not. Very. Smart.
McCain doesn't support civil unions. He wants to leave the decision up to the states, and keep DoMA in place so out-of-state, same-sex marriages can be invalidated. And don't forget, some states have laws which explicitly prohibit contracts that establish marriage-like rights for same-sex couples. Under current precedent, such laws supersede even the loopholes DoMA provides. Just imagine what happens if a same-sex couple needs to move to a different state, or some major event occurs when they're traveling to a state with different marriage laws? Or what about survivor benefits, healthcare, and child custody? McCain's plan is a legislative and civil rights time-bomb.

In contrast, Obama supports repealing DoMA in his first term and establishing federally recognized civil unions, which extends the rights of marriage (though not the label) to all couples in the US. So, the difference between Obama and McCain is enormous.
Regardless, both Obama and McCain think gays should not be allowed to get married. Period.
And McCain, who was not born in the United States, should not have the right to run for President.

The Constitution is very clear on this, John. A fuckload clearer than it is on gay marriage.
unfortunately, they've never said what "victory" is.  They said ending terrorism altogether but as we all know.. no amount of guns or even talk would accomplish that.
&gt;isn't marriage a religious construct?

Sort of.  Government has gotten into the business of issuing marriage certificates and providing benefits based on marriage.

Furthermore, government can perform civil, secular civil ceremonies which are non religious.  Given that marriage can already be a non-religious ceremony, churches have foregone their monopoly on the definition of marriage.  No one is telling churches they need to marry adam and steve - it's their choice not to.  But the government need not adopt the church's values on homosexuality being an abomination.
I think that's a really good point. If marriage is a religious institution, then the government shouldn't have anything to do with marriage.

Maybe that's a better way to go - get the government out of everyone's bedrooms. But if the gov't does recognize marriage, it shouldn't be able to make distinctions based on a specific religion's traditions.
sigh...so tired of the fighting.
Because we all know atheists don't get married. 

WTF

Double-speak bullshit.
Shouldn't it make a person uncomfortable to tell another person in polite conversation that you want to deny them something they really want and have good reason for wanting?

Maybe he'd like to allow gay marriage but can't say so without taking a political nose dive.
What the hell did he think she was going to ask him?!
No, no, only to good white folk.  It's affirmative action for the rhythmically-challenged classes.
A more appropriate analogy is that while funerals often include a religious ritual, the government sets the laws and rule governing what becomes or can become of the body and the estate of the deceased.

Marriage is and always has been about property and rights, and the .gov regulates that through its laws, not the religious aspects. "Marriage" can be done by the .gov (at city hall, court, etc..) with no religious connotation. Given that "marriage" is a legal designation, it must be civilly equitable. 

That the .gov grants the power to religious leaders is a matter of practicality and convenience.
&gt;The handling of marriage in the law flies in the face of the separation of church and state.

Not really.   The state can perform secular marriage ceremonies that are non religious.  I don't see a problem with that.  There's practical reasons why the state would want to govern marriages.  The biggest one is that Family Law is founded on the institution of marriage as its basis.   Here you have matters of divorce, custody and access all in play by the government and the courts where no religion is involved.
Marriage = a word.
&gt;They government telling gay and lesbians they can't get married is the same as the government telling churches they have to marry them.

The government marries people without the church all the time.  Secular non religious ceremonies are performed by the state.  Your analogy is totally bullshit.  

&gt;They should just stay the fuck out of the marriage game all together.

Too bad though that family law is based around the institution of marriage.  Are you saying divorce and custody should be handled by the church too?
Wrong.  He was born as a US citizen... that's the requirement, not being born in the US.
&gt;marriage is essentially still a religious function

It isn't!  Family law is a government function not a church one.  Divorce, custody, and access are handled by the state, not the church.  In order to say that marriage is religious you also have to say family law is religious.  As long as the state governs how matters of family law are handled it too should govern how matters of marriage are handled.
ah the sanctity of heterosexual marriage.... mccain is SO qualified to talk about it.

I think in order to preserve the extra special status of heterosexual marriage in california, a little gold star should be placed on the marriage certificate of every heterosexual couple;  whilst gay couple's marriage certificates get no gold star.
I'm afraid I don't see the connection between race and gender. Those are two fundamentally different properties of human beings.
&gt;Why can't a gay person?

I've never understood this recent phenomena of churches thinking they have a monopoly on marriage. 

What if a church came along and decided it IS okay to marry gay couples.  Will the rest of the churches shut up?
&gt;marriage is essentially still a religious function

Fuck that. I'm not religious and I want to be married.
All I know about this exchange is this little article/clip.  What bothered me most about it was that after Ellen made the "seperate but equal" argument against the current conservative mindset towards gay marriage, he simply says he'll agree to disagree.  I think it's ridiculous that he would go on a gay woman's show, who is registered to be married (and he knows it) and not be prepared to defend his stance on this very important subject.  He just avoids it.  He's a coward.
I doubted you because I've read so many blogs, but I doubt you no longer:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural-born_citizen

I should have known better than to trust blogs. . .
Nuke the country.  Kill every living creature within the country's borders.  I guarantee you that no more terrorists will come out of that country, ever again.  Tadaa!  Victory!  

Not that I think one should actually *do* that.  However, it does mean that victory is possible...
Ellen said that she was going to bring up the "elephant in the room" and John McCain rolled his eyes.

Does America want a teenager as President?
However, if I (as a straight person) went to the courthouse and got married by a judge, it would still be "getting married" even though there was no religion present.  Marriage may have started as a religious sacrament, but the times have changed.
[deleted]
Well, he's right. Ellen is ugly.
:-)
But for the rest of our same sexers- they should be able to be as miserable as all other americans- and get married.

I think it is very interesting that no one has bothered to mention the massive door same sex marriage opens for green card fraud?

That will be an interesting one to tackle-
same sex immigrants don't really count as a marriage? Or do they? If they do- how many roommates in college will get married so their buddy doesn't have to be deported?

Just a thought.

But yes- let gays be as miserable as right wing christian breeders- let them get married!!
:-)
You would think they would know better given their lifestyle choice and watching the breeders in action.
[deleted]
&gt;He also said he wants to end the war in Iraq.

Bush wants to end the war in Iraq too, but they key is that he wants to end it in victory.  Same with McCain.

I hear a lot of Republican apologists say "yeah, look, we made it a mess, shouldn't we fix it now?"

It isn't an entirely unreasonable argument.  I don't necessarily agree with it, but it isn't unreasonable.
the government likes marriage because it stabilizes citizens by making them work harder to stimulate the economy with their new mandatory purchases-&gt; baby, increased food, and education and transportation to name a few- and makes them make more citizens -which means more taxes!!
It's not the War on Terrorism in Iraq. Victory of TWaT is essentially the extermination of the human race
The moment rights and legalities became a part of marriage is the very moment when it stopped being a solely religious construct.  

Further, if you feel that it is a religious construct, what religion does it pertain to?  Can Catholics get married?  What about Hindus?  What if a Catholic wanted to marry a Hindu?  How about Mormons or Scientologists?     And what the heck is a court-house marriage?  

Marriage has been far removed from religion.  There is no good reason to state that these two people can be married, while those two people cannot if all things are equal, save gender.
I think our only difference here is semantic. You appear to be using the term "secular marriage" as a synonym for "civil union." If that's the case, then I agree with your statements and don't see any of them as conflicting with my own.
&gt;I guarantee you that no more terrorists will come out of that country, ever again.

Yeah, not from THAT country.  But if America killed every living creature in Iraq, there will be such an international outrage that terrorists will be rising up against us from all over the world.
You can insist on calling a "truck" a "car" if you want to but it is still a "truck" and not a "car."  There is nothing discriminatory by calling two different things by different names.  

We are the first civilization to actively allow and even promote the wide spread adoption of alternative family structures, i.e. gay couples with children.  So why the F are people so determined to take ownership of the term art used for thousands of years to define something else.  Hubris, vengeance, pride?  

Insisting on calling "Gay Marriage" "Marriage" is petty, stupid and the single biggest reason why we had four more years of Bush, the needless deaths of hundreds of thousands of more innocent people and possibly missing out on our last opportunity to try and save our planet from environmental destruction.  The very fact that this is being made an issue for this election really pisses me off!
"Civil Unions are the equivalent of building a gay drinking fountain; separate but equal"

Bullshit!  That analogy completely fails.  Separate but equal schools for minorities were considered unequal because the schools were in fact obviously not equal.  The schools for the minorities totally underfunded and inadequate because of the lower tax bases.  Thus, separate but equal was not equal.

Please explain how a civil union or a gay marriage that is the same in every respect as far as rights and responsibilities are not equal with marriages.
&gt;Maybe he'd like to allow gay marriage but can't say so without taking a political nose dive.

I actually think this might be true. He just can't be caught saying certain things.
You mean, free virgins for everyone?!
But they're both properties that you're born with  Why should something that you have no control over be a barrier to marrying another consenting adult?
It's a religious function you say?  Okay. I'll bite.  

Which religion?  

And for that matter, can non-believers wed?  Can people of two different religions marry?  

I know the answers to these questions, obviously.  Anyone of any faith (or none at all) can wed, provided they have the correct genitals.  If this is a religious function, the answers to the above questions make no sense.  Religion can be involved in marriage.  Marriage does not require religion.  Therefore it is a legal institution, not a religious one.
&gt;What if a church came along and decided it IS okay to marry gay couples. Will the rest of the churches shut up?

Some churches *have*, and the other churches *haven't*.
&gt;You appear to be using the term "secular marriage" as a synonym for "civil union."

Where in law is the term civil union currently used?  In all family law cases I've read or heard discussed, the term marriage is used.

If the term marriage is the legal definition of two people being married, it's already a secular term anyway.

No single religion has a monopoly on the notion of marriage, and there's many non religious societies that practice the ceremony of marriage.
There are alot of people who shouldn't have the right to get married.
Sounds like a plan!  Bombs away!
Well, yes... but that's what a Nuke Stockade is for!  

(Seriously, I am not in favour of bombing anyone)
Cool!  What are you doing this afternoon?
Well then those churches who are marrying gay couples seem to have endorsed gay marriage, the religious argument becomes moot...
Marriage *must be* the .gov's business. Marriage creates a relationship with particular legal rights and responsibilities which requires the recognition of the .gov.

Folks who complain that the .gov has stepped into the providence of religion have it backasswards. Marriage has always been a social designation first, a new familial relationship recognized by their community. The purpose of this designation was and is about property and rights, not any magical, mystical connection. Today, "social" and "community" recognition is represented by laws and government. 

Religion stepped into this, it created a sacrament out of a blessing. (It created a racket.)

The position such as McCain's is irrational and stupid. Religiously, you can marry anyone and anything you want, so long as you find a religion to do so. That marriage will not legally be recognized. If you afford the legal designation of marriage to any pairing, you have a marriage, whether you call it "marriage" or you call it "grape jelly." What  McCain is arguing is everyone should be afforded the rights of marriage, just so long as they call it "grape-jelly." He is asking the government to legally make a word, *a word*, sacred. 

However, once the .gov steps in, as it does with marriage, concepts of civil equity steps in (or it should, iffen you are into that whole equal rights idea) and separate but equal doesn't fly, even in the word used. (see also the CA court's ruling.)
Same argument VA used to defend the anti-miscegenation laws. Blacks and whites can both equally be married, just not to each other.
This is good.  He is being honest and not lying or dancing around the question. This is a good thing.

I don't believe in any religion. BUT, since other people do and there isn't a seperation of church and state, McCain is right. It shouldn't be allowed.  Not, in my opinion, until you get rid of the relationship between church and state.
[deleted]
&gt;You can insist on calling a "truck" a "car" if you want to but it is still a "truck" and not a "car." There is nothing discriminatory by calling two different things by different names.

Except that things change.  A modern Corvette bears very little resemblance to an original Model-T.  The few things that we recognize as similarities between the Model-T and a Corvette are things that are also similar between a Model-T and a Ford F-150.  The two modern vehicles are relatively equidistant from the original "car".  So why is one a "car" and the other a "truck", aside from convention?

Likewise, marriage is much different than it once was.  Women are no longer their husband's property, for instance.  Why, then, do people insist that one particular modification of the marriage concept is more worthy of that name than another, when neither of them are "traditional" marriages?
Comparing civil unions to past segregation is just absurd. One of the most offensive aspects of segregation is just how horribly unequal it was. Sitting at the back of the bus is not equal; walking an extra block to the water fountain is not equal; being stuck in inferior schools is not equal. Whereas the proposed civil unions afford identical rights and protections to same-sex couples. Yes, the term is different, but in every other respect they are entirely equal.

To be clear, I agree that on principle there shouldn't even be a semantic distinction between a same-sex union and a traditional marriage. However, I can appreciate that the current political climate makes it difficult to enact such a principled stance into law. Change takes time, and remember that it's only in the last few decades that mixed-race marriages were legalized in all 50 states. Guaranteeing same-sex couples all the rights of a traditional marriage is an important and politically risky landmark, which shouldn't be nonchalantly dismissed.

*Edit: I'm explicitly referring to the repeal of DoMA and enactment of federally recognized civil unions as proposed by the Democratic candidates.*
Well, no one accused you being the sharpest crayon in the box. Perhaps it's best if you just don't comment.
Me too, and I've been "married" for 13 years come years come Monday. Which brings up an interesting argument for the "anti gay-marriage" (or is it anti-gay marriage?) crowd. Should hetrosexual atheists be permitted to get married?

I'm sure the answer would be "no", but that's the top of a slippery slope, especially when children are introduced into the mix.
&gt;Well then those churches who are marrying gay couples seem to have endorsed gay marriage, the religious argument becomes moot...

The problem is that, if it's a Christian church, then the rest of the Christian populous claim "They're not real Christians.  That's a perversion of Christianity."  And then they go right back to claiming that they have the exclusive right to define what "marriage" means.
[deleted]
&gt;They're not real Christians. That's a perversion of Christianity.

But that's a weak argument that falls under the "no true scottsman" fallacy and is easily refuted.  But I understand what you are saying...
Question:  

Where do all these extra dead virgins come from?  I mean, each male gets X number of virgins... that requires dead virgins!  Perhaps we should go out and replenish the supply?
How does the ad hominem argument advance your cause?
&gt;a gay drinking fountain

I don't want to imagine what that would look like.
You can't pretend to stick to a strictly legalistic interpretation of the word "marriage" while intermingling references to ceremony and religion. The fact is that the term carries specific religious and traditional implications, and denying that is just willful obstinance.

Now, in answer to your question, Vermont, New Jersey, Connecticut, and New Hampshire all have strict legal definitions of civil unions. And there are half a dozen more states with laws permitting same-sex unions under names other than "marriage." So, there is an established precedent of using the term "marriage" to refer to a union between a man and a woman with both religious and legal implications. While no religion has a monopoly on the institution of marriage, it is decidedly associated with religion in general.
What the fuck is with "the .gov"?  This is the third time this week I've seen it, and damn if it doesn't make the speaker look retarded.  Are we going to call all businesses "the .com"?  Is  Canada "the .ca"?  Seriously, what the fuck?  Using "vaguely computer-ish lingo" does not make everything cooler.
Except in that case the laws were overturned because 

1) Marriage was considered a fundamental right (because it is a foundation of our society and vital to our existance).

2) States could show no valid interest in restricting marriage to same-race couples.

This is the primary issue in every same-sex marriage legal battle in every state, and in almost every case, the courts find that unlike the case of interracial marriage, state *do* have a valid interest in denying same-sex marriages.
She already has the right to get married, to any man over the age of 18 (16?).
&gt;get the government out of everyone's bedrooms.

This is a take on one of my favourite quotes from our famous PM Pierre Trudeau - “The state has no business in the bedrooms of the nation.”

This resounds pretty strongly here in Canada, which is why gay marriage is now legal, and pretty much a non-issue. We went through this debate, and many individual provinces already legalized it, but the Supreme Court did imply  that not allowing gay marriages was against our Charter of Rights and Freedoms.

That said, religious expression is also protected under this charter, so no religion is forced to perform gay marriages. There are some that do, and of course, you can always get married by a justice of the peace. It's called marriage by law - no matter who/how it is performed.

So, has our country fallen into chaos since it has been legal? I'm sure many fundamental Christians probably think so.
So, you want to marry a fish?
very well said
Pretty hypocritical for someone who threw away his first marriage.
Well, because it wouldn't be a marriage.  It seems pretty obvious to me that the only way to make it completely equitable but not call it marriage would be (as has been discussed in other threads) to have the government be in charge of the civil union (for all couples) and the churches be in charge of the religious marriage (for couples that want one).  Cubic Zirconium might look just like a diamond, but it isn't and the very simple fact that it isn't makes it less desireable and of lesser value -- same applies here.  If you tell one group they can have the thing everyone wants and another group that they can have something just like it, but different then it isn't equal.
&gt;You can insist on calling a "truck" a "car" if you want to but it is still a "truck" and not a "car." There is nothing discriminatory by calling two different things by different names.

And that is absolutely correct.

Except now imagine there is a system of laws in place where cars get to drive on nice well-maintained highways and trucks are only allowed on pothole-ridden backroads.  That is undeniably descriminatory.  

You'd start to understand why some trucks would be pretty desperate to become cars, right?

So the question becomes, which is the better way to fix it:  change the road system, or change the names?  Changing a system is hard.  But changing a name?  That can be the easiest thing one can possibly do.

Get it?

So I would suggest it is somewhat disingenuous that you get so pissed off at the idea of peop^H^H^H^H cars and trucks in (what I presume to be) your own country getting equal access to roads.  There's nothing saying that we can't have equal rights at home AND try to save the environment.  In fact, that's a rather ridiculous false dichotomy, if you think about it.
Are you accusing McCain of being a teenager?!  That's gotta be a first time he's been called a teenager since WWII.
I agree with you and I think many rational people would as well.  Certainly you cannot claim that a religious ceremony is being hijacked when it was hijacked centuries ago by the state without protest.
Marriage is a government-issued license.

The government telling gays and lesbians they can't get married is like the government telling blind people they can't get a drivers license.
It would be prettier and cleaner with all the colors of the rainbow.
Is a fish a consenting adult?
If you can't see the connection of race and gender in a discussion of civil rights, then there really isn't a point arguing my cause to you.
14 with consent.
I had a debate with a Mormon fellow at work once about gay marriage.  I asked him to cite reasons outside of religious ones against same sex marriage, given that religion is no longer a prerequisite for marriage.  

He stated that gay marriage would negatively affect society, the relationship could never be as strong as that between two loving heterosexuals and that having same sex parents would negatively affect the child.

I countered that the same could be said about heterosexual marriages between many people; people you disagree with politically, those with substance dependence problems, people with mental disease, those with a history of abusing others, etc. etc.  If a murderer and child rapist have no issues getting married, then what should be so concerned about two loving homosexuals?

We argued for three days at work and I never changed his mind.  In my defense, however, I think he had been set in his ways for decades and had a church of like minded individuals that legitimized his beliefs.
Many men have.
This is why I still watch the .tv
We have the United Church, Unitarian, Metropolitan Community Church, some congregations of the Anglican Church and even the Quakers willing to perform same-sex marriages here in Canada. These institutions see the bigger picture - they want these folks in their dwindling congregations, so they've allowed it. 

I would suspect similar churches following suit in the US.
He fathered a child in that first marriage, so it's not really hypocritical at all.
It's funny - I've been to many Catholic weddings, and even the priest acknowledges that until the paper is signed (a government document...) the wedding is only symbolic.
I think the litmus test would be to apply the same standard to heterosexuals and see how they react; that is allow all heterosexuals civil unions and disallow marriage.
On that note, I really don't understand why I needed to marry my wife in order to make a promise to her that I would be monogamous with her.  The whole marriage ceremony is a load of crap anyway really...  I just did it because it's just something you do - a rite of passage if you will.  

Truth be told, marriage doesn't define my relationship with my wife, our commitment to each other defines that relationship, and no church can define that for us.  We really didn't need a wedding ceremony to do that.
&gt;I have yet to see any valid argument in denying same sex marriages that isn't equitably applied to heterosexual couples

Um, gays can't produce children together.
Yes, and VA made that case too, and the first decision(s) in the case upheld the laws. 

I disagree with the court decisions supporting sexist marriage laws, as I have yet to see any valid argument in denying same sex marriages that isn't equitably applied to heterosexual couples, an/or isn't contradictory to laws homosexual rights or heterosexual marriage. 

Meanwhile, homosexuals are not afforded the rights or the status granted by the .gov to heterosexuals w/ respects to securing their families and the part in the foundation of society. 

It is the very definitive example of unequal or "separate but equal" rights, but one that
Mistermoxy stole my response, word-for-word, so I'll just add that, if fish *were* sentient and able to give consent, then I'd say "go for it", but since they're not, no dice.

My line of reasoning would make marrying a mermaid (or merman, if that's what you're into) legal.  Also, intelligent aliens and sentient AIs.  While all of that sounds a bit weird, it's also consistent and (IMHO) reasonable.
What in heavens does an article that is entirely about US politics have to do with "worldnews"?

Oh, right.  You realized that you could get more karma by abusing the subreddit weightings by not submitting to the more popular "politics" subreddit.

Not from me, though.  Sorry.
&gt;there isn't a seperation of church and state

Huh?  There's isn't?  Well I guess I'd better tell the Supreme court, so they can overturn tons of cases upholding that separation.
I don't see how my comparison of civil unions and "seperate-but-equal" segregation of the '60s is absurd at all.  Civil Unions are meant to represent a "separate" entity than marriage that is supposed to be "equal."  The catch is that civil unions aren't equal to marriage, everything that has been seriously proposed so far doesn't grant all the same rights and protections.  So gays won't be able to get married, they'll have to walk an extra block to get "civil-unioned".

But, if they are the same thing then let's cut the blatant bullshit and call them the same thing.  I am not nonchalantly dismissing this important landmark, I am saying that we should learn from history and know that this is an inevitable step towards progress.  

You've said that comparing civil unions to the past segregation is absurd, and then you remind me to "remember that it's only in the last few decades that mixed-race marriages were legalized in all 50 states."  These are the same issues, we're treading over the same ground, let's learn from history.
and all the water would be .... white...
Groups of like-minded individuals legitimizing each others beliefs? Sounds like reddit.
eh?

a civil union with all the rights and benefits as a recognized marrage would be EQUAL.
Well said readergirl and tobythedog, I couldn't agree more.
So, following your analogy, blind people cannot get a drivers license because there is an inherent danger posed by a driver who cannot see well enough to follow traffic signals/avoid collisions. Where is the inherent danger in letting two men or two women marry?
It should be compared. It is a blatant "we are better than you" position. These things should speed up, not move at the same speed. We tout our ability to accept others, except gays, mexicans (at least in southern california where I grew up) and muslims.
No babies.  Human civilization dies out.

There are other licenses which don't involve safety.  In the state of Washington, they deny a license for a farmers market if there are 4 vendors selling their own agricultural goods, but they approve it if there are 5.

States set limits for licenses all the time, using some reasonable threshold based on the intent of the license.
Either civil union = marriage, which means they are one and the same...synonyms...interchangeable.  Or civil unions != marriage.  If they are the same, why call them something different?
and why worry if they are called something different?

see how that works?
&gt;why worry if they are called something different?

Because it evokes images of "separate but equal" from the good ol' days of segregation.  It's a way of saying "We're being forced to give you what you want, but we're going to call it something else in an attempt to forever marginalize you".

I mean, just imagine if the powers that be had decided that interracial couples could get a civil union, with all the rights of marriage, but they couldn't call it "marriage".  Racists would be using "civil union" as a synonym for "race traitor" or "nigger lover".  It would be an epithet rather than an accurate description of what it actually is.

In other words, the only way to accept two things as being truly equal (other than in mathematics) is to give them the same name.
Exactly. My husband and I had a 10 minute JP wedding on a boat, which was more of a party. It was really about declaring 'this is it' to everyone. I kept my maiden name, so except for the piece of paper, nothing really changed.

Even by law, because in Canada, if you co-habitate with someone for at least a year, you are given all the same rights as if you are married. So, 'not marrying' to avoid the potential of having to share property/finances is not an option - you live together, you get suckered. :)
Maybe I'm missing the joke? There _is_ an official separation of church and state in the U.S., frequently expressed as freedom of religion and freedom from religion. 

The founding fathers of the U.S.A. were primarily deists who believed strongly that the government should be separate from religion. Some have even said the separation of church and state was the only truly original element of the constitution--not checks and balances, not an independent judiciary, or other democratic institutions. These had all been attempted by previous states in the past in one form or another. 

On marriage, I think the founding fathers would say the government has nothing to say about whether you can or cannot. The people have inalienable rights. The government only has the authority to regulate what _we_ grant it authority to govern. 

As a practical matter, the government should divorce itself from any capacity to regulate "marriage" at all. The government should recognize only civil unions between consenting adults. 

So when a man and a woman go in front of a judge to get "hitched," the government recognizes it as a civil union. The couple may call it marriage or whatever. And when a couple of women get wed at a church, the government recognizes that too as a civil union. Whether the ladies call it a marriage, a partnership, etc., has no bearing on how the government recognizes it.
Same!  The .ER is my favorite show.
He didnt say Ellen didnt have the right to get married. She has the same rights as everyone else, to get married to someone of the opposite sex, not the same sex.
&gt;gays can't produce children together.

So then either allow gay marriage, or make it illegal for sterile heterosexuals to marry.  "What's that?  You've had a vasectomy?  Sorry, you can't get married anymore.  But we'll be happy to grant you a civil union!"

If you're not willing to do that, then the ability for a couple to produce children together (ignoring adoption, artificial insemination, etc) is irrelevant.
&gt;&gt;Where is the inherent danger in letting two men or two women marry?

&gt;No babies. Human civilization dies out.

Wha?  I hate to break it to you, but denying gays the right to marry isn't going to make them say "Well damn, I guess that's not an option.  Might as well turn straight and start makin' babies!"
&gt; As a practical matter, the government should divorce itself from any capacity to regulate "marriage" at all. The government should recognize only civil unions between consenting adults.

How about if those five consenting adults are brother, sister, cousin, and two previously married but undivorced strangers whose first spouses do not consent at all?

Are there no limits at all?

What about adult chimpanzees? Close enough genetically to humans, that there is at least the chance of viable offspring resulting. There are those who are already trying to grant the larger primates some emancipation, some measure of legal rights. Why not them?

&gt; So when a man and a woman go in front of a judge to get "hitched," the government recognizes it as a civil union. The couple may call it marriage or whatever. And when a couple of women get wed at a church, the government recognizes that too as a civil union. Whether the ladies call it a marriage, a partnership, etc., has no bearing on how the government recognizes it.

Nice, it's my ideal solution. But I doubt that all in the gay community would go for it... it's the ultimate way to deny them "marriage". At that point, even if they get "married", straights can go on forever, chuckling and saying it's not a real marriage whenever they claim to get married.

Which it really wouldn't be. Which pisses them off.
so we are back to what I have always believed it to be.. an issue in name only.


It never was about "rights" it has always been about being able to look at a traditional married couple and sticking your tongue out at them.


self esteem issues

sad


And just for the record.. skin color is not the same as gender.. what a totally bogus argument that is.

(we all agree that that attitude was ignorant)


edit: when you say "marginalize" you do realize that all being equal, no one is actually "marginalized" right? Not in law, stnding or anything else that really matters.

If it is attitude or personal opion you are looking to change forcing a "name" won't win that side any points, it'll just make people have to qualify when they tell others they are married.. you know like *"to a woman"*

then what?

we have court cases banning qualification of the word marriage?
He doesn't actively defend it because it is logically and morally indefensible. 

What bothered me the most, after watching the clip twice was the implications behind the final exchange between McCain and Degeneres.

He says something like, "I wish you every happiness." 

She says, "So you'll walk me down the aisle, then?" 

He says, _touche._

What's up with that? "Touche" is something you say when someone offers a strong riposte or counter argument. Is that how he actually took her joke? Strange world those politicians live in.
&gt;marriage is a religious sacrament.

It's also a civil certification performed by a government official.  The "sacrament" isn't valid in the eyes of the government until the government itself finishes the paperwork.  

It's also a legal status ("married") that confers a number of legal rights and responsibilities.  It's used from everything from determining eligibility for health care to property and custodial rights.

It's also a tax classification.

It's a lot more than some voodoo religious ceremony in our society mate.  (Most) gays aren't looking for just the voodoo and reception, they're looking for the same LEGAL rights everyone else is entitled to.
&gt; However, once the .gov steps in, as it does with marriage, concepts of civil equity steps in (or it should, iffen you are into that whole equal rights idea)

That's the part I don't get.

Equal rights already exist. I've never heard of a man and woman going to the clerk's office to get a marriage license and the clerk stating "hey, that man there looks kinda gay, you can't marry him!" and then denying the license.

Gays have often gotten married. So much so that we have many stereotypes and cliches for the idea.

It's not separate but equal. It really is equal, no segregating homosexuals to some other facilities.

That's the part I don't understand. That's the part they all gloss over. Whether or not gays should be allowed to marry someone of the same sex is another issue entirely... maybe they should, maybe they shouldn't. But it's not an equal rights thing at all.

And when people are disingenuous about this sort of thing because they think that it's strategically superior, that makes me uncomfortable and unsupportive.

Gays, you win. Can't wait to see you use your "ends justify the means" on your next pet cause.
How about govt. grants civil unions to everybody, and churches can discriminate when they hold weddings/officiate marriages?
&gt;an issue in name only.

It's partly about name, yes.  You fail to realize the power than names have.  Calling two identical things different names is often a method used to support discrimination.  

Imagine if we called hair "hair", except on black people, where the word was alway "nappy 'fro".  It wouldn't be long before bigots started insulting people by telling them "That's quite a nappy 'fro you have!"  Of course, the black community would complain, saying "We have hair, too!  It may be a bit darker and curlier, but it's still hair, damn it!" to which people like you would respond "Oh stop whining!  You should be happy that there's a word for your nappy 'fro at all.  It shouldn't matter if it's the *same* word or not."

&gt;It never was about "rights" it has always been about being able to look at a traditional married couple and sticking your tongue out at them.

No more than interracial couples were "sticking their tongues out" at single-race couples.  Or do you think that's the only reason they wanted their marriages called "marriage", too?

&gt;skin color is not the same as gender.. what a totally bogus argument that is.

It's a perfect comparison.  Skin color was, years ago, a barrier to marriage.  It was once **illegal** for a white person to marry a black person.  Then we finally decided what a stupid idea that was, and laws were eventually changed (to much protest from bigots).

Now, once again, we have people being denied the right to marry based on an attribute that they did not choose.  How is this different?  It's the same thing all over again.
There are laws about what you can and cannot do with the body.  You can't leave it out in the wilderness, for example.  You can't transport it across state lines without filling out the forms.  There's probably more stuff but I don't keep up to date on them.  That's just what I know off the top of my head.
except that they have never actually set a goal.  What is "victory?"  Ending "terrorism?" They can't end the existence of terrorism any easier than they can end jealousy stupidity.
Yes, but because we have a separation of church and state, and because marriage is an inherent right, the government should have nothing to say about the gender of the individuals seeking such a legal union.
&gt;How about if those five consenting adults are brother, sister, cousin, 

Sure, why not?

&gt;and two previously married but undivorced strangers whose first spouses do not consent at all?

Depends on the terms of their original civil union.  I would assume that there's a "monogamy" clause in there.

&gt;Are there no limits at all?

Very few.  The only requisite would be that all parties involved be consenting adults.

&gt;What about adult chimpanzees?

Can't consent.
&gt;Fuck that. I'm not religious and I want to be married.

Avoid it like the plague my man...   Seriously...   The only reason I got married was because I wanted to have a kid...  I'd rather not be on the hook for alimony and half my assets personally...
Uhhh... perhaps all the killed/abandoned female babies grow up to adult(ish) in heaven?
To be fair, he probably thinks the same way about you and your online community filled with like minded individuals that legitimize your beliefs.
please correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't this pretty much Obama's stance too? I'm definitely in the Obama camp, but I remember a fairly awkward interview on MTV right before 'super tuesday' where he seemed to take the stance of 'legal rights but leave the marriage to the religion'. 

Don't get me wrong I'm no McCain fan, but let's be fair here.
yea ok I can see we'll never make any headway, you'll just keep assuming I am some sort of bigot of gay and move on to your next perceived indignation.


You do realize how badly you insult black people when you compare this right?

***

you assume one side (my side) of the debate is due to a "hatred" of the other party involved.

that is not true.

I am neither religious or a bigot.
I am an atheist, I still think there should be two names (all equal) because they are two different things.

do you actually think getting the same label will magically fix a gay persons self esteem issue?  because that is what you described above, because if all things are equal in the law.. your "discrimination" you speak of is only in someone esles head.

what next.. you try to ban someone from expressing a preference?


I personally think gay sex is gross..... so what?  That doesn't mean I hate the people involved and I am sick to death of people like you telling the world I hate gays.

If someone doesn't come out and say *"being gay is awesome"* they are labeled a hater.


That is what you base all your arguments on.. discrimination and hate, but when someone offers equallity in all but name.. lo and behold.. not good enough.

The "haters" are at it again.

Right?
Well, he has a point. Female-Female unions would really lack the interlocking bits.
No, "marriage" and "civil unions" are entirely unequal.  Hence the problem.

By saying 2 words, heterosexual couples get over 1000 benefits from the government (lower tax rates, jointly owned property, medical rights, inheritance, etc.).  Even in states with legally recognized "civil unions", most of these benefits are difficult to achieve, and many are impossible.  I know this because I live in such a state, and there was a newspaper article not too long ago about a homosexual couple who got a lawyer to try to emulate the benefits of "marriage" for them.  It took many months, and many of them were simply not legally possible.

There may be proposals for "civil unions" at the federal level which are more permissive, but I have yet to see any.  And of course, if they're truly equal, why do they have a different name?

We tried the whole "separate but equal" thing before.  It was called Plessy v. Ferguson, 1896.  58 years later (Brown v. Board of Education, 1954), the court finally recognized what was painfully obvious to everybody living under the system: separate but equal is never equal.

I find it just a little bit crazy that 58 years after *that* there are still people who think "separate but equal" can work.
At least he got 1 thing right.
&gt;I still think there should be two names (all equal) because they are two different things.

Is having to people of the same gender really different enough to need a new name, even though the relationship itself is exactly the same?  And if so, why is having people of different races *not* different enough to need a new name?  Why not a new name for marriages between fat people, or skinny people?

&gt;do you actually think getting the same label will magically fix a gay persons self esteem issue?

This has nothing to do with self esteem, and everything to do with equality.  Did interracial couples want marriage to improve their self esteem?

&gt;I personally think gay sex is gross.

So do I.  Well, except for lesbians, but that's just the way my brain is wired.  I still think they should be allowed to marry, though.  Are you letting your feelings of "grossness" motivate your opinion on gay marriage?

&gt;That is what you base all your arguments on.. discrimination and hate, but when someone offers equallity in all but name.. lo and behold.. not good enough.

Because changing the name **is discrimination**.  It's a way of saying "Your relationship isn't *really* a marriage."  It's a way for people who don't like gay marriage to discriminate against it.  That's the **only** reason to give it a different name.
And I for one agree with him 100%. Man and woman, marriage, period.
&gt;&gt; What about adult chimpanzees?

&gt; Can't consent.

Wouldn't know why they couldn't. Unless all chimpanzee sex is rape. In which case we're morally obligated to put a stop to it. "To save the chimpanzees, we had to extinct them!".

Besides, that sounds like an argument designed to just cheat gays out of marriage again, by claiming they can't consent for one reason or another.

&gt; Depends on the terms of their original civil union. I would assume that there's a "monogamy" clause in there.

I don't see how this could be a reason to deny the marriage. Why is it ok to block this marriage, but not that of two Sand Francisco flamers?

&gt;&gt; How about if those five consenting adults are brother, sister, cousin,

&gt; Sure, why not?

If you've given it no thought at all, thiss is better than giving it some, and coming up with naught.

Incestuous marriages, I think, would almost entirely be composed (excepting the odd adopted brother/sister thing where they weren't aware of their origins) religious or pathological families where those older than the children brainwash or abuse them into consenting at 18.

Cases of this nature would turn up afterward, and people would (rightly) raise holy hell. The solution to this, would be an even bigger government intrusion into marriage than previously existed.
Hm.  That would suggest that we age in Heaven.  We know it's eternal life, but wouldn't that mean it is eternal aging?  Yikes!
I didn't get any hint of you being a bigot until you brought it up yourself. If its just a name, then why the need to protect that name with a law?
&gt;&gt;"Are you letting your feelings of "grossness" motivate your opinion on gay marriage?"

opposed to the name, not the "rights"
i wasn't speaking of myself actually I was only using that to bring up the inevitable bigot comment that comes with anyone not agreeing wqith that side of the argument.

&gt;&gt;"If its just a name, then why the need to protect that name with a law?"

Yea..If its just a name, then why the need for it to be the same?
There is a well supported theory that the gay genes actually increase the fertility of females. It's obviously beneficial in some way or gays would have disappeared pretty quickly. (Not having many kids and all) 

http://www.narth.com/docs/factors.html

Also, Either your gay/bi or your not, legalizing gay marriage isn't going to start making more people gay.
Touche
&gt;Wouldn't know why they couldn't. Unless all chimpanzee sex is rape.

They can't consent to a relationship with a human, just like you couldn't consent to a relationship with an alien with super-human intelligence.  That doesn't mean that every time you have sex it's rape.

&gt;Besides, that sounds like an argument designed to just cheat gays out of marriage again, by claiming they can't consent for one reason or another.

Huh?  Why *wouldn't* they be able to consent?  Would anyone in their right mind try to classify all gay sex as rape?

&gt;I don't see how this could be a reason to deny the marriage. Why is it ok to block this marriage, but not that of two Sand Francisco flamers?

Like I said, if the original contract has a monogamy clause, then attempting to enter into a second marriage without your partner's consent is a breach of contract.  Like all breaches of contract, it's illegal.  Either terminate the first marriage, or get your partner's consent to enter into a second one.  Or have a marriage contract that doesn't specify monogamy.

Unless I completely misunderstood the situation you were proposing.

&gt;Incestuous marriages, I think, would almost entirely be composed (excepting the odd adopted brother/sister thing where they weren't aware of their origins) religious or pathological families where those older than the children brainwash or abuse them into consenting at 18.

There's nothing to stop that happening now with non-family members.  For example, religious cults.  Also, if a family is going to engage in brainwashing and abuse, they're not likely to care whether or not the relationship is legally recognized marriage.

So making incestuous marriage legal shouldn't really effect things too much.  And again, as long as the parties involved are consenting adults, I don't have a problem with it.
&gt;opposed to the name, not the "rights"

But *why*?  What valid reason is there to give it a different name?  How does that do more good than harm?  How is it any more accurate than not giving interracial marriages a new name?
Somebody posted a link a few months ago which talked about how the internet has made people MORE polarized because there is rarely any cross communication between different groups.  

That being said, although Reddit can be pretty dogmatic at times (and I disagree with that dogma a lot of the time) the group usually rewards logical thought.

Unless it involves saying anything negative about Ron Paul.
Uh...I think you may want to examine your own sexuality a little more carefully. Are you really trying to argue that once homosexual marriage is legal, all heterosexuality will be revealed as a fascade, leading to an absolute stoppage of child-bearing? Ergo, we must continue this pretend heterosexuality in order to preserve human civilization. Is that really your argument?! 

If so, then let me be the _very_ first person to say, "Richard Nixon come out of the closet!"

As for the other vague blather about licensing, I return you to my original question: Where is the inherent danger in allowing same-gender marriage?
Stop with the interacial thing ok.. almost no one on my side of this argument believes that is a valid analogy, we all believe that black/white/yellow.. color doesn't matter only gender.


so stop.  I don't even acknowldge that.

When someone brings it up we tend to look at it like a strawman and credibility goes flying out the door.

***

So Why am I opposed?  
I thought that was self evident?

I oppose because two men together is not the same as a man and a woman, it is DIFFERENT.


No matter how you pretend otherwise man/man is different than man/woman.

Therefore it needs a new label.


I do not want to have to qualify my marriage with "to a woman".. ever.

But I am also at the same time completely opposed to denying any of the same benefits that I get from being "married", to a gay couple.
&gt; They can't consent to a relationship with a human, just like you couldn't consent to a relationship with an alien with super-human intelligence.

Yes, the argument for prohibiting miscegenation.

&gt; Huh? Why wouldn't they be able to consent?

If you posit that some individuals cannot consent because of some arbitrary reason, then it is easy enough to extend that to other individuals, by positing yet another arbitrary reason.

&gt; Would anyone in their right mind try to classify all gay sex as rape?

Possibly, they could all be mentally ill. Though, they might have to come up with another excuse, since that has fallen out of favor.

&gt; Like I said, if the original contract has a monogamy clause, then attempting to enter into a second marriage without your partner's consent is a breach of contract.

A matter to be settled in court, after the second marriage has gone through.

Nothing that should prohibit it a priori though.

&gt; There's nothing to stop that happening now with non-family members.

Actually there is. Surprised you hadn't noticed. Brainwashers of the non-related variety have much less access to brainwashees at young ages, than those of the related variety.

&gt; Also, if a family is going to engage in brainwashing and abuse, they're not likely to care whether or not the relationship is legally recognized marriage.

Oh, they'd care. It'd be a boon, to give something like that the veneer of legality, to have judges on their side that still cling to old-fashioned notions of "no such thing as marital rape".
How about instead of invoking a slippery slope fallacy we stay focused on the issue of same-sex marriage? 

If you've got a thing for that special chimp in your life, I'd prefer you keep it to yourself, personally. (Exception: If you _are_ a chimp who has learned to read, write, and type, please contact me immediately. I have a hunch your slow-witted sibling is living in DC.)

BTW, if you would like to produce a serious response to my original post, I will give you a serious reply.
&gt;Stop with the interacial thing ok.. almost no one on my side of this argument believes that is a valid analogy

That's because if the analogy were valid, it would destroy your position.  But the analogy **is** valid, which is why I'm so adamant on the gay marriage thing.

&gt;I oppose because two men together is not the same as a man and a woman, it is DIFFERENT.

Well, of course.  **Every** couple is different.  Two fat people is different than two skinny people.  Two healthy people is is different than a healthy person and a double-amputee.  Two white people is different than two black people is different than a black person and a white person.  Two Christians is different than an atheist and a Muslim.  Two Americans is different than a South African and an Indonesian.

**Every** marriage is different.  So how is having two healthy white atheists of the same sex *more* different than having a healthy, skinny, black woman from Kenya and a fat, white British man in a wheelchair?  I'd say that the latter is more different than the former.

&gt;I do not want to have to qualify my marriage with "to a woman".. ever.

And now we reach the true heart of the matter.  It's not about what's right for other people.  It's about you being uncomfortable because someone might possible think that you're married to someone of the same sex. That's the whole reason, isn't it?  You're afraid that someone might think that you're gay.
Comparing civil unions to Jim Crow laws is like comparing a pillow fight to the Civil War. It's so far beyond hyperbole that it borders on offensive.

Here are the facts about the civil unions being proposed by the Democratic candidates:

* They afford all the rights and protections of a normal marriage license
* They impose no additional burden beyond that required for a normal marriage license
* There is no "walking an extra block," you go to city hall and fill out essentially the same paperwork as you would for a marriage license
* *They differ from marriage in name only*

Now, I think it's necessary to explain a pragmatic reality. It's highly doubtful that any politician could push through a federal same-sex marriage law at this time, and to try would be political suicide. The fact is that about half the population is dead set against same-sex marriage. What our federal representatives can do, however, is extend marriage-equivalent rights to same-sex couples and ensure that those rights are honored in every state. Such a law would be infinitely better than the current situation. 

Of course, nothing prevents individual states from terming these unions "marriages," and many will over time. Eventually, the law will likely be updated to redefine marriage as including same-sex couples, or term all marriages as civil unions for legal purposes. It will happen, but it won't happen overnight.

Finally, I want to make it very clear that I'm in no way supporting McCain's argument. What he's proposing is the status quo, which really is the equivalent of Jim Crow laws. His solution allows unions or marriages to be overruled through DoMA and state laws against same-sex contractual marriage agreements. It is separate, and not eve remotely equal.
And fifty years ago, in many states, blacks had the same rights as everyone else, to marry someone of the same race.
&gt; denying gays the right to marry isn't going to make them say "Well damn, I guess that's not an option. Might as well turn straight and start makin' babies!"

Unless they are seriously fucked-up closet cases like Larry Craig, who manage to suppress their urges well enough to father children.
So, for you it all comes down to the inconvenience(?) of having to qualify that you are married to a woman and not a man?  To be honest, that seems petty.  Why wouldn't you just NOT qualify your relationship?  And the seemingly obvious answer (at least to me) is that you would feel the need to qualify it because someone could get the idea that you are married to a man.  There's a word for that, and it ain't pretty.

The argument about man/man being different than man/woman is true, but Steve and June's marriage is vastly different then Mark and Tracy's marriage (potentially more different than Alice and Mary's civil union); so we are right back to trying to determine where to draw the line between how different it has to be to call it marriage vs. a civil union.  And just to add on the obvious, if you insist that it is the gender of the couple (but the couple can't choose their gender) then you are discriminating against them due to a trait that they cannot change.
Abject failure. By your logic, it was equally legal to disallow inter-racial marriage. After all, it was OK for blacks to marry blacks just as it was OK for whites to marry whites. See!? Complete equality.

So is the ignorance you just portrayed real or contrived, I wonder.
&gt;If you posit that some individuals cannot consent because of some arbitrary reason, then it is easy enough to extend that to other individuals, by positing yet another arbitrary reason.

The reason's not really arbitrary.  I posit that some people can't consent, because they . . . can't consent.  They lack the mental ability to recognize the results of the decision to the same extent as the other party.

Which brings up the odd thought of, "Would mentally-retarded human having sex with a really smart chimp be wrong, if they're both on the same mental level?"  I'll have to ponder that.

&gt;Nothing that should prohibit it a priori though.

Well, I'd assume that there would be a pre-marriage check for a currently-existing marriage, and "Form 124-T7Y: Consent For Contract Alteration" would have to be signed by the current spouse to make other marriages legal.

But sure, a check after the fact would be fine, as well.

&gt;Brainwashers of the non-related variety have much less access to brainwashees at young ages, than those of the related variety.

So maybe we'd need some sort of psychological evaluation before marrying anyone who is significantly older than you and who had access to you starting at a very young age.  That would cut down on religious nuts, too.  Though it's a bit draconian for my tastes.

I'd prefer to take the risk in exchange for greater freedom, and hope that most cases end up caught before irreparable harm can be done.  Anything less, and were straddling the line of having mandatory case-workers in every home.
I was explicitly referring to federally recognized civil unions as presented by the Democratic candidates. Both Clinton and Obama have committed to repealing DoMA and establishing a protected civil union affording the same rights as a traditional marriage. I was not referring to the insulting status quo proposed by McCain.
&gt; Bush wants to end the war in Iraq too

Yeah, the same way he wants to balance the budget: long after his term as President is over. 

Are you really so fucking stupid as to buy this?
I agree with your pragmatic reality -- I just don't think that means that civil unions and marriages are equal and I don't think that it makes it right.  If it isn't right then we shouldn't pretend that it's close enough.
&gt; Abject failure. By your logic, it was equally legal to disallow inter-racial marriage. 

In that there should be some standards, I might agree.

Doesn't mean that I agreed with the standards themselves, that they were reasonable or anything other than bigoted.

&gt; So is the ignorance you just portrayed real or contrived, I wonder.

Not ignorance. You're the one who would rather insult than argue, it seems.

If you believe people should be allowed to marry those of the same sex, say so. That at least has merit.

Don't claim "they aren't allowed to marry" and give us propaganda. Unless you're claiming gays have never married before in the history of this nation.
Me too!
&gt; They lack the mental ability to recognize the results of the decision to the same extent as the other party.

This seems unlikely. At best it's an assumption.

&gt; Well, I'd assume that there would be a pre-marriage check for a currently-existing marriage, and "Form 124-T7Y: Consent For Contract Alteration" would have to be signed by the current spouse to make other marriages legal.

No, I don't see that as the result at all. It's still a prohibition of marriage between consenting adults.

The soon-to-be-former spouse would simply have to sue after the fact for divorce.

In other words, consent alone isn't enough, because there are situations where even with consent some would be hurt who do not deserve it.

&gt; So maybe we'd need some sort of psychological evaluation before marrying anyone who is significantly older than you and who had access to you starting at a very young age.

Yes, the marriage police! Yay, that'll make it all better!

&gt; Anything less, and were straddling the line of having mandatory case-workers in every home.

My personal solution is simple. I think of myself as separate from this entire nation, and you idiots (in general, not you personally) can do what you like, it does not hurt me or mine. Gays can get "married" if they like, and I'll teach my children what all that means, making sure they understand not to visibly roll their eyes when some freak makes such a claim.
That's fair.

The source I found says that Hillary only claimed to want to repeal only section 3 of DoMA, strangely (section 1 is its title, and section 2 is in direct violation of Article IV of the Constitution), and I can't find anything she's said that's very convincing either way.

Obama sounds fairly adamant about his approval of gay couples, and about making civil unions equivalent.

But the question remains: I can't think of a legal instance where "separate but equal" was actually equal, but I can think of countless times where a candidate for office has made a promise they cannot, or will not, keep.  Why would any reasonable person believe that a "civil union" plan proposed by any of the candidates could achieve what they claim, and is not simply smoke blown up our asses to get themselves elected?  Occam's Razor suggests to me the latter.
She took the words right out of my mouth.  I understand the pragmatic decision all of the viable democratic candidates have made, but I respect the decision that Dennis Kucinich made to stand up for what's right.  It may be political suicide now, but the end of the separation between gay and straight rights is just and inevitable.  No, the discrimination levied against gay couples is not on the magnitude of the Jim Crow laws, but it is of the same manner and based on the same prejudicial logic.
I'm an Obama supporter and much more familiar with his plan. I was under the impression that Clinton's plan was essentially the same as his. Thank you for pointing out the difference.

I know that Obama has made the argument that federally recognized same-sex marriage is not politically viable at this time, but equivalent civil unions are. I've also seen quite a bit of polling to support this argument. Basically, the people obstinate enough to be against same-sex marriage seem to not recognize the parity between marriage and civil unions.

Honestly, I agree, it's not the ideal solution. However, It's vastly better than the status quo and I just don't see half the country changing their minds overnight.
What the hell does that have to do with anything?
Race, being black, is not something one can control. Homosexuality is a choice of lifestyle that is at odds with the accepted standards of human morality.
I'm sorry if my question about your manifest ignorance hurt your feelings, but it is what it is. Might I recommend that in the future, to avoid being called on your ignorance, you attempt to educate yourself sufficiently and present your arguments more cogently? This is presumably within your control and would pre-empt so many situations where your feelings might get hurt. 

In a potentially vain attempt to clear up your misunderstanding, I will expand on what I said earlier: 

You claim that the right to marry applies equally to all because a gay person can still marry someone of the opposite gender, just as a straight person could. However, this addled approach to the issue fails to properly address the question of equality in the same way as a racist might claim that prohibiting interracial marriage maintains equality by allowing all the same right to marry within their racial group. 

Key to understanding the issue is that restrictions on interracial marriage were struck down because they were _not_ _equal_ from a racial perspective. In the same way, restrictions on same-sex marriage are _not_ _equal_ in the way they apply to sexuality and gender. 

Just as a black and a white cannot be denied marriage based on their race, gays cannot be denied marriage based on the sexuality/gender.
Yes, because if anyone can get gay married, we all have to get gay married.  

Tool.
Really? It's a choice? So you could choose to be gay? That's odd. Very odd. 

As a heterosexual, married male, I've always felt my sexuality was pretty much pegged from the get go. I just can't imagine waking up one day and deciding I could go for the cock, but it sounds like you could?

Maybe you're just a little...different.
WIN!1
Lay off, he's just old-fashioned.  They did things differently in the Bronze Age, ok?
[deleted]
Well, two points here. One, there are other rights associated with marriage, and two, even when given these rights via "civil union" many complain that it's just an attempt to make it a second class marriage.
&gt; Might I recommend that in the future, to avoid being called on your ignorance, you attempt to educate yourself sufficiently and present your arguments more cogently?

It doesn't get much simpler than "why is this movement being dishonest and claiming that gays aren't allowed to marry, when clearly they have done so quite often?".

Whether they should get what they want out of principle, the propaganda is a lie.

That you can't see it, makes you as bad or worse than those who told them in the first place.

&gt; You claim that the right to marry applies equally to all because a gay person can still marry someone of the opposite gender, just as a straight person could. However, this addled approach to the issue fails to properly address the question of equality in the same way as a racist might claim that prohibiting interracial marriage maintains equality by allowing all the same right to marry within their racial group.

So, because this approach fails to fix a problem that is 30 years in the past and no longer an issue, it is not just wrong... but "ignorant"?

If you want philosophy, there are much more damning arguments against. I was simply being practical.

Of course, since my approach doesn't solve the problems that serfs had in 12th century Poland, it simply isn't worth considering.
I think the point is, states *could* make it illegal for sterile couples to get married, but it's very complex.  You would need to have a medical test prior to granting the marriage license which can be a waste of money.

Many states don't even require blood tests to prove you aren't related, but they still make not being related (closely) a requirement.  States simply don't want to dig into your private medical history to determine if you are qualified for marriage.  However, knowing the gender (or the relationship) of a proposed married couple is an easy way to determine if they can produce children together.

It's not irrelevant just because they don't require a couple to spend thousands of dollars to have tests done.

I think the fact that they ban siblings from getting married (over concerns of their ability to produce healthy offspring together) is more than enough reason to illustrate their interest in the ability of a married couple to produce healthy children.

Gays can't produce children together at all, and it's very easy to know that they can't, so they don't grant marriage licenses in that situation.
That's not the point.  The point is that the PURPOSE of marriage is to encourage a biological unit family.  So why would they grant marriage licenses in situations where this is obviously impossible?

Believe me, I support homosexual marriages, I simply don't think it's anywhere close to unconstitutional for states not to have them.
There is a purpose for marriage.  The purpose is to encourage a certain style of producing and raising the future generation which society feels is best.  Why then, would they grant marriage licenses in situations which are obviously not conducive to a biological cellular family.

It's not a matter of "what is dangerous about allowing same-sex marriages."  There is no danger in just giving a high-school diploma to everyone, but if you just give them to everyone, they have no meaning and they do nothing to encourage a certain form of upbringing which society feels is best.
Lots of homosexuals who aren't in the closet still have biological families.  A close friend of mine has a lesbian mother and a heterosexual father and they have been happily married for over 30 years.
&gt;I think the fact that they ban siblings from getting married (over concerns of their ability to produce healthy offspring together) is more than enough reason to illustrate their interest in the ability of a married couple to produce healthy children.

I'm not convinced that concern over healthy offspring is the main reason that sibling marriages are prohibited.  I mean, they wouldn't allow a 70-year-old siblings to marry, either, despite their inability to conceive.  No, I think it stems more from cultural taboo, with the "healthy offspring" thing being a flimsy justification.

Consider that, if you are known to have a genetic defect that is 100% heritable, and if the state knows about it, they **still** won't stop you from getting married, or annul your current marriage.  "Think of the children" is nothing more than handwaving to distract you from "we don't allow it because it's disgusting."

I'm also not satisfied with the argument that the whole purpose of marriage is to create an environment for raising children, because, if that were the case, then a gay couple where one party had a child via artificial insemination, or even from a previous straight relationship, would be allowed to marry to provide stable family unit for the child.
&gt;I'm not convinced that concern over healthy offspring is the main reason that sibling marriages are prohibited.

Maybe not, but that's the reason it has been upheld (time and time again) as Constitutional.

I'm not saying I think it's a good idea.  I think incestuous and homosexual marriages should be legal.

My point is that there are plenty of valid reasons for states not to include incestuous and homosexual marriages, and because of that, it's not unconstitutional.

Marriage laws are fucked up, but the Constitution gives a lot of leeway for states to pass fucked-up laws.

I think this is an issue which is better left in the public sphere for people to debate, rather than having a judge waive his hand and declare something unconstitutional on very weak grounds.  If anything, that would just encourage constitutional amendments which fuck things up even more.
What's your point? You don't have to be married to provide a loving, nurturing home to a kid. Mine was that people who get divorced and then remarried don't have a lot of credibility on the sacred institution argument. I doubt at the end of the day he even cares. He's just pandering. I don't care if gay people get married. It doesn't effect me.
&gt;What's your point? You don't have to be married to provide a loving, nurturing home to a kid.

I know, but the whole reason we have "marriage" in the first place is because society feels the best way to raise offspring is to have them raised by their biological parents in a close nuclear family.  That doesn't mean you can't raise kids any other way, it just means that society feels that method is best . . . and that's the motivation for having the institution of marriage.

Marriage isn't about the mother and father staying together as much as it's about the mother and father staying together long enough to raise children to adulthood.
So if a couple is sterile they shouldn't be allowed to get married?
I don't buy your premise... old people, infertile people and asexual people marry.

Anyway, it doesn't matter... Straight people will pat me on the head, tell me it shouldn't matter to me, then flog me every four years for political purposes.  I'll become bitter enough to move, and the US will have two less taxpaying lesbians.  Everybody wins.
&gt;old people, infertile people and asexual people marry.

I know, but if states wanted to deny marriage licenses to these people, they could do so and it would be perfectly constitutional.  Determining if people are too old to reproduce, too infertile to reproduce, or not sexually motivated enough to reproduce is expensive and invasive.  But if states wanted to force people to go to a doctor before getting married, they're free to do so.  Some already do for blood tests, but blood tests are still less of an invasion of privacy than the state analyzing your sperm count.

I'm not saying it's good, I'm just saying it's constitutional.
Marriage is a social construct, nothing more. As long as people vote to make marriage specific to a certain type of union, then the fact that it is a social construct justifies the restrictions placed on it. Now civil unions that afford the same benefits as marriages should exist so that everyone has the legal access to these benefits without discrimination. However, for those fighting only for same-sex marriage, shame on you who fight against "discrimination" to also not fight for polygamy and other forms of marriages, if you truly want equal access to all for marriage.
free as in beer, not as in speech
This is very cool, but I have to vote it down. I quote from "about worldnews": yes.. stuff about the rest of the world. You know, everything aside from USA? Yes, it exists (Please DON'T post US/Politics related content here)
Ummm, producing children is not a requisite for legal marriage, nor is marriage a requisite for having children. 

Further, from children from previous relationships to adoption to surrogate parents, all means by which heterosexual couple themselves have children and subsequently enjoy rights and responsibilities by way of legal marriage, homosexuals can also have children.

Plus, in what will probably be the very near future, people of the same sex will probably have the ability to produce children together. 

So, same sex couples' inability (for now) to biologically produce children with each other is clearly not a valid argument, as it is not equitably applied. 

NEXT!!!
Perhaps they *could* in theory, if they weren't subsequently lynched by the riots, but they *don't* ergo by law children are not a requisite of marriage nor visa versa, and banning same sex marriage on these grounds is clearly bogus rationalization.
How about marriage is what it is and Churches can be glad that their particular sacraments or blessings or voodoo rites can also claim a legal marriage when applied to folks legally allowed to be married?
Again, the same fucking argument made by racists for supporting anti-miscegenation laws. 

In this case, the argument is to make marriage laws equal for the sexes rather than for races or religions or nationalities. 

You're obviously are of the "gay agenda conspiracy crowd," so foam on, but your point isn't any more valid than the racists. 

Have fun.
&gt;The only reason I got married was because I wanted to have a kid

Wow, sounds like that was your problem. I don't want to get married unless I really like the girl.
They can do what some heterosexuals do which is   artificial inseminations and/or surrogate mothers.
If that's how you feel you should not vote for mccain. He spit in the face of your belief by divorcing his wife and marrying a younger woman.

On the other hand both clintons and the obamas have remained married and have raised their children in a secure heterosexual marriage.

Clearly both obama and clinton have better morals and more respect for the sacred institution of marriage than mccain.
I like my wife don't get me wrong...   The wedding itself was a big waste of money, time, and energy...   One can commit to their lady without getting married...
I see a potential problem with the "same rights, different name" stance. Sure, it can afford the same legal rights, but what about more civil rights?

Let's say I'm a bigot and I open  a restaurant (the best restaurant ever too, just because its my analogy) and I give a "marriage special," that I set up just because of recognized same sex civil unions. What if other people start doing the same thing, with far more inconvenient penalties.

Sure, same-sex couples would still have all of the same legal rights, but what about a case like this? I could say "No, no, no! They're not married! So they can't get my special deal," and what argument could one give to say "this is discriminatory"?

Let's face it: I'd be right semantically. It *isn't* marriage. If the law says that "civil unions are viewed exactly as marriage for all intents and purposes" then civil unions *are* marriage, since any attempt to distinguish against them would effectively be illegal.

I'm just saying that the pragmatic reality would say that, if two words have the same practical consequences in every way except one minor detail, they're the same (is the practical difference between "eunuch man with a medical condition that gives him breasts, and happens to have a slight indentation where his penis was due to some medical accident and a woman" and "two lesbians" who get "married" sufficiently great?). Then, distinguishing between the two would be impractical: it really wouldn't fool anyone. "It quacks like a duck, it looks like a duck . .. It does everything a duck does, but it's albino. So it's a shiggle? Isn't it *really* just an albino duck?"

I understand it's a start, but people would only accept civil unions because it's inherently different. And the practical implications of this difference could very well be special civil privileges for married couples and not unioned people. How would this sort of legal matter go: "But, your honor, there's clearly a difference between unions and marriages. They're not even the same category! Marriages aren't unions, after all. They're marriages. So I'm not discriminating men and women, who would both be 'people.' You could argue I'm discriminating against 'couples,' I suppose. But I'm doing so for heterosexual couples, too. They're not married. So, how is this discrimination at all?"? Could a judge not say "even though the law says there is no practical difference between them, there's still a difference large enough for another term. Therefore, this is not discriminatory"? 

Edit: Oops . . . The parent said "posted seven minutes ago" when I first posted this . . . I guess I forgot to refresh firefox before replying . . .
with sparkles.
I'll assume you neglected to address my original question once again because you know there _is_ _nothing_ dangerous about allowing committed, same-sex couples to marry. Instead, you try to change the subject.

Instead, you try the "marriage is for procreation" argument. I think this is just a dodge. A simple test, for yourself, might be to ask yourself if you also feel that those who are infertile should not be allowed to marry. If yes, then you're consistent, but slightly loonie. If no, then you're argument doesn't hold water. 

As for the value of a marriage, it is what the spouses make it. Is your marriage less meaningful if your neighbors divorce? What about your neighbors who are cheating on their spouses? 

No. Marriage remains a ceremony to celebrate the union of two consenting, committed adults. The value of that institution is no more reduced by same-sex marriage than it is by adultery or divorce.
Yeah, you're still missing the boat. You claim the right to marry is equal when it is demonstrably not so. 

Unfortunately, if you're unable or unwilling to understand this issue, there's no point in further discussing it with you. 

Please try to understand, too, that "ignorant" is not the same as calling someone "stupid." It just means you are unaware of the facts, untrained, uninformed. To be ignorant is not a character flaw. To remain so, might be.
I think you're confusing what *I* think about same-sex marriage.  *I* think it should be perfectly fine for a same-sex couple to get married.

My point was only that there are valid reasons for other people to exclude same-sex marriages if they feel it necessary.
I was using "you" in a more generic sense. Obviously, I think, because I clearly don't know if you are married. 

I think any time a government wants to restrict a citizen's freedom, they must have a compelling reason. You _say_ there are valid reasons. I see none. 

I think asking the question: "Where is the danger?" brings out that fact. 

Taking away the freedom of others without cause is the antithesis of the principles on which the U.S. was founded.
I agree with you to a certain extent, but this isn't *really* a matter of restricting freedom.  This is a government-granted license.  As a matter of fact, in most states, the marriage license itself is more restrictive than having none.  You are subjecting yourself to additional domestic violence laws, legal entanglements, and obligations.

"Where is the danger" or "where is the harm" would be a good argument if we were talking about criminal laws here.  But this is a matter of licensing which typically has no "danger" involved anyway.

&gt;Taking away the freedom of others without cause is the antithesis of the principles on which the U.S. was founded.

But nothing is being taken away.  Nothing *has* been taken away.

Gay-marriage is not the same as, say, incest or polygamy where they will not only deny you a license, they will throw you in prison.  Gay rights advocates have made a lot of headway in the US.  I think in another 10-20 years states will start to include gay marriage as a legally-recognized form of marriage, but we're just not there yet.

And I think, in the meantime, legalizing incest and polygamy are more pressing "rights" issues.

Summary:
Two white people is different than two black people is different than a black person and a white person.
Yes, because if anyone can get gay married, we all have to get gay married.
That marriage will not legally be recognized.
I'm not religious and I want to be married.
I don't care if gay people get married.
It's not about what's right for other people.
It's a way for people who don't like gay marriage to discriminate against it.
I don't see how this could be a reason to deny the marriage.
I still think they should be allowed to marry, though.
But it's not an equal rights thing at all.
It's the same thing all over again.
Marriages aren't unions, after all.
There's practical reasons why the state would want to govern marriages.
It's not separate but equal.
I think that's a really good point.
The government should recognize only civil unions between consenting adults.
I think incestuous and homosexual marriages should be legal.
I posit that some people can't consent, because they .
The government marries people without the church all the time.
Well, because it wouldn't be a marriage.
I don't believe in any religion.
I could say "No, no, no!
But I understand what you are saying...
"Marriage is between a man and a woman".
I don't see a problem with that.
They government telling gay and lesbians they can't get married is the same as the government telling churches they have to marry them.
It's a way of saying "Your relationship isn't *really* a marriage."
If you believe people should be allowed to marry those of the same sex, say so.
It's not a matter of "what is dangerous about allowing same-sex marriages."
Sure, same-sex couples would still have all of the same legal rights, but what about a case like this?
Religion can be involved in marriage.
That's the **only** reason to give it a different name.
There is a purpose for marriage.
I personally think gay sex is gross..... so what?
After all, it was OK for blacks to marry blacks just as it was OK for whites to marry whites.
McCain doesn't support civil unions.
And when a couple of women get wed at a church, the government recognizes that too as a civil union.
and I think any man would like to have portia.
I'm not saying I think it's a good idea.
It's still a prohibition of marriage between consenting adults.
Not that I think one should actually *do* that.
Marriage does not require religion.
I think our only difference here is semantic.
&gt;I don't see how this could be a reason to deny the marriage.
I'm not saying it's good, I'm just saying it's constitutional.
Why can't a gay person?
Like most people, for reasons I don't understand, he thinks the two ideas should be related.
I do not want to have to qualify my marriage with "to a woman".. ever.
I know, but if states wanted to deny marriage licenses to these people, they could do so and it would be perfectly constitutional.
So if a couple is sterile they shouldn't be allowed to get married?
Regardless, both Obama and McCain think gays should not be allowed to get married.
It would make me happy.
But I'm doing so for heterosexual couples, too.
&gt;They government telling gay and lesbians they can't get married is the same as the government telling churches they have to marry them.
I am an atheist, I still think there should be two names (all equal) because they are two different things.
*I* think it should be perfectly fine for a same-sex couple to get married.
I understand it's a start, but people would only accept civil unions because it's inherently different.
I think you're confusing what *I* think about same-sex marriage.
If they are the same, why call them something different?
Blacks and whites can both equally be married, just not to each other.
It's a religious function you say?
Can people of two different religions marry?
McCain said gays and lesbians should have the same legal rights to form unions as everyone.
As long as the state governs how matters of family law are handled it too should govern how matters of marriage are handled.
There are alot of people who shouldn't have the right to get married.
That's the part I don't understand.
I like my wife don't get me wrong...
opposed to the name, not the "rights"
a civil union with all the rights and benefits as a recognized marrage would be EQUAL.
You _say_ there are valid reasons.
Family law is a government function not a church one.
What valid reason is there to give it a different name?
&gt; denying gays the right to marry isn't going to make them say "Well damn, I guess that's not an option.
So black people should be allowed to get married, just not to good white folk?
No, "marriage" and "civil unions" are entirely unequal.
It seems like the fairer thing would be for the gov't to recognize civil unions  between two adults but not marriage.
***

So Why am I opposed?
So, you want to marry a fish?
I don't think he is for ending the war in Iraq.
Or do you think that's the only reason they wanted their marriages called "marriage", too?
BUT, since other people do and there isn't a seperation of church and state, McCain is right.
So then either allow gay marriage, or make it illegal for sterile heterosexuals to marry.
In order to say that marriage is religious you also have to say family law is religious.
That's the whole reason, isn't it?
The government telling gays and lesbians they can't get married is like the government telling blind people they can't get a drivers license.
and that's the motivation for having the institution of marriage.
Where in law is the term civil union currently used?
But we'll be happy to grant you a civil union!"
I see a potential problem with the "same rights, different name" stance.
But the analogy **is** valid, which is why I'm so adamant on the gay marriage thing.
No, I don't see that as the result at all.
I agree with your pragmatic reality -- I just don't think that means that civil unions and marriages are equal and I don't think that it makes it right.
So, how is this discrimination at all?"?
Ummm, producing children is not a requisite for legal marriage, nor is marriage a requisite for having children.
I actually think this might be true.
I think the point is, states *could* make it illegal for sterile couples to get married, but it's very complex.
Either civil union = marriage, which means they are one and the same...synonyms...interchangeable.
How would this sort of legal matter go: "But, your honor, there's clearly a difference between unions and marriages.
But I doubt that all in the gay community would go for it... it's the ultimate way to deny them "marriage".
I know that Obama has made the argument that federally recognized same-sex marriage is not politically viable at this time, but equivalent civil unions are.
The handling of marriage in the law flies in the face of the separation of church and state.
It shouldn't matter if it's the *same* word or not."
You claim the right to marry is equal when it is demonstrably not so.
The couple may call it marriage or whatever.
So making incestuous marriage legal shouldn't really effect things too much.
Finally, I want to make it very clear that I'm in no way supporting McCain's argument.
Sure, it can afford the same legal rights, but what about more civil rights?
I was simply being practical.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.50
