Original Response:
I see a big fat check for him and a lawyer.
Hopefully. My mothers friend lives in a home, and was almost evicted for having a guide dog. Yeah, it is illegal, but nothing happened to the guy who owns the place despite legal action being taken.
This is the UK.  You only get in trouble if you're not the government and they deem you to be anti-social.
and fleas are the tools of al queda
Well shit I might have Ebola but they didn't stop me, or any other potential ebola-haver.
i don't see the problem here?
Yes, because as we all know fleas are a conduit for spreading the plague, and al qaeda likes nothing better than having blind men spread the bubonic plague.
More and more frequently, it seems as though public acceptance of disabled people is declining. Why is this so?
Because it's a choice.
[deleted]
Want my opinion as someone in the field? It's because the emphasis on inclusion in our society is at the expense of community. I'm a bleeding-heart liberal who supports Obama, and that's usually used as a conservative excuse for avoiding diversity, but there's truth to it. We've moved  from a society that segregates and pities people with disabilities to a society that denies the right of people with disabilities to a sense of community. From institutions full of abuse, to discouraging people with disabilities from associating with each other and demanding that they appear normal in order to be fully included in society.

People with disabilities need to stand up and demand their right to just freaking BE the disabled person they are, and able-bodied people need to support that goal whereever possible. Appearing "normal" seems like a nice thing for those poor dear people with disabilities, but look what happened to this blind man who appeared normal (despite the guide dog and id card)- he gets questioned. The right of a community to exist and define itself is increasingly challenged.
isn't that a legitimate concern, though?  I suppose though they should check the dog and let him on.  Fleas suck.
Not legally in the US. Service animals are permitted in all public places.  Biggest issue for a lot of blind people is to convince people that they are blind.  

I remember the story one blind lady who owned a Golden Retriever developed the trick of tapping her fake eye.  It was enough to make people who were in the process of trying to physically remove her from a place pause and recognize their mistake.  

I've spent several years raising Seeing Eye Dogs, it's an amazing experience.
[deleted]
Considering it's the UK, it's more likely a formal apology, £95 for the taxi fare and a slap on the wrist for the guard.
More detailed article on [the scotsman website](http://edinburghnews.scotsman.com/topstories/Blind-man-barred-from-train.3991872.jp)
My aunt has two dogs Seeing Eye Dogs uses for breeding. She brings them when she comes over to the house, and I think since she's got them she's gone crazy, watching them more closely than people do children.
What if a train passenger has severe dog allergies? Whose rights would come first? Has this happened?
Yes, this has happened. Cases would  be handled individually and the person with allergies would only have the right to protest accomodation of the service dog handler if the allergies are disabling. The railway would be forced to find some reasonable way to accomodate both needs- most likely asking one of the two to be bumped to a later train.
I meant being disabled is a choice.
Who is this Al and why does he want to spread fleas?  e sounds like a douche really.
Thats fucking bull-shit, He is legit handicapped what is he a second class citizen now?

I used to live next door to a young blind guy who not only had to live with his handicap, but told me of all the discrimination he faced.

Can we please be decent human beings people?
I don't see anything wrong with that, I think we can all turn a blind eye.
Is First Scotrail, the train operator, privately owned? If so, fuck off, blind man -- it's their train.
That's irrelevant. Under the Disability Discrimination Act they're not allowed to refuse service.

You can certainly go ahead and fuck off yourself, though.
Hey, do you know who else are "noobs"? People who would bemoan the inconvenience of fleas when facilitating transportation FOR THE BLIND! May Fate pluck your eyes, pair you with the mangiest flea-ridden seeing-eye mongrel and locate your home a train ride away from all amenities.
Interviewer: "Do you regret choosing to have glaucoma?"
Blind Guy: "Well, I suppose I do. Back then though, everybody who was anybody chose to have some disease that drastically lowered their quality of life. Could have been worse though. My buddy Lenny chose quadrapelegia by being rear-ended by a drunk driver. Well, hindsight is 20/20, I guess. Well, not mine but..."

PS You said a dumb thing, uzerzer.
You blind too? Or just a funny guy?
or in different carriages. I've certainly never seen a single carriage train in the UK.
It might just!
He could have them under the Disability Discrimination Act if he wanted but I've just spent 15 minutes skimming it and buggered if I can find out what he might get other than that compensation for injured feelings is limited to the 'prescribed amount' whatever small sum that turns out to be. The train company would certainly be subject to a penalty.
The guard's an arsehole. I get the train most days and there is always a woman with a guide dog on board. Half the people on the train seem to know her name. The guard will hold the train for her if she is coming on to the platform.

I always took my (non-guide) dogs on UK trains and the guard would usually stop to say hello to the dog. Never had any trouble.
People can carry fleas onto the train too. And dog muck on the bottom of their shoes. And colds, and the flu, and some people are just plain ugly and may offend other passengers.

It's going to be a quiet train.
If you have given them any ideas, you are for Gitmo, my son.
Just because the train is owned by a private company, it does not mean they can discriminate under any grounds they like. The law is very clear on that.

In the UK, we are the land of the free, not the land of the fuck-you-mate.
"This incident comes hot on the heels of several other recent incidents of discrimination in transportation, including a lawsuit filed against Northwest Airlines and Detroit Metro Airport."

What does that have to do with anything? Different companies in different countries and the lawsuit is different in nature (poor service rather than denial of service).
I think it's because Disabled rights are in place (or perceived to be in place) and now that the image of opression or lack of provision is not relevant anymore.

For example, whilst people understand the need for disabled spaces, it's frustrating to have a full car park with 20 empty disabled space. It's even more frustrating to see someone who's registered disabled and able to park in those spaces but is seeminly fit and able to walk around without a wheelchair.

There's the example of mentally handicapped people in cinemas, shouting or otherwise being noisy and spoiling the film for everyone else. There have been examples of that making the news when staff have asked them to leave.

It was frustrating at Disney or other theme parks for a (sometimes large) party with a disabled person skipping a 2 hour long queue. As a result Disney have limited the number of people who can accompany a disabled person and you have to show you've particular disability that entitles you to queue skip.

Bascially the public no longer perceive generic disabled people as charity cases. It's a case of "if they want to be treated just like everyone else, why do they have so many more rights than I do?".
First Group is known as "Worst Group" by Private Eye, the British satirical rag. And for good reason.
I hope you mean that acting like you are disabled is a choice, in which case I have to agree with you. 

Many individuals with guide dogs don't appear to be blind when you just see them walking down the streets. Many of them end up walking faster then the average member of the public.
I mean it's a choice, like being gay.
There are no accidents.
So you changed into a fortune cookie on purpose?
[deleted]
In fact, it's more likely.
Neither.
Dude wanted to bring a dog on the train, they don't allow dogs. He should have planned ahead or brought a friend instead of a dog. You realize if this train was infested with fleas from that dog it would be a BITCH getting them out? Fleas are very resilient and are a pain in the ass to get out of furniture... not to mention unremovable furniture.
Bad law. However, blind man does, then, have cause for grumbling.
Private property much?

Being unable to kick people off your property is not freedom.
[deleted]
Just FYI, invisible disability is increasingly common. In other words, that seemingly able bodied person parking in a space reserved for people with disabilities? She could have fibromyalgia and be able to walk for only 15 or 20 minutes per day before she is so exhausted that she needs to rest for the rest of the day. He could have multiple sclerosis and be in a similar situation. I think you know this as you implied in your post, but for those who don't, there are many, many people who appear able-bodied but are in fact severely disabled. "Passing" is not always a good thing, because those who do pass for able-bodied get the most hateful comments.

Of course, there are also fakers, and they should be strung up by their toes in main street for abusing the system.

Anyway a quote to close this post: "Equality isn't everyone getting the same thing. It's everyone getting what they need."
It's a bad law to accommodate people with service animals?
It's bad law to forbid a property owner to kick someone off said property for any reason (blind and with dog, in this case).
Common carriers (like rail roads) don't have the same property rights as you and me.

Summary:
It's everyone getting what they need."
I meant being disabled is a choice.
It's a case of "if they want to be treated just like everyone else, why do they have so many more rights than I do?
If so, fuck off, blind man -- it's their train.
Many individuals with guide dogs don't appear to be blind when you just see them walking down the streets.
I mean it's a choice, like being gay.
People can carry fleas onto the train too.
I get the train most days and there is always a woman with a guide dog on board.
What if a train passenger has severe dog allergies?
Blind Guy: "Well, I suppose I do.
You realize if this train was infested with fleas from that dog it would be a BITCH getting them out?
It's a bad law to accommodate people with service animals?
I suppose though they should check the dog and let him on.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
