Original Response:
So are we going to boycott American things now too?
NYPD needs to be stripped completely of all employees and directors, and rebuilt from the ground up.

Hell, it's working in Iraq.
That would actually be easier to do than boycotting Chinese things.
What types of products is the States still known for?
They never cease to surprise me...
You call that getting the living Hell beat out of you?  What a bunch of pussies. Help! Help!, they bruised me!
[deleted]
Here, I'll beat you with a club, cuff you, and beat you some more. Then we'll see how you feel about it.
Porn.
i saw this protest as they marched down 2nd ave...it seemed very peaceful.
Well, Canadians import Japanese and German vehicles from the USA.
Free Tibet... oh and free the tibet protesters!  This is rediculous
The world needs more of those!  God bless this great nation!
Land of the Free my ass, and sadly, this is the only America I have ever known.
Media, farm products, weapons.  That's about it.
Classic!
Are you serious?  Protesting isn't illegal, but there are laws for doing it properly.  They broke the law on purpose so they could cry foul when the cops arrested them.  Now everyone is crying brutality when the cops used necessary force to subdue them.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Great, are we outsourcing our cops to China now?
not very good porn.
To say I am surprised would be a lie. To say that I am not shocked would be a lie as well.
Somebody needs to fucking start shooting these pigs down.
yeah we know infowars would never post false news to advance their political agenda
/sarcasm
FUCK THE COPS
har har har
US - "at least we don't shoot them"
What? The land of the free?


**Whoever told you that is your enemy.**
The facade of democracy
The USA fails just as hard as China in most regards. So this isn't really a surprise.
[deleted]
Yes.  That will TOTALLY help show the police non-violent protests work.
Ghandi would be proud of you.
why the hell hasn't this been investigated? I feel like I'm going to spew
No No. It would be mis-speaking.
I don't care about Ghandi, he had his ways and I have mine. They are beating the hell out of them and they need to fight back.
Sorry how is this video false? Are you suggesting the entire thing is set up in some way?
In soviet america...

---

Ironic that new york is actually a very secure place compared to their poblation density
Investigated by who? Their buddies?
This is the most awful violation of basic human rights by officers of the law that I've ever seen in America.  I'm appalled that this isn't on every news station and on the front page of every newspaper in the country.  Every one of those officers should be stripped of their badges and guns and be charged with assault.

High applause for the ballsy guy who recorded this and narrated the entire fracas.  Gutsy.
Uhh ... Why did the cop at 3:30 decide to show up in the German looking WWII outfit, complete with jackboots?
Where is Anonymous when you need them to make news about something worthwhile? Seriously they're good with making major news sources take notice of their Scientology raids, I think it's time they work on something useful.
[ad hominem](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_hominem#Ad_hominem_as_formal_fallacy)
Dude. They don't work. They used to work. Back when they had the effect of "see these thousands? Next time they may be clamoring for your head on a platter Mr. Leader."

Now, they know the protestors will go home and play Super Smash Bros. until the next protest. Third Saturday of every month ... anti-war protest. Be there and show you care!
welcome nowhere, the tibetans depart for the stars...
Corn, wheat, beef, poultry.
[deleted]
Ha! take that China.. 

oh wait.. shit..
The protesters were out of control.  You can clearly see them running full speed into busy streets with no regard even with tons of biased editing (seriously, who edits a protest video unless they want to hide something).  What happens when the police try to stop them from being dangerous to themselves and others (aka the drivers)? O MY GOD POLICE BRUTALITY.  I'm a pretty big civil rights fan myself, but come on.
Regardless of infowars' often idiotic content, I think that this video speaks for itself.
Be careful not to jump to conclusions  about the cops being at fault here.  A video of cops involved in violence does not automatically mean that the cops are at fault. unlike what most dipship redditers think. Believe it or not, angry mobs of people are not always as peaceful as you might think.  Not all protests are completely legal either, often times they need to be arranged in advance, and certain rules apply.  Most likely, one of these angry unemployed people stepped out of line and got pummeled by the cops. They probably deserved it, and I actually find it quite funny.
apprently for now the 12 year olds who think 4 chan is a place to be cool where they can spend hours calling people faggots anonymously are swarming the thread, so I guess until the REAl people get wind of it, thats all that will happen is kids will call people fags and probably post kiddie porn.
I've been boycotting american things now for 5 years.
The English and German porn is waaayyy better.
[deleted]
Someone needs to learn about Tibetans.
[deleted]
[deleted]
so, tell me where in the video the NYPD was acting crazily

edit:
Oh, so you cannot give me an answer so you downmod me? I see, guess who is shutting down dissent now?  Morons, change the context and you are just as bad as the 'evil' government.
Did you see how the cop cars were driving onto sidewalks to block their peaceful protest?   Did you hear the crazy officer say "I'll kill you"?  I have and it was before they started running in the streets uncontrollably.

Thing is the police caused the problem here, not the protesters.
[deleted]
&gt; Most likely, one of these angry unemployed people stepped out of line and got pummeled by the cops. They probably deserved it, and I actually find it quite funny.

Until that point, I thought you were making a balanced statement to add some perspective to the one-sided article. But no, you're just an asshole.
All I'm saying is that there is anywhere near enough evidence to decide they were being excessive, especially since it was so edited.  There's no way to know what order those things happened in, also it didn't show what happened before the cops even touched the protesters (perhaps they did something to deserve it?).  I just think people are trying way to hard on this one.  Thats also why this  video never became popular.
The law says it has to be made in Canada.
Put the cops mugs on ratemycop.com
This was from Alex Jones's site. The guy I work with insists on listing to him on short-wave radio funneled thru a boom-box everyday.  As near as I can tell from that experience, Jones is not a reliable source and may be a provacatuer, but he hits it dead on just often enough.
I'm surprised that they let him do that as well, most of the time police will arrest someone like that for "interfering."
[deleted]
Considering how edited it was?  Absolutely.  Only delusional lizard person would believe this video was unbiased for a second.  And you're not a lizard person are you?
ROFL.  no, Canada.  Same diff.
In Soviet America, thug protects United Nations from protestor.
This video was far too crazy to tell what the hell was really going on.  However, to say "beat the living hell" and "beaten to shit" is a gross exaggeration of what the video shows. 

Further, the protesters looked rather crazy.  Some were running full speed into traffic, and the video appeared to be clearly edited oddly in some spots.  

But, have fun with your outrage, I hope it makes you feel better. :)
well, his intelligence was lowered by 20 points due to fluoride, so I would not trust anything he says (his own claim).
*yet
Did you actually *watch* that video?!?!
**Americans** - you should be ashamed of your police force. From this video it looks like you live in a police state.

If this isn't all over your media, you should be doubly ashamed, and very seriously worried.

Hats off to the man who recorded this video.
I'm game
With a name like that you should join the US police force
Not always...
http://www.zenncars.com/
To protect, and to serve, and *and to beat you with clubs and threaten to kill you for walking down the street!*
Then you've already lost.
[deleted]
Hmmm... I don't know, maybe he is a motorcycle cop.
This is GETTING OUT OF HAND IN THIS COUNTRY...They are beating prosters all over the place now. This is getting CRAZY. What about our RIGHTS&gt;??? WHAT IS GOING ON IN THIS COUNTRY&gt;?
Imbecile. Since when did walking in the road warrant a beating and threats of being killed … from the police!?
I hope you lose your job soon so the police can beat the shit out of you for "stepping out of line".
watch it again and notice the constant cuts right around every time there was an indent of 'violence' by the cops
So no one was killed. And Americans are 'free' to eat as many dunkin donuts as they like. So yes, there are differences between China and the US.

But the similarities are disturbing. Police brutality, abuse of power, suppression of rights to free speech and peaceful protest.

Tell me, what are the US media making of this? If this happened in the UK everyone would know - the same day. *That* keeps the police inline as much as anything.
Cops don't regularly beat the living hell out of peaceful protestors In America.  Get your statistics right.  Yeah, sorry, all of your illogical beliefs that all authoritive figures are bastards is untrue.  Wow, imagine that!  Sure, you use articles like this that, you believe, will let you pretend to have a reason to not reconfigure your hate or your place in society.  Not all cops are horrible.  Accept it, and get over it.
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=9073827608399871128

Watch starting at 24 minutes to see police beat and spray a group of peaceful protesters (who were previously singing the national anthem) for blocking an intersection.

That's the first example off the top of my head that has video, but there are many other, worse offenses that occur.
[citation needed]
Maple syrup! (cept for the Canadian stuff).
Ever been hit with a [blackjack](http://www.gungfu.com/pics_info_pages/baton_steel_expandable.jpg)?  One hit anywhere on the body would knock "shit" out of you.
Let's boycott U.S's olympic. Oh. But wait when is it happening next? The French might boycott too.
[deleted]
You don't get out much, do you.
Heh heh heh - I like the part where the terrsts get beat up!
What else does anyone need?
I get out plenty.  I just choose to spend my time doing something other than watching police brutality videos.  Of course I know there's more atrocious stuff out there!  Hyperbole must not be your first language.
Why isn't this on the news?

Nytimes called it a 'peaceful' protest.
I know I will get downmoded, but...

IN AMERICA: This is not fucking AMERICA this is NAZI United States of America. America is Canada, Mexico, Guatemala, Brazil, Chile, Colombia,Argentina, Equator and MANY other countries (apologies for the others not mentioned).

I am sick and tired of people posting things  and saying "I cannot believe this is happening in America". America is a country where human rights are violated and cops and government will FUCK your life as they please , just like in China or like in Suddam's Irak So do not think that "America" is especial - It used to be; not anymore, not for the past 200 years.
[deleted]
[deleted]
In terms of what is acceptable in the USA and China - this is as bad. But in Tibet we have violent protest against their own government... remember Waco?  Because what is happening in Tibet is their own Waco - an uprising against their own government.  And you understand how that plays out in America, right? 

The government kills you. Men, women and children.
[deleted]
The whole video. Cops are illegally pushing and beating people.
[uhm](http://reddit.com/info/6dcug/comments/c03jeso)
They weren't walking, running into traffic.  If your were wondering, you're not allowed to run into traffic because not only can you get yourself killed, but you can mess up someone elses car and screw up traffic for a while (as if New York needed worse traffic) because you caused a crash.  And seriously, non of that can count as a beating. In order for something to count as a beating it needs to require medical attention (at least in my book).  This story is WAY overblown
The camera man says he has never seen anything like this before.  Obviously he has not seen the police reaction to the WTO protest in Seattle.

http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2202369630355153756&amp;q=seattle+wto&amp;total=180&amp;start=10&amp;num=10&amp;so=0&amp;type=search&amp;plindex=1
https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/us.html

Exports: $1.14 trillion f.o.b. (2007 est.)

Exports - commodities:

agricultural products (soybeans, fruit, corn) 9.2%, industrial supplies (organic chemicals) 26.8%, capital goods (transistors, aircraft, motor vehicle parts, computers, telecommunications equipment) 49.0%, consumer goods (automobiles, medicines) 15.0% (2003)
Under the republicans, the cops have become so used to suppressing dissent with excessive violence, that they do it as a reflex, even when the protesters are supporting US policy.

Shock and Awe didn't work in Iraq, but they're still trying to sue it here!
grandon - so you reply to me an hour ago - I haven't visited reddit since, and then you claim I downmodded you.

Where was the NYPD acting crazily? Hmm... when they started beating people for using their first amendment rights is a good place to start.

Edit: I did downmod you after getting a chance to read the comment though, you bring nothing to the table of discussion.
In other words, coercive government needs to be abolished.
&gt;**Americans** - you should be ashamed of your police force. This video shows you live in a police state.

Fixed that for ya.
&gt;If you try to hold a protest in NY without a permit, you can bet you will have a visit from the po-po.

What part of the First Amendment doesn't apply in New York, you see for a RIGHT to exist, Government cannot make it a PRIVILEGE (grant permits for exercise of the liberty.)
[deleted]
fight back by getting the fuckers fired, dont shoot them, thats idiotic.(escalation anyone??)
You do realize the permanent damage that can be caused by a single strike with a blackjack. Notice the woman screaming in pain minutes after the shot she took lying on the ground?
&gt;but there are laws for doing it properly.

You're right, the law is the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America. The one that says it is illegal to make a law that prevents you from peacefully assembling.
[deleted]
Yeah, because from all the police corruption news stories you see they all get what they deserve right? Always.
And which country do you live in?
When you have time, rent and watch La Haine (1995)
really? that is what you *really* saw

~0:30 - police officer standing in the street putting his hands up in a non-threatening and calm manner...response "Stop Pushing Delgoto!!"

~1:30 - officer with 2 guys right in his face, we see the caption 'I will fucking kill you" but cannot actually hear him say anything.  The officer also pushes the protester (and lets be honest, it was a light push..mostly to get the guy out of his face)

~1:45 - officer appears to hit and kick protester, hard to tell what really happens considering the video clearly cuts out clips in no less then 3 places

~3:00 - officers arrest several people, they have them on the ground and are keeping them there, they are not kicking, punching, or taking another type of violent action against the people on the ground, just restraining them

~3:15 - officer hit a guy not listening with a hollow extension club three times or so

~4:00 - officers arrest another guy who would not back up

wow, so terrible...this is not even a *good* police violence videos aka one where people get actually hurt.
Hey Burt - STFU - the running into traffic began ONCE THE POLICE OVERSTEPPED THEIR BOUNDS and smart protestors ran away to keep from being victims.

Get the FUCK out of my country if you can't handle the concept of freedom of expression, I didn't bleed and have permanent damage to my body for assholes like you to turn this place into something worse than Orwell could envision.
Care to show me one example?
Sounds interesting with a high imdb rating, will do.
I'm really interested in this, too. Do they have horses? I think I've seen cops on horseback don that getup.
rather than sitting and bitching here on reddit what can we do about it. Who do we call? Who do we write to?
see, you as in the global you, clearly you cannot downmod me 20 times or so....see my other comment for some good content addition, and do note my original post was more of a question, and I would argue that my edit *does* bring up a good point...the extreme bias on reddit, and how it leads to the blind downmoding other's opinions (something I generally do not do)
More buttsex!
Well, when you, and I mean you and only you Grandon, call us (as in the entire reddit userbase) Morons, and compare downmodding comments to physically assaulting people and breaking an oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States, I have to say you deserved every down mod you got. Those sort of comments are not looked upon favorably, and people expressed their opinion, note, we can all still read your downmodded comment, or we can choose to ignore it and vote accordingly.
Much Much more...
Anytime a redditer calls me an asshole, I know that I must have said something truly great indeed!  Thanks for the compliment. And when my comments are disliked by the masses of liberal scum around here, and I get downmodded, it means that a closed minded liberal was forced to hear an opposing viewpoint.  What I'm saying to you reddit pieces of shit, is to quit jumping to conclusions so quickly about the cops, and the U.S., any all the other countless bullshit conspiracies everyone on here is always going on about. You people are the new sheep, it is pathetic movement of people passing judgement without both sides of the story, and it makes me sick. So, the more you losers downmod me, the happier I am.
it is harder to see, thus censored...also, still, please tell me where in this video all the physical assault and breaking of oaths took place.  And if I were have posted something like 'fuck the moron police in the ear' how much would you want to bet I would be upmoded atleast a few times?  Comments like that bring nothing to the table, where as mine atleast raises a point.
Did you mean buttsecks? http://encyclopediadramatica.com/Buttsecks
[deleted]
Erm, no. *North* America is Canada Mexico, etc. *South* America is Brazil, etc. America is the U.S.A. Basic reading comprehension, mate.

If you're going to be a smartass, at least do it right.
I give you my full support, jake222
&gt;it is harder to see, thus censored...

Gotta love property rights, it's reddit censoring you, not the Government - big difference. Also, if you don't like the rules, don't be a part of the community that lives by them by supporting a for profit website that can and should do whatever the hell it wants to since they are a private entity.

You don't have a right to protest on my lawn, but the public street 10 feet from it is fair game.
y halo thar
Jews run NY.
And each of these actions by the police is illegal. Read the constitution.
Which country would AlDente have to live in to make his point any less valid?
I can almost guarantee that I am more familiar with the constitution then you are, and I will say that not one of these things is against anything in the constitution.  Please direct me to the articles/clauses or amendments that any of the actions taken by these officers breach.
the camera man needs a fucking ass kicking. when protestors become annoying fucks by blocking streets and getting up in your face they deservea beat down.
Exhibit A: The ultimate proof that Jones is full of shit is that he's still alive.
http://www.buffalobeast.com/113/50_most_loathsome_2006.htm
Clinton is their top A pr man, got to say...
Horrible as it is, I wish he would just post the entire video even if some of it makes the protesters look bad.

There's nothing he could show that would justify the violence, but having it constantly cut away and rejoin just as the police are raising clubs just makes it suspicious.  IMO
Iceland? Andorra? Finland?
Yep, and America = North America + Central America + South America
[deleted]
Well, then learn what "Freedom of assembly" is all about. And from that you can probably derive why cops' actions are illegal.
"Freedom of assembly" does not mean you have the freedom to assemble in the entryway of the UN building at 7:34PM next Monday.

You have the freedom to assemble, but if you are in a group of people and you decide to walk (peacefully) towards a government building, you walk through police blockades (peacefully), you ignore police directives to stop (peacefully), expect to get stopped (not-so-peacefully).

Try it the next time the president is in town.  Peacefully walk towards the president, ignoring all demands that you stop and bypassing all established barriers.

You'd be lucky to only get the shit beat out of you.
Notice the people who are assembling at the end of the video?  The police, for some CRAZY reason, only went after the people who were yelling and getting in their faces.

not to mention:

Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people **peaceably** to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.

Now this has been found to apply to more then just congress..but the peaceably thing is the problem here.  If these protesters were not looking for a fight (aka getting all pissed off and running to the rally) they would have gotten there just fine and could have chilled out with everyone else there.

This is why your 'freedom of assembly' argument breaks down, the cops ONLY stopped a handful of people (and not the leaders or anything) the rest of the group was not 'beaten' or any of the other horrible claims that have been made on the internet.
peaceful != legal.

You can peacefully walk into a *public* clinic in protest and you'll be physically restrained and arrested for it.
America, China... whats the difference these days anyway?
What isn't in the constitution is human respect and the idea that you treat everyone, no matter what, with semi-kindness and balance.  Anger is each person's responsibility to manage and keep out of the public interaction spectrum.

But yeah, there nothing in the video that breaks a law but I'm sorry, I expect more from other human beings, including these fine NYPD.  

Is it so fucking hard to be nice?
Actually, if you mean the geographic location spanning more than one continent/region, it's generally best to be specific. i.e. the "American Continents."

Though, yes, it *can* be used that way, but generally isn't, thus invalidating harringf's bitching smartass rant.
Is it ironic that peace protesters intentionally break the law, refuse verbal commands to stop breaking the law, force police to physically stop them, and then complain about getting exactly what they wanted?
They were on public property, not a private clinic
put yourself in their shoes...bunch of guys getting in your face and screaming at you...if they were not cops a fight probibly would have started, but since they are they just hit them a few times to subdue and then restrained then

I mean, it is not like they were presently strolling down the street when the evil cops swooped in and handed out a smack down.
It doesn't matter whether they're private or public.  You can still trespass on public property.  You can still be arrested for trying to gain access to public property.  You can still be (violently) restrained for refusing to comply with a legal request by a police officer on public property.

This has always been the case.  These protesters were aware of that.  They wanted to be violently restrained.  That's why the brought video cameras.

There was a legal place they could protest and an illegal place . . . some of them chose the illegal place.

I mean, if they want to break the law and get arrested to get attention for their cause, that's fine.  But you can't break the law, get arrested, get attention for your cause AND pretend like you had your constitutional rights violated.

You can't have your cake and eat it too.
Definitely not the worst cop behavior ever but the idealist in me wants the default to be a nice cop, a servant first.  We love policing things here and it's starting to get a little too much.

That and everyone on the planet needs anger management classes.  Me included.
'peacefully' is a subjective word.  I'm sure what you didn't see on the video was them creating a dangerous situation with traffic or blocking a buisness from operating freely.  They could just as easily 'peacefully' protested in a different location which is why the police were trying to herd them elsewhere. Again the police weren't stopping them from protesting, but stopping them from protesting there.
Why would Anonymous support an authoritarian  religious regime against a dictatorial communist regime?  They both suck.
NONE of the protesters got into the police face. NONE. Police started this mess. Police started pushing and beating them.
Why is he getting downvoted? I thought it was common knowledge that the First Ammendment Freedom of Assembly is not unlimited.

Protesting peacefully on public property(!) is entirely lawful so long as you give authorities advance notice so that they can ensure everyone is safe.

Now, heavyhanded cops are another story.
If things continue to go that way the prez should change his tune for "They hate us for our police state".
OMG! did you see that one protester?
He had it coming, i mean, he *TOTALLY* gave that cop a dirty look.
Almost every other country.
I mean, you are just liing...the cops never beat anyone.  The most you see any cop hit someone is 3 or so times, with a hollow extension baton...ones that are specifically designed to not hurt you (as opposed to nightsticks).

You want to see some protesters getting into a cops face? Go to 1 min in and watch as 2 protesters walk right up to a cop (and the cop pushes them right back).  A group of clearly pissed off and aggressive people were going to what was a group of peaceful protesters, that is all this is.  The police showed up to monitor this clearly aggressive group and, when the cops arrived, the aggressive mob acted out against the cops....a big no-no...the cops promptly arrested the offending members of the group.
I know America is the usual way to refer to the United States in English and it'll probably be like that for a long long time. I'm not expecting to change the speaking habits of 1.6k Millon English speakers.

However, the main point still holds; being rigorous USA != America. Since USA is United States _of_ America it implies that USA is a subset of America hence  shouldn't be equated to America.
Wtf, you are so retarded, it's just beyond. They are hitting people not to hurt them? That's the stupidest thing I've heard today.

You're probably a cop or a cop friend/relative who tries to defend them. You're in a wrong place.
do you know what the hollow extension batons were made for? they were engineered to NOT break bones or leave any lasting damage. millions of dollars have been spend developing them to replace nightsticks (with will snap your leg in half)

someone who was resisting arrest got hit with one THREE times...that is three bruises, oh no!

edit: why not post again instead of edit your comment?  Anyways if you look at my posting history you will see me calling cops pigs and fucktards many times. See, the thing is in THIS case the uproar on reddit is uncalled for.

When you assume you just make an ass our of yourself
You mean officer **De**l**g**ad**o**?
Give me the details on your drive to work. I want to protest in front of your car and see what you do.
well, in the cops' defense, they probably didn't know where/what the fuck tibet is in the first place and probably thought the people were protesting some local corporation/politician.  

please note that i am being sarcastic.
So you're for 0 rules while protesting. If some fucker got in front of my car to stop traffic, I'd get out and move him myself.
CNN should air this clip and claim that it's Chinese police arresting Tibetan protesters.
[deleted]
probably rides a motorcycle.
Do you drive down the sidewalk?
Hmm... perhaps access to this website is a clue?
Its sad but I see police officers as the protection of the corrupt government, and to think once people actually went to them for help, and now they are the gestapo of our time, yet every tv-show shows police officers as heroes, what a PR campaign
If they were doing it on the public sidewalk, then tough shit. Peacefully in the eyes of the founders was "without needing to shove the barrel of a musket in your face."
I abhor the violence but, holy smokes that was some shitty camera work. I think that's the same guy who takes all the UFO sightings videos.
Well, I for one am glad - I was concerned that Britany was not going to get the kids for the weekend and Kevin was planning on going to that big party with Paris and Ryan. I mean isn't that more important the future of our freedom?
and all government is coercive, so...
[deleted]
Well, I (modded down into oblivion) was born and raised, and currently live in America. I have spent time in almost all 50 states (enough to have friends throughout at least 20-25 of them.)

But I have also lived in Japan, Ireland, England, Germany, Italy, Saudi Arabia, and had brief visits in even more places.

Ethnocentrism isn't a trait to be proud of, but all honest American's will admit that our culture has more than a dash of it.
[deleted]
I think one of the problem of people in reddit is that we actually think that the Media cares, (oh they must have just missed this), they don't care, does days seemed to have gone, find some soma(tv/game/sport) and enjoy
"To Punish and Enslave"
Do you not drive through any crosswalks?
Of course 'officers' with 'nice whity' names like Bush and Clinton,  would not have behaved like this.  They just justify 600,000 *dead* to maintain 'Oil security'!
The protesters were breaking the law, they were not innocent, and the cops weren't abusing their authority.

If you're going to engage in civil disobedience, pick a place with less sensitive security.  I mean, we're talking about the UN building here.  What those protesters did was idiotic and getting upset about them being forcibly restrained is absurd.
When the light is green, yes.
I drive through about a dozen unsignaled crosswalks on my way to work, and at each one the pedestrian has the right to stand there blocking my car for as long as they please.

Also, all driveways which cross a sidewalk are considered unmarked crosswalks.  Drivers must yield to pedestrians at driveways until the pedestrians exit the crosswalk . . . there's no time limit.

There's nothing you can do but call the cops and have the pedestrian forcibly removed (even though they aren't breaking the law) . . . but that would be police brutality.
I'm telling you my dear, that it can't happen here
[deleted]
Umm...I saw none of those things you just explained in that 7 minute video.
That's because they didn't use crosswalks the way they're supposed to be used.

http://www.flickr.com/photos/12529517@N03/2363325254/
Is abolishment another form of force?
Infowars. Well I don't really know anything about the Masons, but to see the same insanity in NYC and Tibet, I would accept that it is directed by the same sort of secret society simply because that would make more sense of it.
Yeah, and they were yelling even louder than the traffic. How is that polite?
[deleted]
yet
[This post](http://reddit.com/info/6dcug/comments/c03jgbo) sounded like a more defensible position.

Many peace protesters used to break the laws and refuse verbal commands to stop breaking the law so as to highlight the unjust law in its own merit.

Other protesters seem to think media viewers on the events are sufficiently unintelligent to connect the dots.
The U.S. *is* a republic.
&gt;it looks like you live in a police state.


What inherent arguments against police states come to mind?
Did the people you met in those other cases acknowledge Americans' ethnocentricism?

Their own?
The U.S. can *beat* China at more than just the Olympics.
Oh?  That's all?

Dam.

*checks off theory of police-officers as closet BDSM control-freaks who live for domination*
old.

so many newer examples.
You know what the problem really is...protesters need corporate sponsors.
The liberty to use them as we see fit?
**Police 101**: It's not a civilian if it's not civil.
I think that was a UN officer.  Fitting.
That was so funny I grinned and the severity of the situation was a little more bearable.

I'm unsure whether to thank or ignore you.
Become a cop or politician?
Probably was largely peaceful.  At every large protest there is a small number of people who are there to start trouble.

I'm not saying that is what happened here, but it is a possibility.
Wow, you're not very good at your job.
HOW CAN THIS HAVE A 660-UP/450-DN SPLIT ON REDDIT?! Who votes this down?

Sorry for leaching onto your comment.
Because a lot of Redditors find nothing wrong with Police State tactics. I know that's odd, but I have seen many a redditor say things like "Hey, they should use violence against protestors if it screws up my commute to work."

Just like the real world, we have all different viewpoints here - and no you aren't leeching.
Your quote reminds me of saying once of this old guy running over a protestor with his car that I can see where his anger derives, and thats not a good way to protest. But these people had a sidewalk so wide, and blocked no traffic... and it was the police who beat everyone without a camera.. My head is spinning more and more with time.


I have NEVER been to a protest before of any kind and up until now haven't felt the need to. But I will join any group in my city who would like to sit around with signs about this matter. I'll bring the camera's so we dont get beat.
Excuse for Bush to consider: they are potential terrorists aiming to throw dung on the UN.
LOL maybe finally you white people will learn to mind your own fucking business and keep your nose out of other country's problems, especially when you have problems of your own to deal with.
Its the Jews.

There were protests in Chicago by Tibetans which were peaceful.
&gt; what can we do about it

You should spend all your time and energy denigrating the Chinese, so that your own government will come in and violated your human rights while they've distracted you with racism.

America is full of idiots.
&gt; their own government... remember Waco? Because what is happening in Tibet is their own Waco - an uprising

No, no, no.  You're not getting it right.  America is run by white people, so crackdowns are GOOD.  However, China is run by CHINESE people, so crackdowns are BAD.

God, you're new at this racism thing.
What law is this?  My Japanese car has a big "Made in U.S.A." sticker on it.  I have another car (a GM) that also says "Made in U.S.A.".

It used to be that a number equal to the number of cars sold in Canada had to be made in Canada.  But shipping to Saskatchewan is cheaper from Utah or Arkansas than from Ontario, hence we get cars made in the states.
oh and who said China was oprpessing human rights? Haha.
Abolish the law? and the police? Solid solution?
Sounds more like a suspended mixture.
This is after the police officers were beating the shit out of the protestors...I'd try to run as well.
It was already ironic, but might as well keep piling it on.
*it*?
It's funny how the media treats this beating.  When it happened in China, it's all over the news.  When it happened in the U.S., it's just a blip.  What does that mean?  Human right violations are routine in the U.S. and are warranted any attention but human right violation in China is out of the ordinary?  Somehow something doesn't compute in that statement.
With something so important you would think they would provide better quality video. It's not that difficult to do.
I like how so many reddit readers will believe anything they are fed, as long as it's anti-government.  The title should have been "Man walks around with camera making things up." The video didn't show anyone being shoved and I didn't hear the cop say he was going to murder anyone.  Near the end there were individual frames with helpful labels telling me what to believe instead of the actual events.  

What I did see was some officers possibly overstepping their authority.  It's hard to tell with this poorly shot and heavily edited video.  Also, at about 2:10 I see an officer trying to keep people from running in traffic.   That fascist!

You eat propaganda right up when it conveniently lines up with what you already believe.
[deleted]
Reddit needs to out government IPs like wikipedia does. Something must be going on. Who, in their right mind, would watch this and then vote it down?
You say "IN AMERICA" as if that means anything anymore.
I just checked on google news about this. Nothing. Someone video tapes us cops attacking peaceful protests and it is not even newsworthy?
Because the headline says "infowars.net" and most redditors don't read the articles. They just downmod with extreme prejudice because - due to lack of the ability of making up ones own mind or even do own research - they instead aquired the opinion of someone else saying anything Alex Jones does sucks and all his articles are CT-nonsense.
I notice a lot of odd up/down voting for inexplicable reasons on a great many posts.
Don't you think they will take your camera and remove the film, etc.?

But then, that did not happen in this case did it?
**Those cops will be dead by the end of the week.**
[deleted]
You ignored my point. I see a couple of cop cars parking on the sidewalk as they deal with the protesters. Big deal. I don't see a peacefull demonstration, I don't see the protesters doing what they are asked. I do see a whiny, grossly exagerating, ignorant bitch that doesn't know how to work a camcorder.

Give me the details on your drive to work. I want to protest in front of your car and see what you do.
You need to watch the shitty video a few more times.
You completely ignore the rights of others to be unobstructed. Sidewalks are public property. If you think they have a right to obstruct traffic, which they were doing, then I'd like to park my ass in front of your driveway (if you have one) and see what you do as I tell you it's public property.
And this is supposed to be the religion of the acceptance of suffering ;-)
If any of you have studied critical thinking you'll realise that an ad-hominem attack is no way to win an argument, you just look like you have NO argument.
it!
Because downvoting a story doesn't mean you support beating peaceful protesters, it means you want to see less of this type of story.
There are alot of Asians. More than you think. In general the Chinese are super nerds.

And then there's the anal retentive who dont like the "living hell out of" part. 

I wouldn't be surprised if these Chinese nerds had some automatic program that up/down mods.
The idea of a protest is to get attention towards a cause. I think affecting traffic in a center of commerce could easily grant you that. The fact is, to me, that the police absolutely overstepped the boundaries. The guy is clubbing protesters on the sidewalk. He walks up to protesters shoving them and clubbing them. Really, is that the way to say: "Hey you're getting in the way of traffic"?

As bonked says; The ***First Amendment Rights*** grant Freedom Of Expression. What kind of a world are we living in if you get clubbed and beat up because you didn't get a 'protest permit'?
not really since reddit isn't blocked in China...
demonstrating for a "free tibet" in the united states of facism is just dumb.
– you mean a chinese version of the jewish internet megaphone or something?
jews. they want to be the only victims.
..how do you view the up/down votes?

edit: oh, there's tabs.. been here for ages and yet my eyes have always glanced past them.
Based on what I saw in the video the protesters may have been peaceful, but they were still acting like pricks.

I'm not saying they deserved to be beaten... but it didn't look like a bad cop/innocent protester situation.
watch the video.
italy?
apple. unfortunately.
china doesn't export "democracy".
by who? by the jewish-owned MSM?
free USA!
"Ironic that new york is actually a very secure place compared to their poblation density"

you are pobobly right.
stop drinking.
I just came.
&gt; they will take your camera and remove the film

Film?!
I AM ashamed, very much so, and have been for a long time now.  Unfortunately we've been very unsuccessful at correcting the situation as our entire country has been taken over by neo-con fascists.  We've effectively lost control over the actions of our government.  I fear that violent uprisings may be the only path towards restoring this government and returning the country back to the people.  These are sad times.  To everyone else in the world, an infinite of apologies aren't enough  to express how some of us feel.
&gt; Now this has been found to apply to more then just congress..

Even if it hadn't before, the 14th Amendment settled that question in the affirmative.
&gt; Why is he getting downvoted?

Most redditors are smart enough to read the headline, see that it's an Alex Jones link, and not even bother wading into the comments of the paranoid outrage crowd.

So the population of people reading and modding these comments is decidedly slanted.
&gt; Many peace protesters used to break the laws and refuse verbal commands to stop breaking the law so as to highlight the unjust law in its own merit.

The law against actively disrupting business at a government or diplomatic building in New York City is an *unjust law*?

I think you have a confused idea of just what civil disobedience is.
Are you suggesting that police brutality is an escapable part of totalitarian government?
I think you have a confused idea of what I think.
Not to make light of these events, but I think the media latches onto China because of the brutal violence - killings and endless imprisonment - that are happening there.  A light beating about the face in America is not judged to be as severe.  While I'd prefer to see protestors treated with the respect they are due in both countries, frankly I am a lot more concerned about the ones being killed for their beliefs than the ones getting beaten up.  As well, I trust that the officers in the US will get what's coming to them - I'm not so sure about the Chinese ones.
Yeah, and those clothes, he really was
ASKING
FOR
IT
Violence

Edit: Fear of GAWD too
dude, you're a retarded pacifist.  please go away.
Exactly, 'mate' - You wish America was the USA - America is a continent (let me know if this is too difficult of a word for you to comprehend - I am not trying to be a 'smart ass', just trying freeing your mind from what you learn from the lazy US 'News' media) But I can see that you already have too much "American Idol" show in your lazy mind.
But I will not dwell on this subject -It is not really worth it. I will dwell on the fact that USA is no more especial than any other country in America or Europe for that matter when it comes to "human rights".

Ah, by the way, if you go with that thought - Let's call the USA the "World", since they hold the WORLD Series in Baseball.
Well, yes, we all want to see less of this type of story. The way to do that? Not by voting these stories down, but by holding the Police RESPONSIBLE for their actions and, if necessary, preventing them from holding positions of power ever again by whatever means  are at your disposal.
... enlightened anarchy ftw?
&gt; Reddit needs to out government IPs like wikipedia does

Agreed

Edit: maybe add police IPs too
I live in the UK. And if this happened over here the media would be all over it. Papers would cover it widely. That's why it tends not to happen here.
some legit law enforcement.
&gt; Many peace protesters used to break the laws and refuse verbal commands to stop breaking the law so as to highlight the unjust law in its own merit.

So which law did they break that was unjust?
I think it's because it isn't entertaining. Theres a pretty high amount of users who use these sites to find funny things rather than read about the state of the world. These downvotes have stopped it from hitting the top of the home page, and now it is barely on the homepage anymore.
Exactly.  If this happened in Canada, I might be surprised.
Who is being the smartass here? You're not even remotely on topic.
[deleted]
Or in any other country in the EU.
Fitting? What is that supposed to mean?
nice. this is the only reason i might support the right to bear arms.
Yeah, because, you know, Canada has [nothing](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/montreal/story/2007/08/22/ot-police-070822.html) [but](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwpktK35UTE) [good cops](http://torontoist.com/2007/08/bon_cop_bad_cop.php)...

Cops are cops, geographical location is irrelevant.
You're thinking of Digg.
It exports plenty of its supposed values, right onto all those Tibetan corpses.

That's they way china, show us your moral high ground! America is already embracing torture, what else can you teach the west?
Sitting in the backs of buses. Segregated schools.

Do bear in mind that some advocates of either States' rights or community self-determination feel that these laws were *not* unjust since it is what the community chose.
I agree.  I have no use for the donut-sucking, steroid-abusing ignorant military rejectees that "serve and protect".  But Canada's cops, while trying their best to catch up with the level of corruption exhibited by American cops,  just haven't been trying hard enough.
[deleted]
No, *NORTH America and South America are continents. America is the name that can refer to many things. Bitching about people refering to one of those meanings is wrong.

BTW, what you are doing is akin to bitching about a team calling them selves "world" champions after they win the "World" series.,
"brutal violence", like the violence used on numerous americans by bullying police officers every day in America?
"killings", like the victims of american state sanctioned torture of CIA, FBI etc.?
"endless imprisonment", like those WAr on Drugs political prisoners that accounted for just over 43% of all incarcerations in the US last year?
The US incarcerates more people every year than Russia and China put TOGETHER!
That is not rhetoric, do some research if you think it's far-fetched.
Brought to you by the "Patriot Act supporting civil liberty forfeiting crowd with nothing to hide".
Those that refrain from protesting the loss of civil liberties will simply be the last who are oppressed!
That sounds like a damn good idea!
Trolling the trollsters, iiiii...like it!
Well, if the number one US export is debt, (check the CIA facts book under national production), then maybe we should all boycott debt!
No more credit cards, no new mortgages etc. !
I agree with you. I don't think this bodes well for the Tibetans, it seems like they are causing problems where ever they protest. Like you said, they were blocking traffic and the police did the right thing in containing them. People forget that a group of fifty or more determined individuals can do a log of damage to the surrounding buildings and hurt a lot of innocent bystanders.
I think you put it well and don't see how someone can refute what you said, other than down voting your correct comment. As if the validity of a comment is based on its points.
I am about 100% sure that you have no qualification or insight into what the problem with America is.
And that's why the British aren't allowed at any soccer games. Don't pretend that this stuff doesn't happen in the UK, you guys have messed up the world and we are left cleaning up the mess you've caused.
Nice fabrication, well done. The British are responsible for many wrongs, but the US is on a different scale. And we don't let our police treat us like yours do (in that video). Anyway, I'm off to watch some *football* (you know, the one that involves feet and a ball). Enjoy your police state and ineffectual media.
Oh, yeah, they should have protested in an authorized "free speech" zone, right?
Don't you think the government would then concentrate on liniting free speech zones to 3 square yards in the middle of the local dump if they could?
You might be one of the last people that gets harrassed by the "authorities", but by that time there will be noone left to protest!
If you don't believe in free speech for the opinions you despise, you don't believe in free speech at all!
With weapons, the liberty is implicit.
My comment was sort of tongue in cheek. I think the UK police treat the people they are supposed to protect and serve far better than their counterparts in the States perhaps because of your ban on guns.
http://reddit.com/info/6daqa/comments/c03jjgf
The ban on guns may have something to do with it, but I think it's more to do with a genuine free press that isn't (yet) concerned only with deep throating corporate cock and pleasing shareholders. Genuinely free media keeps government and police in check. On the whole anyway.
Man, I know your type.  Your life must really suck, doesn't it?
So then why did it work so well for King and Ghandi?
If you try to fight the police with violence, you will lose.
Not only can they, and will they , fight back with more force than you could ever muster, they would easily turn public opinion in their favor.
But hey.  Give it a shot and let me know how it goes.
Try reading it again, not to be snarky. It *used* to work. Back when a mass protest was a new thing, and the crowd was something to be feared even if currently working under nonviolence. 

Sure, "protests" existed before Ghandi, but it being non-violent was only a temporary thing. It could erupt at any second. In fact Ghandi stopped mass killing by the activists that came under his wing.

Perhaps, just perhaps, what Ghandi did worked solely because before he reigned in the people, they were killing everyone they could get their hands on? Perhaps what King did wouldn't have worked so well if the Black Panthers and Malcolm X were the alternative the white leaders knew would gain a greater following?

Just something to think about.
not at all. but what inherent arguments for a police state comes into your mind?
cute - you have loads to learn. please check "legit law enforcement" and "israel". good luck.
I imagine the same benefits that anyone would want from the State: Peace, stability, the surety that policy designs would be implemented as drafted.
[deleted]
This event took place in America; I was referring to some legit US law enforcement. (Yes, it is hard to come by). But these cowards who are paid to be cops know absolutely nothing about Tibet...
Democracy to police state in a few short years. I used to admire America and Americans but no longer.  This is just one more event that causes despair as you fall from the ranks of civilised nations

Summary:
did you see that one protester?
You're not getting it right.
You want to see some protesters getting into a cops face?
Free Tibet... oh and free the tibet protesters!
I know I will get downmoded, but...
but that would be police brutality.
The way to do that?
I just think people are trying way to hard on this one.
This video shows you live in a police state.
I want to protest in front of your car and see what you do.
Thing is the police caused the problem here, not the protesters.
I think that was a UN officer.
Protesting peacefully on public property(!)
You don't get out much, do you.
And we don't let our police treat us like yours do (in that video).
I think you have a confused idea of what I think.
You call that getting the living Hell beat out of you?
And if this happened over here the media would be all over it.
The world needs more of those!
I live in the UK.
Cops are illegally pushing and beating people.
The law says it has to be made in Canada.
The guy is clubbing protesters on the sidewalk.
Police started pushing and beating them.
If you don't believe in free speech for the opinions you despise, you don't believe in free speech at all!
&gt;it looks like you live in a police state.
From this video it looks like you live in a police state.
The protesters were out of control.
Man, I know your type.
I don't know, maybe he is a motorcycle cop.
I just choose to spend my time doing something other than watching police brutality videos.
Tell me, what are the US media making of this?
So no one was killed.
And which country do you live in?
The U.S. can *beat* China at more than just the Olympics.
You say "IN AMERICA" as if that means anything anymore.
You're right, the law is the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America.
The one that says it is illegal to make a law that prevents you from peacefully assembling.
NONE of the protesters got into the police face.
I don't see a peacefull demonstration, I don't see the protesters doing what they are asked.
Yeah, because from all the police corruption news stories you see they all get what they deserve right?
Cops don't regularly beat the living hell out of peaceful protestors In America.
You need to watch the shitty video a few more times.
Also, at about 2:10 I see an officer trying to keep people from running in traffic.
If this happened in Canada, I might be surprised.
And each of these actions by the police is illegal.
As well, I trust that the officers in the US will get what's coming to them - I'm not so sure about the Chinese ones.
Did you see how the cop cars were driving onto sidewalks to block their peaceful protest?
Again the police weren't stopping them from protesting, but stopping them from protesting there.
This is after the police officers were beating the shit out of the protestors...I'd try to run as well.
To say I am surprised would be a lie.
The idea of a protest is to get attention towards a cause.
I don't think this bodes well for the Tibetans, it seems like they are causing problems where ever they protest.
They are beating the hell out of them and they need to fight back.
Horrible as it is, I wish he would just post the entire video even if some of it makes the protesters look bad.
The liberty to use them as we see fit?
I think it's because it isn't entertaining.
Accept it, and get over it.
I mean, you are just liing...the cops never beat anyone.
What is that supposed to mean?
The camera man says he has never seen anything like this before.
I feel like I'm going to spew.
Like you said, they were blocking traffic and the police did the right thing in containing them.
So which law did they break that was unjust?
not really since reddit isn't blocked in China...
That will TOTALLY help show the police non-violent protests work.
Who, in their right mind, would watch this and then vote it down?
They are hitting people not to hurt them?
To say that I am not shocked would be a lie as well.
**Americans** - you should be ashamed of your police force.
Did you actually *watch* that video?!?
I'm surprised that they let him do that as well, most of the time police will arrest someone like that for "interfering."
Something must be going on.
Protesting isn't illegal, but there are laws for doing it properly.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.76
