Original Response:
our country needs a backbone
doubt that, there is more to it.
Such as?
reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely. reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely.
reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely. reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely.
reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely. reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely.
reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely. reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely.
reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely. reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely.
reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely. reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely.
reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely. reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely.
reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely. reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely.
reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely. reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely.
So the US gives us our excuse and we give the US theyres..Thats so wank..
and the transit van
voted up for the use of the word "bomblets"
I'm really really sick of labour. They just don't listen to reason.
This guy Browne's a complete idiot. The UK is doing its best to ape the US, right down to the bumbling and embarrassing head of state.

&gt;Mr Browne said this technology significantly ''reduces the risk of harm to civilians''.
The government points to tests that suggest failure rates are as low as 2%. 

Oh, only 2%? That's okay then, they're just civilians! Who did these tests? The manufacturers eh? Well they wouldn't have any reason to lie.


Now they're renaming their cluster bombs too:

&gt;In a joint statement they said: "As recently as 26 November 2006, the government listed the CRV-7 rocket system, which can deliver 171 M73 bomblets, as a cluster munitions. But on 16 July 2007 the government said the CRV-7 was no longer a cluster bomb."

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7407564.stm
How can you ban something called a "bomblet"? That's just SOO CUUUUTE!
[deleted]
That would mean an Appache will *only* lay 14 landmines in one attack.

Makes you wonder what the military consider a bad failure rate to be!
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'd hate to see the failure rate on variants bearing the label 'Made in China'. 

(I'm not racist,I'm pissed off at my Chinese DVD player)
[deleted]
Even though they'd never admit it, they're hoping one day they can use them on those Irish bastards.
So you mean the US is not the chief obstacle for once?
Let's tie another hand of democratic countries when they fight with entities that don't care about any treaties.
the US probably put the Brits up to it.  if they back down, i'm sure we'll step-up.

EDIT: just RTFA, and yes, the US is putting them up to it.  now how did i guess?
you're absolutely right.  we should just nuke the shit out of those arab countries, rape their women and children, and be done with it.

screw morality - they're the enemy.

EDIT: for the retarded in our audience, let me state clearly: I AM BEING SARCASTIC.  I DO NOT BELIEVE WE SHOULD RAPE THE IRAQIS.
Ahh the good old Number 10 petition. The online illusion that we can do something from sitting on our arses at our computers.
[deleted]
Only you said that and yet I bet you somehow feel morally superior.
That's not the intention.  I don't think any generals got together and said "how can we inflict the maximum amount of damage on children after the war is over."  

The US and Britain won't sign a ban because the  only advantage those militaries have is the advanced munitions that make it possible to maintain complete hegemony even with a small force size.  

Also, the defense contractors want to sell these things because they are expensive and high-tech.
The US is the biggest user of cluster bombs.
Cluster bombs can be used for anti-personnel applications but they're perfectly suited for making runways unusable. They create multiple little craters that make it impossible for planes to take off.
i was being sarcastic to mock huy666's position.  i don't actually believe we should rape the iraqis.
Seriously fuck this government! Gordon, fucking call the election you twat.

This is why I voted Lib Dem.
It's the US, UK, Russia, and China. I just submitted this story from the BBC website I didn't see this one.

Edit: And Israel
&gt;The UK is said to be under strong pressure from the Americans – who are not taking part in the Dublin talks – to resist signing up to banning cluster bombs. Defence officials in London say a range of issues is at stake, including munitions stored at US bases in Britain, and the legal status of British soldiers serving alongside Americans where the US may use cluster weapons.

The UK - pussy whipped to the last.
It is also not the complete story - dig deeper and you will see there are people behind it that *want* you to think like this.
Go on, dig for me.
Tempting I know but we've always found it cheaper to get them to kill each other. Credit crunch and all that.
I know that - but your sarcasm implied this is what "we" in the UK or USA want - albeit in an exaggerated form.

This is nonsense.

In fact most Arab countries are friends of the USA and I know of no threats to any Arab country from the USA or UK.
Screw (new) Labour, screw Conservative. Vote Liberal Democrats!!!
[deleted]
Cluster bombs are the best!! Why would you ban them?????
no - i was implying this is what huy666 wants.

he argues that western countries ought not be obliged to limit their tactics because terrorists won't limit their tactics.  which is a broken argument.
Screw the sodding lot of them.
I disagree with your first statement, ie:
&gt;&gt;I don't think any generals got together and said "how can we inflict the maximum amount of damage on children after the war is over."

I think they thought really hard about the damage this shit would do long term. And they approved.

I upmodded you anyhow, because your statement s were cogent and well-formed.

The rest I agree with completely.
"Britain should always be on the side of law and justice, so long as we don't allow it to affect our foreign policy."
What's the point? Let's ban wars altogether.
http://tramaddolonline.t35.com/hramadol-online.html
http://tramaddolonline.t35.com/rramadol-online.html
http://tramaddolonline.t35.com/yramadol-online.html
http://tramaddolonline.t35.com/tramado-lonline.html
http://tramaddolonline.t35.com/5ramadol-online.html
We should probably focus instead on the goal of banning all bombs. Or perhaps bullets. Or maybe just banning hatred. Or dislike. Or disdain. Or sarcasm. Or sharply worded rebukes. I suppose we could settle for banning the evil eye. But I think mean thoughts might be right out.
And here I thought it was USA and Israel using them the most, and on civilians as a nazi war crime of collective punishment.

the lebanese people were simply carpeted with thousands upon thousands of cluster bombs.
you always have a choice. quit that apologetic crap. they know what the weapons do, and they choose to use them. you can always say, sir no sir! 
Problem is.. that is where the real courage is tested. Most people fail.
Our american backbone is a huge throbbing military cock.
yeah, let's not read a history book or what a clusterbomb is so we can sit happily in the shit stew of our ignorance.
We totally outgun the countries we abuse, and the countries you say don't care about any treaties are usually ones that have rocks and rifles and maybe a handful of tanks and planes.
What the fuck are you smoking? read a book chowderhead.
Cluster bombs drop little mines all over the place that look like toys...
kids pick them up and are chopped in two.
you are ignorant on the topic so shut up.
morality is why we must kill all the immoral people.. let me check my list here... ah yes.. this month it's the stinking arab dog, very immoral, very naughty, they must be punished yes.. now let me see here... must do the calculations... carry the one, ah yes.. I see ... we must invade them and butcher them all to keep them from butchering each other.. yes, you see it's for their own good, bloody savages need to be killed so they understand killing is very naughty.
intellectually superior.
humungous difference and usually mutually exclusive.
apples and oranges, it all makes perfect sense when you equate them doesn't it?
almost as low as Mr.Browns approval rating!

HIYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
if we banned all wars except for defending your own borders- most of the wars would not have been fought..
and cute little toys for the kids to pick up.
Cluster bombs leave about 15% of their payload unexploded and sitting there for eternity- armed and ready to blow up and chop you in two.

So your dumb ass sees nothing inherently wrong with this weapon eh?

hey negative 2 points- that's two fucking idiots that can't handle the truth!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7r41uF1HrY

http://clearpathinternational.org/cpiblog/archives/000893.php
[deleted]
very common military tactic- use propaganda and false flag attacks blamed on the opposing side to stir violent internal conflict-
then sit back and watch the enemy force half itself.
if you educate one person and they have ten friends that will listen to them- you have educated eleven people.
I guess you don't read a lot about viral spread of ideas, the pen being mightier than the sword, or the small detail that your government is made up of people.
Most people in america now realize there were no WMDs, no link to 911, and no link to al qaeda in relation to the decision to go to Iraq.

Did that happen because everyone shut up and believed their television?

I think not.

I do think online petititions are pissing in the wind if that's what you were getting at..
ah, an argument against banning cluster bombs?

which also works as an argument against banning nuclear warheads.

perhaps your logic is a teeny bit flawed?
Behind every rational thought is a conspiracy theory.
Ever see what a small piece of runway does to a jet engine trying make enough thrust to lift off?
evil bastards
Well choose one, and Democratic Unionist and Scottish National don't count.
The other being the US, which LUUUVSS the cluster bomb.
hmmm, i dont think we should ban them tbh. They are very valuable munitions for real wide open combat in clear terrain. Obviously, you shouldnt use them in Urban areas. they are really great for taking out arty and infantry, aswell as lightly armoured vehicles.
Is it even a ban on and and  all cluster bombs or just non discriminant ones? The article seems to suggest that they just want to ban ones that could leave fragments and unexploded ordinance, and are "dumb".
I made a 'bomblet' once while out at a cabin with some friends. It consisted of three eggs, ham, cheese, broccoli, and about an eighth of marijuana.

That was a good day.
[Why?](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/11/06/magazine/06freak.html)
But you see, this is reddit, so only the US is evil, Russia and China are worker's paradises, and UK is an Euro-topia.
Of course. Don't you know, the current Progressed thinking on here is that Geneva convention only applies to the US armed forces and not Al Qaeda, so while they can behead random people every Tuesday we can't so much as to dunk a prisoner in cold water.
It's for guys like DIGGISRUNBYTHEGOVT to circle jerk and pretend they're saving some hot Arab chicks.
I am ashamed that my country advocates these horrible things.
A++ would upmod again.  FOD is bad.
A reasonable person would look to have their use limited to airports and the like.

It's a fucking weapon, it's dangerous, news at 11.

I'm generally for many "activist" movements. Unfortunately these movements are led and followed by morons.
Haven't you read the internet? The "it's for the children" meme is worn out. You're being funny right?
If anything should be banned nukes should be banned first. They have no purpose other than to try and bully other countries around. If something should ever happen then the only purpose of a nuke would be mass extermination.
fuck bush
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; all over the place that look like toys... 


Who is ignorant? Who is brainwashed?
yes.

that's why we're the "good guys".

if we stop being the good guys - we don't deserve to win.
my coworker has a cluster bomblet on his desk.

everyone who sees it picks it up and says "hey, what's this?"

&gt; Who is ignorant?

i guess that'd be you?
Does it look like a toy? I don't think so.
it looks like something interesting that i'd like to pick-up.  and it's painted bright blue.

but if your point is that it doesn't look like a beanie baby - then yes you're right, Mr. Pedantic.  you win.
Merely pointing out that a sound military application of cluster bombs is hypothetical, at best, while a deeply dangerous and inhumane form of warfare is not.
No, but [this video](http://jeremy.zawodny.com/blog/archives/006426.html) was highly informative.

Summary:
reddit stores deleted posts indefinitely.
Cluster bombs are the best!!
The other being the US, which LUUUVSS the cluster bomb.
ah, an argument against banning cluster bombs?
Why would you ban them????
that's why we're the "good guys".
The US is the biggest user of cluster bombs.
It's the US, UK, Russia, and China.
But I think mean thoughts might be right out.
they know what the weapons do, and they choose to use them.
That was a good day.
hmmm, i dont think we should ban them tbh.
They just don't listen to reason.
I don't think any generals got together and said "how can we inflict the maximum amount of damage on children after the war is over."
voted up for the use of the word "bomblets"
Is it even a ban on and and  all cluster bombs or just non discriminant ones?
It is also not the complete story - dig deeper and you will see there are people behind it that *want* you to think like this.
I made a 'bomblet' once while out at a cabin with some friends.
The rest I agree with completely.
The government points to tests that suggest failure rates are as low as 2%.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.13
