Original Response:
This pisses me off so much.  It's assholes like this that give men a bad name.
I am always amazed when shit like this happens in a large group.  Not one good person in the bunch, really?
When there are more people, everyone tends to think someone else will step in, and everyone is doing it...it can't be bad right? This reminds me of that murder in the 60's where 34 people saw a woman die and did nothing.
[deleted]
I know what you mean. That bitch was fat.
uhh.. yeah, perhaps they should rename it "Pics or it Didn't Happen Trail".
Being a "good person" is overrated.  We need more proactive people.

edit: quotes added
The Behavior Experiments:
http://www.livevideo.com/media/playvideo_fs.aspx?fs=1&amp;cid=7BA0DFC570AC4146A1102D93D00F217B
Do you know anything about your species? Anything at all?
People are going to say I'm blaming the victim.  Whatever.  Those guys are obviously the ones to blame, but in a place I like to call reality, people need to exercise a bit more common sense if they want to avoid dangerous situations.  Yes, in a perfect world, a young woman could take a walk down a university trail alone on a spring break night after five drinks while wearing a tube top; no worries.  But this is not a perfect world, this is Lord of the Flies.

I'm glad she fought back.
Sure, I am a hermit because I hate the sheeple.  However, myself and my friends cover many different cliques and none of us would have watched it happen and just stood by.  Surely out of "thousands of people" there should be someone like me?
She's fat.
How do you know you're right about yourself?  Have you been in a similar situation and been the one to break from the mob and step in for the good of a victim?  And arguing with people on the internet does not count.

We would all like to think we would be that person, but we must accept that evolution has made us basically subconsciously driven beings, prone to mob mentality, with just a sprinkling of intelligence.
Well, I'm sure there are millions - if not billions of us that would like to think we'd intervene for individual rights in the face of a crowd. 

History however suggests otherwise.
I agree.  I'm glad she fought back, and I'm impressed that she could fight so effectively after 2 screwdrivers and 3 beers (or whatever it was).

But you cannot trust strangers to look after you when you're _sober._  If you're drunk in public, it's just a big welcome mat for fraudsters, perverts, and other scum.  

_Hi, I'm jesshica.  I'm schutpid enough to get shOOO drunk in punblic and then place myself in the power of guysh who look as good as you!_
I can't say I've been in a situation where someone was getting their boobs juggled in public but yes I've stepped in to stop various things from happening to complete strangers multiple times.  My friends have done the same.
I'm a UConn student, and I have mixed feelings about this.  This is written by the editor-in-chief of the school paper and was featured as the main front page story in the last issue of the semester.  On the one hand, something fucked up probably happened and the guy who did it will never get caught.  On the other hand, it's a one-sided first person account of an alleged crime that has not been brought to justice.  What if the editor-in-chief were someone accused of sexual assault writing his/her side of the story on the front page of the school paper?  The front page is not her personal platform.  Why didn't someone interview her?
Wish she had a .357 with her.  Just because someone's been drinking doesn't mean that they can't use deadly force to prevent rape.

One rapist dead of a 157gr slug through the face and that trail would have been the safest place on campus within a week.

I actually got booted from a sexual assault / rape crisis group for suggesting that perhaps the center should offer free firearms training for women to get their concealed carry permits.
Then I salute you sir. ;)  Stay vigilant.
She's fat and ugly, I call bullshit.
Well, I have intervened in various situations and so have my friends.
oo! oo!! I do! I do!

&lt;ahem&gt;

We are a bunch of barely-socialized cavemen that have spent millions of years evolving to protect our pack and spread our seed, and right now we've spent about 4,000 years trying to pretend that stuff never happened and that we can behave nicely around other people. And over the last 60 years we've actually been working on ignoring the xenophobia that drives our survival instincts. 

But sometimes, especially when we're back in the pack, we kinda forget. 

How did I do?
I don't know if I agree with using deadly force for fondling, but I do believe the mere sight of it would have stopped it. 

That said, the point about the firearm training isn't that bad. Guns get demonized a lot, but it is a good way to empower yourself against aggressors. I believe there's even a group dedicated to gay gun owners. 

I used to scoff at the idea of gun rights, but I agree with them now.
Well, before I judge it would be nice to hear at least one other Eye Witness to testify on what they saw.  She did say she saw a friend in the crowd, can he verify this?  I am not saying I don't believe her, but since the duke case I am a little leary on passing judgment on groups of people just because one person says so and so happened.
It's hard to say if a mere fondling is the end result. ( retyped that a couple times, and couldn't think of a good way to say that for what it's worth).

The gay gun rights group is the Pink Pistols. "Armed gays don't get bashed".

http://www.pinkpistols.org/
I don't think her story was entirely true, it seemed stylized to make a point.

She was too detailed in some of her descriptions of the struggle.  I doubt she could have not noticed the crowd forming.  I also doubt she could have known how many people it took to pull her off of her assaulter.  That is, especially while intoxicated.  It seems unlikely that she could have escaped and outrun that many men, if they really wanted to assault her.  Notice she also makes a point of how much ass she kicked in order to give her female readers a feeling of empowerment. 

I call shens, or at the very least, I believe she embellished. 

More likely, it seems, that some guy came along and made a rough pass at her, and she freaked out.  That would certainly explain why no-one was arrested even though there were myriad witnesses.  

This whole story smells more like a parable distributed to affect the females behavior on campus.
Anybody else find it curious that this story and the "Things I Did Last Night.com" story are on the front page at the same time?
Sounds like drunk girl was harassed by drunk guys, and everyone else was so busy drinking they didn't know the entire chronology of the events.  Probably thought it was some lovers' quarrel.  Seeing a topless girl in a bar is not exactly unusual and most people probably didn't see what led up to it.
Ah, reddit, I love you so much. But when rape-related posts become hot, the ensuing comments make me think twice.
Why not give women a free pass to commit murder  with the only explanation needing to be "He was trying to assault me".

Oh and false rape accusations aren't all that uncommon.  Maybe something to keep in mind. 

http://www.anandaanswers.com/pages/naaFalse.html
http://www.ncjrs.gov/txtfiles/dnaevid.txt
http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,194032,00.html
Yeah I can dig what you say.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kitty_genovese

The murder of Kitty Genovese?
I agree, firearms and drinking are a great mix. I cant imagine a jury in the world convicting a drunken woman firing into a crowd of college kids. Rapists, all of them!
Being proactive is part of being good.  You might even phrase it by saying that courage is a virtue.
Perhaps harassment occurred, but to what extent?  The article seems like it is pandering to the notion that college guys are rapists.  That, combined with a lack of any arrest and the female Bruce Lee made flesh, makes me question the validity of the story.  

The story is just too perfect, and I have heard a lot of bs stories.

1 - Crowd of people who wouldn't help.

2 - Foreshadowing in the form of warnings before hand.

3 - Ass kicking fem.

4 - Friend in the crowd that wouldn't come to her aid.

5 - Lack of any follow-up or witnesses.

6 - Parable like structure to the story.


This story has all the makings of a modern blockbuster.
[deleted]
exactly what i was thinking. One of the rules of a CCW is you can't be in a place that has sales of 75% or more of alcohol, which pretty much says clubs/bars. But yea even with a .01 you will be in trouble.
It sounded to me like she was just trying to remind fellow students to be aware, even when you feel safe. She did not name names, or point out a particular group.
Shit like this happens all the time. Shit much worse happens occasionally. And then people are shocked and angered by school shootings and suicides? Amazing.
A+.

see me after class.
Also how do you know whom is right?  If you just walked up and seen a girl punching the shit out of some guy how do you know it's not just a lover's quarrel?  How do you know who is the victim and who is the aggressor?  It's would be hard to discern that situation.

Secondly, what if you did do something and try to break up the fight?  It could make things worse, a lot worse.  It would be mistake for aggression towards the girl and the crowd could be 'for' or 'against' that... or even participate.  Or the guys buddy could jump in and it could turn into a full blown riot/mob beating.  Over what?  

Over a situation you don't have all the context or information about.


You say you would do the 'right thing', but I doubt you would be able to even tell whom was right or wrong and sometimes it's not even that black and white.

For all you know it could be some crazy meth bitch freaking out on a college student.
except that indifferent and apathetic people are far from "good."
You're 100% correct.  No one should report on themselves... unless it is presented as commentary (this wasn't...it apparently led on the front).

I mean the story is fucked up, but journalistic integrity demands at least the appearance of ... objectivity ... especially with the very serious allegations she makes.

edit: to not sound like an idiot.
You have to understand that for women, even though it may not make sense, there is often the   belief among peers (and to themselves!) that if they did not at least attempt at "ass-kicking", then they somehow deserved the harassment. 

Of course she would portray herself as a strong, ass-kicking woman. If she didn't, then she'd be a "slut that was asking for it" or something ridiculous. 

Besides, who's to say she wasn't an ass-kicking woman?? 

And in response to your numbered questions:

1. Sure, that never happens. People ALWAYS jump in and help! Especially drunk College kids! /sarcasm
2. Hindsight 20/20....
3. see above comments
4. see #1
5. drunk college kids (#1?)
6. Well, she is the ed of a paper. How else is she supposed to write it so people remember it?

Have you ever been sexually harassed in a way that you were scared and felt helpless?
I agree with you on what the definition of a good person **should** be.  It's a shame that the common definition falls so short.
Just sounds like a drunk fratboy being an asshole to me, not attempted rape.
I don't know anything about UConn, but it seems extremely suspect to me there exists a road called "the rape trail." No major university would let something like this exist and would have security all over that damn place if it did.

At least, in a sane world. Can anyone from UConn confirm that this is at least remotely plausible?
Yep, restoring safety and civility is a tricky thing, especially when you factor in your own self interest.  But if more people would at least consider action instead of always just "minding their own business" then the world would be a better place.

In high school I once broke up a fight between two adult women at an intersection.  I was riding my bike and saw them jump out of their cars and just go at it.  I don't know why, but I got off my bike and broke up the fight.  Once the two were seperated I was able to ask some questions (one had cut off the other I think); and while the two were still furious, at least they did not make a bad situation worse.  

Anyway, there is never a good reason to ignore suffering when there are reasonable courses of action available.
I go to Uconn, and this trail is legitimately known as the rape trail. It's a well lit path through the woods, but during Spring Weekend when it happened people come to party in droves (20k +). It's not just plausible, it's probable.
I think you mean objectivity, not subjectivity.
I fucking GUARANTEE that if that girl walked into my deli, I'd make her swoon.

Like, if she was one of the "casual encounters" that waltzed into my store while I was working...things would happen. Information would be exchanged.


Like I've said before...that's one of the beauties of working in a deli. If a girl walks in by herself, you know for a fact that you share a major passion, and things proceed from there.

Fortunately for me, I'm pretty damn likable and charismatic in person. For some reason, I've noticed girls seem to easily take a liking to the deli worker behind the counter, too.

Anyway, if we were strangers, and she walked into my store while I was working, I'd have her phone number before she left. 100% guaranteed.
[deleted]
Looks like that guy was hungry for beef.
[deleted]
i loled
The bad hang together.
[deleted]
you're about 5'11'' aren't you?
She's a fatty. Most likely a lie. She's wants to feel pretty enough that men would go out of their way to rape her. I think most women have rape fantasies. It's not that would like to be raped, but rather that they feel that they are "good looking" enough to make men crazy enough to rape them.

All I know is this. I imagine a rapist would find a far better selection of rape victims to choose from on a University campus. There has to be some other part of the story. I mean, she is even "boasting" of being sexually assaulted in the past and, for whatever reason, can't even identify the guy she was beating up on the ground for a while, not to mention the fact that she was completely drunk.

Women lying about rape is quite common. Everyone member that whole Duke Lacross deal?

http://www.kspr.com/news/local/11869586.html
God I'm glad I didn't go to a school with that kind of moronic mob mentality. 51 arrests in one weekend? Jesus...
Given the giant bruises on her arms in the picture, I suggest that perhaps you should accept photographic evidence as corroboration.
She was asking for it
[deleted]
That's exactly it. Thank you, I usually would have combed the interweb to find it, but I'm at work and I'm feeling fried. I can actually attest to the so-called bystander effect, I've been in a similar situation myself (though nobody was groping my chest...kinda don't have boobs though).
Good point on the journalism, but then again, if this 'assailant' for want of a better word, is so innocent, why does he (or they) come forward and defend themselves and their behaviour? I don't think their silence in this piece, or in other media, is the result of bias...but rather the abscence of regret and/or shame.
[deleted]
LET ME AT THEM.  WE HAVE SPECIAL PLACES RESERVED FOR THOSE WHO STAND BY A RAPE.
Sexual assault isn't a matter of "individual rights".  It's a matter of RIGHT, WRONG, and WHICH SIDE YOU'RE ON.
Well my perceptions of Connecticut have sure changed. I will now always think of it as a place where state universities allow "trails of rape" during springtime.
At UMass Amherst there's a "rape trail" (there's actually no other name for it.  It's The Rape Trail.) that goes between the sleaziest living area and the most clean-living living area.
&gt; but I do believe the mere sight of it would have stopped it.

I don't think you've thought that through.  Picture this:  a guy goes to rape a girl (not just dry hump, but really rape) and she (most likely drunk) clumsily pulls out a gun.  What do you think the guy's initial reaction is going to be?  Maybe run away.  And if he does, she's likely to shoot him anyway.  But what if instead he decides to take the gun from her.  With her being drunk it would be a lot easier.  So now the would-be rapist has a gun.  So even if he wasn't going to rape her, she could have just infuriated him enough to convince him to do so.  And perhaps, he'll kill her now too.  Pulling a gun on a rapist when you're drunk isn't the best idea.  It's also not a great idea if he sneaks up behind you and catches you by surprise because he immediately has the upper hand.  If the case were that she gained the upper hand (as this person says she did) then *maybe* it wouldn't be as bad an idea.  But even then, your best bet is just to run away.
At my college there are two "rape (parking) lots".  Both of them have emergency call boxes.  It sounds like her description said that there was one nearby.  Do you know if this is the case?
What the fuck.  OF course it was assault and attempted rape.  What the fuck is wrong with you?  And what does being gay or not have anything to do with _their_ actions?
It's not officially called the rape trail by a city or any such shit, dumbass.  It's a nickname.  And you know very well that large groups of frequently drunk men do shit like that, and joke about it, and make nicknames in favor of it.  Look at Reddit for fuck's sake.
[deleted]
It's not the victim's responsibility to prevent crime, it's the criminal's.
[deleted]
I know.  "person who earned higher-up journalism job can write well even when she's a character at the story, disbelieve everything she says, cuz you know when people write about themselves, it always turns to shit"

what an ass.
It's not the victim's responsibility to prevent crime, it's the criminal's.

I thought I remembered you saying you agreed with this sentiment at some point, but here you are again, actively blaming and making fun of female rape victims.  You really are just a transparent woman hater.
Google "bystander effect".
Who asked you to pass judgment?
Maybe it's a size thing?  Smaller schools, less crime and less chance for mob mentality?
After reading these comments it's clear some of you need a kick up the arse.

Stupid, hateful comments cause damage. From another poster on Daily Campus (via jezebel)

"It's comments like these that assure me that I did the right thing at not reporting my sexual assault," the anonymous poster writes. "I never wanted to face the battery of verbal assault that melissa is facing right now after facing the sexual one that she faced the other weekend..and the emotional and physical one that she will torment her for the REST OF HER LIFE just like the one that will face me."
What a revelation!  You know, if I were you I'd quit my job and bring this message of personal responsibility to criminals everywhere.  It shouldn't be too hard if you work with their meetup groups.

As for all you ladies, take a stand for principle tonight: Go out in a miniskirt, get totally trashed, and walk home alone through the worst part of town.  And don't worry about a thing.  Those pesky criminals should know better.
The fact that she fought back is simply awesome ^_^
[deleted]
More to the point why doesn't the man who allegedly assaulted her come out to clear his name? 

But you are right there indeed might be a bias here. Whenever i mention that there might be false accusations of rape I always get shut down by them saying "Its reported cases if that are below 3%!" Even if that is true its not the point, its how judge men etc.
I would say a culture of alcohol is too blame here. Do you really think this should be acceptable behavior at all? Its these college retards who think college is all about partying  getting wasted and then doing whatever they want and simply blaming it on the booze after all is said and done. Im all for partying and such but not to the point were its about harassing random women. Ive been drunk off my knocker and i know when to stop. 

They should make it a dry campus, I bet it would work wonders.
Its probably a bunch of frat houses.
I thought about leaving that comment but decided it doesn't do justice to the original.
FATTY MC FAT FAT COMPLAINS ABOUT BEING FAT.
While the reality is that, as you say, this is not a perfect world, and people should exercise caution in order to prevent this kind of thing, I don't think that means we should just accept it. We should work together to show that the idea that a grown person cannot dress as they like (within reason) or go where they like in their own university campus without risking assault is hugely offensive and clearly unacceptable.

As soon as you have to start modifying the way you dress or where you go to avoid somebody assaulting you, you've become a victim. It's like letting the threat of terrorism modify your behaviour - it's just conceding a win to them.

But at the same time, be safe kids, don't take needless risks etc.

(NB: sorry for bringing up terrorism, it just seemed like a good analogy)
Problem is, most people here will claim the anon poster quoted is lying about it. Majority of the commenters on reddit really do view rape or sexual assault as lies from women to hurt men. 

And you know what? Yeah, some bitches do that. And it sucks a TON, and they should go to jail for it. But there are also women who are raped/ assaulted who don't bring it on themselves and would never lie about it, but are still told they're no better than the liars. It's the bitches that lie that make most people think all rape is based on some form of a lie. There are many women who wish what they have gone through really was just a lie, and not real at all.
&gt;Do you really think this should be acceptable behavior at all?

If this isn't a rhetorical question, then sarcasm is my only choice.

You're damn right I think it's acceptable!  In fact, I think it should be encouraged from the top down!  And I'll tell you what else, Piggy deserved it!  Hell I would have killed the little fuck. Jack and I would have been best bro's and I would have whooped Ralph's ass too...

OK, now seriously...  Obviously alcohol makes people more impulsive, but I don't think it changes the impulses.  Drying up a campus may take the problem out of the school's hands, but students will just go elsewhere to get drunk and do all this shit.  Ultimately, and I think obviously, improving the situation requires better teaching of morals and decision making.  And most importantly, those are things that need to be taught in the home, and not just by us teachers.
So what if she was really assaulted? In your opinion she should have kept quite about it and should have brought it up six months later when she had thought it through? IMO If any person is assaulted they should talk about it immediately (even publicly) before it's written off as fiction; (which is the opposite of what you said).
[deleted]
No, I totally agree.  It's the difference between being content with the world and accepting it.  I accept the world as it is, but I am never content.  Therefore, I try to make reasonable decisions that keep myself safe, while also working to make the world a better place.  That is also what I will teach my children to do, be they male or female.
[deleted]
Well if it's true something really must be wrong with the police there. 

I have some doubts though. She is both fat enough to not be too attractive and looks strong enough to not look like an easy victim. Somehow the story is a bit hard to believe.
I think the important part you're missing, is that she provided justification for why she felt safe going on that trail despite the name. This is not a case of missing common sense, but common sense developing from experiencing/hearing of bad experiences. Unfortunately that means invariably someone has to suffer.
This is why men should be able to carry guns, to defend themselves against the sexual assault of fat whores like her. No one would want to touch her consensually.
A firearm is a tool, and it's quite likely that a crowded place would be a really poor place to use it.  Plus, they suck close in.  A pepper spray, stun gun, or sap might have been better.  This gal probably could do wonders with a roll of quarters.
3 beers and 2 screwdrivers might not be as intoxicated as all that, especially american beers.

Grabbing a woman and dry-humping her isn't "making a pass".  

Man, you have a fucked up mind, and I hope women stay far away from you.
There is a path that cuts through one of the small forests on the University of New Brunswick campus in Fredericton.  It is commonly known as 'rape row'.  It is poorly lit and very lightly travelled at night, and has seen its share of rape victims over the years.

Common sense dictates that women avoid that path at all cost at night, or at the very least travel with several companions.  And yet, just as with the author, women ignore that wisdom.  I do not blame them, for the assault visited upon them, but I would hope that more women would take such warnings seriously without having to be victimized for that lesson to stick.

Also, don't think poorly of Connecticut.  I believe rape is rather common at all campuses, and that most universities have their own version of 'rape row'.
Utter tripe.

There is a reason that women are warned not to travel the rape trail alone at night.  t is not to 'prevent crime', but to minimize the possibility of victimization.

The criminal is, of course, the guilty party here.  No one even insinuated otherwise.  That doesn't mean that the author's actions in avoiding years of warnings was not a foolish or risky act.

Again, women are not the guilty parties in such assaults, but that doesn't mean that they should not exercise caution for their own good.  Let this crime serve as a warning for her fellows on campus.  Until the next one feels the warning can be ignored.
Look, rape has serious consequences. No sane rapist would risk those consequences for THAT.
I'm extremely kind to women, and I am not sure how wondering about the validity of a story effects that.

Well, she certainly said someone dry humped her at least.  

Hey, I just don't believe every anecdote I hear, and I question ones that are questionable.
Or maybe not, the point still remains that there was no report filed and no witnesses seemed to step forward to her aid.  That, along with the other things I stated makes the story sound fishy.

I can't say it didn't happen exactly as described, merely that there is nothing but her story to prove that it did.
This never would have happened if the students had been stoned instead of drunk.
That's why I am suspicious.  I really wished it didn't happen that way, but enough women crying wolf makes me wonder about cases such as this.    

The ones that lie seem to have a certain feel to their stories, and the article had that sort of feel to it.
If there is such a thing as sheeple, I'm sure they "hate the sheeple" too...
preemptive people are even more proactive
[deleted]
'Responsibility' is something the criminals dont care about,otherwise they wouldnt be criminals would they?
&gt;UConn Student Sexually Assaulted,

UConn Student Allegedly Sexually Assaulted.

EDIT:I hate to explain my comments but unfortunately there are too many sensationalist people who believe everything that appeals to their emotions.Blind empathy is what leads to so many false rape convictions.
[deleted]
Its not about sex, its not about relationships or hooking up.  It is about a stronger person doing something that would publicly humiliate and disempower them.  Doesn't matter what the girl wore, or what her personality is like, these guys didn't care.  They saw a target that they thought wouldn't fight back and then they held onto her tight enough to cause lasting bruises whilst they sexually assaulted her.
It wasn't just one person, it was a group of people, and they left bruises on her.  That suggests a level of violence beyond 'assholery', no?
Get over this stupid idea that only "attractive" women are sexually attacked, and those who are deemed unattractive surely must be lying, OMG.  Its nothing to do with level of attractiveness, NOTHING.  Sexual assault is a power trip, and in this case was loudly supported and encouraged by the person's friends.
It was an editorial.  They're allowed to be subjective and opinionated.
Well as they say, there is nothing new under the sun.  Most of the precautions we take are against things that *have* happened to other people, or are very similar.  

&gt;I think the important part you're missing, is that she provided justification for why she felt safe going on that trail despite the name.

I did not miss that part, but in my opinion, just because the probability of a worst case scenario *seems* to have been reduced, doesn't mean that we should just neglect its possibility.  That is another part of common sense in my book.

It reminds me of how the "unsinkable" RMS Titanic's designers did not equip it with enough lifeboats.

We all bring a particular viewpoint into this discussion.  Experiences and anecdotes have made me fairly cynical about the reliability of those tasked with our protection.  I am guessing that this unfortunate event will shift this young woman's outlook in that direction.

And by the way, as much as anyone else here in the peanut gallery, I hope her assailants are found and the book is thrown at them.
If I looked like that, I'd be happy about any kind of attention I would get.
[deleted]
aviators say:

Superior pilots use their superior knowledge to avoid having to use their superior skills.
Awesome, bookmarked.
It was not presented as an editorial.  It was on the front page above the fold.
lol ok, someone touched her tits so she will be tormented for the rest of her life

aint life a bitch
&gt; More to the point why doesn't the man who allegedly assaulted her come out to clear his name?

It seems that no one who matters knows the guy's name, so there's nothing to clear.
A sane rapist - isn't that one of those oxymorons?
I understand her intent, but this piece should be on the commentary page.  A news article written by another reporter should be on the front page.
[deleted]
Wolf.. so the bruises were just made up then..?

I suppose to really get your attention she would have had to have been properly raped and landed in A&amp;E
oh dear oh dear..
The police are not doing their job. Plain ans simple.
Let me walk up and grab you by the balls with no warning and we'll see how you feel about it.  It's not the touching, its the violation of her body by another person.
Too detailed?  Listen pal, I fought off a guy who was stealing my underwear from the line outside, and described him head to toe, right down to the brand of shoes.  Not everyone panics in a fight. I note everything, because I might come across someone like you who doubts me because of the way I look or the situation that Im in.

A 'pass' doesn't leave bruises.  A 'pass' doesn't include humiliating the woman by removing or exposing her body to a group of drunken idiots, thereby making her concerned for her wellbeing.  If you or your friends make 'passes' at women like this, then I hope that woman kicks your fucking arse in, sir.  You'd deserve it and more.
I agree, valiant actions on her part. But I don't get this.
&gt;I was picked up by my shoulders, pinned up against the pole and "dry humped" by a stranger...

And then!?

&gt;I hung up the phone
I hope that your child doesn't come home from school or college one day and say, "Dad, look at these bruises, no one would help me."
I never realised how many people like that there were on Reddit. :/
So basically you're saying that the vulnerable are culpable for the injuries sustained by those who inflict them?

How about we set out to improve the attitude of people such as these dickwad frat boys who think it was 'just a rough pass' or a 'bit of fun' instead?
I have lived in CT most of my life, and know a plethora of guys and girls that have gone to school there.

Uconn is just so "bad" that you just DON'T walk around at night alone, no matter what.  And GEEZ especially on "The Rape Trail".

I'm not blaming this girl for what happened, but things could have gone worse and he could have had a knife, or a gun.  Had she been in a group, hopefully some would be able to get away and warn the authorities.
if the person committing the crime comes up against a jury full of people like you, who believe that rapists only attack 'attractive' people, then why wouldn't they take advantage of that fallacy?  Its a crime of power not passion.
The Internet:  a swarming bacterial sponge of sexist creepers who hate women because they've been rejected or ignored too much.
A woman did that to me once. It was pretty hot.

But seriously though your point is valid and I agree with you.
Fred? Barney?

Kidding aside, I first read Watchmen when I was 14. Watchmen was what really drew me into comics ('scuse the pun). Before that, I only ever read the Phantom.

It didn't strike me at the time as being something integral to human nature, it just seemed like an incredible injustice that needed to be righted. Later on in my life, when I read about the murder and the Bystander Effect, it sickened me. I picked up Watchmen again to read it (after first reading it at age 14, reading it again at 16)and found many more parallels to modern life, and many references to psychology that I'd never picked up on before. The idea that people could stand by and ignore something like that just didn't seem real. A few years later, when I was on one of my first few outings to a bar, I saw a fight between a guy and a woman that got very loud. Everyone in the place was looking, and when the guy raised his hand as if to hit the woman, I stood up and (in a drunken, 19 year old manner) told him not to do it. I was surprised when they both told me to pull my head in, or else I'd spend the night in hospital. Thinking further, the Bystander Effect is a lot more conceivable than it first appears when you're a kid. Interventionism isn't always welcome, even when you have the noblest of goals in mind.

I think, if the Genovese murder had happened in plain view of a lot of kindergarten age kids, police and ambulance would have been there within seconds. Fire brigade too. National guard appearance at a 50% chance.
That fatty should be glad someone was even interested in touching her...
Train of thought for the guy who did this:  I did something to a woman who then proceeded to beat the shit out of me.  

Turns out she's the editor of the school paper, and she publishes a front page account of my "assault" on her and how she man-handled me.  

Yes, I must come forward and defend myself!  Since the police have no idea who to charge and all.  I'll come forward and say "I did not assault you."

Get real.
That's very sad but all the more proof you cannot go out alone after dark in certain places.

Do not trust young men, it is never worth the risk. Women SHOULD be able to walk free but children shouldn't die of hunger in africa either - the world is a shitty place.
Well at first she thought it was a friend so she didnt hang up.  Apparently its ok to dry hump a girl if you know her.  It sucks what happened to her, but who is she hanging out with that would dry hump her as a joke?  douchebags
Indeed. I bet that guy gets buttraped by all his guys for losing to a 'chick'.

Bloody savages.
[comparative negligence](http://dictionary.law.com/definition2.asp?selected=256&amp;bold=)

and comparative fault.


No sane person would leave their car unlocked and unattended in downtown NYC with something valuable on the seat.

Why should someone not be proactive in taking steps to avoid people in a drunken stupor during an event that's known to produce a higher than average number of drunken jerks?

I've been pretty consistent in condemning women who choose to get drunk of their own free will, and expecting men to be protective of them.
You must be a woman, also you must not be getting any. Try to be less bitter.
[deleted]
http://www11.asphost4free.com/goodhairsss/half-up-half-down-hairstyles-for-prom.html
http://www11.asphost4free.com/goodhairsss/prom-down-hairstyles.html
http://www11.asphost4free.com/goodhairsss/medium-prom-hairstyles.html
http://www11.asphost4free.com/goodhairsss/cute-prom-hairstyles.html
http://www11.asphost4free.com/goodhairsss/short-shag-hairstyles.html
http://www11.asphost4free.com/goodhairsss/short-hairstyles-for-women.html
http://www11.asphost4free.com/goodhairsss/hot-hairstyles-for-prom.html
http://www11.asphost4free.com/goodhairsss/do-it-yourself-prom-hairstyles.html
http://www11.asphost4free.com/goodhairsss/great-prom-hairstyles.html
http://www11.asphost4free.com/goodhairsss/curly-hairstyles-for-prom.html
Just out of curiosity: "There are also women who are raped/assaulted who didn't bring it on themselves"?
I mean, what's the criteria for bringing it on oneself? The way someone's dressed? Walking down the wrong path unaccompanied, under the influence of drugs or alcohol? Trusting someone one shouldn't trust?  

I'm not saying automatically to believe everything people have to say, as they will lie about some fucked up shit, but I'm curious about this defining line here.
In this case, there is no evidence. In a case like that, where it's her word against his, yeah, I would reason that way if I was on the jury.
Not really.
I'm curious as to how we would be reacting if
the "victim" was a man of color.
It would be racism and I'm sure Al Sharpton, et al, would be on the television and whatnot. I know I'm juggling hypotheticals here, but doesn't anyone else think it's still somewhat strange that college students behave no better than drunken sailors of a couple hundred years ago and women are still fair game? 

I agree that people (read here as "women") need to use more common sense, but really, where does it fucking end? Tell me there's not some second class citizenry going on here.
This is not 4chan.  Your comment is not funny -- hell, it's not even original, it's derivative and boring.  This is a real story, and your comment is shameful.

Please get the fuck out.
Wow!  What a really good source that totally supports your point and doesn't make you look like a total jerk!

You would have been better off linking to like a group therapy site for the wrongly accused.
Spring Weekend is the end of year "everyone crowds the parking lots and drinks their ass off" party. When you have 20,000 drunk college kids having a school wide party and all you get is 51 arrests, I'd say that's doing pretty good.
[deleted]
[deleted]
College kids still act like they did as children, except they're bigger. It's amazing to me that adults don't see the social dynamics when kids are crawling over eachother and wrestling. Sometimes it's ok, sometimes it's bad... but when  you see those kids partying and getting physical with eachother when they're the same size as you, it gives you pause.
UConn alumni here and I'll say it's not just probable, but confirmed. 

I'd never heard of anyone being actually raped on the rape trail...usually on Spring Weekend it's so packed with people that rape is probably pretty unlikely.
[deleted]
The dickwad frat boys are always going to be there.  It would be great if they could all just kill themselves in remorse for being such asses, but thats not likely to happen.  Seriously, do you have a valid suggestion as to how to improve attitudes of assholes?  There is no cure, so the next best thing is to make it as hard for these assholes to commit their crimes as possible.

Good campus security, good lighting, and lack of easily accessible 'rape spots' on campuses goes only so far in eliminating the threat to women.

&gt;So basically you're saying that the vulnerable are culpable for the injuries sustained by those who inflict them?

No.  And thats why common sense never lasts long in such debates.  I clearly stated that the aggressor was culpable.  The victim's role in this case was simply to place herself in a situation where she could be easily attacked with no consequence to the attacker, despite prolific warning about the danger of the area she was traveling alone.  Do you deny this reality?
&gt;I held onto his shoulders and climbed on top to straddle him.

Fiesty!
I hate it when people say that a father who sacrificed his life to save his own child from death is a 'hero', when that same guy probably couldn't give a shit about your child. A hero should be a totally good person, not just someone who did one good thing for a family member.

The word hero is so overused these days that it has lost its meaning.
afaik she was outside on a park trail, not in a bar.
[deleted]
That’s nice, but the fact remains:

-She’s fat

-Should be grateful for any attention from any guys.

/See rules 1 and 2 newfag...
You're absolutely right. I think if she had screamed assault in that room, then the guy would have been dragged out into an alleyway to learn the finer points of social interaction.

My problem was context. They didn't want me involved, but they wanted to be able to make enough ruckus that they involved everybody in the room, albeit in a passive sense. When somebody, even a dumb 19 year old, decided that their drama required action from an outside source, then that person had jumped the boundaries that they'd decided on. IMHO, that's why the Bystander Effect is conceivable. Sometimes when people are acting like there's an emergency, it's not an emergency. They just think that the people around them aren't paying them enough attention, and it's a situation that needs to be rectified according to their boundaries.

With regard to being put into that situation, I'm not a fighter at all. I was sure I was going to get my ass handed to me that night, before the woman told me to shut up. Booze does wonderful things to one's expectation of how they can deal with a beat-down.
LOL!@
Raping a fatty isn't raping, it's charity.
Reminds me of... 

["How not to get your ass kicked by the police!"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uj0mtxXEGE8)

It's not just strange, it's totally fucked up that sexism, racism and all kinds of other targeting exists. But that's the state of the world, even though a lot of us (everyone in this discussion, I'm sure) are trying to make it a better place.  It sucks that some people have to be more careful than others, and have to put up with more shit, but that is the reality that people of various groups (women, minorities, homosexuals, atheists, muslims, elderly, dissenters, homeless, etc, etc..) have to face to various extents.
UhOH

Someone call the waaaaambulance.
&gt;In 1968, during a trip to a Buffalo, New York hospital for surgery (precipitated by a soup can he placed in his own rectum as a pretext to leave prison),

wat
Please, it's a student newspaper, not the WaPo.
I get that in SEA alot...

/I Likes it!
&gt; Moseley gave a confession to the police where he detailed the attack, corroborating the physical evidence at the scene. His motive for the attack was simply "to kill a woman." Moseley stated that he got up that night around 2:00 a.m., leaving his wife asleep at home, and drove around to find a victim. He spied Genovese and followed her to the parking lot.

SRSLY. The guy wanted to kill a woman and left his wife asleep at home?
Nobody would rape that.

Clearly she’s lying in a desperate cry for attention...
What picture?  That tiny thumbnail I can barely make any details from?
[deleted]
Depends on your state.  In mine, you can have a drink or two, carry into a bar, etc.  You just can't be legally drunk while carrying.

Of course, we've had zero shootings in bars by CCW holders (or anywhere else) since the law was passed years ago.
Oh, *that's* not sexist.  Ugh.
Not likely.  Pepper spray doesn't work, neither does a stun gun.  A sap and a "roll of quarters" both rely on strength to use.
[deleted]
&gt;But what if instead he decides to take the gun from her.

How fucking sexist can you get?  Since when is "you'll never be able to use the gun effectively anyway" an argument for not carrying one?  Ugh.

Taking a firearm away from someone without getting shot is HARD.  Try this.  Go get a water pistol.  Hand it to your friend.  Bet her $100 that you can take the water pistol  away from her without getting wet.  Start at contact distance and move out to 15ft.  Still sticking to your sexist position?  How naive.

According to the FBI UCR, resisting violent crime with a firearm is the least likely to result in any injury to the victim.
Nobody, It just seems like a lot of people have already made up their mind on the matter.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bystander_effect
Only on the Internetz can a victim of sexual assault be in the wrong -- nice job, Reddit!
It is merely an extended form of glomping, perfectly healthy.
Hahahaha the guy must've been a weak pussy.
why?
it can be an editorial AND above the fold
(we now have the technology to do such things)
At the very least, she's wearing a pretty inappropriate shirt, given the circumstances.
Actually, statistically, very, very few cries of rape or sexual assault are false.  Almost to the point of being non-existent.  It's sort of a myth that there are lots of persecuted men wrongfully accused of rape.

On the other hand, it is true that most rapes and sexual assaults go unreported for a variety of reasons, including not being believed.
do we know why he was stealing your underwear?
Just because 'somekindofride' typed it, doesn't make it true.  I for one, try to look at the details before making a judgement.
[citation needed]
I would not have hit it.  + the bitch should have been carrying a gun if she didn't want to get raped.  5 drinks or more depending on how much booze was in em + tube top...lol.  

#1 advantage of being a man=walk wherever you want at night
Victim is the one responsible.  You wouldn't walk in a war zone thinking that it's the responsibility of militants not to kill you because since you're innocent it's morally wrong?
This is why you separate people. If you pull to people apart, the rational party usually doesn't resist.
Kids will be kids. There are a lot of young people on reddit today - mid to late teens. You have to understand these comments within that frame of reference. Understand that people who have lived their whole lives from birth, in a zoo... where kids tackle other kids all the time wouldn't think that those events which are described would be so unusual. 

If parents want to prevent roustabout behavior in their fledglings, when they go off to college - they will have to learn to see it when the kids are young. Kids will grow up with the same attitudes and the same approaches to life that they learned when they were young.
I'll just say that if you are getting so drunk that you would be raped, you probably shouldn't be wielding a gun, in the same sense you shouldn't be driving.

Anyways, in no way am I saying that girls deserve to be raped when they are real drunk, but you should probably play it safe and not get that drunk.
to get helps attention she should of just done the uconn chant.

UCONN HUSKYY, UCONN HUSKYY, HUSKY UCONN

WHW!
Just ignore the second half of the sentence.  It scans better.
I agree basically.  I think it would have been much better journalism to add a degree of removal to the story, or write it more as an editorial.

However, expecting high standards of journalistic integrity from a student paper is a recipe for hemorrhaging out your eye sockets every morning.  I've long since given up on mine.
[deleted]
I would guess that for a large proportion of rape accusations, it is impossible for anyone except those directly involved to know what happened.  So, I don't see how it is possible for us to know that 'very very few cries of rape or sexual assault are false'.  Please would you say how you came by this knowldege?
These slippery notions of responsibility, blame, fairness, right and wrong, are really not the original point I was trying to make.  I was simply trying to point out how it is often easy to avoid danger and tragedy with just a little bit of extra precaution.

I guess that makes me some sort of sexist rapist apologist.
"bringing it on oneself" is a bad way to put it, but it does explain the way some people see some assaults. When a guy attacks a girl, he should go to jail. No one disputes that. Since we know that there exists some jackass men who will assault women, women need to be more careful and self-aware when in a dangerous environment (for example, drunken frat parties). 

If a woman is attacked while walking down the wrong path dressed provactively and under the influence of drugs/alcohol, I think it's reasonable to suggest that the girl was not taking reasonable precautions to avoid danger. 

Men must make similar concessions: a preppie white guy got seriously beaten in a rough Chicago neighborhood because some thugs didn't want him on their (public!) basketball court. Obviously those thugs should go to jail, but why didn't this white guy know to be careful in this area?

Some chicks argue that guys shouldn't break the law, women can do what they want, blah blah blah. Yes, in an ideal world I should be able to leave my front door unlocked because the law prohibits stealing. Sadly, people still steal. That's why I have three bolts on my front door.
"It's not the victim's responsibility to prevent crime, it's the criminal's."

So I shouldn't lock the doors on my car then? The victim shouldn't be blamed when bad things happen, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't be cautious.
lol k, I promise not to cry about it on the front page of the newspaper k?
And here's the best part: she's wrong *because she's fat.*
You're right. Unfortunately, the recent high-profile case at Duke is what most people remember.
In studies, men who were shown porn were more likely to disbelieve a rape victim or think she did something to deserve it. reddit seems to be the social proof.
Actually, I met lots of frat guys like this. They always had lots of women all over them despite being loud boorish assholes. That's the source of the jerk vs. nice guy bitterness on reddit.
Pot.  Kettle.  Bitter.

Cheers!
"...wouldn't think that those events which are described would be so unusual."

That's kind of the problem.
She probably would have killed the first guy!
pics or it didn't happen
My friends and I joke around like that all the time...
Don't try to change their feelings.  Make it very clear that if they do these things, or if they know these things are going on and don't try to help, they will be in a shit-ton of hurt.

Eventually they might start hating the rapists; not because rape is wrong, but because rapists get their friends in trouble.
The problem is less the drink than the idea that drunkenness serves as an excuse.

If they knew they would be judged at least as harshly if they were intoxicated, they would sober up in a hurry.
Yep. I also fap to porn, play video games, am 100 lbs overweight, wear thick broken glasses, and watch anime. And my pants are too short.
That is the dumbest thing I've read this week.
[deleted]
Yes it seems to be very polarizing.  A lot of guys are turning into Dice-Clays and a lot of women are turning into Hillary super fans.  I've tried to stake out a spot in the middle and have seen some wild swings in my comment scores.
If I was on a jury I might want more evidence.  What's here is pretty damned compelling, certainly enough to get my dander up on Reddit.
Sometimes you just have to put up with it and believe for the sake of believing :/
Black people don't argue with the cops over a speeding ticket. Arabs don't argue with the TSA when they get pulled aside. Everyone (except white males) knows when they need to step carefully. Life ain't fair.
If you walk thru my old neighborhood at night, you will get the living shit kicked out of you.
If you walk thru my old neighborhood at night, you will get the living shit kicked out of you.
I understand that people do that.  I do on occasion.  But the way that she describes it as so horrifying and sexual, it seems like it was more than just a "night at the roxbury" type of bumping.  Ive never done anything to a friend of mine that would cause her to press charges if she didnt know me.
[deleted]
I love the running joke in "The Firm" where the guy has no idea how to use the word "allegedly".
Yep.  The thing is, she had no idea how far he wanted to go.

She must have been terrified when the second guy came for her and nobody seemed to mind.
Looks like she had a little strength.
I dont believe this lie for a minute,just look at the sentence below her photo

&gt;Melissa Bruen stands by the tree where she was sexually assaulted during Spring Weekend.

Which obviously means the photo was taken after she was assaulted,now what kind of women goes and takes a picture of place where was sexually assaulted or raped ? and can you fucking believe it she is smiling in the photograph !!!!

Who do you think you are fooling bitch?
as a UConn student I can say with authority that at least 65% of the men here are guilty of sexual assualt including rape and date rape.

The same night this happened I overheard a gentlemen explaining to a woman that what he gave her wasn't a roofie, but was a lot like a roofie...

Personally i Say that if you run into a guy who thinks Dane Cook is funny, or if he's wearing Abercrombie and Fitch, you ought to turn and run...
Please do not employ legal terms of which you have no knowledge.  Comparative negligence and comparative fault are used in civil tort cases, typically based on claims of negligence. They have absolutely no application in this context - there is no defense, partial or otherwise, to rape or assault or any other criminal violation based on contributory negligence.
Hey!  Do you live with my parents too??  I'm in the basement, room across from the bathroom... but umm don't visit me.  Ever.
Tradition or not, that is just asking for trouble. Clemson cracks down on any parties that are "too big", and once before I got there, there was quite a scuffle between cops and about 3-4000 students that had started a "too big" party. As far as I know there were no reports of sexual assault and the mob mentality was "fortunately" directed at the police in ways that weren't too dangerous for anyone. In fact, the police's decision was to let them all get drunk and sleep off their aggression.

51 arrests is just too many, a lot of school newspapers publish arrest reports (names, crimes, locations) to try to crack down on disorderly conduct and drunkenness, much less any peeping toms or sexual assaults.
No, the source of "nice guy" bitterness is the idea that a lot of reddit's nice guys think that being nice entitles them to fucking and fawning feminine adoration.  It doesn't.
And yet it has 10 points... wtf is going on here?
http://reddit.com/info/6is1x/comments/c03yihx

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/7389980.stm
Don't know why you got modded down. It can be extremely difficult to impossible to determine what actually happened, even when there *are* witnesses, let alone when there aren't. Sucks, but true.
(Unless of course we put surveillance cams literally *everywhere*, even in everyone's bedrooms and toilets. Wouldn't want to live in a world like that...)
please grow up...
Assuming her story is true.  For all we know she imagined the whole thing and was swinging wildly at perfectly well behaved pedestrians.
[deleted]
Some people are stronger than you think. Especially women, you whiny ass man child.
[deleted]
UConn does the same things that you mention. The CT state police is called in to help maintain some sense of order along with the UConn police during Spring Weekend. The Daily Campus also publishes names and locations of crimes.
I just opened this thread to vote down all the wannabe rapists I knew would be in here.
That's nice but I don't need to rape fatties...

There are WAY too many of them trying to mack on me in the bars.
As in the huge majority of comments at that time being of that nature? Sure backs up somekindofride's view, and mine.
The links you posted are most relevant not to "negligence" but to consent.   My post was simply pointing out that that the legal terms "comparative negligence" and "comparative fault" are not applicable in this context.  If a woman is "trying to have sex" and does so, she is not "negligent" in any legal sense; rather, if this were the case, the prosecution would simply be unable to prove all elements of the crime of the rape.
You fell for the copypasta.
[deleted]
stop im gonna cry
It's odd that you are downvoted so heavily, and I was upvoted so heavily for saying essentially the same thing.

Perhaps it was your knowledge of grains and calibers. Nothing more "scary" than a guy who bothers to train and learn.

Makes no damn sense. :\
Isn't worldnews supposed to be for news outside the US?
Feel free to stroke and caress them for an extended period of time.  Mind if I take pictures?


great thx, here's $20!
It's not about being a jerk or nice... it's about having $dough$ and looking good.

Get with the program!
Obviously you haven't seen "Reefer Madness!"

Educate yourself on the dangers, tell your children:
http://www.archive.org/download/reefer_madness1938/reefer_madness1938_256kb.mp4
&gt;Some people are stronger than you think. Especially women

How much do the feminists pay you to make such stupid generalizations.
You are wrong.

He knows she is a fat and dumb US female, and therefore there is a 99% probability that she has a complete bullshit story about being "almost raped".

I base these conclusions on a scientific survey wherein I wasted many hours of my youth chatting up literally dozens of semi-fatties in an attempt to get with them (which they almost never do, because they are ashamed of their bodies... thus the high prevalence of rape fantasises within their demographic).

The truth hurts, fo realz.
[deleted]
Thank you for mentioning this. Reddit seems to think that accusing men of rape is some sort of hobby for women. Statistically, it is almost non-existent, but when it does happen it attracts a lot of media attention.
[deleted]
My friends and I joke around like this all the time as well (I'm a girl btw). The behavior is consensual (and joking) so I don't understand what the problem is. It is NOT the same as being assaulted on a dark road by some stranger. That's like saying that having sex with my boyfriend is the same as being raped. I'm not saying that you're equating the two, but you do seem to be implying some sort of comparison.
You're right, many people do see assaults that way. 

But that doesn't change the fact that anyone who does is a fucking idiot.
Let's agree that nothing **entitles** anyone to anything in life. Many reddit nerds are hopeless failures with women. They look around to see what sort of man seems to be very successful with women. In college, most frat guys do very well. What superficial qualities do they possess? It's fairly obvious what works and what doesn't. 

Anyway, women complain about the same thing. All the dumb large-breasted sluts get lots of male attention, while the quiet modest women get passed over. Some women try to show enough leg and cleavage to attract attention, and play dumb and helpless to keep it. Women know how to play the game, but some smart women refuse because they don't want to be that *type* of woman. Some smart men don't want to be that *type* of man, either. 

When smart men meet smart women, then everything works out fine. Until then there's plenty of bitterness on both sides.
She was in a group, there were thousands of drunk people there.
&gt;The links you posted are most relevant not to "negligence" but to consent. 

They may be comparatively less relevant to the overarching problem of rape, which is undeniably a problem in our society, but they are not, however, irrelevant.

It's argued to be an injustice [here](http://vip.msu.edu/theCAT/CAT_Author/MPK/justicecritique.html) but it does happen.

I'm still trying to digest a paper [here](http://law.bepress.com/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1019&amp;context=rutgersnewarklwps) which discusses comparative fault in criminal cases.

Though I don't think the girl in the linked story above provoked the attack, I do think some attacks are provoked.

The "victim" of an attempted murder, for instance, looks less innocent after she is proven to have rushed the defendant with a large knife.

IANAL, however, so consult with one if you have legal questions.
I have always been so disappointed to learn that nerdy guys are often as misogynist as your stereotypical frat boy. In my experience the less sexual success a man has with women, the more misogynist he becomes.
Call your nearest hospital and ask how they determine that a sexual assault has occurred. Hundred of microtears and puncture wounds in the vagina are one way. Oh, and then there are the many cases with witnesses, confessions, etc. 

Your comment is akin to saying, "Oh, for a large proportion of murder accusations, the victim COULD have shot herself in the back, set herself on fire, and hid the gun afterward."
It was LESS crazy back when 18 year olds could drink, and the liquor stores would deliver to your dorm room.

This story occurred offcampus, btw.
&gt;I guess that makes me some sort of sexist rapist apologist.

No.It means you have common sense approach to life unlike the feminists who have an idealistic approach.
Exactly. One thing you can say for jerks is that at least they're honest about who they are. That confidence is part of the attraction. Any guy (or girl) who goes around whining about how "nice" they are all the time is probably just in denial about their own personality flaws. Give me a jerk over a whiner any day.
For sexual assault?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oh don't get me wrong, I hate that freaking myth. I didn't realize how big it was until I became a regular redditor (I've created this name for this post alone).When I said 'some bitches' do it, it was to create a little common ground, because it's not like it doesn't happen. But yeah, not to the extent the comments on this page would have someone think. A woman says rape or assault to me and I'm not automatically thinking it's a lie - I'm thinking of ways to get them help. Trust me.
Just because someone isn't being careful doesn't mean they deserve to be raped. You seem to think otherwise.
Criteria as far as the general, ignorant population defines it in broad terms: "She was dressed like a slut, she was BY HERSELF in a bar, she was walking alone at night..." etc. I don't agree at all that these actions mean a woman is bringing it on herself, but that's a pretty prevalent argument from the other comments on this page. These are actions that could probably be thought out more on the woman's part, and fixed to be safer, but it doesn't mean she deserved it/ brought it on herself. That's all I meant.
I need a 4am editor, stat. ^^;
&gt;In studies, men who were shown porn were more likely to disbelieve a rape victim or think she did something to deserve it.

Where is the citation? and a study done by feminists wouldnt count,it has to be multiple independent studies pointing to the same result.

just wanted to ask you this: Are there any men who dont watch porn?
"I think it's reasonable to suggest that the girl was not taking reasonable precautions to avoid danger." 

And trust me from experience, she'll beat herself up for a long time afterwards. But people do the best they can with the resources they have at the time. Hindsight is 20/20, you know?
Why don't you search for any rape-related post in reddit and read the comments? There's a lot of material to look at, trust me, and hardly ever does an opposing side like mine or Nosher's get voiced or seriously considered. So go look at some details and get educated. Many people on reddit are like that; it's a damn shame since I really love this community otherwise.
&gt;In studies, women with inflated egos who had bitter relationships with their ex-boyfriends were more likely to use false rape accusation and thought their ex-boyfriends deserved it.Internet seems to be the social proof.

I too can type and click the comment button.
I've never made that complaint.

As a fat, smart woman, I could certainly have made the complaint.  But I haven't, because it's not true.  I've never lacked for male attention.

I find that most "nice guys" who positively can't get a girl have the issue because of their insane "standards."  They want a woman who is quite high on the conventional attractiveness scale and who laughs at all their inane jokes.  If those same "nice guys" expanded their horizons a bit into the girls who are similar to them, instead of deliberately seeking out the ones who are shallow-minded and silly, they might have better luck.

Personally, the reason I've never had trouble is that while I might not be conventionally attractive and have a whole set of things-that-are-not-perfect about me, I don't seek out men who look like Brad Pitt and have giant bank accounts.  I look for nerdy guys who are funny and kind, and you know what?  While some of them are receptive, you'd be amazed at how many of them will complain that they can't get a girl in one breath and then relegate the fat girl to "friend territory."  On the other hand, the ones who actually look past that?  They're keepers, and they're awesome.
What jury would have convicted this woman for shooting both the first and second assailant, even if she was drunk?

A good shoot is a good shoot no matter the condition of the defender.
You are begging the question though, which is fallacious reasoning.
...You clearly have no idea what individual rights are in the concept of  human rights. 

Sexual assault at its very core is an issue of individual rights.

Woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooosh.
&gt;I don't know if I agree with using deadly force for fondling

Fuck that.  I do.  Man jumps out from behind a tree on a dark path and "fondles" a woman?  BLAM.  Natural selection, bub.  Keeps those that think "fondling" a woman without her consent is OK out of the gene pool.
Umm, no, I'm not to believe everything I read just because it's PC.
No idea what kind of bruises she had, or that she wasn't assaulted, just that the story as written raises questions.
I don't see how questioning anecdotes makes me fucked up, or makes me a rapist.  Your logic is non sequitur.
I wasn't suggesting you believe everything you see, but from your rationale you must not watch/listen/read the news or read history because all of it is objectively questionable.
&gt;Hundred of microtears and puncture wounds in the vagina are one way.

Microtears and puncture wounds would be because of sex but that says nothing about whether it was consensual or forced.

&gt;Your comment is akin to saying, "Oh, for a large proportion of murder accusations, the victim COULD have shot herself in the back, set herself on fire, and hid the gun afterward."

&gt;Actually, statistically, very, very few cries of rape or sexual assault are false. Almost to the point of being non-existent.

When he is making such sweeping claim by mentioning the word 'statistically' should'nt he back it up by some real statistics?
What jury would have convicted this woman for shooting both the first and second assailant, even if she was drunk?

A good shoot is a good shoot no matter the condition of the defender.
If she killed someone for fondling her, she would still get time.
True, and I do almost always question what I see and read unless it comes from a consistently reliable source, don't you?
I doubt it.  These cases often get no-billed or dismissed.  A woman standing over a perforated drunk with a smoking .357 and a ripped shirt and bruises?  No DA is going to prosecute her - he'd be pilloried.
May want to double check that for a Freudian slip.
True true, although, if it was a mere fondling, I think he would.
[New Scientist article](http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg12617154.200-flesh-and-blood-does-pornography-lead-to-sexual-violence.html) If I had the time, I could find the cites for all of the studies they mention, but they do a good job of drawing the research together.

I know half the people here won't bother clicking the link, because they don't agree, so I'll post a few excerpts.

&gt; SHE was a hitchhiker. He was a man away from home on business. The circumstances of the rape were only mildly contested in court and the jurors were in complete agreement on the 'guilty' verdict. There was, however, less agreement on what would constitute a fair sentence. As might be expected, women jurors were more severe than men; they suggested a sentence nearly 30 per cent longer. Less expected, and much more insidious, was the effect of pornography on their judgment: men who regularly watched pornographic videos suggested sentences half as long as those of other men

And this:

&gt; The researchers assessed the students' sexual callousness towards women using a questionnaire which included an evaluation of statements such as, 'A woman doesn't mean no unless she slaps you', and, 'A man should find them, fool them, fuck them and forget them'. Students in the massive exposure group had significantly higher callousness scores than those who had seen no pornography. Massive exposure also led men to give higher estimates for the proportion of people who practise group sex, sadomasochism or bestiality and to adopt more liberal attitudes towards the censorship of pornography.
http://www.google.com

This took Google .40 seconds:

http://www.amptoons.com/blog/archives/2006/05/07/false-allegations-of-rape-not-common-or-are-they/

This took me just a couple minutes longer:

http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/rds/pdfs05/hors293.pdf

Read the pdf yourself. Statistically 6.6% of rape cases result in no conviction because the accusation is determined to be false. So, 93.4% of accusations of rape are accurate.

Higher figures are usually due to the fact that the definition of rape changes depending on the judge presiding, the jurisdiction, etc. It's not as simple as "if a penis was forced into a body cavity, it's rape." Some jurisdictions classify forced oral sex as sexual assault, but not rape, for example,
Disappointing, but not surprising in the least.  Look at the movie _Revenge of the Nerds_ -- teh main character tricks a woman into thinking she's having sex with another man by trapping her in the dark and wearing a mask.  That's _rape_.  The movie glorifies rape as a way to make women like you, and markets it to jock-wannabe white men (cuz face it, most nerds are white) with a victim complex.
We're talking in the specific case a man jumps out from behind a tree on a dark path and "merely" fondles a girl - that shooting him would be no-billed.
I disagree. He might take flak from women's groups, but you can't just start murdering people like that.

So if two guys get into a fist fight, and one blows the other away, it won't be billed?
That's why Ill bring my gun when I meet you there.

Waht's your address again?
Ugh.  One cannot argue with the ignorant.
&gt; you'd be amazed at how many of them will complain that they can't get a girl in one breath and then relegate the fat girl to "friend territory."

You'd be amazed at how many girls will do the same if a guy is short, bald, fat, poor, and/or nerdy. Men &amp; women are equally shallow. For every experience you've had, there's something similar for men. And there are zillions of books, magazines and TV shows for women to kvetch about their problems. But if a dweeb complains, you want to ream him for his unwarranted self-pity. That's not fair. :(

Though I'm a tall, wealthy, well-hung man with long flowing hair, it's not easy being beautiful. After all, there are far, far more average looking people out there. Thankfully, we now have our own [dating site](http://www.darwindating.com/).
The pornography world rears its ugly head.  Expect to see more and more of this as porn becomes part of mainstream culture.  Women are seen as nothing more than playthings to be played with and fondled.  They are expected to do any man's bidding just because he says so.  The others just watch and enjoy, unable to understand why a girl wouldn't want to be the star of a show.

I know, I know, this is only a crime of a few bad seeds.  Wrong.  This is the result of a mindset created by years of exposure to Porn USA live via the internet and pay per view.
If you see two people in a drunken fistfight, you assume that one of them is rational?
The article you link to is proposing a change in the law; the article admits, in the first sentence:

&gt;This article challenges the legal rule according to which the victim’s conduct is
irrelevant to the determination of the perpetrator’s criminal liability.

As our legal system currently exists, there is no comparative fault in criminal law and certainly no comparative negligence.  These notions are relevant in civil cases that are trying to apportion damages - they make less sense in the criminal context - if the victim was his or herself guilty of some crime, they can be charged with a crime.  If the victim's conduct vitiates some element of the crime the accused is charged with, then, as mentioned above, the prosecution will be unable to prove its case.

If an attack is provoked, the perpetrator will likely be charged with a lesser crime or, if it were self-defense, likely not be charged at all or acquitted.  Obviously, this has no application in a rape case.  In your example regarding the attempted murder, this would be an obvious case of self-defense (justified killing).

I am well aware that you are not a lawyer.
&gt;If an attack is provoked, the perpetrator will likely be charged with a lesser crime or, if it were self-defense, likely not be charged at all or acquitted. Obviously, this has no application in a rape case.

False, at least partially.  

If a woman is intoxicated and is uncharacteristically sexually aggressive towards a man, and the man has sex with her, then it is often considered the rape of the woman because, some presume, an intoxicated woman cannot consent.

If, however, a man is intoxicated and is uncharacteristically sexually aggressive towards a woman, and they had sex, it is still often considered rape of the female because an intoxicated man still should have control of himself.

If, in the third case, both the male and female parties are intoxicated and are both sexually aggressive toward each other, the man is much, much more likely to be found guilty of rape, solely because of the prejudice against men.
lolz.  your kid will have more bruises then mine.  Mine will mind his own fucking business while yours will get stomped on trying to break up a fight between two meth heads.
Bouncers do this shit for a living. My friend is one. I also know that they [bounces] tend to get a lot of injures by just trying to break up fights.  He says that fights with one or more girls involved are the worst because they'll end up scratching the fuck out of you [with their nails] or biting you.

Secondly people don't response rationally when their physical safety is being threated.  They response like rabid animals.
Try the full version of the article: http://media.www.dailycampus.com/media/storage/paper340/news/2008/05/02/News/My.Spring.Weekend.Nightmare-3362721.shtml
[deleted]
There was no sexism implied.  I feel the same could happen to a guy.  I *do* believe that a guy is more likely to pull the trigger though (as they tend to be more into killing things than women and don't often think twice).  This also isn't about resisting violent crimes.  This is about trying to resist a violent crime when you're drunk.
&gt; Actually, statistically, very, very few cries of rape or sexual assault are false. 

But when those false accusations are made, people's lives are ruined.

The kids at Duke who were falsely accused had the resources to clear their names.  They still got publicly shunned, lost months if not years of their lives doing nothing but try to regain the trust of their friends and colleagues, and will never fully regain the innocence that the innocent man deserves to have.  

People who are not millionaires generally don't have the resources to demonstrate their innocence, especially against a heinous charge like rape.  Any statistics you may cite refer only to those who successfully prove their innocence, not all those who actually are innocent of rapes of which they are accused.
So what, if a woman is drunk she sure as hell better not pick up a gun for self-defense?  Drunks shoot people in self-defense all the time and get no-billed.  A lot.  Just because someone is drunk doesn't mean they have no right to defend themselves.
I see your point, and I'm interested that you draw a division between yourself and the ignorant masses.  The problem is that regardless of how big a deal the MSM makes it out to be, violent stranger rape/assault is very much in the minimum when it comes to rape and assault cases, and that stuff is more "avoidable" based on thinking stuff out.

Far more prevalent are acquaintance/spouse/family rape situations that are pretty much hard to avoid unless a woman spends her life alone or not trusting men.  But then we get called cold fish man hating feminists, so really, it's a damned if you do, damned if you don't situation.
But here we get into the rape/porn paradox that most people cite from Japan.  High porn consumption, low rape rate, etc.  However, from my limited knowledge of the Japanese system, rape charges must be brought and agreed to by the "victim". (Please know that I'm not putting the quotes there to call into question the reality of a person's story, but to question the idea of socially imposed victimhood itself.)

I have a fairly liberal attitude towards porn, however I think that it does involve a certain measure of desensitization.  Exposure to anything fictitious, esp in movie/tv format seems to affect people's perceptions of the real thing: think about the way people's perceptions of murder are skewed by the thousands that they see every year on screen.  Death is not like it is on a screen, and neither is sex.
Agreed, but the people who write for this paper will go on to bigger news organizations.
No, that's not what I'm saying.  But when you're drunk, judgment is the first thing to go.  I don't think someone grabbing your chest is reason to kill them.  I think many people would agree.  Laws are in place so that we don't do things such as this.  But if you're drunk, you may not think about this, or even care.  I'm certainly not saying that women shouldn't protect themselves, even when they're drunk.  But killing someone shouldn't be the way to do so, and shouldn't go unpunished.
"I've been drunk off my knocker and I know when to stop."
Right there, I think you acknowledge that it's not strictly a problem of the alcohol, more that people don't understand how to handle it.  But even then, if people didn't know how to handle it but existed in a culture of self respect, they would still have higher standards to fall back upon in a time of inebriation.
No if this was a problem caused by internet and cable porn, we would see much MORE of this behavior.  It's too easy to blame porn for it.

I think it has much more to do with a culture that is rooted in Christianity that treats sex as some sort of taboo, thus giving porn and rape a little too much power.  The same cultural background has a history of denigrating women, minorities and children, therefore making them more likely to be victimized.
The methods you mention determine only that forceful intercourse took place.  On the one hand, there are those who choose forceful interaction; their mutually consenting behaviour is not rape.  On the other, there are accusations of rape made when the victim is willing but lacks the capacity to give informed consent; where are the microtears on such a victim?  What you describe has some intersection with rape cases, but is neither a subset nor a superset thereof.
Who the fuck DOES talk back to cops or the TSA anymore? Both are asking for a world of shit regardless who you are.
However, you seem to have unintentionally hit the nail on the head regarding the institutionalization of power.  Going off your comment, Men = Police = TSA = institutionalized power.  Women = Black = Muslims = Institutionally disempowered.

 edit: To clarify, I don't support these divisions and I believe that a great deal of damage is done when we encourage entire groups of people to think of themselves as victims.
The japanese criminal justice system is also very intrusive. The japanese police basically have a file on everyone which they update at least once a year. If you are suspected of a crime in japan, you can be detained and interrogated by the police for about a month without a lawyer. You will not only confess to the crime, but you will be required to apologize in court. The japanese court system is more inquisitorial than accusatorial and based around bringing the individual back into line with the community.
That's interesting, but makes sense, given the apparent value of conformity in Japan.  
Perhaps it might be more useful to examine the rape rates in other countries with high porn consumption, like the Netherlands, although they'll be somewhat skewed, in my opinion, due to the legality of prostitution.

I'm also curious about the process of rape trials in other places, as one reason that rape is underreported in the US is the fact that rape trials here are notoriously rough for the victim.  Or if not in acutality, they've been made to seem that way.
We found out later, about 18 months later, and unfortunately after he had sexually assaulted a few women.  He'd raped one woman in front of her teen daughter, telling her that if she didn't stay put, he'd rape her too.

When he'd visited my house, he'd come from the nearby nursing home where he'd stolen a bunch of granny underwear.  We know this because when I went after him, I sawed his groin across the top of the brick fence he was trying to climb over and he dropped the bag containing my stuff and the granny pants as well.

Despite the police coming (I was yelling blue murder at him and it attracted quite a number of police) and the very accurate description, and the fact that he'd been released not three months prior and lived locally...they didn't investigate.  

He's now in prison, and considering it was the 90s and he was in his late fifties at the time, I hope he died there.
Yeah, what's up with that mentality of 'only attractive people get raped'?  Watched too many movies, boys?  IRL, all kinds of people, male and female, young and old are predicated upon by assailants.
I think what you said is correct.And what you said works both ways as well: With both males and females.I hardly think its just a male oriented thing exploiting hapless females but females who choose willingly whom to party and associate with, with little or no self respect wonts the booze starts flowing as you mentioned.  

I think another problem is perhaps out of many things alcohol consumption is not taught by parents but taught down from one childish college generation to the next. Binge drinking become the norm and classy tips are lost. 

I rarely drink to get drunk, perhaps buzzed but thats it. I also possess an uncanny amount resistance towards addictive substances substances. So while i say you can have a drink once and a while and it wont be a problem thats not entirely true. Drinking is just not for everyone, certain people know that will end up drunk like a skunk without any sense of self control. Self control is the key here and identifying if you have some or if you don't. If you don't then you should be fully aware of the consequences before hand.
Im glad that you said *something*, even if it didn't end up with the fight being stopped.  The world needs more of your type.
LOLz, as if the editor of a 'proper' paper would allow them to put a commentary piece like this on the front page as a news item.  Newbs in the newsroom soon learn through painful experience what constitutes good writing and what doesn't. 

Ideally, she should have allowed herself to be interviewed about her experience.  I'd probably follow that up with a 'personal viewpoint' piece deeper inside the paper.

(For all the 'it was too well written, therefore untrue' comments here, I assure you, that it wasn't particularly well written.  Its not bad, but it should have been tidied up a bit more.)
"It's sort of a myth that there are lots of persecuted men wrongfully accused of rape."

Ok back that one up with some facts.  I'll make a blanket unsupported statement too.

It's sort of a myth that there were lots of persecuted women wrongfully accused of being witches in the 17th century.
"Majority of the commenters on reddit really do view rape or sexual assault as lies from women to hurt men."

BS!  We just happen to put more faith in verifiable objective facts.  If this story was about some emo kid getting the living shit kicked out of him I believe two things would occur:

1) I would view his story with the same critical analysis as any other story, including this one.

2) you wouldn't likely give a shit.
Where's your evidence for this?
Fuck those Duke kids.  They were complete assholes who created much of the controversy by  their own actions.
Sorry, which women are 'turning into Hilary super fans'?  I haven't seen such a trend.
Who in their right mind would argue that stories about random rapes in parks with strangers are largely false?  That doesn't make any sense.  I would think that most instances where the victim's story is questioned involves situations where the parties know each other.
These types of arguments are made when the victim knows the assailant not when there are randoms attacks in parks.
Plenty of bitterness here I think.  

"Women know how to play the game, but some smart women refuse because they don't want to be that type of woman. "  

Are you kidding?  What does one have to do with the other?
First off, this is America and at least theoretically persons are supposed to be presumed innocent until proven guilty.  That means ALL accusations are supposed to be suspect.  Even accusations about sexual assault.  Including ones made by admittedly drunk persons that border on the fantastic.

Clearly what either alleged perpetrator did here, if true, is inexcusable and they should be punished.  

However, the alleged victim here suggests that she was attacked by a mob in addition to  suspect no. 1 (the dry humper) and suspect no.2 (the shirt puller) which I find to be somewhat suspect.  It may be absolutely true, but the girl starts out talking about how drunk she was ("last Saturday morning I got out of bed after a few hours of restless sleep, more than a little hung over.") and how she single handedly beat up two college age men.  Further she says, "I was surrounded, but I kept swinging and hitting until I was able to break free of the circle they had formed" when she provides no evidence that some of these people (maybe both men and women) were not coming to her aid.  Has anyone here ever approached a drunk person (male or female) to see if they were ok only to rebuffed by a belligerent ass?
This is completely false, the "2-3% of all sexual assault accusations are fake" is a completely false statistic.
Truth is, in many cases its hard to tell if a rape occurred or not especially if there was alcohol involved. Most of the time the woman's story is taken in as being true with little to no investigation of what actually occurred.

If the girl really was sexually assaulted then it's a sad thing indeed, but she's no hero.

I personally think her story is a bit sketchy, and the way it was presented was downright retarded.
Why don't you cite some case law?
Yes, it does work both ways. But people of both genders can be deceptive, and trust can be illusory.  Your solution is not to drink to get drunk, mine just not to drink with other people.

People of the USA have problems with this, it's unfortunate that we seek to solve these problems through legislation instead of looking to the cultures of other places that seem to have a handle on their booze consumption (Italy, Germany, France) for solutions.
I've already posted a [comment](http://reddit.com/info/6iple/comments/c03ykcy) about this.
That was the point.  If they're in school to learn something about journalism, the editors of the paper should put it into practice.  And I think, instead of this Cosmo "It happened to me" type almost fluff piece, it would have been more constructive for their campus community at large to examine the issues surrounding this particular celebration weekend.  There are many more ways this could have been done better.
Christianity is to blame?  Most people would say the forced sexed is a taboo - not just Christians - and certainly everyone who has it forced up on them.  I would also look around the world a little closer.  The countries where women have the nearly the same opportunities as men have Christian roots.  Asia aborts girls before birth nearly 2&gt;1 over boys, and there is no need to bring up treatment of women in Arab and African countries....
Time to get away from Christian bashing and look into the real world.
To be fair, Feminism has a pretty fractured landscape.  There are very reasonable feminists, as well as very unreasonable ones.  And there are men who subscribe to the unreasonable viewpoints as well.
I'm speaking from the real world of the United States of America.  Talk to the Southern Baptists, talk to the Catholics if you want to see women's worth in their worlds.  Christianity has a bad history of demonizing the adult human sexual impulse which has led to the supression/subjugation of women as well as general ignorance of human sexuality.

Porn would not be as big in our society if sexuality wasn't a big no-no even among consenting adults.  Let's not even talk about the American Christian doctrines that establish the male as the head of the family and forbid women to leave him.  Let's not talk about the Christians that deny women the rights to their bodies and birth control and abortion, even in the case of rape. 
Christianity is to blame inasmuch as people who participate in it refuse any blame on their philosophy's shoulders and blame it all on the evil demon, porn.
We just need to be more aware.  The bystander effect is the default state, certainly, but we can observe our own behavior and modify it.  All it takes is one person doing the right thing, and many bystanders will get with the program.
Freudian slip check returned no results.  I don't think you got the joke.  Don't lose any sleep over it though.
But.. it's your... oh, like he's upstairs and your downstairs.  My bad.  Meh, I'm not ashamed to admit some get by me.
;)
I doubt it.
[deleted]

Summary:
But I don't get this.
I know what you mean.
I think many people would agree.
I understand that people do that.
I feel the same could happen to a guy.
Even accusations about sexual assault.
I would not have hit it.
People are going to say I'm blaming the victim.
I don't think you got the joke.
I think most women have rape fantasies.
You're right, many people do see assaults that way.
Though I don't think the girl in the linked story above provoked the attack, I do think some attacks are provoked.
No, that's not what I'm saying.
Shit like this happens all the time.
All I know is this.
That's nice but I don't need to rape fatties...
That doesn't make any sense.
Also how do you know whom is right?
What does one have to do with the other?
A woman did that to me once.
Victim is the one responsible.
I don't think you've thought that through.
She's wants to feel pretty enough that men would go out of their way to rape her.
You're damn right I think it's acceptable!
I know, I know, this is only a crime of a few bad seeds.
So, I don't see how it is possible for us to know that 'very very few cries of rape or sexual assault are false'.
I would say a culture of alcohol is too blame here.
The thing is, she had no idea how far he wanted to go.
I never realised how many people like that there were on Reddit.
She probably would have killed the first guy!
If she killed someone for fondling her, she would still get time.
I would think that most instances where the victim's story is questioned involves situations where the parties know each other.
So what if she was really assaulted?
How do you know you're right about yourself?
Wouldn't want to live in a world like that...)
Laws are in place so that we don't do things such as this.
I agree that people (read here as "women") need to use more common sense, but really, where does it fucking end?
I'll come forward and say "I did not assault you."
I have some doubts though.
But if you're drunk, you may not think about this, or even care.
+ the bitch should have been carrying a gun if she didn't want to get raped.
Women lying about rape is quite common.
I agree with you on what the definition of a good person **should** be.
Hell I would have killed the little fuck.
I am always amazed when shit like this happens in a large group.
That's like saying that having sex with my boyfriend is the same as being raped.
My friends and I joke around like that all the time...
It seems that no one who matters knows the guy's name, so there's nothing to clear.
The idea that people could stand by and ignore something like that just didn't seem real.
Surely out of "thousands of people" there should be someone like me?
I don't think her story was entirely true, it seemed stylized to make a point.
Reddit seems to think that accusing men of rape is some sort of hobby for women.
Actually, statistically, very, very few cries of rape or sexual assault are false.
It's assholes like this that give men a bad name.
Yeah, what's up with that mentality of 'only attractive people get raped'?
Do you know if this is the case?
Please get the fuck out.
But I haven't, because it's not true.
But when you're drunk, judgment is the first thing to go.
It wasn't just one person, it was a group of people, and they left bruises on her.
Majority of the commenters on reddit really do view rape or sexual assault as lies from women to hurt men.
"Majority of the commenters on reddit really do view rape or sexual assault as lies from women to hurt men."
I for one, try to look at the details before making a judgement.
She was in a group, there were thousands of drunk people there.
"I've been drunk off my knocker and I know when to stop."
There has to be some other part of the story.
It's not the victim's responsibility to prevent crime, it's the criminal's.
"It's not the victim's responsibility to prevent crime, it's the criminal's."
You seem to think otherwise.
The world needs more of your type.
You must be a woman, also you must not be getting any.
It could make things worse, a lot worse.
I'm certainly not saying that women shouldn't protect themselves, even when they're drunk.
Actually, I met lots of frat guys like this.
Mind if I take pictures?
My friends and I joke around like this all the time as well (I'm a girl btw).
And if he does, she's likely to shoot him anyway.
If you or your friends make 'passes' at women like this, then I hope that woman kicks your fucking arse in, sir.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Plenty of bitterness here I think.
But yeah, not to the extent the comments on this page would have someone think.
I look for nerdy guys who are funny and kind, and you know what?
It would be great if they could all just kill themselves in remorse for being such asses, but thats not likely to happen.
&gt; Actually, statistically, very, very few cries of rape or sexual assault are false.
A woman says rape or assault to me and I'm not automatically thinking it's a lie - I'm thinking of ways to get them help.
&gt;UConn Student Sexually Assaulted,

UConn Student Allegedly Sexually Assaulted.
Just because someone is drunk doesn't mean they have no right to defend themselves.
That's kind of the problem.
But that's the state of the world, even though a lot of us (everyone in this discussion, I'm sure) are trying to make it a better place.
There are many more ways this could have been done better.
It's sort of a myth that there are lots of persecuted men wrongfully accused of rape.
"It's sort of a myth that there are lots of persecuted men wrongfully accused of rape."
&gt;I don't know if I agree with using deadly force for fondling

Fuck that.
Don't try to change their feelings.
I would also look around the world a little closer.
I also doubt she could have known how many people it took to pull her off of her assaulter.
exactly what i was thinking.
On the one hand, something fucked up probably happened and the guy who did it will never get caught.
Trusting someone one shouldn't trust?
They should make it a dry campus, I bet it would work wonders.
And don't worry about a thing.
I don't agree at all that these actions mean a woman is bringing it on herself, but that's a pretty prevalent argument from the other comments on this page.
I really wished it didn't happen that way, but enough women crying wolf makes me wonder about cases such as this.
It's not that would like to be raped, but rather that they feel that they are "good looking" enough to make men crazy enough to rape them.
But seriously though your point is valid and I agree with you.
The behavior is consensual (and joking) so I don't understand what the problem is.
All it takes is one person doing the right thing, and many bystanders will get with the program.
Drunks shoot people in self-defense all the time and get no-billed.
Just because someone isn't being careful doesn't mean they deserve to be raped.
Sexual assault isn't a matter of "individual rights".
That's why I am suspicious.
I think you mean objectivity, not subjectivity.
Oh don't get me wrong, I hate that freaking myth.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.61
