Original Response:
[deleted]
I wonder how stories like this are presented in China? Breaking: Rebel group of vicious monks, attack peaceful policeman going about their job of protecting the greatest country in the world!"
[deleted]
lol china
It reports stuff like this instead.

http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2008-04/04/content_7921057.htm
The article says that "an official was attacked and seriously wounded". I don't see why police force couldn't be used if the protesters start attacking people.
It's about equally absurd to believe the people who got shot were peacefully going about their business
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
where is the anti western media bias petition, i would like to sign too!
i think youve been living in america for too long.
[Insert Iraq war and America comment here]
*Police Fire on Washington Protesters; 8 Die* = 5234 points, posted 1 hour ago, 10000 comments

??
[deleted]
*"It's about equally absurd to believe the people who got shot were peacefully going about their business"*

What 'business' is there in Tibet right now, by any chance?
Good thing people pay taxes which support these police otherwise they don't care about the poor.

-brilliant socialist
We dont know what happened. They were marching on government offices. PRC says "An official was attacked and seriously wounded." If this is really the case, then police are right to shoot on rioters. In the end, we should not be quick to condemn the Chinese government
Iraq war and America comment
Never been there, although I have been to Tibet. What does America have to do with this story? It seems like a local conflict, completely unrelated to America.
Well, that explains the 8 dead protesters. 

Now for the thousands of "criminals" that the Chinese government puts to death each year for the crime of being accused of, err, anything.
We dont know if they were "protesters." For indeed IF they were rioters of the kind that were running around Lhasa last month, it is my opinion that they probably deserved to get shot. Zero tolerance for killers and arsonists
Also, lest you confuse people who dont know enough about China: capital punishment in China is handed out for murders and corruption. Political "criminals" usually get prison sentences
&gt; capital punishment in China is handed out *to those merely accused of* murders and corruption

There, fixed it for you.
sounds a lot like the american 9/11 conspiracy theories
Wrong, they are convicted. I am not commenting on the quality of the judicial system. Anyway, it's not like the U.S. doesn't sentence to life lots of innocent people.
[deleted]
What if a group of Tibetans say: "A group of Tibetan protesters were attacked and seriously wounded."  If this were really the case, then would the Tibetans have the right to shoot the officers?  In the end, we should not be quick to underestimate the state's monopoly on excessive lethal force.
Of course not, they're not dumb!

They just hurt the local populace instead.
I disagree with you, see...

[Insert Iraq war and American comment retort]
Don't they have non lethal weapons?  This will only escalate.  AP has more credibility than most of the other articles post here about the situation.
Kinda like how the US press reported on the peaceful protests after the Rodney King beating
You are an apologist for state sponsored murder on an industrial scale.

I'm not from the US and you are talking utter bollocks.
In a country of 1.3 billion people, if capital punishment is legal, then of course ud be killing thousands. Little Texas kills 100s. If you call it industrial, then fine
Yeah!!!!! If an overseas activist group said it, it obviously must be wrong!
In Texas they're not incarcerating and torturing people for merely being interviewed by foreign journalists. 

Your attempts at excusing detention, torture and murder are disgusting. I'm beginning to suspect that you are an agent of the Chinese government.
&gt; Little Texas kills 100s. If you call it industrial, then fine

American death row inmates get an appeal by right, free legal representation, a public trial by a jury of their peers, and, if the defendant is convicted of a capital offense, a second trial to determine the sentence. The sentencing trial jury must specify the aggravating factors that make a death sentence appropriate, and, as previously mentioned, the convict has a right to appeal the sentence if the sentence is death. It takes about two decades for the process to conclude. Journalists, lawyers, and the public are allowed free access to the facts of the case, and the government doesn't crush them if they challenge the court's verdict.

Now, I live in Texas, and I know there are many aspects of our judicial system that are grossly inadequate and, in the case of capital punishment, barbaric. For example, it is inexcusable that a state-provided defense lawyer who slept through his client's capital murder trial wasn't held to be ineffective representation. I think we should abolish the death penalty. But anyway, even though I disagree with capital punishment, Texas is nothing like China in terms of oppression.
Fair enough, and I am sure that the US treats suspected criminals much better. No question about it. All I am introducing is more fairness to the debate. Just saying that China kills 1000s of people is not a sufficient argument for the demonization of China that goes on in the US society. We need arguments like yours that dig deeper to actually find the real truth
You know, sometimes I myself wonder why I defent China so much on reddit. And the reason is that I feel the need to step in and defend it, as it has been attacked so viciously in circles like these. Attacked without any opportunity to defend itself. Now, I know that China is not paradise and it has many problems to work out, but it has been developing very positively in the past 25 years and you gotta give it credit for that. Instead, people like you will prevaricate and spin facts out of control in their sinophobic fervor. So yeah, that's why I find myself in this position. Im not even Chinese...
I'm in Dharmshala now on vacation -- the home of the Tibetans in exile, and the home of the dalai lama. 

People here are very angry and very upset about what is going on with china, understandably. There are hunger-strikes, candle-lit protests and tibetan people everywhere that want to go home.

I have read a lot about "suicide-bomber monks" and "physical resistance" warranting this sort of heavy-handed response from china. Honestly, I dont see it in these people. They are very gentle.

I for one will be boycotting the Chinese olympics and where I can, chinese goods. China has so much power these days because it is such an economic power-house. They know that they can get away with whatever they want because of this, including religious and ethnic persecution and genocide.
boycott
But you don't understand, you clearly are not American...
[Insert completely baseless and senseless argument here]
I can do that.

Summary:
We dont know if they were "protesters."
Honestly, I dont see it in these people.
I wonder how stories like this are presented in China?
Iraq war and America comment.
[Insert Iraq war and America comment here]
I don't see why police force couldn't be used if the protesters start attacking people.
We dont know what happened.
I disagree with you, see...

[Insert Iraq war and American comment retort]
If this is really the case, then police are right to shoot on rioters.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
