Original Response:
10 BOMB-OIL-RICH-NATION-FOR-SKIPPING-DOLLAR

20 GOTO 10
30 PRINT "OOPS, WE MADE A MISTAKE.  SORRY, WORLD."
Weapons of Slight Destruction?

Weapons that wouldn't be effective if Bush's USA wasn't occupying a country.
&gt; A senior military official leaked to the press plans to publicly reveal the evidence of weapons caches found in Iraq which can be directly traced back to Iran.

Iran is selling weapons for use in war? How evil! Wait... I can think of another country that sells lots of weapons...
Just in time, the Dollar is projected to rise against the Euro.
But you'll never reach that line because of the loop--oh, I get it.
Yeah, OK, the US isn't blameless.

But, what do you think Iran is doing by dumping the dollar?  They're beating the war drum as well.  I guaran-damn-tee you they're not doing this solely because it's economically necessary.  It's also a great big giant "fuck you, United States".
&gt;*"The revelation of evidence comes just days after top U.S. military officials have openly admitted"*

I wonder how this oddly truncated paragraph (without even a full-stop) in the middle of the article was supposed to end? What did the officials openly admit that got hastily deleted from the text? Most curious.
how is Iran beating a war drum? it's a load of bullshit to think that it's ok to strong arm a country into using your failing currency, or at least it should be. like it or not, Iran is still a sovereign country. it's their  right to use or reject any currency they choose. it doesn't have to be economically necessary, or even economically smart, it is still their right.

&gt;It's also a great big giant "fuck you, United States".

In the words of Dick Cheney, "So?"
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not this idiotic meme again.  Quick, which day is the invasion scheduled for this time?
The plants which manufacture weapons used in a war are valid military targets.  Switzerland restricted weapons sales and even prohibited the transport of munitions on railways which passed through their country so as not to become entangled in WWII.

Iran can sell weapons to forces fighting against the Iraqis and coalition forces, but then they should expect to get bombed.  It's not that it's wrong to manufacture or sell weapons, but it definitely makes you a valid target.
Maybe I'm naive, but as far as I know, nobody on the entire planet tried to strong-arm Iran into using the US dollar.  People have just historically used the US dollar for trade because it was the most widely-used, stable currency that existed.

People use the US dollar for transactions for the same reason that they use the English language for communication.  It's ubiquitous, well-known, and understood.  Also, people use the US dollar for trades because it's low-risk to hold money in US dollars.

Also, I don't deny that it's 100% Iran's right to use any currency they want to use for their transactions.  It's their oil, after all.  They can make the world trade for it in ostrich eggs if they see fit.

My only point is that Iran is not doing this entirely for practical reasons.  They're doing it partly because the dollar is declining, but also partly to snub the US.
I think your take on pop culture is a little outdated.
Someone has figured out how to game the front page by using this [worldnews] section.  How can I opt out of this section but keep the rest of my frontpage exactly the same?
I guess we should get bombed with that logic, since we sold weapons to Iraq during the Iraq/Iran war.
But you'll never reach that line because of the loop--oh, I get it.
&gt;It's not that it's wrong to manufacture or sell weapons, but it definitely makes you a valid target.

Which is what I've said all along.  9/11 was totally justified as the USA is the worse offender of your logic.
wacko prediction #453 about iran being invaded.

*yawn*
40 ???

50 Profit!
Nah, they don't want a war with us. I doubt they are intentionally beating any war drums. They don't like death metal over there, if you know what I mean...
a war with IRAN would be devastating for the U.S. and post world without U.S dominance eminent
...however it has been wars that speed up the most dramatic changes to societies in terms of technology, economic and global dominance
was that sarcasm or a revelation?
[deleted]
The WTC attack was an attack on a non-military and non-government building containing civilians.  The Pentagon attack, however, was a legitimate attack on a government building and wouldn't be a "terrorist" attack (in the traditional sense) had they not used a commercial airliner filled with civilians.

Attacks on civilian targets are almost never justified.

The bombing of a federal building in Oklahoma is widely considered a non-terrorist action because it was an attack on a government facility which was not directed at civilians, and the motive was retaliation for crimes committed by agents of the government in Waco, TX and Naples, ID.

Now, most people consider it terrorism anyway, but the definition of terrorism changes with the wind.
If Iran wanted to attack weapons facilities in the US back in the days of the Iran-Iraq war, they would have had plenty of justification.

Nobody "should" get bombed, but bombings are certainly justified under certain circumstances.
&gt; Weapons of Slight Destruction?

Small arms cause the vast majority of deaths in warfare and shouldn't be treated lightly...Think of how different Africa would be without the AK-47 and it's variants.
&gt;Attacks on civilian targets are almost never justified.

Like Hiroshima and Nagasaki?  I'm fairly certain those weren't military targets...

As well, the hospital that the US just bombed in Iraq, was that a military target?
The target was military, the hospital was not.

Just like with a weapons manufacturing facility, even if it is populated by civilians, it is still a valid military target and the destruction of civilian property and the loss of civilian life is an unfortunate side-effect.

Hiroshima and Nagasaki were military targets.  The problem with using nukes is that the collateral damage is enormous.  Keep in mind that the US decided not to bomb Tokyo because it was of lesser strategic military importance.
Oh I know. Or the most personal of all, the land mine.
Yeah, and Iran knows the only thing we can deploy at this point is a drum.
you know, there has been other occasions where groups of people, with intentions of turning a country into a dictatorship, have intentionally run a country and its economy into the ground. it puts people into a weak and desperate state, willing to give up anything for rescue from those troubles.

pre-nazi america anyone?
Iran hasn't been using dollars in oil trade for years.
What's wrong with profit.  I wake up every morning to profit.  

Surely you don't wake up every morning to spend more than you earn.
&gt;*Surely you don't wake up every morning to spend more than you earn.*

The US Government does!
EXACTLY!  You and I are not lucky enough to have the legal powers to counterfeit the currency.
Guy, dumping the dollar means you sell your dollar reserves. Who cares about the oil transaction currency - it's just for the transaction.
[deleted]
Served.
Being a drum made in and borrowed from China.
[deleted]
don't forget dresden.
But you'll never reach that line because of the loop--oh, I get it.
you can put the same resources you put into war into those economic and technological developments for the same effect.
You don't understand how the dollar's fiat status has been propping up the US way of life, do you?

Let's say that all of a sudden the fiat oil currency became the Icelandic krona. To get hold of krona, other countries would be forced  to exchange their goods and services for Icelandic krona, so the people of Iceland can basically get hold of all manner of goods through forced trade, which they exchange for bits of paper. Sounds like a good deal for the Icelandic people, no?
[deleted]
BREAKING: Reddit announces the begin of the third world war for the Nth time...
again nothing really happens...
C-C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER!!!
I've read the articles you parrot and I am still convinced the choice of currency for use during the few seconds of an electronic transaction cannot possibly affect anything.
It's because nations have tended to stockpile dollars and make them their reserve currency. In the past, that meant that every dollar that we printed that ended up sitting in a reserve somewhere was a dollar donated to us by that foreign government. If they stop using dollars as a reserve currency, they flood the market with those dollars and make each outstanding dollar less valuable.
&gt;US decided not to bomb Tokyo because it was of lesser strategic military importance.

Actually, it had a lot to do with Tokyo's cultural significance as experienced by one of the Generals involved in choosing the targets, as he had gone there on his honeymoon.
The WTC housed *numerous* government operations, including massive CIA-backed endeavours used to repress societies in other countries.  It was a very valid military target.
I think you missed what I did there...

:)
Spoken like someone who truly wishes it would just happen already.
Post Date: May 1st, 2008

&gt;It is being reported by an anonymous official that plans to release evidence were going to go forward sooner than is now expected because Iraqi officials want to first meet with Iranian officials to discussion a possible solution to what U.S. officials see as a growing problem.

[Sun May 4, 9:43 AM ET](http://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/20080504/wl_mideast_afp/iraniraqpoliticsunrest_080504134305)

&gt;Iraq said on Sunday it has no evidence that Iran was supplying militias engaged in fierce street fighting with security forces in Baghdad.

&gt;Government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said there was no "hard evidence" of involvement by the neighbouring Shiite government of Iran in backing Shiite militiamen in the embattled country.

&gt;Asked about reports that weapons captured from Shiite fighters bore 2008 markings suggesting Iranian involvement, Dabbagh said: "We don't have that kind of evidence... If there is hard evidence we will defend the country."
&gt;Iran can sell weapons to forces fighting against the Iraqis and coalition forces, but then they should expect to get bombed. It's not that it's wrong to manufacture or sell weapons, but it definitely makes you a valid target.

By this logic, the US is a valid target for anyone who has been the victim of weapons the US sold to their enemies.
Spoken as someone who truly wishes this unfunded kind of news wouldnt get upmodded so high thus spam the frontpage.
the united states hung saddam for killing the kurds but the usa told the kurds if they would revolt we would back them.  like cowards we did not show up.

usa lied about wmd's as it is the usa that uses wmd's.  

dick cheney, the vietnam war drafter is an international murderer and criminal assisted by condeleeza rice (chevron oil), donald rumsfield the collateral damage man from two wars.

when, just when will the entire world get tire of the usa using gestapo powers to terrorized all nations, including friendly nations.

go ahead and attack iran...that will make iran/iraqi/afghanistan combat veterans all three wars screwed in their ass when they get home.  these veterans should remember to be an army of one and what goes around comes around especially with the department of vetrans affairs....the people who make fun of combat veterans and their family.
LOLWUT

Sauce on those "massive CIA-backed endeavours", please.
Correct. And your point is?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Might makes right, no?
[deleted]
lolwut? Do we have another retarded meme to dumb us down now?
And since the US is the only one with the capacity to do such, only the US has the 'right' to bomb.  nce again, might makes right. Yay.
[Its not like you couldn't use google yourself .. ](http://www.commondreams.org/headlines01/1104-04.htm)
LOLWUT

Tokyo suffered massive firebombing during WW2. The reason why the US didn't nuke it was because it would have been difficult to assess the damage caused by the nuclear bombing alone and the US wanted to use it on a previously untargetted city.
&gt;In his autobiography, Reischauer specifically refuted that validity of this broadly-accepted version:

"I probably would have done this if I had ever had the opportunity, but there is not a word of truth to it. As has been amply proved by my friend Otis Cary of Doshisha in Kyoto, the only person deserving credit for saving Kyoto from destruction is Henry L. Stimson, the Secretary of War at the time, who had known and admired Kyoto ever since his honeymoon there several decades earlier."[10]

My bad, I was thinking of Kyoto.  You must have known that already, since you've got three years of college under your belt, you International Relations STUDENT, you.

Summary:
Iran is selling weapons for use in war?
It was a very valid military target.
The plants which manufacture weapons used in a war are valid military targets.
It's not that it's wrong to manufacture or sell weapons, but it definitely makes you a valid target.
how is Iran beating a war drum?
&gt;It's not that it's wrong to manufacture or sell weapons, but it definitely makes you a valid target.
The target was military, the hospital was not.
I can think of another country that sells lots of weapons...
It's their oil, after all.
But, what do you think Iran is doing by dumping the dollar?
Nah, they don't want a war with us.
Iran hasn't been using dollars in oil trade for years.
like it or not, Iran is still a sovereign country.
usa lied about wmd's as it is the usa that uses wmd's.
Attacks on civilian targets are almost never justified.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
