Original Response:
Here we see one of the last desperate acts of a government on the way out. The people on the advisory committee who are arguing against this reclassification need to resign in protest. What is the point in being a scientific advisor when government has already made its (ignorant) decision?
Well, this *totally isn't* an obvious attempt to try to appease the Daily Mail reading dullards by a ruling party that just had its ass handed to it in the local elections and that had already been flailing about uselessly for many months running up to the elections.
I swear to you, I was about to say the same thing.

Did you hear the Govt's representative on Radio 4 this morning? He said "this isn't so much about the cold facts - this is about sending a message".

So while more and more recreational drug users are punished, the criminal gangs that are obviously better at running these things can make their product even stronger.

Hip hip, hooray!
These brutish and ignorant politicians are making it forever known how utterly shortsighted they were, how their actions flew in the face of reason, how atrociously their ethically untenable positions affected society.
You read my mind. Brown is a dead man walking and he knows it.

I wouldn't mind so much if it would actually make any sort of difference, I didn't notice a change when it was downgraded and I am sure I wont notice the difference when it is upgraded. 

[The police have already said that they are not going to clamp down when it comes into force](http://www.guardian.co.uk/society/2008/may/01/drugsandalcohol.drugspolicy)
So much for Gordon Browns promises of listening and learning, evidence based policy and no spin.

All this unelected prime minister seems to be doing is following his own agenda and not taking into account the good of the people. Where is the evidence of the mental health issues, I for one would like to see it for
my own protection and education as if it is overwhelming then I will rethink how I live my life, but all we seem to get are "experts" saying that centres are overrun with patients without giving any fact, figures or comparisons over time. If you have links please post.

The sooner we, the voters in this country, wake up and realise that we need to make our voices heard the better otherwise the country is going to continue turning into a police state
"recriminalises"?  When had it been made not a criminal offense.

A very misleading submission title, ironically in the style of the tabloids who are responsible for influencing the reclassification.
Gordon this won't save you.  Sadly given the Tory's will probably get the next election (gah!), they're not likely to reclassify it down to class C.

I want to know if all the Joe publics they checked for soundbites in agreement with this drink.  

There are so many worse crimes than this!
Pragmatism is for wussies anyway.
hey I'm ok for legalizing drugs but "expert advice"?  What kind of nonsense is this?  (yes I read the entire article).  Just because someone has been hired to be an expert doesn't really mean anything.
shotgun.

classic sign of a weak government - playing to the irrational fears - over what's right.
Send a message? Send a message to who? We are the people we are the ones who should dictate what happens in our countries.. apparently politicians forget that..
You know, I'm not a petty, vindictive person, but somewhere in my kharma zone, a part of me hopes that Jacqui Smith gets cancer and exhausts all of her options to maintain her appetite while going through chemo, and has to resort to the only thing that helps to keep her alive...gee now, what would that be?
[deleted]
And of course people really worry about the legality of their drug of choice /sarcasm
Bunch of posturing assholes. That Jackie Smith is bloody scarey. I wish these morons would stop trying to legislate morality and keep theyre stupid noses out of our business.
Its funny how they fail so spectacularly to control rampant corporate corruption but are hell on jets after people smoking weed..
It appears that Britain and America are in competition with each other to see who can be more outrageoulsy fascist against their citizens and still hold power.
Brown = a man who sucks more american cock than blair did.

I think we'd probably be better of WITH blair, and I hated that guy.
&gt;The police have already said that they are not going to clamp down when it comes into force

&gt;And Gordon Brown said at prime minister's questions that he believed making cannabis a class B drug was supported by the public and the police.

This guy obviously has no idea what is going on in the world.
Besides, Blair was a lot more fun to watch on C-Span here in the states. :)
&gt;gee now, what would that be?

The sweet smell of poetic justice.
It is a sad day indeed when the Daily Mail is deciding government policy.
[deleted]
Keep drinking heavily though.
Yeah, I liked to see Blair here too. Especially, when Bush took him out to press conferences and treated him like his pet puppy.
Day? I wish it was only a day.
Send a message to you. That they are your ruler.
Ugh. Such FUD it's insane. Look, the "stronger" a strain of pot is, the more likely it is to make you sit on the couch and watch cartoons. We're not talking about heroin here. Or cocaine. You won't break out into epileptic fits cause of smoking some "skunk" weed. You just won't be able to get off the couch. But of course, they talk about it in terms like its a powerful narcotic that  because it's "stronger" is going to be leaving little pothead kids laying dead in ditches across the country.
send a message that bloody revolution will be your only path to freedom at this point.
why do those people have the authority.....?
&gt; The report said the evidence suggested a "probable, but weak, causal link between psychotic illness, including schizophrenia, and cannabis use".

Are you *fucking* kidding me? Schizophrenia? I can't even be witty about that. That's just retarded.
Is that you Rupert?
I love it. An upside down police state, where the cops ignore the government and refuse to arrest people because it causes too much paperwork. Bureaucracy FTW.

But seriously:
&gt;The key will be the discretion for officers to strike the right balance. We do not want to criminalise young people who are experimenting.

Why can't they always show this much common sense?
I expect this will put alot of people off.
&gt;Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said that, as its advice had been disregarded, ministers should disband the advisory council of experts and replace it with an advisory council of "tabloid newspaper editors".
IF the advice was prohibition does not work and causes more harm to citizens than the thing it is trying to stop-
then it was expert advice. ;-)
oh noes! more English people harassing Amsterdam!
I was an elected Labour councillor for 8 years; an election agent; a press officer; and worked in HQ for a while (until Blair came along, when I quit). This policy is daft. It is pandering to the right, when the real problem is the economy and too much pandering to the right.

Brown's going down. Sadly what will replace him is worse.
Yah I'm sure the chav epidemic wouldn't be affected at all by legal cannabis.
i read recently that the cases of schizophrenia and 'associated' mental illnesses has actually gone down in the last 10 years, while cannabis use has increased.

And i did as well.
Very wise words.
Does the government really believe that the classification of cannabis will really affect the level of use?  

Nobody expects to get caught!
I would go with a commission of people who have been researching this issue exclusively for a number of weeks/months over politicians desperate to get their ineptitude out of the press and nab a few votes
[deleted]
Now there's a nice [video](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7387173.stm) to go with it. (May only be visible to UK users)
Ms Smith said this now accounted for 80% of the cannabis seized on the streets and the drug was nearly three times stronger than in 1995

OH NOES, NOT MORE THC

we all know how dangerous that is! people could OD on it!

We'd rather have them smoke weak garbage, so they have to inhale much more smoke for the same high.

It's a health concern folks!
O_o
I wouldn't call it idiocy - Obviously it's virtually impossible to conduct a survey on the strength of what's "on the streets". In fact the Independent backtracked on their long-standing decriminalisation campaign because of a report than suggested cannabis is FIFTY times stronger today than in the 60s.

Of course, it later turned out that they compared the absolute weakest hash available back then to the strongest "super-skunk" that's around today.

It seems the only real measurement is anecdotal evidence - and I can say with some confidence that the stuff we can buy now is stronger in virtually every way than what my parents were on. I'd also argue that there's more of it available now.

As for 1995, well, I don't know.

Given than you can't overdose on weed, the strength of it doesn't seem too important (depending on your point of view of course). What's most important is the quality and purity of the product, since some illegal producers seem happy to add sand or glass to their weed.
It will remain illegal everywhere until big pharma's stranglehold on remedies and drugs is B R O K E N.

They can't patent it, they can't own it.  That's wy it's illegal
diabeetus
Wow! This is like Reefer Madness all over again. Listen to this clown describing how terribly difficult it was for him to quit the dangerous skunk. 

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7387582.stm

Unreal. In time when most developed countries are moving in different direction on Cannabis, Britain takes two steps backwards.
I, for one, do not welcome our old authoritarian overlords.
THANK YOU. I'm tired of seeing posts on the 'net with the mistaken impression that it is (was) decriminalised over here...
talk about going backwards
It actually says in the fourth paragraph that it's a Class C drug, which can land you in jail for two years. They're just upping the penalty if you get caught. 

So they're not really "recriminalising" it.
After recently being in London and reading about the skyrocketing levels of Obesity in the EU, I'd say you guys don't need the munchies. You should probably spend your weed money on better dental care.
Statism fails again.
It's almost as if they want more hardened criminals by placing otherwise law-abiding people in prison. Oh, and they want to make sure its possible for the user to gain exposure to other illicit drugs, as to prove the gateway drug theory.

They want to cause people to have psychosis from drug enforcement fear and intimidation to strengthen that case. Oops. Cops aren't doing more than "confiscate and warn".

Why?

Because they know its *bullshit*.
because bush told them to.
Especially in England. Yikes.
He's just a shill for the Socialists who are pushing their crazy neo agenda in England just like crazy crap is being pushed through the US.
They seem oblivious to the fact that 'three times as strong' is a meaningless metric unless you know how much people are/were smoking per joint.
I'm assuming its based on THC content by weight.

Example: 9% THC is 3x as strong as 3% THC

"Torture numbers, and they'll confess to anything."  ~Gregg Easterbrook
Marijuana users, the new jew.
I would like to ask what message it sends that alcohol or tobacco are not class-B drugs, yet Cannabis is...

I think that message is along the lines of hypocrite / corporate whore etc...
Yeah that's what I'd assumed too, but joints over here in the UK are 9/10 mixed with tobacco, my point really was the drug being three times as strong doesn't mean the joints are three times as strong.
socialists???

I think you mean fascists.
Thank god!

That would make you unruly dope fiends 3x as violent!
They also neglect to take into account for the size of the dose that people are taking these days.  In the 60s (I assume) people would smoke a joint or two.  Today, people take one or two hits from a pipe.  So, the amount of THC consumed by a stoner probably hasn't changed that much.  The statistics that the government is sighting say nothing to this.
just to point out, Class C was / is still a criminal offence 

- However is usually delt with by a police warning, or in more serious examples a caution.

Also as most independent and governmental studies show that classification has very little impact if any on peoples use of the drug; 

so it is exactly as Katzmotel pointed out above: 

Political positioning to appease tabloid news readers.
&gt;So while more and more recreational drug users are punished

"Recreational" has nothing to do with it, it is against the law and thus those who break the law deserve their punishment.
YES! YES YES YES YES! OH HAPPY DAY!

Oh, thank you, Labour. I may just vote for you for this. This is brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. I am so happy they saw the light. THANK SCIENCE!

*Dances merrily*
Send a message to the filthy stoners that this shit just isn't on.
I don't know, I for one support him.
Recriminializing cannabis IS in the good of the people.
You can't point out common sense things on reddit, it doesn't fit into their hyper liberal agenda!
I'm arguing from their point of view though, even if they believe that it does have that effect on people (which you're right, it obviously doesnt), their argument is still nonsense.
&gt;resign in protest.
Or be fired.
Unless it works out in everyone's best interests, like this does.
How is making drugs illegal fascist?
uh what?
I've known a lot of people who've become schizophrenic through cannabis use.
I think you mean forwards.
No, it's illegal because it is dangerous and immoral.
haha
Yep.

They want this policy for political reasons.

They just found statistics to justify it.
Gordon Brown, a shill for the socialists?

*plumps up a pillow*

Go on, explain :D
What, you can't read?
thc can evoke psychosis. i suffered from it, it screwed my life up. i know many people who have careered off their path in life because they got mentally hooked on dope. i find your facetiousness offensive.
Seems the only supporters he has left are idiots.
So stronger dope is more dangerous?

Nothing you said makes that true.
Get out there and fix that, UK citizens! Learn a lesson from your French rivals, and protest when your superiors do something unfair!
Your penalties are now worse than those in the United States, which as you can understand is extremely pathetic for a country of the calibre of the UK.
some people definitely react badly to it and go very nutty. i know this from first hand experience. for some, it does have serious mental health implications. i would not be happy seeing this drug legalized.
as do i. and i have experienced cannabis psychosis myself. it's not nice.
You're a Gordon Brown supporter? Huh...
That wasn't a terribly good comeback - was it?
how much experience of cannabis use do you have. i can tell you from my own experience that there is a BIG difference between hash and skunk. first time i tried skunk the world went black. this is not something i want in my society. my personal opinion is that it should be legal in certain contexts. i don't even know what were arguing about in this comment section. i'm just voicing my belief that cannabis does in fact pose serious mental health concerns for many people. especially the young whose brains are vulnerable due to underdevelopment.
Since you've got a pillow out, go to the Google Tubes and watch the BBC documentaries _the Trap_ and _Century of the Self_. I'll be over in a bit in my slippers...
of course it's more dangerous! why wouldn't it be?
Marijuana, safer than aspirin, safer than tobacco, safer than alcohol.
No documented death in the entire written history of man from cannabis overdose.

Also- remember folks- you DON'T have to SMOKE it- so the damaging to your lungs argument is in the toilet too.

As long as marijuana is illegal, governments have a cash crop that they can spin gold out of thin air with to finance operations that are "off the books". Trade the weed for coke, sell the coke for cash, use the cash for weapons and training.

That's why it is still illegal.
Add in the additional bonus of waging class warfare against the very people that would see you overthrown, imprisoning them for life sometimes- and then using their slave labor to create goods for you political backers- the corporations.

Pretty neato-scam eh?
And all it takes is a stupid ignorant soccer mom to continue to applaud it and a dumb warhawk to say yeah screw you hippy- and it keeps on keepin on- the ultimate in fascist domination!
SAY IT with CAPS...
Tapok, you are what Stalin would term a:
USEFUL IDIOT.
Oh my God, my friend is this totally angry drunk ... I know what you mean ... some people have problems, so we all can't be trusted.
I'm not claiming its harmless or that there is no reason to keep it illegal.

I'm simply saying that their logic is horribly flawed, and stronger weed isnt anymore dangerous than weak weed.

It poses a mental health concern to people with a tendency towards addiction and self-medication.  As do most perscription medications, tobacco, and alcohol.  Weed doesn't create crazy people, crazy people tend to smoke weed (just as they tend to abuse pills and smoke cigarettes).
What was the difference between socialism and fascism again? Please read the Road To Serfdom by Friedrich Hayek (recipient of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1974.

He knows more on the matter than you.
If you have to ask that question- you are a fascist.
*Fujimitsu Wins*
it helps if you back up your opinions with research instead of vaporous opinion tapok.
Of course if you did your research- you wouldn't hold those opinions!!
Marijuana- safest drug known to man on the planet earth hands down! Safer than aspirin, safer than alcohol, safer than tobacco--- etc....
actually - see my comment above on why marijuana is illegal. It has more to do with a bake sale to raise money for black operations against citizens.
Seriously, what are they smoking over there?
The (Conservative) South (East) shall rise again! Say hello to your knew City of London overlords.
Government socialism or socialism run directly by the people?
right. i could be wrong, but i do think it is more dangerous, because the negative side-effects of pot smoking such as debilitated motivation for example, are only going to be exaggerated when there is more thc in the brain. the dangers are psychological, and the more thc you have in your system the more at risk you are. therefore, stronger pot poses a greater threat to society than weaker. 

i would vote in favour of any government decision that reduces the possibility of super-strength weed getting into the hands of my young children. i think certain people need to be protected from these things, that is why i advocate a tightening of the rules. 

smoking pot is fine in the context of recreational use. i believe thinking intelligent people can use drugs wisely. but unfortunately, most people are not thinking or intelligent, and the overall effect of drugs on society in my honest opinion is unhealthy and bad.
Haha, yeah that was awesome. Just lucky he didn't try the same deal with the Queen... :X

But I think he just plays plain old schoolyard pranks on Gordon Brown. 'Come on Gordon, we're going for another ride on the golf cart' 'Noooooo I'm too dizzy George :('.
Harassment? Well I never. It was molestation and you damn well know it.
Provided this isn't a troll...

An arbitrary ruling body is telling you what you can and cannot ingest and is enforcing it by threat of physical violence and incarceration. For your own good, for the good of the children, and for the good of the nation.

Fascist.
Ignorance is dangerous and immoral- meaning tapok is dangerous and immoral.
Weed is the safest thing ever. Please a read a book real soon so you can start thinking clearly. you can start here:
http://blogcritics.org/archives/2005/07/04/180202.php
or if, as I suspect- you have a lot of trouble reading- you can watch a video-
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-1403765418677135673&amp;q=marijuana+prohibition&amp;ei=r-4hSKKlLqX0rALF4IHRAg&amp;hl=en
right, so your looking at things from an individualist perspective. and your saying that it's not fair that something is restricted for an individual, because other people don't know how to use it wisely?

what are you proposing? we remove the protection so that the responsible users can start enjoying themselves without breaking the law?
I've known a lot of people who have become psychotic through alcohol use.
the dangers of marijuana are on the psychological level. the fact that you can't physically OD on it doesn't mean that it is generally 'safe'.

yeah, you don't HAVE to smoke it, but that's generally how most pot users administer it.

the governments corrupt motivations does not mean that marijuana is a good thing.
To be honest, I don't much care for coming up with witty and innovative comebacks when you dismiss supporters of a politician as idiots just because they disagree with you. Oh, and the plain old ridiculousness of the personal attack. Whatever.
DIGGISRUNBYTHEGOVT, you are what Stalin would term a statistic.
I used caps for emphasis, its not like I cruise controlled.
Noooo, I really don't get how wanting the banning a dangerous narcotic substance makes me a fascist. Do you just throw the word around? Do you really know what it means? Do you know how I feel about civil rights? You do not. So answer the question, or drop it.
"Since cannabis was downgraded there has been widespread concern about the increased prevalence of stronger "skunk" varieties."

Bullshit.  There is no 'superweed' and skunk weed is no better than a lot of strains I can name.  Most of it is in the growing conditions and skunk weed is not any kind of super weed, nor does such a thing exist.  Jam that nonsense, unless you think the loch ness monster smokes it.

"Ms Smith said this now accounted for 80% of the cannabis seized on the streets and the drug was nearly three times stronger than in 1995."

More ridiculous tripe.  They said that back in 1995 and again back in 1980 and in 1970 and by 2010 pot will be 100% THC.

What a shame to see the UK taking the same line of blatant lieing and ignorance like the US DEA.
i can't wait until they outlaw something you like that hurts nobody without merit.
are you Gordon Brown's ass wiper?
Your face is dangerous and immoral.
honestly did marijuana kill your Mother &amp; Father?
Because [marijuana doesn't make people impotent, right?](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.html?in_article_id=562448&amp;in_page_id=1770)  [And there's no link between cannabis and schizophrenia?](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/4305783.stm)

Yeah, harmless. Sure. But its not even the fact that its dangerous that bothers me most. Frankly, if it was dangerous, I'd be all for letting people like you get away with smoking it. It might kill you sooner, and solve some of our social problems. No, my main problem is the vocal nature of the drug legalization lobby. They see nothing wrong with it. See it as a blessing, not as a curse. You don't care how many lives are fucked up, how much pain people go through as a result of drugs, because you are so decadent that all you care about is your high. It is almost as if you won't be happy until the whole world is lighting up. It's as if we don't have a choice.
Zing!
I bet you would love that.
I can't stand Labour, but I'm all for anyone willing to take a stand against the tyranny of the constant shouting of the pro drug lobby that there's nothing wrong with drugs.
true, you show restraint.
Not gonna happen. I don't like anything that destroys minds, lives and relationships.
I don't know. To be honest, we should consider reefer and liquor with the same eyes. Beer maybe should be considered separately, as a cornerstone of civilization and may I say perhaps Civility itself.
drawing a correlation != identifying a cause and effect

those studies neglect the possibility that, eg., those predisposed to schizophrenia are more likely to take drugs in the first place.  I could draw a correlation of some sort between, say, eye color and recklessness, but that wouldn't by any means indicate that eye color causes brash behaivor; indeed it dosn't even indicate that they were related as a cause and effect.
See! Trolling IS fun isn't it Tapok?
Reddit didn't care about labour losing big time in the council elections or Boris Johnson winning the London mayoral elections yet this gets to the front page...
Cannabis has been illegal since before pretty much every Redditor was born in the UK.
Don't I know it?! 

The perfect storm: An economy built on credit now failing; right-wing policies being shown to be what they are - unpopular and useless; and, a public face as endearing as Cruella de Ville.

All that is left is to rebuild the left in a new (non-Blair-ite, non-Campaign Group) way. Only time will tell how long it takes, but my bet is a decade and I started today (although how I will not disclose how here).
"the world" doesn't elect him.

The only time Reddit has cared about UK politics was when it was a hot issue like this. Meanwhile we've had 6 months of "he said, she said" with Clinton and Obama
[deleted]
Do you also support criminalization of alcohol, tobacco, and coffee?
Neither do those who like cannabis, that's rather the point about this whole discussion -.-
Some drivers are irresponsible drivers.  Therefore nobody should be allowed to drive.
It stands to reason that if you support a fool, you're either a fool yourself, deluded or malicious
There is no way to fix this. Labour downgraded it under Blair, Gordon (Labour) has now ignored all the advice to reverse that. The only Party who might reverse that again are the Lib Dems and they have no hope of power.

Cannabis use went down under the Class-C regime, if the police enforce Class-B (and despite protestations to the contrary there is no choice but to), expect use to rise. Nice one Gordon. (Or as people of my generation might say: [Gordon is a moron!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8qEQ6Gb0p0))
Oh, if only. He's firmly third way, much like blair. Do you think the proles would be so bent against him if he were "a shill for the socialists"?
i think drugs should be legalized pragmatically. i.e. within boundaries. society as a whole needs protection from the dangers of drug use. but as it is unlikely that this will happen i tend to err on the side of restriction because i don't think legalization of weed is worth the risk to society. i think it's possible that legalization could solve problems, but i don't think it's worth the risk. it's not practical. you couldn't retract legalization after putting it into effect.

driving is not a useful analogy here, because driving is important for obvious economic reasons.
[deleted]
wtfuk
See we care, we care about people's health we are going to put them in prison!

Any law that puts people in prison for something they do to themselves is a unethical.
I haven't posted on this site in a while but this shit just pisses me off. All other arguments aside, I'll just refute this one:

"Ms Smith said this now accounted for 80% of the cannabis seized on the streets and the drug was nearly three times stronger than in 1995."

Simply put: There exists a comfortable stoned level for each user, depending on his/her tolerance, personality, etc. Anything less doesn't get you high enough to outweigh the CNS-depressing effects, and anything more will get you paranoid and unable to perform normal activities.

When people smoke weed casually, as is most often done, they seek a middle ground: Stoned, yet coherent. If weed is getting stronger, and it likely is now that growing is an exact science. (think: pH, nutes, hydro) than people will smoke less weed. If weed is weaker, people will smoke more weed.

Stronger weed should not be feared; it should be encouraged because smoking is the most common method of ingesting THC. People will smoke less weed and have healthier lungs/airways. Vaping or eating makes weed pretty much harmless, but I doubt that we evolved to purposely combust plant matter and inhale the resulting fumes. That simply isn't the best idea.

So, please, remember this. And set ignorant people straight when they try to use this as an argument.

/ pro-legalization and stoned.
No not really but it has gone on a rampage here  in the US, i'm pretty sure it won't be long until the world has been destroyed by it.
One reason its stronger is because its banned. People want more profit out of smaller quantities. Maybe thats capitalism. Also I always think in Britain we have loads of green fingered gardeners who just want to make it that bit better. I'm sure I once read that we could almost export the stuff now and that UK weed has won prizes for its quality!
What makes you think cracking down on it will make stronger stuff less common?

Indeed, by being harder to get/supply, it will tend towards being made as strong as possible, so as to get the most out of each unit weight/volume.  If it's really strong, you can put 1/4th as much into your spliff and your more expensive weed lasts longer and grow ops can get more out of their limited resources.

You also make it more likely to get cut or contaminated; e.g. grit weed.  If you truely care about people's health, why would you support legislation you *know* isn't going to work, and which will also increase the actual risks?

Drug classification and law enforcement should be based on, and indeed be derived from sound scientific and medical advice, not unsupported opinions and assumptions that just throwing more punishments at people will help solve the issues, despite arguably causing more problems.  That sort of thinking is *far* more dangerous to your children than 1/8th of skunk and some Rizla.
If you have enough data to not be a meaningless anecdote, feel free to get back to us with the details.
Good point. The benefits of having those violent idiots mellowing out on MJ rather than beating the crap out of each other at closing time would be immense.
BAN ALCOHOL AND COFFEE 
MINIMUM 5 YEARS IN JAIL!

Long-term or excessive drinking can and does cause damange to the brain -- Neurological damage and memory loss. Some damage can repair itself, but some can become permanent.

THANKS AND GO FUCK YOURSELF LAWMAKERS.
FUCK THIS PLANET.
Yeah. In reality (rather than hysterical Reddit world) the Police have said that possession of small amounts will still just be a caution and confiscation. Nothing will change on the ground.

Look for Acpo in here:- http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/reefer-madness-do-the-drug-laws-work-822160.html
yeah, here in the US we don't know what that's like
Just like asprin. That got banned just as the patent ran out.
but what interests? Have you ever been harassed by a pot smoker? How does smoking a joint at the end of a work day makes me dangerous or scary to you?
Ah well, one more shitty country on the no visit list.
I wonder if the "experts" have committed suicide yet.
fuck i really don't know what kind of weed have you been smoking lately but it must have been shit. Fucked up lives? People going through pain? FOR WEED?
You mean you support every law? And would support any future law no matter how ridiculous or unjust?

Bit of history, man!
I agree. To be honest, I'm not sure what my answer is, so I'm just playing devil's advocate in trying to reason things out.

I think my problem is with drug culture itself. It's not something that I would like to  see encouraged. Although, I admit, that's not really a reason to make something illegal. 

I think what should happen is that we pragmatically legalize it, like tobacco. You can smoke, just not indoors. This is viewed as dictatorship by most smokers, but in my opinion it's an attempt to provide a balance between the rights of smokers and non-smokers. And on the issue of drugs, this same approach would keep anti-drug-use people like me happy because it could keep it away from me and my family, and it keeps the drug-heads happy cause they can get quality controlled substances from potentially the newsagent. 

You know this is never going to happen right, because people who don't do drugs fear them and will never give any leeway. 

My argument is with the proponents of drug-culture. As somebody who has first hand experience of the destructive powers of the pot smoking lifestyle, and witness to many people losing grip on life through becoming dependent upon the weed I get irritated by people who seem to think that it's harmless just because nobody has OD'd on it!

hmmm....
Cool, so now X is pretty much as safe as the cannabis I've been smoking! Sweet!
Even though your government told you not to? For shame.
OMG CAMDEN'S ECONOMY IS IN THE TOILET!!!

Oh wait.. 

never mind
Oh come on, look at the good side... I always thought "Airstrip One" was a better name for the land anyways.
Conservative south east? As a native sussexer, I must inform you we are much more for our bourgeoise liberalism here :P
Well mate, I come from Essex and if you ever look how they vote there then you'll see what I mean. :(
They always bring up how Marijuana on the streets is much stronger than it was 10-15, even 30 years ago.....Isn't that a good thing?
You're doing it wrong, England.

Do they send state representatives out to tuck you in at night yet?
I love weed.
Is there anything that UK has not fucked up since WWII ?
I bet you're one of those assholes that voted for Kang. or Nader.
Nah, Ron Paul.
Good on ya, then.
So you pass out sooner, so what?
Yeah, and while they're at it, they should round up all the adulturers and sodomizers too because those are also illegal practices.

Three strikes and yer out.
Does that make it right?

Cannabis has been in use longer than the U.K. exists.
I have seen alcohol destroy more lives and relationships than any other root cause, but i am still not for prohibiting it's sale or use.
...silence.

Pro-drug tyranny?
Tapok, did your parents force you to smoke joints?
Just asking.
I think the nanny state should not stick it's nose into the consumption habits of it's constituents as long as no third party is being harmed.

Or do you want them to limit fast-food intake because some people can't handle that, too?

"You're looking somewhat overweight, the government should put you on a diet."
Go on a diet or go to jail!
You believe civil rights are only allowed if not illegal?
Positively brilliant insight.
It's ok Tapok, you don't *have* to smoke that joint if you don't want to, it's alright, no one is forcing you.

But, if the others want to smoke and mellow out, it's not fair for you to deny them their pleasure as long as they're not hurting you.
I've finally figured you out.

You have set yourself a goal to get as much negative karma as you can and don't actually give a rat's ass one way or the other whether it's legalized or not.

Shrewed.
The solution is simple:

Legalisation
Regulation
Taxation

Everyone wins.
When the left are abandoning you, do what everyone else is - move to the right.
Don't forget those Rolling Stone guys either.
What is *wrong* with you? No, really.

No matter how anti-marijuana you are, there is no reason for a response as strong as that - you sound like you're taking the piss. 

Quite apart from anything else, how does this even affect you if you don't, as I'm assuming, smoke marijuana? Do you have potheads blowing smoke in your eyes all day or something? Yeah, seems unlikely; hell, even if you were, I doubt this law would help you out much. 
So instead, I am forced to assume you're intentionally gloating because you have a personal issue when it comes to this subject. Which is just plain obnoxious in any context. So yes, what is wrong with you?
You must be new here.
I think you'll find that they smoke as much cannabis as everyone else (if not more).
I can't help notice that you two are the only people to report knowing *anybody* affected by this, and both claim to know "a lot" of them.
fat-tax! 

well, the obesity epidemic does put a strain on the economy.. :)
[deleted]
i don't know anybody who has become schizophrenic but i know quite a few people who have had psychotic episodes that were intense enough to screw up their life. although thinking about it, i know one guy who developed schizophrenia whilst smoking weed heavily. schizophrenia ran in his family. of course, this is anecdote. but it's not really a stretch of the imagination to think that schizophrenic tendencies can be exaggerated by pot smoking, especially when the most common side-effect of the drug is usually paranoia.

i know what it feels like to have paranoid delusions from smoking too much cannabis, and i know many people who would say the same. i also know many people who can smoke pounds of dope without any major negative consequences.

it's difficult for me to understand why people are so eager to label cannabis as 'harmless', whilst having experienced the things that i have and knowing and / or knowing of so many people who have had similar experiences. even all the pot-heads who defend the lifestyle will tell you stories of people they know who've lost it from smoking too much. where are you from man?! in the uk, people smoke a lot of weed, from a young age many of them too.

also, it's a fallacy to say that people aren't violent on weed, there are many 'chavs' around where i live, they smoke until they are absolutely caned with bloodshot eyes, being stoned like this is completely different to just being high. i know because i've done it myself. it's like when you have a couple of pints your typsy and merry, a few more and your a loudmouth yob, a few more and your either manic or paralytic. the more thc in your blood, the more intense the experience. when your 'caned' things can get pretty hairy, psychologically speaking. 

when you are so stoned that you question whether or not you are real, or you think everyone is talking about you, then it's quite easy to go over the edge so to speak. these chav kids are always on edge, i know it's anecdote, but i can't imagine smoking as much as they do and not feeling completely on edge the whole time. you look at these kids, and they are exactly like that.

i know quite a few people, mostly guys who have just been so stoned that their mental faculties began to fail them, and they lost their grip on the real world. not everybody is like this, but some people are very prone to paranoia, and weed will fuk your mind if you are one of these people. i don't think the mind can be in a severely altered state for prolonged amounts of time without consequences.  

drug use is clearly a bane to english society. people like amy winehouse are not an anomaly in this country. personally, i find much of the sentiment of pro-drug people quite facetious, and offensive. how can people defend it?! it's nothing less than self-destruction. 

i wish i could show you my friend who has hardly left his house in five years after being hit by cannabis psychosis. try telling him that it's harmless and watch how filled with rage he becomes.he will describe in great detail every way that 'smoking up' 'fucked him up'.  it's ruined his life.
what the fuk are you talking about?! i have smoked much weed, and there is definitely a variation in strengths. i clearly remember a few years back when the stronger stuff started coming into the country, everybody was talking about how much stronger it was. i remember the first time i smoked skunk, everything went black, it took me five minutes to realize that i was stoned because my brain had shut down! 

why wouldn't it get stronger. that's probably how it ended up being narcotic in the first place - selective breeding. same way bananas ended up being yellow and handle shaped.
Man, relax. Here, have some we-oh, wait.
Upmodded for sounding British to my stereotype ridden American mind.
I wouldn't know. I'm not a troll.
Sorry, I was out having a life.
No, of course not.
How can you say that when cannabis itself destroys minds, lives and relationships?
It stands to reason that awwww fuck, I'm too drunk for this crap
You know, I find it funny that people claim they're not calling anyone a fascist when I've already been called a fascist. Not by you, but still...

&gt;There's plenty of arguments to why marijuana does more harm being banned than being left alone.

Likewise, plenty of arguments to the contrary

&gt;With proper funding, you can reduce marijuana consumption a lot more by education rather than throwing citizens in jail for victimless crimes.

I would approve of this

&gt;At the absolute worst it is half as bad as any legal vice out there (cigarettes, alcohol). Nobody has ever died of a marijuana overdose.

Not directly, perhaps. I do not know. But there is still a risk of death through other causes that would perhaps not have been caused otherwise. Case in point: Someone I cared about a great deal (and still do) wondered into the middle of a busy road whilst high. Her leg was almost destroyed. It took months - years - of recovery to get back to normal. That could easily have been her skull or her chest. The same is true of alcahol, this must be said; but alcahol is a vice that people are well aware of the dangers of. There is no lobby trying to force people do drink. There are warnings about the dangers of excess drinking. With drugs, the dangers such as the case I spoke of are ignored and put to the side because people want to continue with their habit. Well, I for one am not prepared to see further suffering from this. That is why I oppose drugs, and support recriminalization.
Stoners do not care how much people suffer as a result of cannabis and other drugs, they only care that they get the chance to get high. Fuck that. I'm not going to sit by whilst people have to go through that.
I can't provide data on my feelings. You know what feelings are, right? Or do the drugs numb those as well as your common sense?
&gt;Have you ever been harassed by a pot smoker?

More times than I care to write about.

&gt;How does smoking a joint at the end of a work day makes me dangerous or scary to you?

One time makes no difference. But when it becomes a habit - when it becomes an addiction - when it becomes the cornerstone of someones being, then they begin to feel the need to spread it. They spread it to those who would not necessarily have saught it out by themselves. And so cannabis - and other drugs - lead to a state of virus-like infection. It makes me sad.
I don't support the samurai sword ban, but you don't see me breaking it. I don't support the ban on airsoft guns, but you don't see me breaking it. The law is there because society determines a line in the sand, and it is our duty as law abiding citizens to toe it. If you do not like a law, feel free to object to it, but you should understand that A. Breaking that law as part of your objection is still wrong and B. People are not wrong for following a law that you consider "unjust", because it is still the law. And, ultimately, the law is there to be followed, for the greater good.
You think I object?!
Then more fool you.
&gt;no one is forcing you.

HAHAHAHHAHA.

Right.
Did you guys listen to the audio in this article? What a complete sham and setup.

The guy claims he was smoking for 15 years and then he got a hold of this "new super skunk" and he saw it was soooo bad. That it was leading him to schizophrenia, that he would say things and not even realize he said it. This is a joke, absolute propaganda. He keeps saying over and over at the end that he didn't want to take a chance by continuing to smoke it. Umm, did you forgot you said you smoked it for 15 years? Nothing bad has happened in 15 years but suddenly "super skunk" strain is going to cause you to go crazy?

PROPAGANDA TRAIN, ALL ABOARD!!!
Well... yeah. Is that too much to grasp? If your country does not recognise one of your rights, then it does not exist. Don't like it? Fight to change it within normal channels or move. Civil rights are not God-given, they are earned.
You are wrong, liber8US. I am deadly serious in my opposition to the legalization and tolerance of drugs. Negative karma on reddit means nothing to me, so does positive karma. I would not know how to tell the difference anyway.
You do not care, so why ask the question?

EDIT: Also, lol for assuming that anyone who takes an anti-marijuana stance has something "wrong" with them.
No, pretty old.
No. BECAUSE of it.
I think they recriminalized cannabis because cannabis users were a problem.
Funny how your comment got so many downvotes just because it wasn't pro-drugs.  All you did was ask a simple question in a polite manner.
I find this interesting also. It seems to me that the majority of redditors have an agenda that they will not tolerate deviance from. I consider myself to be centrist in most respects, yet due to upbringing and personal history I have a substantial opposition to drug abuse. Despite this, I did indeed phrase that post as an innocent question. To my mind, the downvotes serve as evidence that the pro-drugs lobby are themselves guilty of some level of fascism in their attempts to crush anyone who does not share their ideology. I have made several anti-drug comments in this submissions comments, yet I have not downvoted any contrary views. I feel very strongly about this subject, but nevertheless, I draw the line at being a douche about it.
No there are anout 20 "legalize it" zealots with an agenda.  

"To my mind, the downvotes serve as evidence that the pro-drugs lobby are themselves guilty of some level of fascism in their attempts to crush anyone who does not share their ideology. "

That's exactly it.  We have a vocal minority and an apathetic majority who don't give a crap about legalizing illegal substances.  

I started taking offense when more and more pro-drugs stories spammed the board and I got sick of scrolling past them all.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oh, so you only *feel* that you've "[known](http://reddit.com/info/6ih4i/comments/c03xr1g) a lot of people who've become schizophrenic through cannabis use"?  That explains a lot, thanks.
And apparently smoking it isn't that bad either.

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/05/25/AR2006052501729_pf.html
Could you please explain then why you feel that those three drugs which influence behaviour (the first one often violently) *should* be legal, yet marijuana *should not* be legal?

This isn't rhetoric, I'm really asking.  I am interested in cognitive dissonance.
&gt;i don't think it's worth the risk

what exactly do you believe this "risk to society" is?
After your flame burns out, maybe.  All poles and receptacles are welcome. If you've got fancy clothes, remove them -- this is a movie show and people throw old veggies at the bad guys (of which we've a surfeit).     
   
Shower first or you'll be tossed in the cold octagonal pool! ... you ridiculous beast.
Not only that but there is no clear way of testing THC content in Cannabis. So the numbers can be sparatic and inaccurate.
"Today's marijuana is so strong I...I laughed at...(*sobs*)...Mad TV!!!" (*weeps in despair*)
Wheatabix and McVities.

But where are the Penguin chocolate bars?
[deleted]
it doesn't, that's the... y'know, never mind.
well, i'm not convinced that a society where it's socially acceptable to be stoned is a good place to live. binge drinking culture is bad enough.

and also, i don't buy the whole 'cannabis is harmless' thing. 

sure, i believe people should have the freedom to ingest what they want, so long as they are not harming anybody else, but because i don't believe cannabis to be a harmless drug i think it should be legalized pragmatically so as to protect people from it. my life would certainly have been a lot better if i hadn't been introduced to it at 15. 

so what i'm saying is, maybe giving complete freedom to the people is a worthy ideal, but not a practical one.
[deleted]
What? Did you even read my comment?
My point isn't that there's something wrong with you for being anti-marijuana, it's that there's something wrong with you in taking this perverse pleasure in something that affects you in no way at all, and that affects other people negatively.
I appreciate that law is important - but I see no reason why anyone should follow a law they feel to be unjust. What about Rosa Parks? Here's an appropriate quote from her Wikipedia page:

As the officer took her away, she recalled that she asked, "Why do you push us around?" The officer's response as she remembered it was, "I don't know, but the law's the law, and you're under arrest." When Parks refused to give up her seat, a police officer arrested her.

I'm not trying to draw parallels between segregation and cannabis prohibition - but the importance of breaking the law when it is necessary is demonstrated commonly throughout history. Look at Nazi Germany's legal system.

Yes, law is supposed to be for the greater good. But it would be naive to say that all laws follow this principle.
&gt;"the world" doesn't elect him.

Well, he wasn't elected at all. But let's forget about that for a second...

It's true that reddit doesn't pay attention to UK politics most of time. But let's be honest with ourselves here. US policy has far wider reaching repercussions than UK policy meaning it's followed more. A lot of upmods of those "he said, she said" posts are the result of people on the edge of their seat about what this means for the world. There's very little chance that in terms of foreign policy, in the foreseeable future, the UK will do anything but follow the US or opt out.
No need to get childish... but I will check out that book.
Upmodded for personal reference. Upmodded again for kicking cannabis. down for denying the practicality of freedom when it's indispensable to every human's every moment on Earth. Down again because everyone needs humility*. Removed vote because who cares, it's not about points on a website, thanks for your truth in text.   
   
*Esp. me. love epi.
Fair enough, but you rarely see the Association of Chief Police Officers publically saying that they will ignore the government and enforce as they see fit.
I'd like to note for the record that I did not downmod you.

&gt;i'm not convinced that a society where it's socially acceptable to be stoned is a good place to live. binge drinking culture is bad enough.

you lack a sense of scale.  being stoned is not binary; it is not an off or full on state.  somebody who is really stoned *may* be as incapacitated as a binge drinker, but most usually aren't.  A person drinking a single beer per day is not considered an unhealthy binge drinker; nor too should somebody gently stoned as much.

Here's a nice letter about reasons for [decriminilization](http://www.cfdp.ca/coletj96.html) (this is in Canada).

&gt;maybe giving complete freedom to the people is a worthy ideal, but not a practical one.

We shouldn't be *completely* free.  That would lead to stupid freedoms like "I am free to kill you".  We should be *reasonably* free, and *freedom to do whatever the hell we want with our own consciousnesses and thoughts* is an early step down that path.
right, well i have to say after this thread, i have completely changed my mind! i feel pretty stupid now.. :)
my favourite threads are the ones that change my mind on a topic!  :-)

Summary:
I don't know, I for one support him.
I think you mean fascists.
yeah, here in the US we don't know what that's like.
Yeah, I liked to see Blair here too.
You know what feelings are, right?
how much experience of cannabis use do you have.
i would not be happy seeing this drug legalized.
As for 1995, well, I don't know.
It's not something that I would like to  see encouraged.
I think my problem is with drug culture itself.
i think drugs should be legalized pragmatically.
One time makes no difference.
Do you know how I feel about civil rights?
I know what you mean ... some people have problems, so we all can't be trusted.
I think what should happen is that we pragmatically legalize it, like tobacco.
why wouldn't it get stronger.
That's why it is still illegal.
Do you really know what it means?
I think you'll find that they smoke as much cannabis as everyone else (if not more).
I would not know how to tell the difference anyway.
One reason its stronger is because its banned.
If weed is weaker, people will smoke more weed.
I would like to ask what message it sends that alcohol or tobacco are not class-B drugs, yet Cannabis is...
And i did as well.
In the 60s (I assume) people would smoke a joint or two.
I don't like anything that destroys minds, lives and relationships.
I think you mean forwards.
of course it's more dangerous!
i believe thinking intelligent people can use drugs wisely.
Ignorance is dangerous and immoral- meaning tapok is dangerous and immoral.
It's as if we don't have a choice.
You mean you support every law?
I can't even be witty about that.
I bet you would love that.
I wish it was only a day.
this is not something i want in my society.
in the uk, people smoke a lot of weed, from a young age many of them too.
How is making drugs illegal fascist?
society as a whole needs protection from the dangers of drug use.
What is *wrong* with you?
I may just vote for you for this.
They see nothing wrong with it.
I find this interesting also.
So stronger dope is more dangerous?
There is no lobby trying to force people do drink.
Although, I admit, that's not really a reason to make something illegal.
Weed doesn't create crazy people, crazy people tend to smoke weed (just as they tend to abuse pills and smoke cigarettes).
Recriminializing cannabis IS in the good of the people.
You're a Gordon Brown supporter?
That it was leading him to schizophrenia, that he would say things and not even realize he said it.
how can people defend it?!
and also, i don't buy the whole 'cannabis is harmless' thing.
That would lead to stupid freedoms like "I am free to kill you".
Noooo, I really don't get how wanting the banning a dangerous narcotic substance makes me a fascist.
actually - see my comment above on why marijuana is illegal.
Frankly, if it was dangerous, I'd be all for letting people like you get away with smoking it.
You do not care, so why ask the question?
Nothing you said makes that true.
That is why I oppose drugs, and support recriminalization.
Because [marijuana doesn't make people impotent, right?
Well, I for one am not prepared to see further suffering from this.
I think they recriminalized cannabis because cannabis users were a problem.
I swear to you, I was about to say the same thing.
people could OD on it!
I've known a lot of people who've become schizophrenic through cannabis use.
I expect this will put alot of people off.
i know this from first hand experience.
They want this policy for political reasons.
although thinking about it, i know one guy who developed schizophrenia whilst smoking weed heavily.
No, it's illegal because it is dangerous and immoral.
I'm not claiming its harmless or that there is no reason to keep it illegal.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.70
