Original Response:
Wow. 

Article bashing Muslims with false statistics gets to front page and top of the worldnews category.

Article pointing out the false statistic and not bashing Muslims? Begins to run into the negatives.

Oh well.
That can't be true. Muslims are rapists and murders and that's why they should be loaded into trains and taken someplace.
Does anyone else find it ironic that Jewish America neoconservatives like Daniel Pipes are spreading this hysteria about Muslims, when 60+ years ago they would have been the targets of the same sort of rhetoric?
No. On the other hand, it's stupid and disgusting.
[deleted]
[deleted]
What about welfare?
It's not ironic, it's tragic. Tragedy does not generally breed understanding and peace, it breeds resentment and aggression. Look at Kosovo, the Albanians there, after suffering an attempt at ethnic cleansing were happy to return the favor once they were in the position to. Take the position of Germans in Czechoslovakia after WW2, they had it pretty bad. Take Africa, parts of which are a huge vicious cycle or violence dating back at least to colonialism. 

Living in a narrative dominated by violence will not somehow make people less violent, even if they are the victims. People who are the victims of persecution will not always grow tolerant and understanding, they will understandably often become and remain paranoid and isolationist.

It's most often children who were themselves severely beaten who become violent later in life, not those raised in a civilized, nurturing environment.
Not likely. In Denmark theres welfare everywhere.
If you only look at unemployed people, theres ~90k unemployed danes versus 14k unemployed from non-western countries. (source: dst.dk, but i unfortunately cant create a direct link.)

I really cant see where else they should have gotten that number.

Edit: i see that the report that they use as source is in my local library, i might go read it tomorrow when they open.
In theory, it doesn't contradict the fact that majority of convicted rapists are Muslim. Non-muslims could commit more rapes on average before they get caught, which would explain that the majority of rapes are committed by non-muslims.
So 25 percent of the rapes are committed by muslims in a country with a far fewer muslims than that percentage.In Sweden Palme the prime minister years ago used to walk the streets without an escort until he was murdered by a muslim. People are not bad it is the crap they are fed from birth. Religion is the real culprit here.
Amy: How do I look?

Professor: Like a cheap french harlot!

Amy, disgusted: *French*?!
No.  It's all about who is doing what to whom, not universal ethical standards.  That's how the world works.
Uh. Where did you get that he was killed by a muslim?
most likely and truthfully not but the aggressive behavior that is rampant will lead to further accusations...someone needs to lecture some of these kids and soon before mosques start getting burned again like happened after the theo van gogh thing here in amsterdam.
Please elaborate.
No, that's 4% of the population  committing 25% of rapes.

Fine.
after thinking about it would like to say i dont want things to go badly, just would like for some sides to take a few more steps towards a middle road...i am not for destruction of any religious buildings.
People don't want your facts, They want you to confirm their preconceptions.
It does not logically follow that Jews won't spread hysteria about Muslims just because it was done to them 70 years ago.  It should not be surprising that Jews would use that tactic if they expect it to be effective, unless you expect all people to follow the Golden Rule, in which case you are hopelessly naive and need to open your eyes.
As sad as it is, either Europe will become Islamic or there will be civil war.  And with the help of people such as BeetleB, it'll be Islamic.
Thanks for the elaboration.
there is a big difference at hysteria like blood libels and distrust towards jews and facts in your face about what vile things muslims are doing.
While on the topic of Denmark, to counteract the negativity in this thread go look at [this](http://reddit.com/info/6jsd7/comments/) and sign [this](http://www.petitiononline.com/fossvote/petition.html).
Noone knows who shot Palme. 
Are you thinking of Anna Lindh? The Swedish Minister for Foreign Affairs, who was knifed down by a man, who was born in Sweden, but whos parents were from Serbia? 
And even if you are - the vast majority of serbs are christians.
The other article did not claim that Muslims commit most of the rapes in Denmark.

It did say that the majority of Muslim men there have been found to be rapists.

Whether true or not, these are two separate issues.
fun fact: 2005 American crime statistics (the last detailed report available) show that 37,461 white women were raped by black men, and that 0 black women were raped by white men.

http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/bjs/pub/pdf/cvus0502.pdf
Table 42

Now discuss amongst yourselves.
[deleted]
When I saw the headline I thought to myself, I wonder how soon jews are gonna get blamed. Turns out I didnt even have to wait.
Facts = vile things Muslim ara doing.

News = vile things Christians are doing

Libels = vile things Jews are doing
why is it stupid?
Sir, you're a moron.
&gt;The other article did not claim that Muslims commit most of the rapes in Denmark.

&gt;It did say that the majority of Muslim men there have been found to be rapists.

Nope. The Reddit headline was:

*The Muslim population in Denmark, ..., and constitutes a majority of the country’s convicted rapists.*

The Daniel Pipes article says:

*Muslims are only 4 percent of Denmark's 5.4 million people but make up a majority of the country's convicted rapists*
&gt;As sad as it is, either Europe will become Islamic or there will be civil war. And with the help of people such as BeetleB, it'll be Islamic.

Because BeetleB dared to report official statistics?

If that's what Islam values more than the extant culture does - I'm all for it.
If we assumed there was 100 rapes,
then the rape-rate for native danes is 75/96% = 78
and for muslims 25/4% = 625.
That's 8 times as many rapes per muslim.
No, because you are an apologist who wish for more immigration instead of stopping it.  And the stats that you linked to are pretty damning, but we'll just ignore that.  

http://reddit.com/info/6jszc/comments/c041thp

&gt;But it makes you wonder about why this stuff gets to the top of Reddit, but not when it is about other (non-white American) demographics who have equally appalling, if not worse, stats.

In the US, government stats count hispanics, indians, peoples from the mid east, and south America all as white, probably because of people like you who wish to make whites look as evil as they can.  Good luck on finding government stats on crime and ethnicity.
&gt;No, because you are an apologist who wish for more immigration instead of stopping it. 

Where was I an apologist?

And based on what am I pro-immigration?

&gt;In the US, government stats count hispanics, indians, peoples from the mid east, and south America all as white, 

False.
That is an interesting sociological phenomenon.  I wonder if there has been any research into this.  When you find stats that reveal such a wide difference between races it is usually a good place to aim the researcher's eye.
You sir have just coined "rapes per muslim"
It is not tragic at all. When you immigrate to a country you should respect the country you are in and try to assimilate as much as possible. When your ethnic group starts committing most of the crime, your host country has every right to kick you the fuck out.  You don't have a right to immigrate to another country. You are there only because of the goodwill of the country.  

The dumb western politically correct mentality will doom the West.
Have you been to Europe? Go walk in front of the Paris train station or the one in Berlin or the one in Frankfort. Let me know the ethnicity of the person going...."psssk, psssk, you want to buy some drugs."  10 times out of 10 they will be Turkish, Libyan,Algerian, Tunesian or some other muslim nationality.
How does 

rapes committed by natives

rapes committed by muslim immigrants

rapes committed by non-muslim immigrants 

rapes committed by non-muslim middle eastern immigrants

all compare?
why does islam make people rape?
Facts are meaningless. You could use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true.

 - H. Simpson
Your point? You didn't address a single thing I said.
&gt;rapes committed by natives

67% as in original post.

&gt;rapes committed by muslim immigrants

If you mean immigrants, and if you assume everyone from those countries is a Muslim, then 20%. If you include their descendants, 25%. The number does not include Muslims of Danish descent or Muslims from non-majority Muslim countries (as I have no way of discerning how many rapes they committed). 

&gt;rapes committed by non-muslim immigrants

Including their descendants, 100-67-25= 8%

If you assume people immigrating from non-Muslim majority countries are not Muslim. 

&gt;rapes committed by non-muslim middle eastern immigrants

How can one tell if a Middle Eastern immigrant is non-Muslim? I can only see by nationality/country of origin. Quite a few were committed by Lebanese, who have a significant non-Muslim population. But I took them all to be Muslims. 

And second, which countries would you include in the Middle East anyway?
And rednecks across America thank you.
Don't be misled, though. The largest proportion of rapes of white women are still by white men. The phenomenon is not 'black men rape more than white men' but 'white men aren't generally reported to rape black women'.
Can I ask why this has to be put on the record?
Which raises the question of whether those rapes go unreported or really don't occur.  If they're unreported then that is bad but if they're not occurring then that is good.

If there is some psychological reason underlying either situation then it would be good to reveal it.  One could hope to either raise the reporting of rapes by white men to where it should be OR use an actual lack of rapes to figure out a model that can be applied to other situations.

Either way, to see the number "0" on a statistic for a nationwide population is startling.
I didn't mean it as an attack on the Jews - I'm saying everybody does it.  I'm not anti-Israel.  But Reddit must have taken it as anti-Israel or I wouldn't have 10 points (watch it go down after this post).
How about indexed per capita for a meaningful analyis??
Stop trying to make sense out of reddit votes, those people are crazy and their ideas scare me sometimes.
i pondered about this story for a while, and one thing people keeps forgetting is, false data.

They may commit 25% and only be 4% but who many are falsly accused (and maybe conviced) how many are just false lied up rapes (we have had a few of those).

There is quiet alot of racism in little ol' denmark, and by people who dont even realize they are so. And im confident that these numbers are innfact falsly big.
[deleted]
No, I'm a mathematician.
&gt;They may commit 25% and only be 4% but who many are falsly accused (and maybe conviced) how many are just false lied up rapes (we have had a few of those).

That's an issue in any country. In case it wasn't clear, that's the number of *convicted* cases. And yes, justice is sometimes wrong and innocent people get convicted (and vice versa). 

I'll go with this until someone comes up with better data.
It was at the end of the comment. If you look at their rapes per *Muslim* population in Denmark, it's a lot lower than Canada's, and a bit higher than US.

Denmark just has a lot less rape per capita than those two countries.
[deleted]
I think you are being very simplistic.  Blaming individual actions on entire ethnic group responsibility leads down the darkest of roads, but I can tell from your last sentence that you probably haven't thought it through to the logical end point.

That being said, I think we all recognize that the modern Islamic world has horrendous problems concerning its treatment of women, as does the Catholic church and Jewish Hasidim.  WASPs just want to control everything.
I simply put it there because there was a front page Reddit story that had an inaccurate headline suggesting that the majority of rapists in Denmark were Muslim.

So I decided to clarify and point out that the claim was very likely wrong. 

In a way, it was an experiment to see if the other one would get a lot of points simply because it was bashing Muslims, and if this wouldn't for the opposite reason.

At the end of the day (thus far), this one has more points, so I guess the system is self-correcting...
&gt;I simply put it there because there was a front page Reddit story that had an inaccurate headline suggesting that the majority of rapists in Denmark were Muslim.

Oh okay.  I missed that article.

&gt;At the end of the day (thus far), this one has more points, so I guess the system is self-correcting...

In this case it is self-correcting.  In others it won't.  

If reddit misquoted Karl Rove or Bill O'Reilly you wouldn't see a self-correcting article go anywhere.
&gt;Oh okay. I missed that article.

I'm curious about the Reddit algorithm. When I saw the other story and looked into it, I downvoted it. Half an hour later, it was near the bottom of the front page. An hour later - gone.

But some hours later, I saw it was still getting lots of votes (up and down) and comments. So I fired up a browser, went to Reddit, did not log in, and lo and behold, it was still on the front page. Log in...and it's gone. 

Did it not show up for me because I downvoted it? Or because Reddit learns from my votes (including older votes) and tries to show me stories it thinks I'll like? The latter option bothers me a bit. 

&gt;In this case it is self-correcting. In others it won't.

True - I sort of knew it when I posted it. I've seen too many inaccurate articles get to the front page, and the corresponding rebuttals get nowhere.
Ah yeah, but still, even if it is concvicted people, there is most likely, and im sad to say this, i bigger incentment to catch and convict them rather then there native equals, bot by police and judges and political pressure. This is due to media coverage like this i guess.
That's because black woman are ugly.
1. Islam does not prohibit rape of a non-Muslim woman.
2. Sexual deprivation, and Polygamy which leads to more sexual deprivation.
I'm not a redneck and I thank him haha.
[Google confirms this](http://www.google.com/search?q=%22rapes%20per%20muslim%22&amp;sourceid=mozilla2&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8)
BUT, how many white:black men convert to Islam?
Dammit, how am I going to scaremonger now?!
his point is: muslims sell drugs in europe "because" there are muslims in europe selling drugs and they are muslims, so it must be because they are muslims. he cannot accept multiple causes for something, so he seeks and finds the "one and only cause of this mess" and the first thing in sight was: "hey, they look like muslims". wether they believe in allah or not doesn't matter. brown skin, arab look alike, muslim. 
i'm not a native english speaker, but i hope this is understandeble: MULTIPLE CAUSES are very very difficult for humans to accept. easy is always....aehm..yeah...easier^^ so sad to watch, and so hard not to think like that.

ps: i'm in europe and yeah, had problems with those "muslim look alikes" too, but the problem goes so much deeper than just blaiming their religion. multiple causes! poverty, racism, no home (the "turkish germnans" are not accepted by the germans and the turkish. one side says they are turks, the other side says they are germans, how would you feel, wtf?).

sorry, too much text, too many spelling errors ;) 
my point in short: it is not that easy! complex question, complex answer. multiple causes :)
&gt;Islam does not prohibit rape of a non-Muslim woman.

Where on Earth did you get that?
Did you just pull that figure out of a hat?
Thomas Jefferson, anyone?
[deleted]
[deleted]
'The largest proportion of rapes of white women are still by white men.'? - it's there in the table, in the row above the 0% figure.

Summary:
why does islam make people rape?
The other article did not claim that Muslims commit most of the rapes in Denmark.
How does 

rapes committed by natives

rapes committed by muslim immigrants

rapes committed by non-muslim immigrants 

rapes committed by non-muslim middle eastern immigrants

all compare?
&gt;The other article did not claim that Muslims commit most of the rapes in Denmark.
his point is: muslims sell drugs in europe "because" there are muslims in europe selling drugs and they are muslims, so it must be because they are muslims.
It did say that the majority of Muslim men there have been found to be rapists.
No, that's 4% of the population  committing 25% of rapes.
Article pointing out the false statistic and not bashing Muslims?
&gt;rapes committed by non-muslim middle eastern immigrants

How can one tell if a Middle Eastern immigrant is non-Muslim?
That's 8 times as many rapes per muslim.
But I took them all to be Muslims.
Amy: How do I look?
That's an issue in any country.
I simply put it there because there was a front page Reddit story that had an inaccurate headline suggesting that the majority of rapists in Denmark were Muslim.
Where was I an apologist?
Islam does not prohibit rape of a non-Muslim woman.
&gt;It did say that the majority of Muslim men there have been found to be rapists.
In this case it is self-correcting.
You sir have just coined "rapes per muslim"
*

The Daniel Pipes article says:

*Muslims are only 4 percent of Denmark's 5.4 million people but make up a majority of the country's convicted rapists*
Where did you get that he was killed by a muslim?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.13
