Original Response:
Oslo accords gave a chance to Palestinians to get a country and independences. This chance blew up in the face of Israelis. Why in the world would Israelis want to go back to the same experience again?

The only solution is wage full scale war against Hamas and Palestinian authority and after wining the war to use same mechanisms that were used in Germany and Japan after WW2 for normalization (de-nazification, education, economic help and full control for several years).

Any other solution will be a present to terrorists and a great incentive to attack Israel again.
Yeah, that "shock and awe" method of solving conflicts worked great in Iraq...
There was no "shock" and no "awe".
Once again compare what happened in Japan and Germany towards end of the war and after the war to what is happening in Iraq. Just don't use propaganda images. 

Part of the reason that there is civil war in Iraq is that no one really afraid of invading forces. Also most of the old regime remained in tact.
The Iraq war was by any measure a complete military victory, on the scale of German or Japan. It was what happened after that's the issue. If you can point me to a source that says otherwise, as you're claiming, then by all means. But I've never seen that point of view...
Nuke the whole fucking shebang. Both sides. Make the gulf of palestine a huge vacation spot on the eastern med.
Yes, it does work if it's properly implemented. This of course assumes that there isn't a stupid, in-bred chimp as the commander in chief.
No, it really doesn't. When has it worked in the modern era?
You missed my point. I agree it was a victory.
But lets compare WW2 aftermath and Iraq occupation. For example what do you think had happened to the citizens in Germany or Japan that openly threw stones on occupation forces? What happens now in Iraq? 
How allied forces and Soviet Union asserted its authority on occupied areas? How US is asserting its authority now?

In other words: During Saddam reign any incursion was brutally punished. Now came US forces and then they encounter "unarmed" (stones and small sabotage) resistance they didn't reacted or reacted with non lethal force. Iraqis that were accustom to much harsher authority stopped seeing US forces as any threat. (If you want to argue this point by number of dead Iraqis, please don't forget that most of them are killed as a result of civil war and not by occupying forces). 

And the main point is that if we will look back at the history, we will find the answer on how to convert once very hostile nation to peaceful and allied one. But we should not forget that it cannot be achieved with half measures.
And you missed my point. The last time an outside power could come in, defeat a country militarily, and then expect to have any hope of rebuilding it top down happened in World War 2. You will not find another example since. 

People have grown up a bit since then. They don't like colonialism, they don't like occupying powers, and they won't sit down and shut up while their benevolent overlords "rebuild" their country. They get mad and they throw stones. In the modern era, it has proved impossible to do what you're saying should be done.

Plus, when was the last time the US put any real money into rebuilding? If you think the American people have the money to *gasp* rebuild the country we broke, you've got another thing coming...
&gt;&gt;&gt; "People have grown up a bit since then. They don't like colonialism... They get mad and they throw stones" 

No they don't. People are the same people. They didn't like colonialism in the same way back when as they don't like it today. Japanese people were ready to sacrifice them selfs, you also might remember kamikaze pilots. 
So what happened? There was a will from allied forces to use any power necessary. This will made the loosing side to understand that there is much more to loose then just a territory or sovereignty. Today there is no such will to use military force.
Yes, it really does. If you don't know history, you are doomed to repeat past mistakes. Go big or stay home is the primary doctrine for a shock and awe resolution. In the current US/Iraq conflict, the current bush is a fucking idiot. He did not commit enough troops and resources to the initial invasion effort, nor did he have any plan for what to do once things were initially controlled. Disbanding the Iraqi army will be remembered in history as one of the biggest military blunders ever implemented by a national leadership. It put hundreds of thousands of people trained to fight on the streets without any means of support. There's more to pick at but it is both too easy to do and too damned depressing. Fucking bush.

I didn't bother with the WWI german invasions or all the Israeli invasions.
Poland, 1939.
Holland, 1940.
Greece, 1941.
Hungary, 1956.
Egypt, Jordan, Syria, 1967.
Grenada, 1983.
Kuwait, 1990.
Kuwait, Iraq 1991.
I'm not sure what you're trying to prove with those dates, but the only real success seems Kuwait/Iraq in '91. The other conflicts were either pretty limited or pretty unsuccessful.
Really? Seems to me that it worked for the Iraqis in their invasion of Iraq, for the Nazis in their actions in Poland, Holland, and Greece, as well as for the numerous times Israel jumped on Egypt and Syria.

The only "limited" action is Grenada. The rest were large scale invasions of a country that were very successful.

Open a history book.
Well, first, I'm only talking about post WWII, what I consider the "modern" post colonial era.

Second, clearly, Israel's actions weren't as successful as they hoped, nor were Iraq's really. The point isn't if big military campaigns can work. They can, they did in Iraq in 2003. The point is, the endgame never works.
climb back into your ivory tower. I thought you might have actually been in a war or two.

Summary:
People are the same people.
Today there is no such will to use military force.
What happens now in Iraq?
They can, they did in Iraq in 2003.
The point is, the endgame never works.
The point isn't if big military campaigns can work.
The Iraq war was by any measure a complete military victory, on the scale of German or Japan.
They get mad and they throw stones" 

No they don't.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
