Original Response:
nice, no messing around with websites with this redditor.
I hope he can sue the RCMP and the hospital for millions.
Dude, that pocket knife had to be at least three inches long.
I'm glad we have decided to take decisive action against the threatening elderly.  We need to put down this resurgence of Al-Qaeda in Canada, before it spreads too far.
if only the individuals involved had to pay. But they don't care, the money comes from the taxpayers anyway.
[deleted]
Quick frank! Zap him before he slowly rolls out of bed and stabs this room full of armed police to death with a pocket knife!

Jesus christ, I can't believe that tool actually had the balls to defend their use of the taser.

"we're talking about an individual with a deadly weapon here" so just fucking knock it out of his hand.  Grab a stick and hit him in the fucking knuckles, case closed.
Is it just me or did the Mounty look like he got lots and lots of wedgies in high school?
I dare you to repeat that rant next time you're pulled over. Be sure to bring a cam.
This is not America, friend.
Tasers were meant to be a non-lethal (in reality, a less-lethal) alternative to guns.

In the absense of tasers, do you really think they would have shot this guy?
That has to be the WORST format that you could use to submit a story.
[deleted]
You aren't the only one asking this! These are the same guys that killed a man with a taser at the Vancouver airport terminal recently.

Do you remember that one? It was caught on video and now up on YouTube, 4 RCMP vs. 1 man with his back to the wall.
At least he'd have evidence :/
&gt;OK, get him because we have more important work out on the street tonight...

Bullshit.  Just because he's an old man doesn't mean he can't be full of shit.  He blames it on being "delusional" yet he remembers it all quite clearly.  He's lucky they didn't fucking shoot him...
Why?

I'd prefer this 10000x to 1 over a shitty website video player.

Loads WAY faster with no other garbage I don't care about.
Maybe the police should be trained for knife combat-defense. Sounds appropriate to me.
My butterfly knife is 3.5 inches @_@ 
That's a pretty long blade... for a pocketknife.
[deleted]
1) Everyone at work doesn't have sound.

2) If I did have sound I'd probably be listening to music already.

3) Quicktime support is shit.

4) I can't skim videos. What an attention hog.
No. They would have shot him. 

&gt;Would they not just have grabbed his arms and knocked the knife out of his hands?

You're watching too many movies if you think you can do this without getting cut.
Yea, they probably would have backed off and had a little stand-off with the old man. maybe shot some bean bags at him.
I'll bet that training entails a taser now =P
Nah, but only because them pointing their guns at him and saying "Drop the knife!" would have probably scared the shit out of him. 

Of course, if that didn't work, or he moved towards them they would have shot him.

Cops certainly do rely on tasers a bit too much in my opinion. It's a mental thing... drawing your gun is the last straw, but tasers don't put the cop in the same frame of mine because they aren't as final.

But some of the retarded "knock it out of his hand!" opinions here are clearly from people whose sole experience with a conflict is from watching Jackie Chan movies.
...and this man is do delusional he definitely says he got hit 3 with times with a LASER in the middle of the video.
You call that a knife?

[This is a knife](http://justinnewitter.com/stock/spoon.jpg)
They are trained for it. It's called a gun.

Seriously, knife combat defense? Stop drinking that kool aid. If someone pulls a knife on you - run away or shoot him. 

Cops can't run away.
&gt;maybe shot some bean bags at him.

For an 82 year old, that's probably worse than a taser to be honest.
1) Then fucking google the story, if he linked it to the video on their page it most likely wouldn't have a transcript readily available anyway.  MAYBE a short article.

2) Then don't watch videos?  It's a segment from a broadcast what do you expect?  If you can't watch videos, don't... why does this post bother you when thousands of other videos on reddit are apparently OK?

3) VLC?  Who uses quicktime player?  I agree .mov sucks, but even so he has no control over this, he's simply linking to what the site offers, call the cbc and tell them their format is lame.

4) Refer to #2.  If you don't want to watch videos don't, but there's nothing wrong with the video itself, you just prefer it in a different form.

IF he wants to post the cbc footage he has essentially two choices: 

link to the page containing this video, most likely covered in useless bandwidth hogging images/videos, and wrapped in a shitty player.

or

link straight to a small video that takes seconds to download and works just fine.
Good thing cops have slashproof kevlar gloves then.
It's clear that you don't have a clue, do you?
Now, THAT was certainly overboard. 

In that case, without tasers they would have just dog piled him.
It's called a billy club - one good whack on the arm and the knife would fall right out old guy's hand. No cutting involved.
I wish these BC RCMP would stop making the rest of the country look foolish. If you're too afraid to take a knife from an 82 year old man, you shouldn't be a cop.
VLC player

http://www.videolan.org/vlc/

/end
Do you understand "force + 1"?

Cops won't be using billy clubs if you pull a knife on them. They need to be in control of the situation, and that means they are allowed to escalate the use of force to the next "level".

In this case, the next level is taser (higher than nightstick). Without the taser it is a gun. 

It may not sound fair, but that's what our laws currently have on the books.
I'm trying to imagine this scenario before tasers existed when cops decided to shoot old men in hospital beds wielding pocket knives, and it's not working for me. What I think would have happened is that three cops would have restrained him. Here's one free idea, just off the top of my head: throw a heavy blanket over him and pull down, subduing him like a strait-jacket would (he was delusional, so that would be logical). You could even get some male nurses to help. Then the nurses could even administer some muscle relaxants, which I suspect the old man may even have enjoyed. 

Why didn't this happen? Because those cops are stupid scum, and they've been trained to use blunt force for all engagements. Their minds are as blunt as their fists, and they respond to fear by taking out their anger with force. But fuck it. The old dude was a retired prison guard. He probably deserved a tasing even more than the cops did.
He's 82. He's in a bed. He has a *pocket knife.*

If the terrified police asked nicely I would have done the job for them.
Wow. That was certainly immature.

No bias on your part.
Have you seen the police force in Canada. Something like 60% of them are overweight. Half of them morbidly obese. That is why tasers are gaining so much popularity. Obviously having a permissive, fascistic ultra right wing government makes the matter worse.

The Canada I live in is not the country I came to 10 years ago.
[deleted]
no doubt, thats like instant broken hip.
You seriously think multiple cops were in mortal danger?

Honestly?

Even if he weren't hospitalized and severely ill, he would be pathetically easy to disarm.

If a cop can't safely disarm a sickly old man in bed, what the fuck use is he?  These "heroes" are out there responsible for protecting our safety, and a bedridden man with a pocket knife is too out of control for them?  That's fucking comforting.
That isn't possible. The amount of movies you watch is inversely related to your IQ.

Seriously, I read it on the internet somewhere.
Maybe you're watching to *few* movies, ever thought of that?
&gt;Half of them morbidly obese.

Where do you live? A native reserve?

Sorry, asshole, but around these parts the police are pretty much universally quite fit. They tend to be very tall as well.

&gt;Obviously having a permissive, fascistic ultra right wing government makes the matter worse.

Yeah, you're just a dumb fuck. Thanks for clearing up any doubt, as if there ever was any.

&gt;The Canada I live in is not the country I came to 10 years ago.

**GET THE FUCK OUT ASSHOLE** **PLEASE LEAVE!** **LEAVE**
Fuck the Police
No, I think the one cop who had to go in and try to grab the knife would have been in danger.  What were the others going to do, hold down his legs?  I just don't get the mentality here.  Everyone seems to think the police officer should have put his life on the line because there was a risk that this guy might die if they deployed a taser.  One way or another, someone's life would have been on the line and the taser was BY FAR the least lethal solution.  He wasn't bedridden...
Yes... and I'm sure any person/dictionary would agree (Except you, of course).
Military combat personnel are trained for knife combat and defense. I hardly think that it is unreasonable for a police officer to learn how to counter knife attacks as well.

Edit: Just to add to my statement, in some circumstances, using a gun may not be possible. Close-quarter encounters may inhibit the officer from drawing his firearm from the holster and he would have to rely on  his own self-defense skills to disarm the assailant. A gun is not always the answer.

Asides from that, we're talking about tasers, not guns.
[I was just trying to play knifey spooney. ](http://www.clipstr.com/videos/SimpsonsKnifeySpooney/)

(A pox on those who didn't get the reference. A POX I SAY!)
You can't sue in Canada?
You're mistaken. It was quite mature and, possibly, the most rational, appropriate course of action that could have been taken.
Sorry I didn't catch that. :/ 

I thought you were suggesting that balisongs weren't considered knives.
Whoa!  Lemme guess: vice-president of the Ottawa PBA?

If not, I suggest you reexamine your priorities and maybe consider some prozac.
+1 for confusing the hell out of my by saying "frank zap..." and then not talking about music at all.
THIS is a knife!
http://www.philosophyblog.com.au/images/crocodile-dundee-screenshot-you-call-that-a-knife11.jpg
In all fairness, I didn't reference a spoon, so therefore, it was a [Crocodile Dundee](http://youtube.com/watch?v=yTUr0yQJBOA) reference.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acO5l3avz9g
RCKY
Not for millions... or any money in some cases.
I feel ashamed I haven't seen that movie now :(
Don't. 

Seriously, that is the only part of the movie to know.
Then I've received my pop-culture fix for the day. Thanks :)
No they aren't. I know because I'm a veteran - I spent 5 years in light infantry (PPCLI, Canada). 

If you think there is some sort of fancy moves that are taught to soldiers ala Steven Segal that make them able to defeat knife wielding assailants you are sadly mistaken. 

What soldiers are taught are things that will allow them the best opportunity for survival in a situation where you are unarmed and the opponent has a knife or sharp object. 

You know what that training consists of? Use your off arm as a shield and take any knife blow there, and look for opportunities of attack. That means you're basically writing off your arm as lost.

These num-nuts teaching knife defense are ripping people off. It's next to impossible to emerge victorious in this situation without sustaining serious injury. 

That's not an option I'd consider acceptable to law enforcement.
It wasn't even close to "by far the least lethal solution".  The only thing they have more deadly is a fucking gun.

Step 1: grab baton, or nearby blunt object.
Step 2: smack feeble old man in knuckles.
Step 3: Profit

How fucking hard is that?  Cops realize that there is danger in their job, they take the job to PROTECT others.  Minimal danger is no excuse for way over the top force.

You HONESTLY believe that an 80+ year old bedridden man with pneumonia poses a serious fucking threat?

They used a taser because as they put it "they had more important things to do".  They didn't want to bother talking the man out of his delusional fit, or peacefully disarming him.  They just wanted to zap him and get the fuck on with their day.

A taser is NOT meant to replace all other avenues.  They couldve attempted to negotiate with him, or used any number of other methods.  But they would take time and effort, and these doucheberries had "better things to do".

A taser is meant to be a non-lethal way of defending yourself against a thraet.  It's not a means of forcing compliance in unruly citizens.  It is to be used when other means have been exhausted, not as an easy way to avoid having to actually interact with people who don't instantly comply.

If the old man was able bodied and stabbing at the cops I can see this, but hes fucking laying in a bed posing no threat at all.
"There has been slippage in terms of tasers being used in increasingly lower risk encounters .  This is not the government originally envisioned or endorsed the use of tasers."
[Here's the end of Short Circuit 2](http://youtube.com/watch?v=l30sOEv_JUc)
&gt;No. The would have shot him.

Nonsense. There's no way in hell they would shoot him. If nothing else, the paperwork alone would put them off (in Canada, police regulations strongly discourage the use of firearms).
&gt;No they aren't. I know because I'm a veteran - I spent 5 years in light infantry (PPCLI, Canada).

Yes they are (In the United States, at least). My fiancee is in the Air Force Security Forces and I know an enlisted Marine who has been trained in the same fashion.
[deleted]
The first part of your answer is ridiculous. What I'm trying to imagine is a senario where a delusional person with a knife is told by a cop to hang on a bit while he searches for a blanket to throw at him, which enrages the opponent, causes a scuffle and ends up with somebody being stabbed in the process, possibly the cop. 

Your second paragraph betrays that you've never been close to being in such a situation, and have a general hate on for cops that means that even if they did come up with some insanely elaborate plan, you'd still find fault with them. 

This situation resulted in everyone walking away and back to their families because the cops used the weapons they had at their disposal. 

Perhaps they over reacted, perhaps the victim is just a blow hard with a beef such as yours. Either way, everyone's alive, and it certainly could have turned out worse.
He's 82 years old and on constant oxygen.  I think he can be forgiven for occasionally getting words confused.
I've done similar numerous times.  I've only been beaten on 1 time.  Out of about... 5 times.  And when I was beaten I was 16, so not real capable of defending myself vs 4 adult cops.  Now, different story.
The Mounties always get their man, eh?
Trust me, they aren't. My level of training was superior to the standard level of US training. If you wanted to compare me, you need to find a Ranger and/or Force Recon troop.

They just say that because they've had training like I explained above, and exhibit a level of confidence that is required in these types of situations.

If you ask them what to do if you are confronted with a knife, their response will be "run" or "shoot him". That's because they know what they are talking about. They'll only get into explaining self defense tactics if you remove those options from them.
&gt; You HONESTLY believe that an 80+ year old bedridden man with pneumonia poses a serious fucking threat?

If there is one thing that MUDs have taught me, it is this: do not fuck with 80+ year old bedridden men with pneumonia.
So... my fiancee and friends are wrong? Interesting. 

I most certainly will have to tell them that they were proved wrong by a *Canadian* veteran even though they received the training first-hand by their own superiors. My goodness. How foolish they have been in believing something that actually happened to themselves.
I figured that you weren't aged because you are, after all, using Reddit.
I'm not your friend, buddy.
I didn't say they were wrong, I said you need to clarify things with them.

Show them this thread and they'll point out that I'm basically correct. 

(And by veteran, I don't mean old. I'm only 33 - and I've seen combat in both Yugo and A-Stan.)
All you've stated is pure speculation.  The man admitted he had a knife and wouldn't put it down because, according to him, he was delusional.  Feeble?  Why, because he pulled out his oxygen machine for the news crew?  Smack him across the knuckles?  Is this officer Jackie Chan we're talking about?  Could you do that?  Keep in mind, by the time you can use a baton you are within arms reach of the guy.

Look at the facts.  Fact is they did the right thing.  Speculate all you want, convince yourself a 3 inch blade can't kill you, tell yourself since he was so old he couldn't possibly have killed anyone, speculate that these police officers and they're Ninja like baton skills would have worked better, but you've not changed any facts.

Police officers walk in.  In the nearest bed is a crazy old man with a knife (fact, the suspect confirmed both of these things).  According to the police officers, another man in the room was unresponsive and the man who would not put down his 3 inch blade said "I think he's dead".  Now, you have that image in your mind?  You tell the old man to put down his knife.  Repeatedly.  He won't do it.  You have a possibly dead or badly injured victim that you can't get to without disarming this old man first.

They couldn't use pepper spray.  Only a damn fool would run in and try to wrestle a knife from someone when they had a tazer right there.  The police officers 100% did the right thing.  

You may now return to your "oh, poor old man" mentality...
The Canadian government is currently holding a series of inquires over the increasing use of tazers.  They are discussing making it mandatory to file a detailed incident report after each tazer use to gather data on how and when officers are using them.

If that happens, the cops are going to bee much less trigger happy and will probably start pepper-spraying people again.
The thing about suing is that it acts as a deterrent to this kind of action.
When the cop said "whether the person is eighty or twenty, we're dealing with a person-" I paused it to answer the door with that unfinished sentence ringing in my mind.
&gt;Obviously having a permissive, fascistic ultra right wing government makes the matter worse.

You know, if you'd actually experienced such a government, I doubt very highly you'd be comparing Harper to them.
&gt;Even if he weren't hospitalized and severely ill, he would be pathetically easy to disarm.

you over-estimate your abilities.  it's incredibly difficult to disarm someone with a knife without getting slashed.  you've probably just been watching one too many rambo type movies that have distorted your perception of reality.
Yeah, the Canadian military is well known for their high standards and rigerous training.  I think you actually have to be able to eat 5 donuts in one sitting to pass basic training now!

I think the US equivilent you were looking for was not "Rangers" but "Boy Scouts".
[deleted]
You can second guess the police. You can wonder why they couldn't have handled some 82-year old in a hospital bed.

BUT FIRST ASK

Why the police were called in the first place. If the man was so easily handled than shouldn't the orderlies and hospital security guards been able to handle him?

The police are trained to take down criminals. I would assume that the hospital employees would be better trained to control a medical patient. They could have used the physical force some are saying the police should have used. Perhaps a doctor/nurse could have used a sedative of some sort.
If that were true, this wouldn't happen in the States. 

IIRC, it's even worse down there.
Your first paragraph betrays that you undoubtably had some hardcore grandparents who beat you pretty good, if you can't envision an 82-year old in a hospital bed being restrained with a blanket.
Too many movies, not enough actual experience.
Sad thing is, a nurse with half a brain could have disarmed him, delusional or not... people in general have become way too pussified for my taste.
Tasers - The solution to all conflicts.
And how's your legal system doing down there, got enough lawyers yet?
No, my comment reveals I've been in similar situations, and realize that it's somewhat different from playing monday morning cop from the comfort of your desk. 

I can't envision anyone with a knife being restrained by a blanket enough that I could approach them without fear of being stabbed.
What's wrong with bowling?
Which is why anti-terrorist police now carry nukes.
It's not speculation, there are admittedly a few assumptions but they're all reasonable.

I'll just respond to your points inorder I guess.
He is 80+ years old, and he has pneumonia.  Which means he was DEFINATELY on AT LEAST a few IVs and a breathing apparatus.  Do you have any idea how long it would take a man that old, and in that condition to even fucking stand up? let alone stab a room full of cops?

"by the time you can use a baton you are within arms reach of the guy." Nope.  You're an arms length, plus the length of the baton away from the guy.  The baton gives you an additional few feet of distance.  And I'd assume the cop is AT LEAST as agile as the delusional, hospitalized, seriously ill geriatric.  If you can't manage to knock the knife out of an 80 year old sick guy's hand with a 24" stick, you've got serious fucking issues.

It's NOT a fact.  Your OPINIONS are NOT fact.  That's the thing about right and wrong, they're NEVER black and white.  You have to use your judgement and take into account the situation.  Seriously? ninja baton skills?  If three cops can't disarm a bed-ridden 80 year old man, they don't deserve to be fucking cops.  It's about as mundane of a "weapon" situation as they come.

"Potentially dead or badly injured victim" They're in a fucking hospital, doctors are everywhere.  Have you ever been in a hospital room?  The beds are on fucking wheels.  It doesn't take mcgyver to figure out how to diffuse the damn situation.  Wheel them apart from each other and deal with each situation seperately.  Allow the hospital staff to treat the ill man, and take your time handling the now totally harmless crazy old fuck.

Jesus christ it's an 80 year old bed ridden man.  If you actually get stabbed by a bedridden man, you fucking deserve it.  Anyone with a lick of sense could've thought of a better way to handle the situation than to electrocute the old bastard.

he was crazy sure, but he wasn't dangerous.

You know how you out-wit a bedridden man with a knife? You back the fuck up.  Two steps back and the guy is just a babbling harmless idiot.  You've got all the time in the world to think through and diffuse the situation.
I don't at all totally disagree with taser use. And the kind of abandon used in the situation isn't surprising. But imagine the incident occurring in a town where everybody knows everybody. When it's your neighbor whose medical condition has caused a bout of delirium, you're much less likely to think about giving a violent electric shock. No, in our world, the recipient was just another face to police, and potential threat to be dealt with swiftly, inhumanely if necessary; anything to give the optimal comfort to their lives and jobs. He wasn't a person or potential friend to them.

I have always lived casually on the right side of the law. I pay my taxes. I am always to work on time. I give little offense to anyone and I'd say I make friends of people and even enemies easily. And yet my experiences with cops have been atrocious. Once I was ticketed falsely, for a traffic violation that didn't occur. There's no doubt about it. The officer's motivation, I won't conjecture. It cost me 500, for nothing but the idle whim of an antagonist in power. One time me and my friends' car broke down at  1am in the middle of nowhere on Christmas Eve. Cops stopped and question us, then left us stranded. Most people I know have found that the only time cops are around is to act as an irritant. Now if one ever saves me maybe I'll see it in a different light. But as long as any single one would fuck up my life like that, simply because he didn't know me, I will never stand up for them like I would have when I was a child.
&gt;Common sense would dictate that use of nightsticks would be safer for someone trying to disarm a knife-weilding person than would use of a taser

Safer for whom? The assailant? If that guy wants safety, he shouldn't be confronting cops with a knife!

&gt;You have to be much closer with a taser.

?? They shoot like 20-30 feet or something.

&gt;oh really, officer

I'm not a cop.
There should have been no way in hell that they would taser him. He was in a hospital bed. How much of a threat is he?
no video showed up. the site seems down.
I'll give you this: cops can be assholes, and American cops are pretty big assholes in my experience. I won't defend them.

I will say though, that it looks like they acted within reason in this case.

Then again, if you look at the comments in this thread, and at how many times "Fuck Cops" are uttered,(and upmodded!) one can certainly appreciate why they act like assholes.
I'm not sure that the cops would have been called for a lovely old man in a hospital bed.
He's bedridden.

He's not some wild-eyed thug running around with a knife.

He's fucking LAYING IN BED, unable to get up.

Knifes are useless if you can't move.  It's not like the guy is a ticking time bomb or something, there's no reason he has to be IMMEDIATELY and violently counter-attacked.

I'm sorry but an old, ill, stationary man confined to a bed on wheels is not exactly a difficult opponent.  Especially considering the fact that they outnumbered him considerably.

They wanted the situation over immediately, because as they said "They had better things to do" they chose to take the easy way out and zap the fucker, rather than do their jobs.
Hey!  I'm from Kamloops.  This is a very exciting day for me.
I don't know where you live, but in the old steel town of ghetto Hamilton Most cops I see are 6'2+ 220ibs+ of solid muscle. We need that though.
[deleted]
Can I ask why you were in the position 5 times?
The officer in charge was in a hurry, he said they had more important situations to deal with.

They could have waited out the situation, no harm to anyone likely.
At 82 years old you've got to assume a high likelihood of heart problems. Obviously, these R.C.M.P. officers are too lacking of common sense for police work. They also appear to have been cowards. You'd think a prerequisite for police work would be some degree of lack of cowardice. What an embarrassment these craven deadbeats must be to their fellow officers. 

"Oh-h-h-h, he was holding a deadly weapon. We were in imminent mortal danger. Excuse me a moment while I compose myself, I get all trembly just remembering it." 

Good god, he was an 82 year old man in a hospital bed holding a pocket-knife.
&gt;I'm not sure that the cops would have been called for a lovely old man in a hospital bed.

WTFV. He was delusional and had a pocket knife in his hand. As the 82-year-old man himself said afterwards, three healthy cops should have had no problem disarming him.
Those with mental illnesses or medical issues are not criminals.  I repeat.  ARE NOT CRIMINALS.  Therefore, the fascist pigs are not trained whatsoever to handle them.
&gt;I'm not a cop.

That sounds exactly like what a cop would say!
Hey, I could be a Canadian cop.  Sweet!
&gt;He was delusional and had a pocket knife in his hand.

Enough said.
Using guns to disarm a knife would be easier - you don't even have to be close.

Don't bring a knife to a gun fight.
That is part of my comment. The police are better trained to handle criminals, not those with mental illnesses or medical issues.

That is my point. The police should never have been called. They reacted as police officers. The hospital employees should have handled it.
you're an idiot who once again overestimates his ability to remove a knife from someone.  it doesn't make a difference that he's bedridden and old, fact is he is holding a knife that would slice through your skin like butter.  it makes absolutely no sense to put an officer in harms way by telling him to attempt to disarm a person with a knife by hand when he can simply "zap the fucker" from a safe distance away.

the cops did their job.. they disarmed the "fucker" without anyone else being harmed.  you need to take a step back to reality as it's apparent you've been living in a hollywood fantasy movie for way too long.  an old, ill, stationary man confined to a bed on wheels with a knife is more difficult to disarm than you think he is.

i suggest you give it a try... have one of your buddies lay in bed with a sharpie, see if you can get it out of his hands without him marking you up... you'd be surprised how many marks you end up with.
I also hear 9 out of 10 stats are made up!
Or, like someone that isn't a cop would say.
I'm thinkin' they could have waited five minutes for his nap.
Oh, you're right.  Sorry.  I've been up since yesterday and I just had an interview go bad.  Things are not well in the Garden of Girth and Again.
They are like that most everywhere, but making things up is fun!
hurry! Royal Inland Hospital FTW!
0 if I kick his fucking bed over.
0 if I knock him in the arm with a long object from a safe distance away
0 if I give the guy a few minutes to calm down, seeing as there's no serious danger unless someone steps close (which im here to prevent)

That's the beautiful thing about a stationary target with a knife.  You are only in danger if you stick parts of your body within his miniscule circle of reach.  And seeing as you've got unlimited time and plenty of resources, you've got a virtually unlimited number of ways to extend your reach, youre in control.

You're seriously telling me there's no way to disarm a stationary, dilusional, fragile old man with a room full of cops?  Pick up a damn broom and just knock the guy in the fucking arm with it, case closed.

It doesn't take a damn ninja to hit a stationary target with a 6 foot broom.

Here's an experiment for you: give your friend a sharpie and tell him not to move.  Use any household items to disarm him.  Virtually any item over 12" long would put you outside of his reach, yet able to strike him.  Give him a few hard raps anywhere on that arm and he's going to drop the knife.

A knife as a weapon relies totally on the wielder.  This guy is about the LEAST capable possible "knife wielder" short of an amputee or a vegetable.  If you can't outwit a delusional old fuck, time for you to get a new job.

They had plenty of safer alternatives, but they chose the quickest and easiest one because as they said they have "better things to do".
The Canadian Military is doing twice the job in A-stan with less than half the troops than the US is. 

We even [bailed your ass out](http://www.snipercountry.com/Articles/CoolUnderFire.asp) when you needed it.
Well, historically, in democracies people sue each other. Athens was much the same. In tyrannies without the rule of law the strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must. Without the rule of law some people pick up weapons and take their own revenge, no matter the cost. 

If that happened to, say, my grandfather, I would go to a lawyer to try to take revenge in the courts. If that wasn't an option, some people will try to take vengeance themselves.  Suing reduces violence.
Did you watch the video? This is an 82 year old man (who recently went through surgery) lying on a hospital bed sick with pneumonia. 82 years old! In a hospital bed because of pneumonia! How can 3 officers justify using a taser when they could have easily disarmed and overpowered him by whacking his arm a couple times?
&gt; We even bailed your ass out when you needed it.

My ass is Canadian, just like the rest of me.  And we're doing a shitty job, wasting our tiny military budget supporting the Regan empire's war on drugs.
&gt;Enough said.

And 82 years old. And in recovery from heart bypass surgery. WTFV.
I have no objection to lawyers. I am even related to some. When a nation loses confidence in its legal system, as has happened since the Republicans have subverted ours, then revolution may be only alternative.
I'm not your buddy, mac.
I think he's basing it on the flawed BMI scale where a 6'2" 220lbs of solid muscle person has a 28.2 bmi index which is considered is overweight and bordering on obesity.
Whacking his arm a couple of times would probably have resulted in serious fractures for an 82 year old. 

Then we'd be talking about how the police overstepped that one as well. 

The guy can whine to the cameras because of the way the cops acted.
Again, given the numbers in Canada and in the US, you have no statistical information to confirm that statement.
I was beginning to wonder if I was the only one that noticed all these taser stories are coming from BC.
They had to electrocute him so he wouldn't hurt himself. Protecting the people.
[deleted]
We're not doing a shitty job. You can argue that we shouldn't be there, but how that extends to the military being crap is only logical inside of your head.

Canadian soldiers have long been know in military circles as being some of the finest in the world.
Good! The US needs this.

It's sad that the only way we can get them to act resposnsibly is the threat of paperwork, but if it works... I guess I won't complain.
Now there's some logic I can get behind!

How much money do I have to pay to be safe?
I was thinking more of Afghanistan and Pakistan.
And what a taser-induced fatality is better? This guy's a weakened 82 year old who underwent heart surgery, he's constantly connected to a device to help him breathe. The possibility that the taser could've killed him is very high and would've been much worse than a few broken bones.
Did he call "no tazings"?
A possible solution to this taser-happy police culture: hook their tasers up to their guns.  That way they can only pull their tasers in the same scenarios where they need their guns--that is, where lethal force is required to defend themselves.

Additionally, this gives the officer additional options.  Does he have a gun?  Shoot him.  Does it only look like he's *going* for a weapon?  Taser him.
What's really sad is how much and how rapidly the RCMP is losing respect. They used to be revered here (RCMP mounted formation was on our old $50 bill, the mountie always gets his man, they don't need to use guns because darnit, criminals know how good they are!). But now...now they're just seen as another group of thugs with badges.
While reading through the comments I had one major thing come to mind. In light of the situation, its not the tazer that bothers me. 

Its the judgment of the officers. Did people involved know he was weakened and delusional? From what I heard they did.

Did the cops use necessary force for the general situation of "There is a knife wielding person refusing to stand down". In my opinion they did.

But the fact they could not dictate that an immobile elderly individual whom is oxygen dependent would count as extenuating circumstance where normal force is not required bothers me greatly. 

Think about Vendetta, little girl in Guy Fawkes mask, was she breaking the law? yes. Did he act within his means? yes. Was it excessive for the given situation? COMPLETELY.

Its all about judgment, which these mounties seem to lack.
I'm 52, is that "aged"?
Look folks, don't mod this guy down - he's right.

An 82 year old man weilding a knife is still a threat.  Too bad for him.  Even senile and old, there's no excuse to wave a knife around.  If he's a danger to people around him or to himself, I agree with the use of Tasers.

The taser isn't in this case being used as a compliance device, it's being used to subdue a threat.
&gt;And what a taser-induced fatality is better

Yes, it's better than a dead or wounded cop.  Waving a knife around is wrong no matter who you are.

Tough shit for the old man honestly.  If he was a threat to himself or others, I believe the cops took a correct course of action.  82 or not.  This is radically different from the Polish man at the airport.
[deleted]
If I was the cops I think I would have laughed before I tasered...this woulda made one of the classic watercooler conversations at the local Tim Horton's..."so then..."

brandishes swiss army blade, and in his best Abe Simpson...

#You're never gonna take this old man down, coppers

"What did you Do?"
"Tasered the old bastard"#

I guess with the exception of Reddit and CBC it still makes a pretty good story.
It's ok.  They tasered him because they had more important work to do on the streets.  Like hand out traffic tickets.
how long has it been since you set foot in the US? cops here have ALWAYS been like that.
&gt;The possibility that the taser could've killed him is very high 

Based on what data exactly?

I don't deny that tasers are bad. Hell, I'd like to see them removed, because I don't think the cops use them properly, but to say that death from a taser is "very likely" is to ignore the very obvious data on file.

Death from a taser is extremely *unlikely*.
You can't speak logic to a crowd that has a hate on for cops and is ideologically bent.

You're going to get modded into oblivion too, just wait.
Would you think the same if this man had been your beloved grandfather?

Just wondering...
Yes because the cops going into the situation got a chance to review his medical file.

WTF indeed.
&gt;They could have waited out the situation, no harm to anyone likely.

Except of course whomever they thought was "more important".

Perhaps that person really, really, needed the cop's help?
But that's just it, you can't seriously think that a sick bedridden 82-year old can cause major harm to 3 healthy police officers. He was lying in bed! His range of attack is effectively the length of his arm. He couldn't approach, dodge or strike at the officers. All he could do is wave the knife around.
He didn't declare an emergency, he just stated they had more important things to do.

They could have left one policeman there to manage an 82 year old who was by then in bed. He had obviously calmed down enough to get back into bed. The threat was low.

Deploying a taser on an 82 year old man brandishing a knife who had just had heart bypass surgery could have been lethal. 

What situation was more important than that life or death situation?

edit: If it would make you happy, leaving a lone policeman with a gun still would have allowed them to blow the old man away.
THIS IS WHY GOD INVENTED HALDOL
He's old! He probably can't see too good! Put some antipsychotics in the old IV!
It's not based on data, it's based on logic. Pumping 50 000 volts into a hospital patient already weakened by pneumonia and attached to a breathing device because of recent heart surgery is vastly different than using it on a criminal out on the street resisting arrest. I'm not against tasers when used correctly.
He admits that he gets delusional.  Sounds like a mental health issues.  He was delusional.  And yet, he clearly remembers police saying "ge him, we have more important work".

You can remember that when you're delusional?  Or perhaps he wasn't delusional and actually dangerous?

Something sounds fish here.
Whoa! Canadian? I thought this shit only happened in third world countries like the US?!
&gt;my comment reveals I've been in similar situations

So you did fight with your grandparents then? Look, it's quite simple. The guy was 82 years old. 82. Did you watch the video? He didn't look like he would have been much threat at the best of times, much less from a hospital bed. I'll grant your argument makes sense for anyone with a knife that doesn't look like they're older than father time, but if you're afraid of that guy, even with a pocketknife,  you sir, are a pussy.
&gt;It's not based on data, it's based on logic.

lol, that's just set a new standard for oxymoron.
&gt;0 if I kick his fucking bed over. 

haha, right.  you'd simply be commenting on another stupid submission: police throw 82 year old man from hospital bed onto floor.

&gt;0 if I knock him in the arm with a long object from a safe distance away

hitting an 82 year old man.. you'd probably have to break his arm in order to get him to let go of a knife.. 

&gt;0 if I give the guy a few minutes to calm down, seeing as there's no serious danger unless someone steps close (which im here to prevent)

you're there to prevent him from harming both *himself*, and others.  as soon as someone has a knife in their hand they are a serious danger to themselves.  pacifism fails in real life, buddy.

&gt;That's the beautiful thing about a stationary target with a knife. You are only in danger if you stick parts of your body within his miniscule circle of reach. And seeing as you've got unlimited time and plenty of resources, you've got a virtually unlimited number of ways to extend your reach, youre in control.

fail.

&gt;You're seriously telling me there's no way to disarm a stationary, dilusional, fragile old man with a room full of cops? Pick up a damn broom and just knock the guy in the fucking arm with it, case closed.

this situation is precisely what tasers are for.  the subject is safely and temporarily incapacitated.

&gt;It doesn't take a damn ninja to hit a stationary target with a 6 foot broom.

you're an idiot.

&gt;Here's an experiment for you: give your friend a sharpie and tell him not to move. Use any household items to disarm him. Virtually any item over 12" long would put you outside of his reach, yet able to strike him. Give him a few hard raps anywhere on that arm and he's going to drop the knife.

fail.

&gt;A knife as a weapon relies totally on the wielder. This guy is about the LEAST capable possible "knife wielder" short of an amputee or a vegetable. If you can't outwit a delusional old fuck, time for you to get a new job.

fail, again.  you've obviously never encountered someone with a knife.  once again, you need to stop being a fucking stubborn retard and realize that a taser was the best option in this situation.
Where did it say he was lying in bed?

Oh right, this from the guy who admits he brandished a knife at the cops and was "delusional".
It's so much easier to just say "no" than to actually think isn't it.

Let's leave it at this:

If we ever meet in person, we'll bind your legs and give you a knife.  I'll take a long stick of any sort (broom, nightstick shower curtain rod, whatever).

I bet you 1000 simoleans I could knock your stupid hobbling ass out without even blinking, even though you're apparently an experienced knife fighter! you know why? A KNIFE DOESNT FUCKING WORK IF YOU CAN'T MOVE

Feel free to respond with whatever mindless shit you want, this is getting stupid.
Look I don't hate cops. I'm not even against tasers in general. What I object to in this case is the incompetent and illogical response that was committed by these officers. And the stubborn refusal to admit error. They couldn't have asked the nurses why their patient was brandishing the knife in the first place? (Apparently, the guy claims to get delusional because of oxygen deficiency and wouldn't let go of the knife).

Instead, they walk in on him waving his knife around refusing to drop it. Maybe because of his deliriousness, he's yelling out threats but maybe he isn't. They see that he's old, he's weak and probably sick and he's connected to some sort of breathing device. So what do they do? They say they have more important things to do and tase him three times. Do you honestly see nothing wrong with this?
please post to **taser.reddit** geeez.
haha, you're just another retarded internet tough guy.  i would love to kill you in person, feel free to fly to NY and give me a call.
Congratulations, victory is yours.  Your superior intellect and e-peen stroking has struck me down.

You sir, are the victor! Revel in it! This is the single greatest achievement of your adventurous knife-fight filled life.
"He has cooties!  Taz'em boys!"
Ok let's say this guy is standing up, do you think that an 82-year old with pneumonia who is connected to a device for extra oxygen could outmaneuver and successfully strike a healthy adult with a pocketknife and with enough force to cause serious harm? And remember, this is the RCMP so they should have some sort of self-defense training.
I hope things seem better in the morning :)
Hmmm, ok I guess pumping 50 000 volts into a sick old man is alright with you.
Oh the poor cops were afraid of getting cut with a pocket knife. Why are cops such pussies? I thought they chose their career because they wanted to be heroes.
Now that you've got yourself all worked up can I ask you a question? Did you see the bit in the video where the old man said that he was an ex-prison guard and he would have been able to disarm someone like him without using a tazer?
how about tasering anyone who links to a .mov file in The Era of A Thousand Youtubes?
It's actually more like 90%. Don't feel too bad though, you were close.
there are always stories behind these headlines. if you do not want to get tasered, do not swing a knife at cops...
I never eat a pig 'cause a pig is a cop.
| delusional

Gee, I wonder who might be delusional around here?   Hummm.....
When you pull out a knife and start waving it at people you become a criminal.

Could the RCMP handled the situation better?  Yes they could.
shut up statist
Those 82 year olds can be pretty scary.  One time I was on the lawn of some 82-year-old dude and he sprayed his hose on me while yelling.  I shat my pants right there -- wish he would've gotten tased for what he did to me.
You sure can tell reddit is in the middle of another digg wave. The bootlickers are as thick as fleas on a llama around here.
Exactly what I was thinking.
The Onion must have hard time coming up with _more_ ridiculous stories.
And, it was heart by-pass surgery.
[deleted]
I completely agree with regarding close quarter defense against a knife.  "Run" is usually the best option unless of course you have a gun, then"shoot him" is the better choice.  
However, without knowing the particular officers abilities I am going to assume that they didn't have the ability to disarm an 82 year old man lying in a hospital bed or they wouldn't have "shot him" with The Taser.  
If this is true then the standards that are being used to recruit police are far too low.  
If he was shot because they were lazy then again the standards are far too low.
I can speak to direct experience with oxygen deprivation based delirium, having gone through it with my father. He didn't know where he was, what day it was, who I was or anything. The body clenches in response, which is an automatic reaction. I had to have four of us try to get him from a bed to a wheelchair, and it took 20 minutes. It is frightening, but mostly for him.

If this man has emphysema, all his energy is spent trying to breathe. My father's pulmonologist explained every breath is like lifting 50 pounds over your head. You tell me how a man in this state can possibly fight back.
He was on a fucking oxygen machine. People who require O2 are very weak. You don't need to see a medical file for that.
No, unless of course the healthy adult needs to somehow physically restrain the person with a knife. All bets are off in that case. You don't need much strength to push a knife through skin. 

Point being that the officers don't need to put themselves in a position to find out. There's no requirement for them to do so. The situation has already been escalated to levels high enough to allow for taser use. 

They had that option, and they took it. This is exactly the kind of situation a taser is designed to be used in.
Actually, he wasn't. Hence the reason he was delusional.
Does everyone in Canada talk like that?
Pumping 50,000 volts into a person brandishing a knife, knowing that 50,000 volts is effectively harmless in 90% of cases is alright with me, yes.

You seem to thing that tasering is just the same thing as shooting someone. It isn't.
You tell me how three beat cops arriving on the scene should possibly be expected to know that?
He's on constant oxygen, and most likely has emphysema. Emphysema causes a person to not be able to expel CO2 very well, so it builds up in the blood, and this causes delirium. It can happen very quickly, as I lived through many times caring for my father who had the same thing. It's not fishy, it's the disease.
Funniest Reddit comment, ever.
Thanks. :)
Well, when my Dad died last October, and the police came to my house, the first thing they noticed was the oxygen tank, and they asked if he had COPD. My uncle, who works at the police station, also informs me that they get trained on some of these things to know what they are getting into. 

EDIT: Also, simple observation would allow them to plainly see his condition.
Bullcrap.  If it's a medical issue it shouldn't be handled by cops.  You are not a criminal.
Knife. 

Trust me, wrong or right that's all they saw. It's a part of the human condition that someone will focus on the threat and block out other details. It happens a lot, and cops aren't immune to this.

I bet they probably would have a tough time telling you what colour the room was too.

I'm not trying to completely excuse them, but I'm trying to provide some counter to the people that think this could have been handled like they were dealing with a lost child. It doesn't work that way, and it makes it very difficult to properly second guess the situation.
[No, what you have described is not logic](http://shonari.files.wordpress.com/2007/08/circular-reasoning.png) (and I am offended on behalf of my imaginary, yet delightfully amusing, personification of logic itself).
That Kevin guy near the end sounds strangely similar to Kermit the Frog.
The lead cop said, 'let's get this done quickly, we've got more important things to do. ' To me, they used the taser as a quick way to subdue the man and move on. What you just described is that cops don't know how to assess threat and use judgement - something that does not describe most cops I know.
ok, come get me.
WATCH IT!  Taser, Inc. might sue you for suggesting that their lethal weapon is a lethal weapon.
If you're a cop you're thinking "I could wrestle this guy for his knife and possibly get stabbed  while I have a perfectly good taser at my side-- fuck that."


If anything, this video demonstrates the effectiveness of tasers- the dude is still alive with no real lasting damage. Quit your whining, you're tuning into a fucking pussy. Over reaction to the max.
right, cuz tasing an old man to death for pulling a knife is definitely an appropriate response...
The story should have specified whether the blade of the pocket knife was open or not.
you've given us balanced and well reasoned  arguments. for trying to make us think, we shall marginalize you.
&gt;You're watching too many movies if you think you can do this without getting cut.

A cop get's a cut from a fucking pocket knife, so what?

They were inside a hospital don't you know.

Contemplate this - mortality risk: flesh wound suffered by healthy cop vs. tri-Tasering a pneumonic 82 year old on oxygen.
RCMP -Lending legs to the theory that it's cool to shoot cops.
You ruined it. High five.
DON'T TASE ME SONNY!!
&gt;Pumping 50 000 volts into. . .

That's not how [volts](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volt) work!

See: [ampere](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ampere)
&gt;A cop get's a cut from a fucking pocket knife, so what?

So, getting cut is not something that is considered acceptable to the cop. WTF are you new?

The cop doesn't approach the situation saying: "Even if it means I may suffer, what's the best possible outcome?" He says, "How the hell am I going to get out of this in one piece, and make sure this guy doesn't hurt anyone else, while trying to do as little damage as possible to him?"
Would *you* call it aged?
&gt;Tough shit for the old man honestly. ... 82 or not. 

Your ignorance shines. 

Have you considered that he might have been demented?  It happens.  at age 85, 25-50% of people have Alzheimer's.  That's just *one* type of dementia.  He'd recently had heart surgery.  For the elderly, *any* operation carries a large risk of mental decline.

Dementia can be as crazy as thinking the moon-men are after you, or as subtle as momentarily feeling threatened (and acting on it).

Police need to protect themselves and others.  82 year old men are rarely threats to anybody  (unless if they're running for president)

A Taser?  Really?  For an 82 year old hospital patient?
&gt;Pumping **50 000 volts** into a hospital patient already weakened by pneumonia and attached to a breathing device because of recent heart surgery

I wonder if the police turned off their cell phones when they entered the hospital.  You can't be too careful, you know!
&gt; will probably start pepper-spraying people again.

**RCMP officers pepper-spray 82-year-old bedridden patient on ventilator, claim "more important things to do"**

Hell, they might be within regulations, but it's just fucking stupid.  How do you spin this other than "what a bunch of thugs"?
You're only being downmodded because you said something mildly disparaging about Canadians. If you repeat the same statement, no matter how false, and replace Canada with the US then everyone will vote you up because on reddit it's alright to make things up if they are about the US, as long as they are perceived as negative.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oops sorry.
[deleted]
.mov?

Fuck you.
Oh it isn't? I'll give it another try. The RCMP is called in because a patient is delirious and has pulled out a knife. They try to persuade him to drop his weapon but he refuses. They see that he's old, he's weak and probably sick and he's connected to some sort of breathing device. Instead of trying to physically subdue him, the 3 officers decide the best course of action is to use a taser since they "have more important things to do" and tase him 3 times. How is it not logical to reason that since we don't know the full effects of tasers on sick and elderly people it is better to err on the side of caution? How is it not logical to argue that 3 officers could've easily overwhelmed a single elderly hospital patient without a taser?
I would agree with you if the guy was young, healthy and not connected to that breathing device.
That old dude totally had it coming.
&gt; How is it not logical to reason that since we don't know the full effects of tasers on sick and elderly people it is better to err on the side of caution?

[tehe](http://www.logicalfallacies.info/argumentfromignorance.html)
Their salaries are paid by the public so they'd better be damn careful, especially when trying to subdue an elderly hospital patient.
Yeah except we're not talking about God or unicorns you idiot. People have died after being tasered.
Mounties...
i'm sorry, all i can think about is the mounties riding up to this guy (still on horseback) and tasing him
Please don't call names; it's not constructive. The Argument from Ignorance logical fallacy has nothing to do with the existence or non-existence of God, however, that case is often used as an example of the fallacy that you used (one of those after your original logical fallacy).

It's also not constructive to perpetuate fallacies one after the other. I implore you to educate yourself in the field of logic and reason before claiming to purport it. It really is interesting and fun! I think it's a fair request, don't you?

I hope you haven't drawn any further conclusions from my words other than "you were not using logic", because you most definitely were not and you continued to not do so (this is very common behaviour in my anecdotal observation i.e. an initial inconsistency is followed by many more). I have not put forward my take on the taser issue.

If you are genuine in wanting to learn logic, as a teacher, I suggest starting at the rules of inference of classical logic, then applying them in some trivial mathematical proofs. For example, Modus Ponens, Modus Tollens (proof by contraposition) and even Reductio ad Absurdum if you are game (proof by contradiction) on sets such as the natural numbers. I can give you some examples of good exercises if you like. Also, circular reasoning (p -&gt; p) is not permitted in logical proofs, but it is a very attractive trap, so maybe you can learn to avoid it! ;) Perhaps others (or even yourself) can suggest a good place to start as well. There are quite possibly better places to start that suit you. Good luck!
don't need to; dumbassery gets itself. :p
I know what you were trying to do and after rereading my posts I realize it wasn't solid but it angered me that you're nitpicking on my logic when I'm arguing about the possibility of someone's life being taken away for no good reason. Oh and it is a good measure of how angry you made me when I called you a name, I generally restrain from name calling and all that bs on reddit.
Don't get angry; it hinders reason :) I'm not nitpicking on your logic, since it wasn't logic. Indeed, it was *very far removed* from logic.

There are lessons to be learned; I like learning, do you?

By the way, whose life was taken away?
Haven't you heard?  All other crimes have been solved.  It's time to deal with the elderly.  Next they are going to remove the brass balls from your truck, and scan your web traffic to make sure that you're not suspected of downloading anything illegal.
Heh, no one's life was taken away. But people have died after being tasered before. I admit there is no evidence that tasers directly cause death partly because we don't fully understand the full effects tasers have on humans. But since this guy is sick and elderly would it not be better to use other methods before resorting to a taser?
The man was bedridden. Well-reasoned argument: FAIL.
reddit's rather random. Time of submission can possibly be a critical factor.
except he wasn't bedridden, he '...was laying in bed by then.'

basic comprehension fail.
[deleted]
I think three RCMP could have taken the knife off an 82 year old man on oxygen without any problem. You are simply making the case that is being pointed out as idiotic: "I am not going to put myself anywhere near harms way, however remote the chance, if I can taze them. My job description has changed - I am not a protector of the public, I am looking after number 1".
&gt; My fiancee is in the Air Force Security Forces and I know an enlisted Marine who has been trained in the same fashion.

Honestly - "unarmed knife defense" doesn't work, period. I'll tell you what - you get a magic marker and use it on your fiancee like a knife wielding maniac (rather than the compliant "I do this, then you do that" way it is taught), and see how many marks she ends up with on her arms and elsewhere. It simply *doesn't work*.
OK. Tell that to the US Military, not me.
They would say "In certain circumstances, this is the way you'd have to defend yourself."
Given that caveat - no possibility of escape - you have got to try something. It probably won't work mind; one good cut and the blood is going to start spurting.
Yes.  Why would that make a difference?..
Next time someone waves a knife at you, call a a doctor.  See what he tells you to do.  I bet you he says "CALL THE POLICE!!!"
If it's an 82 year old man in a hospital bed that is next to mine, I can guarantee you I will be pressing the button for the NURSE.  Idiot.
Good, you go ahead and do that.  There'll be one less stupid person around.
You certainly are one quality human being.

Summary:
The guy was 82 years old.
You tell the old man to put down his knife.
You call that a knife?
He was in a hospital bed.
He has a *pocket knife.
I just don't get the mentality here.
They used a taser because as they put it "they had more important things to do".
If he's a danger to people around him or to himself, I agree with the use of Tasers.
If you're too afraid to take a knife from an 82 year old man, you shouldn't be a cop.
A cop get's a cut from a fucking pocket knife, so what?
No, I think the one cop who had to go in and try to grab the knife would have been in danger.
I am always to work on time.
Without the taser it is a gun.
cops here have ALWAYS been like that.
The would have shot him.
Exactly what I was thinking.
I'm not sure that the cops would have been called for a lovely old man in a hospital bed.
I bet you he says "CALL THE POLICE!!!"
Look I don't hate cops.
They are trained for it.
He was delusional and had a pocket knife in his hand.
There should have been no way in hell that they would taser him.
If a cop can't safely disarm a sickly old man in bed, what the fuck use is he?
They would have shot him.
You know how you out-wit a bedridden man with a knife?
(And by veteran, I don't mean old.
He is 80+ years old, and he has pneumonia.
You back the fuck up.
That sounds exactly like what a cop would say!
if you do not want to get tasered, do not swing a knife at cops...
The police are trained to take down criminals.
I think three RCMP could have taken the knife off an 82 year old man on oxygen without any problem.
He probably can't see too good!
Using guns to disarm a knife would be easier - you don't even have to be close.
The beds are on fucking wheels.
He admits that he gets delusional.
If the old man was able bodied and stabbing at the cops I can see this, but hes fucking laying in a bed posing no threat at all.
For an 82 year old hospital patient?
The police should never have been called.
&gt;A cop get's a cut from a fucking pocket knife, so what?
I'm not even against tasers in general.
If you can't outwit a delusional old fuck, time for you to get a new job.
He's 82 years old and on constant oxygen.
&gt;I'm not sure that the cops would have been called for a lovely old man in a hospital bed.
You can remember that when you're delusional?
Hey, I could be a Canadian cop.
The only thing they have more deadly is a fucking gun.
That's because they know what they are talking about.
I don't at all totally disagree with taser use.
Good god, he was an 82 year old man in a hospital bed holding a pocket-knife.
If you actually get stabbed by a bedridden man, you fucking deserve it.
In a hospital bed because of pneumonia!
Or, like someone that isn't a cop would say.
You can't be too careful, you know!
See what he tells you to do.
Could the RCMP handled the situation better?
He was lying in bed!
They were inside a hospital don't you know.
Oh right, this from the guy who admits he brandished a knife at the cops and was "delusional".
People have died after being tasered.
He didn't know where he was, what day it was, who I was or anything.
They say they have more important things to do and tase him three times.
You're watching too many movies if you think you can do this without getting cut.
Fact is they did the right thing.
"by the time you can use a baton you are within arms reach of the guy."
You are not a criminal.
They tasered him because they had more important work to do on the streets.
If someone pulls a knife on you - run away or shoot him.
There's no way in hell they would shoot him.
an old, ill, stationary man confined to a bed on wheels with a knife is more difficult to disarm than you think he is.
He probably deserved a tasing even more than the cops did.
They could have waited out the situation, no harm to anyone likely.
Just because he's an old man doesn't mean he can't be full of shit.
The police officers 100% did the right thing.
But people have died after being tasered before.
I am even related to some.
You don't need to see a medical file for that.
Why would that make a difference?..
Deploying a taser on an 82 year old man brandishing a knife who had just had heart bypass surgery could have been lethal.
It's time to deal with the elderly.
I will say though, that it looks like they acted within reason in this case.
Now there's some logic I can get behind!
I'm not against tasers when used correctly.
The man admitted he had a knife and wouldn't put it down because, according to him, he was delusional.
Does it only look like he's *going* for a weapon?
They just wanted to zap him and get the fuck on with their day.
You HONESTLY believe that an 80+ year old bedridden man with pneumonia poses a serious fucking threat?
They reacted as police officers.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.01
