Original Response:
[deleted]
[deleted]
Where's the goddamned Congress? They are the only ones who have the authority to authorize warmaking.
[deleted]
So where is the source this article is based on?
So where is the source this article is based on?
If I stopped communicating the truth, hundreds of millions of other Americans would keep doing so.

Tyrannical government can control the mainstream press for a while, but they cannot control hundreds of millions of people.

Sorry.
is.
[deleted]
Probably not willing to identify him or herself.  If you look up the work of the author you will see he is a reputable journalist.
Counter-Punch is pretty far to the left, but they aren't Infowars or Alex Jones.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why is he still being allowed to authorize things at all?
[deleted]
Oh, [really?](http://georgewashington.blogspot.com/2007/05/psychiatrists-and-psychologists.html).

That's what they did in Stalinist Russia, sir.  They labeled anyone who criticized the government "insane", and put quite a few of them in psych wards.

Are you a Stalinist, sir?
[deleted]
Err, constitutional problems are the least of our worries.
Are you the sort of person who likes to justify current travesties by pointing out how other people have done it?


You should be *more* outraged for people not learning from their mistakes and allowing this to happen again.
[deleted]
After what we've seen of this administration, this wouldn't surprise me a bit if it's true.

Now we just have to find out if it's true.
He's insane?  While he may love the conspiracy stuff, it is your strong and almost fear-filled reaction to his posting that worries me most.

Why does it bother you so much?  I just don't read the stuff if I don't agree - take what you want and leave the rest, you know.

But to get so worked up:

&gt;PLEASE SHUT THE FUCK UP WITH YOUR LUNATIC CONSPIRACY SHIT

Makes me much more worried for you. And trust me when I say, I know a lot about what it takes to call someone crazy or insane...

He doesn't seem insane.  You do :(

If you decide to seek help I know some excellent sources.  Good luck.
Every day Bush does six unprecedented things before breakfast.
[deleted]
[deleted]
"If they really are, POST IT FROM A REPUTABLE SOURCE."

Oh, okay, [Dan Rather, Daniel Ellsberg, famed Watergate reporter Carl Bernstein, Pulitzer-prize winning journalist Seymour Hersh, Keith Olberman, the head of CNN, Air Force Colonel and key Pentagon official Karen Kwiatkowski, Bill Moyers, Smedley Butler, etc.](http://georgewashington.blogspot.com/2005/10/hit-them-with-truth.html) have nothing to teach us?

By the way, I've never said "the Jews blew up the Towers".
Clearly not that secretive.
Seriously, if you're submitting an article from something called "counterpunch", make sure it has a cite-able source. Doubly so if it's written by a guy named "Cockburn."
Amen!  After reading the first few paragraphs I knew it had no validity.
[deleted]
Now who sounds like a conspiracy theorist?!

&gt;A vigorous defense, mounted mere seconds after a criticism?

hahahahahahah!!! You are losing it atomicspace!!  Looney bin for you!

hahahahahaha!
This guy does have a point.
Which one is 'this guy'?

What I can't stand is people on any forum that tell someone to shut up or stop posting something or submitting a type of submission which they don't agree.

Smacks of heavy handed thuggery and a dismissive, childish personality that can only deal with cognitive dissonance by closing themsleves off to any information that doesn't fit into their shallow and narrow vision of the world.

That to me is much more insane than anybody spouting conspiracy theories...
If you look up the work of the author you will see he exists. Pretty much anything else you want to claim about him would be highly controversial.
That is defamation, sir.

You are trying to 

(1) link me with people who I have nothing to do with

and

(2) say criticizing Israeli policy means that I am saying something about "jews did 9/11"?

That is defamation, sir. (Specifically, libel, which is written defamation.)
History of "covert" actions.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UVetMKcWhA
I think we're both being heavily trolled.
Constitutional problems are the root of our problems. That fascist in the White House Does not go by what he took an oath to uphold.

If he followed the Constitution, we would not be in this mess. And if the Cowardly Citizens did something about it, We would not be in this mess.
If the congress did their congressional duty, we wouldn't be here either.

But really, what are we going to do? Tax evasion? Revolt? People are pissed, but comfortable. 

No, I agree we do need to follow the constitution, my point is that even if we were following it to attack Iran, it would still suck. Attacking Iran is the problem.
Hey, garyp714!

I just looked at your posts . . . you seem very bright, and Reddit likes you: You've got a lot of karma.

Must be a good guy.
Hey retard. We have been telling you for years this was coming. They will start a war with Iran, It will be a false flag operation that they blame on IRAN to start it. There will be no elections because we will be under Martial law. The U.S. is in finiancial ruin and getting worse.

We predicted the dollar amount of oil years ago. at least 4 years ago.

Everything we have been saying is happening or happened.

Whehn are you and the other blind sheeple going to wake up.

By this time next year, you will believe. Because you and your family, friend and children (if you were man enough to make any) will be hungry more than you are full.

Rice is already being rationed in the U.S. at sams club. And it's gonna get worse.
http://business.timesonline.co.uk/tol/business/industry_sectors/retailing/article3803738.ece

http://michaelannland.blogspot.com/2008/04/rice-rationing-in-springfield.html




When the Dollar does finaly go into the abyss, they will step in with the solution. The Amero. No one will let that happen right now, But i bet you cowards welcome it when your kids are starving.

The EXACT same process happened in Germany to start it's spiral down.

Better ge ready for King Bush Ladin. His day is close. 

There is your "CONSPIRACY" Stupid!
Why is he still the president at all?
[deleted]
I am devoted to the truth and doing the right thing.  I refuse to let some asshat bully flop around here like King of the Content, bellowing about suppressing information that made the internet free.

You post whatever the fuck you want and keep it coming.
I agree with that, This guy is crazy and has no business in the White House.

Our congress is a sellout (dems and repubs)  They all need to be tried for acts of treason.
Seymore Hersche broke this story (the covert ops portion anyway) several months ago. You idiots, as usual, are that far behind the times. Must be nice living in ignorance for a little while longer.
why go "covert" when you can just do a repeat of 2003?

we all know the drill by now: make up fake intel - bomb and invade - restore the Dollar as oil trade currency - billions in no-bid contracts for the insiders - boycott France - accuse anyone who says anything of treason.

do it during the season finale of American Idol and no one will even notice
More unprecedented than the CIA coup of their regime 50 years ago?
&gt;This widened scope clears the way, for example, for full support for the military arm of Mujahedin-e Khalq, the cultish Iranian opposition group, despite its enduring position on the State Department's list of terrorist groups.

&gt;Similarly, covert funds can now flow without restriction to Jundullah, or "army of god," the militant Sunni group in Iranian Baluchistan – just across the Afghan border -- whose leader was featured not long ago on Dan Rather Reports cutting his brother in law's throat.

Do these idiots ever learn? Isn't this how we wound up with the Taliban and al-CIAduh? Don't tell me this is unintentional "blowback" crap. This is intentional funding of terrorism, and it will come back and haunt this country. Then government can step in and "save" us all by taking away the freedoms that the terrorists supposedly hate us for.
A little while longer?  How long? If you're wrong again, do you promise to delete your reddit account?
Because sometimes, the world doesn't do what mooglor wants it to do.
Thanks for bringing up the Amero.  I felt bad totally dismissing you for being batshit insane until you made it a sure thing for me.
I don't know if the authors intended to help "sheeple wake up", but regardless of it being bullshit it's going to hurt people in the long run because they won't suspect a thing when they see "Iran" attacking us on the news.
[deleted]
I don't even care about the source.  This news is chocked full of AWESOME!

Next stop Tehran.  Get those nukes on the B52s it's Dr Strangelove time!
[deleted]
**GEORGEWASHINGTONBLOG IS SPREADING PROPAGANDA AND HE IS TOO STUPID TO REALIZE IT.  HE IS WHAT LENIN CALLED A USEFUL IDIOT**
If you are so idiot-proof why didn't you cite or link to your claim?

[Idiot.](http://www.newyorker.com/archive/2005/01/24/050124fa_fact)
[deleted]
it's 2008 - the US government doesn't give a damn if things leak and what we fucks think about it.
[deleted]
I've been reading "A Legacy of Ashes" a book detailing the history of the CIA and its constant focus on bungled covert ops.
Believe me, this is not unprecedented in scope.
For instance, the mandate given in the cold war was: "Hit the soviets everywhere you can, as hard as you can. We will give you all the money you need."

The CIA is crazy and irresponsible.
He does have a good reputation regarding this field.
[deleted]
Bush: Lets take the peacefull area of Iran and turn it into a bloody civil war area. Congress: good idea.
[deleted]
Well, it depends on your definition.
The same democrats that are behind Obama are the ones that support Congress and its democratic majority.

Where does that leave us?
Won't be much comfort here, 3 years from now. Gas will hit $7 before October. Diesel will hit $9. The consumer economy will collapse, and you'll wait in line at the grocery store to get your rations.
No way, im gonna learn to farm
Don't wait. Start tomorrow. Seriously. I've been trying for 4 months with a small garden, and it's apparent that you need to practice a bit. Hopefully I'll improve.
i was applying for an intermnship on a farm. organic. for reals.
Don't wait.
i missed it this year, so its for next. Look, im thinking ahead. No one else seems to believe we live in a shit world that could collapse.
Could? I'm not even thinking "could" anymore. I'm wondering "when", and hoping like hell I've got 2 or 3 more years.
Yeah. Sometimes I'm in a good mood, and I fantasize about living in NYC, doing this or that, and then I remember that the shit could collapse. I just quit drinking, so I think I'm gonna buy a gun or two and plenty of ammo. 

I still gotta get money and buy land and stuff.

I was thinking about www.freestateproject.com because those people would be better prepared than most.
[deleted]
And if it is? what then? People aren't going to do shit until the rich white folk start getting uncomfortable. The first revolution wasn't started by poor farmers, and I haven't seen any rich white people dumping tea in the harbor lately.
Even if they're better prepared, how will that help you personally? Be as far as away from other people as you can reasonably be. Somewhere out in the midwest or west seems pretty decent. Why pay $15,000 an acre for New Hampshire, when it's $2000 elsewhere?
No no no.... its anti-Bush, it must be true!
I need a wife, I like my family. I don't know.
kinda sounds like the pot calling the kettle black to me you fuck asshole.  dont you have anything better to do than troll reddit.  how about going out and finding a girls for instance.  dipshit.
Who else but the U.S. is going to defend the region against a nuclear Iran?  With China and N. Korea helping them with their nuclear ambitions, somebody better do something.  Waiting for the U.N. to pass another resolution won't stop them - and waiting for Europe to get off their dead collective ass won't work either.
If there were a source it wouldn't be SECRET now, would it?
&gt;He [Andrew Cockburn] lives in Washington DC.

Oh, he must be credible then. I was worried he might not be telling the truth.
Yeah, because non auto-dependent areas will be the first to collapse as a result of $10 gas.
Huh?
So get one before you move there. I didn't mean away from your family, just away from communities.
Communities aren't a bad thing.

I'm paranoid, but I'm not at yr level yet.
If they're better at feeding themselves than you are, they don't need you.

And if they're worse, they'll decide that you should feed them. Even so much that your own family goes hungry. Actually, they won't so much decide as they'll try to shoot you while asleep and just take it. Wait and see.
[deleted]
This comment you made will soon burn into your very soul. You can take that to the ban..., take it to heart. You will have no need for a bank soon.
&gt;If they're better at feeding themselves than you are, they don't need you.

This is false.  

&gt;And if they're worse, they'll decide that you should feed them.

This is largely true, but doesn't have to be.
Pics or it didn't happen.
&gt; I haven't seen any rich white people dumping tea in the harbor lately.

Hence, the reason this war is financed with additional national dept...it's the lower class that pays that in the end.
Cockburn is one of the premier researchers in his field. 

I know its true because I read it on clownpenis.fart website (yes, I also bank with them)
They're a little busy grabbing their ankles.
Sounds good. Iranian regime has to go.
How many times do you thickskulls have to hear this. Don't mess with the way other countries want to run themselves!
N.Korea doesn't have anything to do with Iran. Russia and China does. Russia is building a reactor complex and supplying the fuel, while having staff all over the complex. I assume similar ordeal with China. Look, they aren't stupid, they know of consequences of Islamists. Russia had its own streak of daily exploding buses, and China is starting to develop an islam problem as well.
Bush = Worthless Cocksucker
Debt won't get repaid, sad, but established gov'ts can do that. Since most of the money is created based on debt, the thinking goes that if we take on more debt, we can finance more stuff and more money would be around for everyone. Oh, and we don't have to pay much back, we'll just debase the currency when we have huge round of obligations due.


Too bad people don't see that as an issue.

Lower class pays ~1/3 of taxes, so it's more of a burden on the upper class if you think about it.
The CIA is a criminal enterprise masquerading as an officially sanctioned body.  It is high time its crimes were revealed and its activities *stopped* before it ruins the very nation it was 'supposed' to have protected.
And when it is proven that you are wrong and that it is in fact reality, what will you say then, eh?
People who write this kind of shit are no better than those who continue to lie to protect this administration.
Excellent news. About time.
I meant that as who is going to actually "feel" it.

The upper classes find ways to get out of paying taxes. Capital gains taxes are fixed, for the most part. Business owners can pay their taxes as a portion of profits, which is just additional cost to consumers. charitable contributions, land, farm, retirement funds, trusts, off shore banks, home purchases, etc. There are still many ways that having more money means you pay less percentage wise. 

Your 1/3 is the book keeping numbers. In reality, people's "taxes" are extremely high. People who have to use their money to actually live cannot play those tricks because they are forced to put money into the economic system that pushes money upward and feeds the rich.
While I agree with the basic necessities are threatened more with lower income workers, I have to disagree with the fact that all companies cheat on taxes. It is not always possible, and for these structures to be effective, you need to ideally own businesses from diverse industries - that way you can justify expenditures for just about anything as business expense.
Oh, no, I didn't mean "cheat." I'm saying that the system is setup that way.
&gt; This is false.

In a general sense this isn't false. Sure, maybe he has some skill or trade that makes him useful to them... but me? I'm pretty worthless. I'd have nothing to offer such people. Every man would have to decide for himself, and if most of us are honest, that statement was quite true.

&gt; This is largely true, but doesn't have to be.

Care to expand on that?
I didn't elaborate because I wasn't sure you cared :)

&gt;Every man would have to decide for himself, and if most of us are honest, that statement was quite true.

It's easy for all parties to benefit when trading with other people.  That's the basis of my claim against "If they're better at feeding themselves than you are, they don't need you."  For example, I might specialize in producing potatoes and produce 100kg of them in the time it takes you to produce a lesser 50kg of rice.  Yet still I will benefit from trading with you for some variety.  Additionally, if you specialize and say grow 100 strawberries, even if you do it badly, those will be extremely valuable to me.  And specialization is more efficient, as we know, so overall we both gain more by being able to trade.

&gt;And if they're worse, they'll decide that you should feed them.

To expand on my response that this is true but doesn't have to be-

Basically you're saying they'll, one way or another, seize your food and/or harm you.  I think you're right, the majority of people would do that.  It's already being done on a national scale.  

It doesn't have to be that way for a few reasons.  1) We can defend ourselves from their violence, and, being smarter, be better at it.  This also raises the stakes for them, the danger vs. reward for looting.  2) They would gain more by leaving you alone and producing what they can, so if they learn this, their behavior will change.
&gt; They would gain more by leaving you alone and producing what they can, so if they learn this, their behavior will change.

In truth, this could be so. However, it won't work out that way. Me, you, a few others that are preparing will have more to start with. They might have little, or even nothing at all.

And when bellies are empty, men are savages. I'm not sure they'll listen to you telling them they should grow their own vegetables.
I agree.

This is why guns and remote locations are important in this case :p
I wonder how many congressional votes it would take to ratify the constitution so that Bush could actually run a third term. That would be awesome! (joking) I wouldn't put it past congress at this point. Pelosi will probably propose the legislation.
Wrong... Iran, Syria, Venezuela, N. Korea, Russia and China. This is the axis of evil - allied forces. 

N. Korea is Iran's nuclear testing grounds.
I don't think the rich are well known for revolutions... it's the poor, and it wasn't the rich that dumped the tea in the harbor.

The rich are always comfortable, until the poor revolt.
I'm curious how you're jumping to such conclusions? I'm not mocking you, I'd like to know.
Why do I have to cite commonly known info? Do I have to site 2 + 2 = 4?
[Okay](http://youtube.com/watch?v=OnUWcjXvdlo)
Well obviously.  I think the question that everyone's dancing around, and no one wants to just come out and ask is: should he be President?  Is he qualified?  And are you sure the votes were counted correctly?
Make no mistake, the Sons of Liberty were not poor commoners.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sons_of_Liberty

Summary:
If they're better at feeding themselves than you are, they don't need you.
I don't even care about the source.
I just looked at your posts .
I think you're right, the majority of people would do that.
I was thinking about www.freestateproject.com because those people would be better prepared than most.
And if they're worse, they'll decide that you should feed them.
It doesn't have to be that way for a few reasons.
This is largely true, but doesn't have to be.
&gt;If they're better at feeding themselves than you are, they don't need you.
That's the basis of my claim against "If they're better at feeding themselves than you are, they don't need you."
And it's gonna get worse.
If there were a source it wouldn't be SECRET now, would it?
This guy does have a point.
I was worried he might not be telling the truth.
You do :(

If you decide to seek help I know some excellent sources.
&gt; This is largely true, but doesn't have to be.
I agree with that, This guy is crazy and has no business in the White House.
Oh, no, I didn't mean "cheat."
The upper classes find ways to get out of paying taxes.
I'm not even thinking "could" anymore.
No way, im gonna learn to farm.
If he followed the Constitution, we would not be in this mess.
dont you have anything better to do than troll reddit.
&gt;And if they're worse, they'll decide that you should feed them.
We have been telling you for years this was coming.
Even if they're better prepared, how will that help you personally?
Don't mess with the way other countries want to run themselves!
I think we're both being heavily trolled.
Must be a good guy.
If I stopped communicating the truth, hundreds of millions of other Americans would keep doing so.
They might have little, or even nothing at all.
People aren't going to do shit until the rich white folk start getting uncomfortable.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.21
