Original Response:
[deleted]
Absolutely horrible.  Its so sad that all the girl needed was a $20 bottle of insulin from Walgreens.....
Well, apparently god had other plans.
"Call on God, but row away from the rocks."
God was busy playing Gran Turismo. He'll get to you in a sec.

Fucking time trials...
[deleted]
These guys should go to jail
[deleted]
Where is your god now?
[deleted]
imagine that...
[deleted]
Reminds me of that old joke/parable

http://wellspringfellowship.wordpress.com/2008/02/07/an-old-joke-or-a-parable-in-disguise/

They live in a world where we have intelligent men who have found a cure for her illness decades before it even happened!  If you're religious then you should believe God created the world this way so that there would be a cure already there for her.

Would they pray for and end to their thirst if they were surrounded by water?  Of course not.  But they're surrounded by medicine and they pray for a cure.
This is why there needs to be a test before procreation; Apparently natural selection doesn't work fast enough.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Guess he didn't favor you as much as you thought.  Meanwhile, this just in, Muslim girl saved by antibiotics.
She died for your sins. She came back for your brains.
You mean they are *not* going to jail?!
[deleted]
I think her parents are right on the mark. The only problem was they were out-prayed by another group who had MORE faith and wanted the girl dead. Presumably because she was using witchcraft to turn townsfolk into gay newts.
Dumb Dumb Dumb Dumb. Dumb.

How is that we have such "type" of people ?

There are so many of them, in all parts of the world of every religion.

What happened to "God helps those who help themselves".

When such people are hungry, do they just pray to God almighty that they will have food on table, and in their mouth and then suddenly in their stomach ?

All with approval and actions of God ?

Why just stop at praying for healing ?

Should those people be blamed who made them this way ? Their priest ? Their Church / Temple / Synagogue / Mosque ?
+1 Evolution
This sounds fake...
Yea, i was hoping the girl would come back as a zombie so she could bitch slap her parents.
Wasn't this an old Babylon 5 episode?

Where's Dr. Franklin when you need him?
Sadly, there is no joking about this. But even if there was, you gotta actually post the joke - not just "insert joke here" which is ridiculously lame.
Arrest them for criminal negligence.

They ignored her problem with stupidity and let her die.
See... this is what happens when people have a warped view of what "having faith" in God means.

Hate to get all semantic, but, the root in Aramaic is more closely tied to one's own actions, (resolve, confidence or certainty) the root in Greek is related to loyalty. whereas the English is rooted in a Latin word more closely associated with blind trust or belief (fides).

One should be careful what you wish for if all you're going to do is wish.

When you pray to God for an end to your daughter's illness and don't have the resolve to do anything about it yourself, don't be surprised when the disease is ended but not in the way you wanted.  Even in Paul's lengthy explanation of faith in Hebrews Ch. 11, the people aren't sitting around praying... they are acting, and by acting resolutely, the will of God was fulfilled through faith.

Not that I believe in all that schlock anymore.  But if you're going to rely on faith, according to the Bible, at least know what the Bible says.

Theological debates aside, these people are monsters and should be put in jail for a long, long time.
&gt;The girl's parents, Dale and Leilani Neumann, attributed the death to "apparently they didn't have enough faith," the police chief said.

Actually, the problem was that they had a little too much faith.

&gt;The mother believes the girl could still be resurrected, the police chief said.

*brain explodes*
[prayer](http://freethoughtpedia.com/images/Prayer_motivational.jpg)
"The girl's parents, Dale and Leilani Neumann, attributed the death to "apparently they didn't have enough faith," the police chief said."

??!!?!

These people are rotting in jail right now, correct?  Manslaughter child abuse and neglect at least.  Or is this one of those communities where everybody including the cops think Jebus will take care of everything?
Of course they won't feel guilty, they'll say it wasn't part of god's plan to let her live.

If they don't go to jail then we live in a sicker world than I thought.
Darwin Award.
A buddy of mine was in a horrible motorcycle accident. Doctors said he wouldn't live, and even if he did, he'd never walk again. He's alive and well today, living happily, albeit in a wheelchair.

I was in a horrible accident once, too. I didn't break my back, but rather my skull. Doctors told my parents I wouldn't live, and even if I did, I'd be brain damaged. Well, I lived. I'll leave the accuracy of the rest of their prediction as an exercise to the reader.

My grandfather had cancer for many years before he finally died. He was only supposed to live a few months after having been diagnosed, but wound up hanging in there several times longer than that.

...and that's just my little slice of the world. Of course, there are countless other stories out there like mine and like yours.

My theory? Religion didn't save any of these people. Doctors predict the worst because then whatever winds up happening can only ever be the same or better. They have to; this way, when people fare better than diagnosed, it's good news. If they fared worse, well... no one wants that, so I think doctors try to make that impossible.

To you, it might be a miracle. Okay. But you can't prove a miracle. You can prove medicine.

And when someone's health is the line, you shouldn't be hoping on something unproven; you should be trying something that *is*. It's that simple.
Ahh prayer.

If she had gotten better, it would be a miracle, but since she didn't, they just didn't have enough faith.
Pics or it didn't happen. This sort of "religous people are stoopid" articles are written all the time, and while they are occasionally correct, more than a few of them are made up.
&gt;The girl has three siblings, ranging in age from 13 to 16, the police chief said. 
"They are still in the home," he said. "There is no reason to remove them. There is no abuse or signs of abuse that we can see."


I beg to fucking differ.
Dead, sadly - http://edition.cnn.com/2004/SHOWBIZ/TV/05/25/obit.biggs/index.html
The one it reminds me of is the guy who is on top of his roof and the flood waters are rising fast.

The water is up to the awning of the roof when a boat comes by and asks him to jump in. 

The man responds: Don't worry about me, God will save me!

A few hours later the water is up to his feet and there's no roof left to stand on. Another boat comes by and the rescuers beg him to climb aboard.

The man responds: Don't worry about me, God will save me!

A while later the water is up to his neck, and he's standing on his tippy toes, when a third boat comes by begging him to get in.

The man responds: Don't worry about me, God will save me!

20 minutes later, the man drowns. As he's standing before god in the final judgement, he asks god "I waited all day in the rising flood waters god. Why didn't you save me?

god responds: I sent three boats after your stupid ass, what more do you want?
Yeah, we always repeated this one in my Boy Scout troop. I still laugh at it :)
[The problem is that as your daughter was getting sick the Lord gave you the power of the holy spirit and you gave it away to all of your friends](http://www.americaslastdays.com/?page=theyshall-leilani)


Way to fuck it up, Neumann.
According to the police chief, there were no signs of foul play :/
That might be where I heard it too actually... I went to the even more religious version of boy scouts called Royal Rangers. I can't believe I just admitted that...
this happens every day in the united states, it is called "christian science."
I'm not sure why people are downvoting you...

I kind of always thought that God sort of set things in motion at 'the beginning' (at the big bang?) and then just sits back and let the universe do it's thing. 

I'd bet for every unbelievable miracle there are an equal number of senseless tragedies/freak accidents.

I just don't think that God doles out more miracles to believers than non-believers. Or vice-versa. That doesn't seem to be the case, anyway.

And the idea that God chooses which miracles to perform and for who, and which tragedies he 'allows' does not make sense. How would he decide? 

I'm so happy for your brother and your family. He sounds like an amazing kid!
In the abundance of water, the fool is thirsty.

-Bob Marley

Edit: in this context I suppose Bob should have taken his own advice huh? He refused medical help for his cancer because Rastas "dont let a razor on their locks or their skin."
God ended their daughter's disease in only a month.  If that's not a service-oriented deity, I don't know what is.
Natural selection at work.
Did you not see the link at the bottom?

http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,341574,00.html
That's monsterous. The more Reddit I read, the more I appreciate UK law.
This sort of thing doesn't suprise me.  With the commercialization of medicine.. healing for (BIG) profit, who can you trust?  There are so many cures out there that you will never hear about because they don't make someone any money.

I just had a daughter.  It was intended to be a home birth but due to some complications we made the decision that it would be safer at the hospital.  But, after we arrived at the hospital I had to refuse about half of the prodecured they wanted to perform on my daughter and was treated like an ass because of it.

As soon as she was born theycut her cord.  This is done because the doc is in a hurry... instead of letting the rest of the blood from the placenta and cord flow into my daughter and then cut the cord once it shrivels the doc cuts it right away.  When we protest he just says that it's not been proven that it helps to wait.  Next they wanted to intebate her even though she came out screaming.  Intebating is seperating her vocal cords and sticking a tube in to suction any foreign matter out.  The AMA (american medical association) has recently come out and said that baby's should not be intebated if they come out screaming.  They still wanted to do this on my baby even though I protested and their out association the AMA said not to.  I got treated like an ass because I told them not to and stuck to my guns.

I can't believe how many comments I read here that they should go to jail.  Do we really want the government telling us how to deal with out childrens medical problems.  I think that sounds like a pretty frightening world.

I don't see where any of you get off telling other people how to raise their children.  Even if it's a very strange belief to you all, deal with it.  Apparently us americans do a lot of things that the rest of the world think is pretty fucked up.  Judge not, lest.

Oh, and as far as they're concerned, their child is now in heaven.  Sounds like a winning game to me.  You heathens.
[deleted]
She believes she could still be... resurrected? These are the people we need to convince about evolution? With... hmmmm... *rational arguments*? Yeah, good luck with that.
Good. The parents deserve it if they fucking think praying does any good. Complete morons. These people would be eligible for stupidest pricks in the world.

They should be locked up But they wouldn't mind, they would pray and pray till the day they're released and it won't change shit.
Well, at least the parents don't have aspergers!
oh well! guess god didn't like her any more than he liked New Orleans, right Pat?
I'm praying for a criminal investigation.  Let's see if my God listens.
no, in America, using god as an excuse for anything is acceptable
breeders steeped in dogma will either
a) take over, breeding furiously without contraception, and follow the idiocracy-model
or
b) be the cause of their own demise; darwin awards for all
Jesus wanted her in heaven duh!!!
[deleted]
Somewhere laughing his ass off.
Uh oh. You'd better prepare for the Internetz. &gt;:)
[deleted]
You made some excellent points that deserve serious consideration.  A friend of mine recently went through something similar when her health plan forced her to have her baby at a hospital and not in a birthing center, which was her preference.  She ended up being bullied into taking drugs to speed up delivery, which led to tearing and, later, infection.

I think a big difference here, though, is that asking your doctors to refrain from cutting your baby's umbilical cord so quickly and/or intubating her was not going to put her life on the line.  

The family of that girl watched her decline for as long as a month (according to the investigators, yes, but it had to have been a few weeks at least).  It's just sad that they didn't decide their faith was insufficient before she was gone.
[deleted]
His post is gone now, so I have only my memory to call from, but I think he was being down-voted because he inferred that religion/prayer and the like saved his brother. Since this article is precisely about a tragedy that may have been prevented by avoiding that line of thinking, I feel it fair to frown upon trying to push the very idea which killed this girl.
Well, they got better.
As a person with diabetes that is a horrible way to die! It is bad enough to deal with high blood sugar for 1 day but 30 days of nausea, vomiting, excessive thirst, loss of appetite and weakness. Your body feeds on itself since it can't break down what you eat. Your blood is so full of sugar it can't transport stuff as it should. She suffered a horrible death because her parents wouldn't give her a simple shot. I'm afraid of how the other children will die. Hopefully they can pray away strep, flu, and all the other stuff children get.
[deleted]
I have to believe that even the most hardened anti-religion redditor would understand that these people are not indicative of even a tiny percentage of Christians, Muslims, Hindus or whatever.

Actually, reading the Fox news article linked at the bottom of the page, you will find this:
&gt;The family does not attend an organized church or participate in an organized religion, Vergin said. "They have a little Bible study of a few people".

Granted, if you want to jump on the anti-theist bandwagon, this seems like a great article to point to while you laugh at the stupid religious people.  The facts are though, that this is one example out of the millions of people in the US who believe in a supreme power.  If these parents represented even 1/100th of 1 percent of them, then this news story would be repeated every day somewhere in the US.

The facts are that most theists in this situation get the kid to the doctor first, and then pray for guidance and wisdom for the doctor, and thank God for his blessings of modern medicine.


Side note:  Lets assume these people fancied themselves as Christians.  Their actions went directly against the teachings of Jesus, as seen in [Mathew, chapter 4, verses 5-7](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%204:5-7;&amp;version=46;)
In the US, insanity masquerading as 'religious freedom' is protected by the Constitution.  If you want to be a nut and let yourself die, fine.  But we should protect children and others who can't self-advocate.  The parents have already proven that they medically neglect their children.  If you are poor and you don't take your kids to the doctor when they're sick, the DCF gets involved.  Why not when you're crazy?
they didn't ignore her problem, they asked the invisible magic man in the sky to make it go away!  what more could a fundie do?
the new Republican plan for universal healthcare?
Ohkaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay, just a few things:

1) are you sure it's not "intubated"? I can't seem to find much in Google about "intebated". Not that i'm any kind of medical expert.

2) I don't know about where people get off telling others how to raise their children, but these people didn't raise her. She's dead. 

3) "Apparently us americans do a lot of things..." These people are idiots, irrespective of their nationality. 

4) "Oh, and as far as they're concerned, their child is now in heaven. Sounds like a winning game to me." - not for her
Accept responsibility and also allow people to practise safe sex without being referred to as tools of Satan?

Here's hoping.
So Mr. Selfish felt his brother was more important than this girl?  I wonder why he was voted down...
&gt;I don't see where any of you get off telling other people how to raise their children. Even if it's a very strange belief to you all, deal with it.

So if they believe they should cut out their children's hearts and burn them on an altar to Satan, we should "just deal with it"?
God doesn't pay more than $10 for that.  I think he's got some sort of discount card.
Aside from a Cylon, is there anything that you hate more than a Sagittaron?
[deleted]
Dude... so did I, how embarrassing. It was only because my parents made me though.
[deleted]
No, what he said was that as an agnostic, it made him think. 

I honestly think he was trying to make a counter-point to the article. 

I think his story reinforced the randomness of life &amp; death.
see below :-)
This hit a soft spot with me. My best friend when I was a kid had very religious parents and they refused to take him when he was gravely ill with pneumonia. After forcing my mom ( a nurse)to visit him and asses his condition she called an ambulance, while my friends mother opposed and felt prayer would heal him. He died in the hospital and the doctors said that they had waited too long and he was gone. I still carry his death with me and always feel I should have done more sooner. Perhaps this is why I am so bitter against religion, it took a good person too soon.
The doctors were right. 
You are an ass.
I'm glad your child survived but it could have turned out really bad because of your stupid ass attitude. People like you create this frightening world.
I never understood why so many think God will fix all of their problems for them. Is He a babysitter?
where was god
&gt;...the more I appreciate any-western-country-which-isn't-America's law

Fixed that for you.
I definitely missed the "agnostic" part, since I'm nearly positive he started the post with "You only hear about the times when religion was wrong and science was right, but you never hear about the flip side". After reading about this girl, that is the *wrong* way to start a reply. Regardless of your intent, there's just no coming back from the inference that there are times when religion is right and science is wrong.

It'd definitely be easier to discuss this if the post had not been deleted.
James 5:13-15

If you are having trouble, you should pray. And if you are feeling good, you should sing praises. If you are sick, ask the church leaders to come and pray for you. Ask them to put olive oil on you in the name of the Lord. If you have faith when you pray for sick people, they will get well. The Lord will heal them, and if they have sinned, he will forgive them.
You're right to isolate this as non-indicative, but for me it raises the question of how much help the praying would have been if she had been taken to the doctor anyway?

My feeling is that had she recovered after being given medical help, then i'm sure dear old god would have somehow still been given the majority of the credit for it.
&gt;I can't believe how many comments I read here that they should go to jail.

They knew she was sick.  She was sick for a month.  They did *nothing* to help her during that time.  As her parents, they are responsible for her well-being.  If not jail, they should certainly be in a mental institution.

&gt;Oh, and as far as they're concerned, their child is now in heaven. Sounds like a winning game to me. You heathens.

Are you a troll or a fucking simpleton?  If it's so great, why don't you stop eating and join her?
I think we need a subset of Darwin Awards for things like this. How about Hitchens Award? 

Or Darwin Award with Hitchens Cluster?
Pathetic attempt at validating religion.
"It's a pray-off, mothafucka'!"
How will going to jail reform them?
All the guilt should rest on your friend's parents. I'd say you did more than could be expected.

Of course, your friend's mom probably doesn't have any guilt whatsoever.
No, its not one thing to have faith.  Faith is a stupid, childish superstition based on nothing but a story with no factual basis.  

How about they stop praying to that invisible camera in the sky and do something with the help of modern science that has developed over the last centuries.
"worldnews" is for non-US news.

[http://reddit.com/info/6dfss/comments/](http://reddit.com/info/6dfss/comments/) is properly categorized.

EDIT: Nevermind.
Don't interfere with Darwin's work.
I hope you take some time to read about what Darwin thought about eugenics.

He didn't advocate letting the 'weak' humans suffer any more than the next man. His theory was minor changes would cause evolution to happen slowly and if we try to interfere with eugenics we will cause evolution to stagnate. Let the best succeed but don't let the worst suffer for no good reason either.
So what you're saying is that the majority of believers know their beliefs are total bullshit, yet still adhere to them.  Now that is a great definition of "stupid".
Funnily enough, it was when i saw that i began to doubt it's veracity...
Yes, an imaginary babysitter.
I concede that the bible makes no mention of insulin.
So, an olive oil shover should take care of it then?
He did until it was too late.  But he did in the end.  Probably because religion eventually failed before a cocktail of intelligence mixed with fear.
[deleted]
I don't want to get in to an argument about appropriate punishments for crimes. My point was, this should be considered a crime.

Edit: Huh, your reply is for the parent comment. My mistake.
it's all MC hammer's fault with that song
Religions should be illegal
providing imaginary services aka wishful thinking.
God brought about the inspiration for medical science in my view: his gift is our free will and aspiration for knowledge.
[deleted]
how is it natural selection? the girl didn't decide to 'pray away' her illness, her stupid parents did. it's murder as a result of negligence, and those idiot parents should be in jail for it.
[deleted]
So I see the expected reddit response of "death to religion; all hail science". But what I don't understand is why most people are pro-choice, but then are up in arms over this. Why is it that swimming out the vagoo is the key event to giving a child the right to live?
[deleted]
Nobody said it was. You're an idiot.
[deleted]
It's not so much the whole "being born" thing that gives the child the right to live, but the whole "not being a child" thing that gives the mother the right to terminate the pregnancy.
Yes, her stupid parents were so dumb, they were single handedly responsible for the death of their child. Their genes will not be passed on through her. Natural selection at work.
What confuses me is that these people are supposed to be all against role playing games and stuff.

And yet.. they act like Clerics all trying to heal people through prayer and shit.

I'm sorry, but that doesn't work. And if it ever does it would only work for the holiest of holy prophets as supposedly it has done in the past.

Not for some regular schmo.
Ok, I reread it.
He's still being an ass for interfering with a doctor doing his job just because he read something on the internet. Checking for obstructions in the esophagus is not going to kill a child but by not could be fatal. Error on the side of caution, better safe than sorry, shall I continue?
[deleted]
&gt;With the commercialization of medicine.. healing for (BIG) profit, who can you trust?

Yes, there is still a lot of debate about the benfit of INSULIN for DIABETICS.

I think the reason you were treated like an ass at the hospital is fairly apparent.  By the way, **less than half** of American doctors belong to the AMA, so it isn't "their out association" that "said not to".  I suppose you, who wanted a home birth, also follow all the other recommendations of the AMA.

Or are you one of those people who supports an organization/idea/text when it says what you want it to say and dismisses it when it doesn't?
This shows that state has to have a proper control over childcare and medical attention. There is no excuse of belief or what so ever about this position if it includes death or not.
&gt;Why not when you're crazy?

Because religion is privileged in the United States.  

Here's one group in the United States that gets away with imbibing the illegal drug dimethyltryptamine because they claim it gives them a greater understanding of God:  [Uniao do Vegetal](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uni%C3%A3o_do_Vegetal)

Religion (and religion alone) gets a "get out of jail free card," where other frames of mind or motivators would almost certainly have you knocking your tin can against the bars or shifting uncomfortably in a straight jacket.
God moves in mysterious ways... :-p
Penn and Teller have an excellent description of this in one of their books.

Left with no treatment, one of three things will happen:

1. They get better.
2. They stay the same.
3. They get worse.

Regardless of what happens, you have a response!

1. It worked!
2. We arrested it!
3. We needed more of it!
God is telling me to rob a bank...
Only if they get sick.
You prayed us back? Now it's *on*!
As ridiculous as I find religion as a whole to be, this comment impressed me. It seems like the anti-religion people say stupid shit like the guy below this comment ("Religions should be illegal" -- okay, pal, so should you), or they're like the idiot parents in the article. I'm not personally convinced, but I think this comment is a good compromise.
Chances are, it will not reform them.  It will however make future parents think twice about being ignorant religious zealots and not providing adequate health care.  I feel sorry for the girl never having a chance.

The fact is, their (the parents) inaction resulted in the girls death.  Therefore, they are responsible for her death.  If it's not murder, it's manslaughter.
yeah.... there are mostly only pathetic attempts.
Not having guilt is the primary benefit to believing that a God is responsible for everything.
What they won't tell you is that her parents favored presidential candidate Barack Obama over Hillary Clinton.

Mrs. Clinton used her power and influence over God to make sure the prayers were ignored.
Then you're crazy. That's a probation-en'.
[deleted]
The more extremist believe that if you have enough faith God will absolutely do everything to help fix your problem. If your problem is not fixed and you suffer it was, absolutely, a result of you not having enough faith.

Note: I said the more extreme, this is not mainstream (that I know of).
That's the kicker. You can take away prayer and nothing changes. 

Take away medicine/science/logic and the girl dies.

Everyone's an atheist about 99% of gods...
Aren't they all?
Damn him for not singing about the benefits of insulin.
Yeah, fuck newts!
Then on what grounds are local authorities failing to investigate these morons for neglect re: provision of medical care???  Eegads.
We can only assume what the "real" situation was at the time. Imagine being the doctor who has successfully delivered a lot of children having a worried father tell you how to do your job. Distractions from a paranoid father (you did read the rest of his illogical rant?)is not what the doctor, the mother, or child needs during or immediately after a birthing.
[deleted]
[deleted]
No, **worldnews** is for news that is likely to be interesting to people all over the world, who don't necessarily care about the politics of a particular country.
I think I recall reading somewhere that in the US, parents/legal guardians have the right to refuse treatment for children under 16. I know that's not the case in the UK; could someone confirm this?
[deleted]
This makes me so angry. Why the hell do people waste their time with this crap.

I will say this, the worst thing you can ever do as a parent is coax them into following a religious belief.
Hm, that's a much more sensible reading of the subreddit description.
Remember, you say that thinking from the beliefs that science is "better" than religion and not everyone shares those principals.
Only if the religion in question is Christianity.
How many stories are there with headlines like:
&gt;Girl Dies After Parents Take Her to Hospital

At the end of the day, everyone dies.
Religion is for suckers.  I dare you to prove otherwise.
Some are more heinous / devious.
um.. no, 

take your bias out and beat it.. it's old and dirty.
So does religion allow them to keep the girl's body or do they at least have to properly bury her?
I suppose that doesn't matter. They probably think she has to be buried for three days first anyway. :(
now see, I knew this kind of comment would come from this story.  As a person of faith I can say that these people acted foolishly.  they did not act foolishly because they have faith, they acted foolishly because they misunderstood ... just about everything about their faith.  Refusing medical attention is not a Christian principal.
[deleted]
&gt;&gt;"It will however make future parents think twice about being ignorant religious zealots and not providing adequate health care."


no it won't.

You don't understand faith at all.
Religion should be open to critique and have its status to the contrary removed. Religion should not be illegal, nor should any act of thought.
You won't beat us this time!  We hired some *monks*!
What?!!  I plan on living forever and so far it's working out exactly according to plan.
&gt;How about they stop praying to that invisible camera in the sky

...and start praying to the cameras they're installing on your traffic lights and in your neighborhoods?
But Christianity is the *only* religion.  Everything else is a monstrosity that we must purify with fire in the name of the Lord...or possibly Dick Cheney, I can't remember which.
No Christian faith does not involve praying for healing.  But my point is that ignorance of the power of prayer (based on no evidence but the word of the Bible that God loves you and will help you) caused this death.  

Education about modern medicine would have been the answer for these parents because they would have known there was a cure that was out there for their daughter.  

But faith is still childish and foolish.  Christian faith has caused the stop of stem cell research which could save a lot more people with more cures for diseases.  

This is also not a Christian principal to all christians but it is for most of them.  Again the more educated they were about the advances in modern medicine the more accepting they would be of stem cell research and other more advanced (possibly radical) research.  

As education about the sciences increases, the belief and faith in religion tends to go down.  Only a few highly educated individuals are religious and I tend to believe they are not completely religious but just unknowing of what is out there in the universe.  That is fine, that is how I am, I don't know whats out there.  No one does.  

But picking and choosing which parts of the bible you believe and which parts you don't isn't a choice of yours as a christian. It is all the word of God, he wouldn't put it there if he didn't mean it or want you to believe it completely, right?
No for that you go out and vote for candidates that respect your privacy.
There aren't very many of those left in America anymore.

...Well, maybe Ron Pa(shot)
Exactly who I voted for.  It is sad but you are right, there aren't many left here.
You know in that same state if your dog gets sick and you don't take it to the vet, you can be arrested for animal cruelty.

But you can let your kid die a long slow death and it's no problemo!
&gt;Girl Dies After Parents Pray for Healing Instead of Seeking Medical Help

It's like a Darwin Award, once removed.
It was wrong for these parents to refuse their child medical treatment.  They mis-understood what their faith says.  God does not solve every little problem in your life; god does not answer every single prayer you make in the way you want.  God isnt your personal butler.  

God will give you exactly what He knows you need, and sometimes a little bit more.  These parents did not need God to heal their child.  Their child had a very treatable disease and it was well within their power to give their child a fulfilling life without depending on God.  They were greedy.  They demanded something of God when they fully knew that they didnt need it.

You dont need to pick and choose parts of the Bible in order to fix your own problems when they are within your power.  In fact, you would need to pick and choose in order to believe what these parents believed.  

you have your right to call faith stupid.  But claiming that all people with faith use their faith in this sort of manner is ignorant and false.  As a Christian I support stem cell research, and I support the use of technology and science.  

Im not so closed minded as to believe that faith and science are in direct opposition to each other.  we were given brains; we were meant to use them.
This, unfortunately, is true.
I work in the psych ward from time to time and most of the nuts are extremely religious kind of like that leader guy with a monkey face.
The same [Joke](http://reddit.com/info/6ajja/comments/c03btqp) again and again.
Paul respects privacy? I guess that doesn't apply to the reproductive rights of women.
I never said that all people use their faith the same way.  I'm saying all religious people use some sort of faith based on nothing to make decisions in the real world that affect themselves and other people.  Some have negative effects, some have no effect but they do make their choices with faith in mind.

If you choose to make some decisions based on evidence and some based on faith then you are picking and choosing.  

I'm looking more towards the difference in ancient bible teachings from centuries back that caused the killing and persecution of those not following strictly within the bible's teachings compared to now a day christians.  Where people have the ability to choose which parts of the bible are factually correct and are actual moral guidelines, and which parts don't apply to them and they choose to ignore them.  Some believe the bible completely, some choose to only accept a few things at the most basic level.

Acceptance of homosexuals, and other moral things that some Christians strongly oppose and some accept but still call themselves christians confuses me.  

How can you, being the little human being you are in God's planned universe, make the decision on what is morally right and what is morally wrong when you are supposed to follow God's guidelines specifically laid out in the bible?  If they are an ultimately omnipotent being then who are you to choose which parts of the bible you follow and which you don't.
These people are flat out fucking delusional, and should be committed to a mental care facility, after serving out a lengthy prison term.
"God helps those who help themselves"--Benjamin Franklin
Of course she doesn't feel guilty; her baby is with god now!

I'm generally a peaceful person, but I can imagine feeling no guilt after emptying a clip into her head.
He follows the constitution.  Maybe he personally wants to spy on you all the time, but because the rule of law says we are entitled to our privacy he follows that.  Just like the issue of abortion is a state-wide and even county-wide decision to be made.  Not a federal one.  So he, opposing abortion, would not put a law on the federal books one way or the other.  He would leave it in the hands of the states.  Which is what the constitution says.  Same with drug laws.  We have state laws for them, but the federal ban on drugs exists.  It shouldn't which is why he would abolish it as well.
No... it's not.
I cannot make the decision on what is morally right and wrong.  I can only spend my life seeking the will and the heart of God so that I may understand His judgements.  And that is what we are called to do.  

The Bible does not say that stem cell research is wrong.  I dont see how me deciding if it's good or bad based on the facts is "picking and choosing."  The Bible says that homosexuality is a sin, but it also says to love people.  and thats how I treat the issue.  I have homosexual freinds.  All my friends sin, in one way or another.  and so do I.  hating someone because they have one particular sin under their belt is un-christian.  this is not picking and choosing.  this is adhering to Gods will.
"A witty saying proves nothing."--Voltaire
This kind of thing happens all the time. I witnessed it firsthand in my church. Everyone is like "God is the best doctor" and "Don't trust the real doctors, they don't know anything".

We had one woman sick with cancer refusing to get treatment, saying that this is her destiny and that God sent this on to her so that he can prove how great he is and to heal her so that she becomes a testimony for him. 

Eventually though pastor talked her out of it. I bet he was like, "I'm not taking a hit for this one".
stupidity that embedded into a persons psyche isn't going to go away, this should be added to the list of crimes that warrant the death penalty

there's nothing wrong with praying....and there is also nothing wrong with GOING TO THE FUCKING DOCTOR
[deleted]
Because for some bizarre reason, they think the tools God gave us the wisdom and power to create should not be used to sustain life and ease pain and suffering. When their car breaks down, they'll take it to a repair shop, not pray for it to work once again. If their grass starts to die from lack of water, they'll turn on a sprinkler, not pray for rain. If they drop an ashtray, they'll glue it back together, not pray for God to fuse the broken pieces back together. But if their daughter is dying, suddenly everything is different -- they'll pray, instead of using tools God gave man the intellect to develop. It's OK to use your God-given human intelligence to fix a broken ashtray, but your daughter doesn't deserve it.

Not a believer here, but referencing God helps show how ridiculous this whole thing is.
there's nothing wrong with praying....and there is also nothing wrong with GOING TO THE FUCKING DOCTOR
Well you are entitled to your opinion.  As long as you do not cause harm to others based on your religious beliefs I do not have a problem with them. 

I just personally feel that religion, that has the framework to create people that would cause harm to others assuming they are doing god's work or are called to do it by the bible (or koran, etc.) is harmful to humanity.  

All the things that you said you do (love other people, seek the truth of life and understanding why we are here) are all things atheists do but we seek them through the real world around us.  We don't use ancient texts to guide us.  We use our own moral upbringings from family and friends to do what you do.  Treat those as you wish to be treated is a good one.

There will always be evil people in the world, believing in god or not.  Religion is just a way to take an otherwise good, kind person and cause them to do evil things in the name of religion.  

To each his own I guess.  Just don't go harming others :P
What properties makes it a child? Or I guess more precisely in the legal realm, a citizen?
You don't need to pray for healing, God has already provided doctors.
My father believed that laughter was the best medicine.  Which is probably why my brothers died of tuberculosis.  - Jack Handy
But it was God's plan! RESPECT DA CHIEF. 

NAT.
The chances of a person getting diabetes are significantly higher if a sibling has it.

Having had ketoacidosis myself... ugh, what a horrible way to die!  (Not saying there aren't lots of worse ways... but this would really really suck.)
"I am the walrus, goo goo g'joob."--John Lennon
intebation isn't 'checking for obstructions' it's seperating your vocal chords so they can stick a tube into your lungs.  It's somethign they would never do to an adult without putting you out.
Yes. /b/tards and their ceiling cat
So how does that freedom of religion work out for you guys?
And here I thought that because of technology natural selection no longer occurs amongst humans.
*As long as it's not Islam

Fixed. :(
It happened something similar here, a couple had three sons and there was a leak of gas, the couple and the children were feeling sick and, instead of going to see a doctor or getting out of the house they went to see their Catholic priest who advised them to go back home and start praying. All the children except one died, his mother said one of her kids was alive because of God's "grace".
Heresy is for the damned. I dare you to prove otherwise.

*Edit: Read up on [Kant](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kant#Kant.27s_philosophy). He makes the points i echo here a lot better than I do.*

We have two different schools of thought, both of which are supported by the insight inherent in each, be it faith or logic, and neither of which can be refuted, except for by the wisdom of the other philosophy. 
So if you're religious, your faith in your respective gospel shows you you're right and the rest are wrong. You don't care that logic seems to show there's no god, because logic can't refute gospel.
On the other hand, if you're a believer of science, then you have faith in logic which shows you that you're right and the rest are wrong. You don't care that gospel seems to show you there's more to what is than what your logic says, because gospel isn't supported by logic.

Ignoring one set of beliefs as if yours is the All Correct way of thinking only breeds contempt and hate. Think about how much contempt you have for religious nuts, and consider that a person can sound just as close minded for being so dismissive of religion in favor of a pure science perspective. 

*Note, I'm using the term 'religion' loosely. Think of it as synonymous with 'spirituality' here. It's not the rules and standards that are important, the faith is.*
I found this statement amusing. Depending on how you look at our species and its adaptations, it is logical to say that our modern medicine is "interfering with Darwin's work." That, in fact, by allowing people to fight through their sicknesses, or die, the species slowly adapts to be resistant or immune to the disease. 

Of course, we're so far gone now that our only course of action is intensive research into medicine. One could argue that with our fancy brains, research into medicine is itself adaptation.
1.  sorry for my misspelling ;)
2.  it was their decision and it was the best one for them, apparently.
3.  you're right.  people are idiots, not just americans.
4.  well, if you believe in heaven or some sort of afterlife then ... yeah, from what I'm told that heaven place is a little better then life on earth.  I dunno.  I'm an atheist but I don't go telling anyone else how to live or raise their children.
Further proof that having children should be a privilege and not a right.  I'm gonna pray to the pagan god of Shiva that those parents get to suffer and die the same way their daughter did.  F*ing idiots.

http://wtcctr.blogspot.com
Ooh, You got served (with an arrest warrant for criminal child neglect)!
The term "heresy" has no objective meaning.  The term only exists based upon conditions held by believers of the system being opposed/questioned.  Since spiritual damnation cannot be proven without relying upon insular and circular "faith-based" foundations, your challenge is useless.

Since the "bible" is loaded with contradictions it is an unreliable source.  You killed anyone recently for working on a Saturday?  Or perhaps stoned to death a son who was misbehaving?

Let's be clear about something:  I'm not debating religion versus science.  The two are rhetorically further apart than, say, the chemical makeup of sand and water.  Science doesn't have to *replace* religion just to prove religion is a bane to humankind.  Spirituality is a distraction designed to make frightened people feel good about themselves.  It also lends itself to keeping the weak-minded complacent with their idiocy.  Religion, more often than not, also encourages (or, in the case of the Catholic Church, orders) its followers to breed without pregnancy planning so more followers can *join the team*, as it were.

I do not hate religious people.  I just want them to stop deluding themselves, deluding others, and/or controlling others.  Whichever one of those outcomes their particular brand happens to fertlize, in all cases religion holds mankind back from engaging in reason and mental growth.
This is a common track the religious follow when unable to make an actual argument – they attempt to bring science down to their level (by belittling it as a "belief"), or rather elevate supernaturalism into a sort of non-overlapping magesterium which, they argue, is just as reasonable an approach to comprehending reality as science is, even though to the critical mind it may appear nothing but unadulterated bullshit.

This position is easily refuted by pointing out all the other absurdities and bastardizations of logic that it opens one up to; unlike science and reason, spiritualism (or "faith" as the religious like to call it) is not a way to find the underlying truth of the universe.  It's a way of *not caring about* the underlying truth of the universe, substituting one's own unsupported assumptions for objective reality.  Sadly, those most susceptible to this false dichotomy are typically the same ones who will turn a blind eye to such refutation in order to preserve their preconceived notions.

Or in other words, you can't reason somebody out of a position that they weren't reasoned into.
I've never been to stargoss.co.uk, but my work filter says it's in the porn category? Is that so?
It's silly to put the blame on the religion when the religion gives no lisence to do these acts.  It is people who misinterpret, or use religion for their own selfish gains, that are to blame.  The Bible does not give a framework for people to harm others in His name.  Peole just like to use it as an excuse for something they would do anyway.  These people are not actually Christian.  

religion is not harmful to humanity.  people just suck.
Oh, the irony. Natural selection at work.
God answers dying little girl's parent's prayers.

He said no.

/TheOnion
If you're a parent and you can't afford medical care or you don't care about your child's life... do the following: Pray and don't take your child to see a doctor. Say your religion forced you to avoid medical treatment.
A person's right to freely exercise religion ends when it physically harms or defrauds another. That little girl should've had the right to make up her own mind about seeking medical treatment.
Nah, religion is compensating for technology to aide natural selection.
I'm sorry to make light of this, but the trial of this girl's parents would make an excellent Law &amp; Order episode.
&gt; they claim it gives them a greater understanding of God

i'll bet it works better than church on sunday.
poor girl.

to the parents, congrats your daughter is now in heaven. rejoice!
[deleted]
That's insane, apparently those parents happened to foresee the future, taking your advice and implementing it on their child, brilliant!
Why are these murdering fucks not in jail now?
Sigh...
They musta prayed to some Jew god or Muslimish god.
That's sounding an awful lot like Social Darwinism. Another example of social darwinism is "the jews are inferior, therefore they should be killed to promote an idyllic aryan race"
&gt;Good. The parents deserve it if they fucking think praying does any good.

The girl most certainly did not.
&gt; These parents did not need God to heal their child. Their
&gt; child had a very treatable disease and it was well within
&gt; their power to give their child a fulfilling life without
&gt; depending on God. They were greedy. They demanded something
&gt; of God when they fully knew that they didnt need it.
Well, it looks like they actually *did* need God to heal their 
child. Greedy or not, I'd have to say that it was 
clearly not within their power because *thier child died*. 

As an atheist, I have to ask you: Why did this situation turn out exactly 
like there was no God? (Or, in the best case, a God without the power to do 
anything.) 

If God is really in control of the situation, then why did God let this 
child die because of the parents mistaken beliefs?

What would it take for you to change your beliefs? (I'm willing to change mine 
if you can show me proof that God exists).
I don't think God does that for random strangers. Just his own children.
This is the exact same thought process behind welfarism and other programs that the modern liberal supports.
I'm sorry for your awful experience. Please don't blame yourself; you were a child yourself and did everything you could.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Of course the girl didn't. The girl needed to go to the hospital, with professionals. Not be at home with professional nuts.
Actually Bob Marley formally converted to Christianity (Ethiopian Orthodox) months before he died and he would have converted sooner but he feared a backlash from those in Jamaica- he had been going to a Christian church for a while prior to his baptism.
Cute kid. Too bad her parents are ignorant fuckwads.
That's very true.  Many Christians often accept the fact that God does answer prayers with a no, and often say that God answers all prayers, but sometimes that answer is no.

But in this case, it's ridiculous they didn't seek some kind of treatment.
O RLY?
I guess God didn't love her.
[deleted]
This comment made me horny. If you were a woman, I'd want to have sex with you.
Uh sure... 'cause it's worked out soooo terribly for Iceland and Norway and... aw, who am I kidding. You'll just respond with more Angry Soundbite Labels.
&gt; I don't agree with judging those who live in religion.

I do. They're morons.

That is all.
[deleted]
&gt; What properties makes it a child?

Ability to survive outside the womb.
This reminds me of a joke:

A farmer is in Iowa during a flood. The river is overflowing, with water surrounding the farmer's home up to his front porch. As he is standing there, a boat comes up, The man in the boat says "Jump in, I'll take you to safety." The farmer crosses his arms and says stubbornly, "Nope, I put my trust in God." The boat goes away. The water rises to the second floor. Another boat comes up, the man says to the farmer who is now in the second story window, "Jump in, I'll save you." The farmer again says, "Nope, I put my trust in God." The boat goes away. Now the water is up to the roof. As The farmer stands on the roof, a helicopter comes over, and drops a ladder. The pilot yells down to the farmer "I'll save you, climb the ladder." The farmer says "Nope, I put my trust in God." The helicopter goes away. The water comtinues to rise and sweeps the farmer off the roof. He drowns. The farmer goes to heaven. God sees him and says "What are you doing here?" The farmer says "I put my trust in you and you let me down." God says, "What do you mean, let you down? I sent you two boats and a helicopter!!!
God probably did her a favor by taking her away from f'ed up parents like that.  Common sense should never be completely replaced by over zealous faith.
As Alexis de Toqueville wrote in his book Democracy in America: “Religious insanity is very common in the United States.”
&gt;Of course the girl didn't.

Then you have a strange definition of the word "good".
It would have been awesome if the parents prayed - and then *they* died and the girl lived.
Does not prove in the slightest that I'm wrong. Nice try though.
I hope you take some time to read about jokes.
It's okay, she's in Heaven now.
[deleted]
Evolution at work.
And a darwin award goes to the parents
Conclusion:  Prayer kills!
Dude, probably one of the best comments ever.  Props!
Religion is a bane on the world when judged by scientific standards the same way science is a bane when judged by religious standards. 
Remember that South Park where all the [athiests waged wars backed by science](http://www.southparkstudios.com/episodes/103800/)? The truth is, it's not science or religion thats a bane on the world. People are. People are [violent in the name of science](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earth_Liberation_Front#Notable_actions:_1998-2008) as well, so saying that any violence committed by a religious person, say al-queda, is a mark against religion doesn't hold any more water than saying that Eco terrorists are a mark against science. 

Fanaticism breeds violence. As long as you're not fanatical, all that spirituality gives you is peace of mind. 

&gt;The term "heresy" has no objective meaning ... your challenge is useless.

Heresy is anything sacrilegious, but what that's made up of comes back to your particular beliefs. Damnation is asserted by the faith behind it. Yes, that's illogical, but, backed by faith, it doesn't need logic. The two are so separate, as you noted, that the assertions of one are just as true as those of the other, and neither can do anything to prove anything asserted by the other as "less true". However, trying to make a logical argument against one composed of faith is a lapse of logic; you can't disprove faith with logic. 

Using logic, you can make arguments that religion is bad, but those arguments are only valid to those who already agree and accept the logic you provide as truth. 

Sure, organized religion is probably not the best kind. I don't intend to defend any human institution, but you can't argue that spirituality doesn't provide its subscribers with instant peace of mind, happiness and purpose. All those nuts who've been saved by jesus are totally happy and, as long as they dont put their crosses in my business, good for them. Sure, they're weak minded idiots, but we're faithless blasphemers.
I'll see your "props" and raise you a "word up".
First off, I'm not religious, spiritual or faithful, so don't feel sound so attacted.

Rick Sparks made the same logical argument against what i was pointing out [here](http://reddit.com/info/6dfkj/comments/c03jrkl).

Really, i was just echoing [Kant](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kant#Kant.27s_philosophy)'s idea that logic has it's limits. You can't prove there is a god, you can't prove there isn't. 

So, yes, those religious nuts try to bring faith based systems up to the same level as logic, just as there's logic nuts trying to say their way of perceiving the world is the only one. Switch around some of your words and see how much you sound like a fanatical preacher.

If you say that religion can't tell you the meaning of life or the universe, (as if logic can) you're going to find a lot of people who feel you're wrong. (Einstein was one to recognize that no matter how much we learn from science about the universe, we still don't know anything about why we're here)
No worries, I don't feel attacked, I'm just using this as an opportunity to point out a common fallacy.

&gt; Really, i was just echoing Kant's idea that logic has it's limits. You can't prove there is a god, you can't prove there isn't. [...] Switch around some of your words and see how much you sound like a fanatical preacher.

Again, you're trying to construct a symmetry between reason and faith where one simply does not exist.  They are *not* opposite sides of the same coin.  One of Kant's biggest mistakes was falling for the non-sequitur that just because one cannot 'disprove' religion, it follows that any possible religion is just as likely to be true as is the reality evidenced in the world.

&gt; If you say that religion can't tell you the meaning of life or the universe, (as if logic can) you're going to find a lot of people who feel you're wrong.

Sure, plenty of people "feel" I'm wrong.  Feeling has nothing to do with it, and (for better or for worse) the true nature of things is not democratically decided.  It is transparently obvious that if one wishes to uncover a fundamental truth to the universe, to the best degree humanly possible, then religion is not the way to do this; there are many religions currently in circulation, and many more that have long expired... each one of them with an equal claim to the truth, and each of them mutually incompatible.

Even granting that blind faith might lead one to The Truth™, one must recognize that as the number of conceivable religions approaches infinity, the probability of any given one of them being "correct" approaches zero.  (Unless, that is, one goes off the postmodern deep end and argues that there is no such thing as objective reality...)

Making things up is fine in and of itself, but it will not uncover a deeper comprehension of objective reality.  Only reason and empirical evidence can do that.
The different interpretations and faiths may not coincide, but it doesn't mean they're wrong either. They suit the people who hold those individuals just fine, just the same way that you know religion is wrong and maybe even a little deceitful. That's your faith in the scientific method and logic at work. 

But, humor me for a moment now, consider what better purpose is served by preaching that others have it wrong?

I like to drive on the right side of the street, but Brits don't drive on the wrong side, they drive on the left. Religion or science are the same way. (Actually that doesn't hold as well as when I thought of it. You can have scientists and priests living together safely, but you can't have functioning roads without saying one side is wrong.)
Not all religions get the "get out of jail free card".  A few even get the "go directly too jail card".
Sarcasm, right?
Nope, Brits drive on the wrong side of the road, end of discussion ;)

But seriously, this:

&gt; The different interpretations and faiths may not coincide, but it doesn't mean they're wrong either. They suit the people who hold those individuals just fine, just the same way that you know religion is wrong and maybe even a little deceitful. That's your faith in the scientific method and logic at work.

is what I meant by post-modern madness.  There isn't "my truth of the universe" and "your truth of the universe"; there's one universe, and certain theories or beliefs about it can universally be said to be either right or wrong.  We aren't each living in our own separate universes with our own gods; and if we are, then for the sake of this discussion we redefine "universe" to mean the superset of all these different realities which we all share (and we ultimately do share the same reality, otherwise we wouldn't be having this conversation).

There are, then, universal truths and universal falsehoods; without accepting this, any such discussion descends into madness.  So sure, the different faiths may "suit the people who hold [them] just fine", but let's not confuse that personal satisfaction with the more pressing question of whether or not these faiths are *actually true*.

Now, you ask:

&gt; But, humor me for a moment now, consider what better purpose is served by preaching that others have it wrong?

It is true, the purpose for me making this argument does not follow from the argument itself.  That is to say, so what if I think I can demonstrate these people are taking the wrong approach to understanding the universe...  why should I care whether they get it right or wrong?

The answer is that I consider blind faith, and credulity in general, to be an overwhelmingly negative force in our society.  For example, see this story: empirical evidence and reason would have told these parents they needed to take their daughter to the hospital, but blind faith had them keep her at home and pray, hoping that a supernatural force would intervene to save her.  It would follow from your argument that either of these two approaches to treating this girl are just as valid and just as likely to succeed; but in truth, one of these worldviews is correct, and the other is sheer absurdity.  *This* is why I consider a basic recognizance of objective truth worth arguing for.
You sweet-talker, you.
but wait religion has never killed anyone!
God has a plan.  It's hard on us when we dont understand His plan, as is the case most of the time.  It's confusing sometimes.  In fact most of the time.  I cant pretend to know the full extent of what is intended.  That said, I think this situation turned out like it did because these parents need a wakeup call in their spiritual walk.  I dont know these people, but my guess would be that they have exhibited similar behavior in the past.  God really likes to give subtle nudges at first, and then when you arnt listening He slaps you in the face.  Losing your child would be a pretty big slap in the face, if you ask me.  This situation turned out like there was no interaction from God because that's exactly what happened.  You dont get to demand something from God.  You dont get to put your childs life at risk so you can show the world how much faith you have.  All you can do is ask politley if God will help with the medical expenses, and then say thankyou if He decides you need the help.

It is really sad that someone had to die over this.  But I think that just underscores the seriousness of what these parents are up to. 

Saying that God let this child die because of the parents mistaken beliefs is probably misleading.  again, I cant know for sure what kinds of people these parents are, but their actions here give a strong impression.  The parents did not simply suffer from "mistaken beliefs."  I would say that they have veered from thair path so far that this is the kind of thing that needs to happen for them to realise what they're doing.  They are more aware of their actions than being simply confused about some small detail of their faith.  You can imagine what these parents would have done if their child was healed.  The parents would have declared to the entire world "look how much faith WE have!"  They would have used the works of God for their own gain and glory.  That is why this happened the way it happened.

Unfortunatly, from the article, it doesnt sound like this even worked.  

as for your last question, I have changed my beliefs many times in my life.  I would be lying if I said that I never had a day where I doubted or struggled with my faith.  my faith is about introspection and the seeking of Gods will.  There have been countless times when Ive thought I figured something out only to realize Im not so on top of things.  Its frustrating.  Its hard.  But its very satisfying.  

If you meet a person who, when asked "have you ever doubted your faith?", replies "of course not! I am much stronger than that!", you have met a person who is headed in a similar direction as these parents.  

And no, I cant point to something and say "there's proof that God exists."  But that's kind of the point of the whole thing.
[deleted]
You're wrong about something - you *can* disprove faith with logic.  When confronted with the fact that believing an invisible deity cares deeply for them yet wants to punish them with fire and pain *forever* if they don't at least *pretend* to love that deity back is quite ridiculous, most religious folk brush it off with a simple, "Well, that's what I believe," or the even more insidious, "Well, that's just the way I was raised!" (... as if the individual is intelligent enough to realize that he or she does have the capacity to question the things which were crammed into his or her brain but is either unwilling or emotionally afraid to confront such teachings for various reasons known only to the believer.)  From the moment a person falls back to "belief" as proof, that very person has made it clear that logic is right and faith is wrong.

I also feel the need to take you to task about spirituality bringing people peace of mind - all the nuts you're referring to are *not* happy at all, they're just carrying a false sense of comfort with regard to whatever ills fall their way because of the promise of a more fulfilling afterlife.  The way they push the words, "Well, everything happens for a reason - God is good!" through their teeth when a child dies of a horrible disease, or someone chops off their leg and rapes it, etc. is pitiful.  

Christianity is nothing more than a wait for death, and all religion is for suckers.
In this case how is God different than a a person, lets say a doctor, who let the kid die just to teach the parents a lesson?

And I just don't see how claiming God's plan called for this kid to die makes it any better. Couldn't this hypothetical doctor have some mysterious plan, too? Maybe the doctor even  knows it will make life better, somehow. Wouldn't it still be totally fucked to let this innocent kid die? 

And as far as the faith argument goes, it sounds like you are saying that God wants you to have faith, but not *too* much, and it has to be *exactly* the right kind, and God will *never* confirm to you how much is too much, or what the exact right kind is. In fact, rather than confirm anything God will let your kid die. I Just don't see how that makes sens. 

In fact, I just don't see how you can tell the difference between that kind of God and a God who doesn't exist at all. 

But I take kind of a hard line on proof of the existence of God. Proof of God would have to be something completely beyond the normal laws of physics. Even if I had a direct experience of God that wouldn't necessarily be any kind of proof. After all, maybe people are somehow hard-wired to have God-like experiences?
Jokes that say we should let little girls die because their parents are retards?

I don't find a childs death funny. Do you?
It's really easy to logically refute faith, but that's not the same as disproving it -- as undermining it's foundation -- with logic, because it's not based on a foundation of logic. Yes, you've shown that it's logically unreasonable, but that's beside the point because it doesn't need to be. Someone only needs their faith in what they believe to make ir right for them; it doesn't have to be backed by your logic.

As for people being made happy by it, I still  attest that they are. Their comfort may seem empty when it's basis is judged by logic, but  we keep missing the point. **Faith is a basis for belief, just as logic is.** They don't need their comfort to be logical, but just believe and feel comfortable. 

It's the idea of god being a person's "rock". Life may be hard, and you may be suffering, but it's ok, and if that mindset reduces people's suffering then more power to them. 

If they really feel that god has a plan for them, why should they be forced to accept the logical idea that they should be suffering instead of content? That doesn't seem reasonable to demand from people.

While faith isn't a good tool for argument, especially when everyone you may find yourself at a disagreement with speaks through logic, it can't be denied that it does grant people some semblance of understanding or truth (or at least the sense of those things) which is just the best as we can say is provided us by our faith in logic: a feeling of understanding. It's anyone's guess if the fruit of either is correct, but we accept it anyway. 

And yes, organized religion is a crock. I'm not talking about catholicism, I'm talking about the concept that underlies all religions, spirituality without rules.
Doubtful...  If anything the comment suggested apathy towards the parents and children, not extermination.

Way to invoke godwins law tho.
I like your point about the solidarity of our universe. So let's agree there is one real universe, but how do we decide what's real and true? We can logically analyze our surroundings to find out, or intuit from our spirituality. Are we part of gods universe or something else? Without any way of knowing which one is real, we either 'descend into madness' or, in lue of any known truth, have to choose one to live by as if it were true.

So for someone who accepts the idea of god's universe, why would their choice to pray for health be absurd? From their perspective, isn't it just as easily be said that our struggle to make our lives as long as possible is just as absurd? I mean, we all die. In the course of things, our tiny lives being a few years longer really doesn't change anything especially when you know that this is only part of what there is.

An old man, complacent in the days before death, might tell you not to fear death, that it's just one more thing we do. Fighting that is absurd. Yes, this girl is young, and I don't want to make a point about if she should have died or not. She probably would have lived longer with medicine, but her early death is only 'wrong' when under the scope of some morality. Otherwise it's just something that happened. 

The faithful parents may not say that her death was wrong, she's in gods realm now they may say, so what's the rule of morality that we're using to say that this death is wrong?
It stems from a misunderstanding of what faith is.  Faith is not "If I believe hard enough, God will do whatever I want Him to do."  Faith is "I will trust that the decisions He makes are just, and that they are the right course of action."

In this way, yes, you need to have the right kind of faith, if you really want to put it that way.  but in a truer sense, these parents didnt have any faith at all.  But you cant have too much faith.  Faith is just trust.  You might be able to trust another person too much, like if they really wouldnt take a bullet for you when they say they will, but you cant trust God too much because He wont ever screw you over like that.  You just need to educate youself on the kinds of things that you can trust Him to do.  You arnt on your own in these kinds of things.  It can all be seen in the Bible, if you know where to look.

There are instances where God acts.  I have seen it more in this last month than I have in a long time, but its very subtle.  You have to keep your eyes peeled.  He just didnt act in a visible way here because of the situation itself.  at least, He didnt act in the way these parents demanded.

If it makes you feel any better, I would bet that the kid is in heaven.  If you look at it that way, then you can see that while the kid was robbed of her life here on Earth, she still isnt all that bad off.  Looking at it this way it's more of a punishment to the parents and less of a horrible thing for the kid.  All injustices will be righted in time.  I just hope the parents realise their mistakes so the childs life wasnt taken in vain.

as for your last paragraph, God obeys the laws of physics.  He created them, after all.  We find anomolies all the time, but we adapt our understanding of the laws to incorporate these things.  If youre looking for the clouds to spell out "He is risen" youre looking in the wrong place.
It seems to me that these parents had enough faith to let their kid die. The let their kid fucking die! That's a lot of faith. Doesn't the Bible say that "to whoever has enough faith all things are possible"? And again, you argue that it's not the right kind of faith.

You're getting into defining what kind of faith is needed. You are saying that you must have faith, but it has to be the right kind, and don't expect God to do anything. Well, if that what works for you then have at it. I think one should judge God on common-sense grounds, just like everything else you experience. How's this: What kind of an asshole would I be if I treated my kids the same way? Do you know how fast I'd end up in jail if, say, I let my kid die to "show my ex-wife a lesson"? What kind of an utter failure of a human being would do such a thing? How can you say God is any better? Because he has some "plan"? Well, you can believe what you want, but I have to be honest here and say that I think you are fooling yourself. If that works for you then you are welcome to it. It's a free country, after all. 

I also have a lot of doubt about seeing God in action. If it's so subtle, how do you know it's God? Maybe you are just reading into it what you want to see. Human history is full of stories of people doing exactly that -- seeing what they want.

As far as heaven goes, maybe the kid is in heaven, maybe he isn't. Personally, I doubt heaven exists, so it's a pretty cold comfort to say that when the kid could easily be alive.

If God obeys the laws of physics then how can he be all-knowing and all-powerful? What kind of material being could possibly exist that would explain God? 

I don't know, man. I don't expect to convert you to atheism or anything. It just seems to me that your God is a god who lets babies die for reasons that aren't their fault. If that's your God, then you are welcome to him.
I dont want to say that they have the wrong kind of faith.  I want to say that they dont have faith at all.  They just call it faith.  

If they had faith, they would trust that their child having diabetes fits into His plan, and accept it by giving their child the simple medical attention she needed.

These parents let their child die.  They did this for selfish reasons.  

The trick is we cant judge God based on anything we have, or ever can have.  We think we have common sense, but really all we have is what makes sense to us at the moment.  All through history the "facts" about the universe have changed.  Science has never perfectly explained everything.  We can hardly understand the things right in front of our faces, how can we expect to understand the things that no one has ever seen?

Summary:
I want to say that they dont have faith at all.
I dont want to say that they have the wrong kind of faith.
I never said that all people use their faith the same way.
I just had a daughter.
I mean, we all die.
God sees him and says "What are you doing here?"
Religion or science are the same way.
You don't understand faith at all.
But it was God's plan!
You can't prove there is a god, you can't prove there isn't.
If you have faith when you pray for sick people, they will get well.
Religion didn't save any of these people.
That is why this happened the way it happened.
How can you say God is any better?
God says, "What do you mean, let you down?
That's a lot of faith.
These parents did not need God to heal their child.
No, its not one thing to have faith.
I do not hate religious people.
But you cant have too much faith.
The farmer says "I put my trust in you and you let me down."
They just call it faith.
But Christianity is the *only* religion.
These parents let their child die.
It seems to me that these parents had enough faith to let their kid die.
I don't see where any of you get off telling other people how to raise their children.
The let their kid fucking die!
I think her parents are right on the mark.
The farmer again says, "Nope, I put my trust in God."
The farmer says "Nope, I put my trust in God."
You dont get to demand something from God.
&gt; These parents did not need God to heal their child.
And I just don't see how claiming God's plan called for this kid to die makes it any better.
I guess God didn't love her.
As a person of faith I can say that these people acted foolishly.
You are saying that you must have faith, but it has to be the right kind, and don't expect God to do anything.
you have your right to call faith stupid.
Faith is "I will trust that the decisions He makes are just, and that they are the right course of action."
And no, I cant point to something and say "there's proof that God exists."
Well, it looks like they actually *did* need God to heal their 
child.
If it makes you feel any better, I would bet that the kid is in heaven.
Well, apparently god had other plans.
God answers dying little girl's parent's prayers.
Well, if that what works for you then have at it.
The parents deserve it if they fucking think praying does any good.
What happened to "God helps those who help themselves".
This kind of thing happens all the time.
You don't need to pray for healing, God has already provided doctors.
It would have been awesome if the parents prayed - and then *they* died and the girl lived.
And again, you argue that it's not the right kind of faith.
It was only because my parents made me though.
If it's so subtle, how do you know it's God?
We needed more of it!
Yes, this girl is young, and I don't want to make a point about if she should have died or not.
It was wrong for these parents to refuse their child medical treatment.
If that's your God, then you are welcome to him.
You're wrong about something - you *can* disprove faith with logic.
I also have a lot of doubt about seeing God in action.
They mis-understood what their faith says.
It is all the word of God, he wouldn't put it there if he didn't mean it or want you to believe it completely, right?
The truth is, it's not science or religion thats a bane on the world.
&gt; I don't agree with judging those who live in religion.
If you're religious then you should believe God created the world this way so that there would be a cure already there for her.
What would it take for you to change your beliefs?
I bet he was like, "I'm not taking a hit for this one".
The man responds: Don't worry about me, God will save me!
He makes the points i echo here a lot better than I do.
Someone only needs their faith in what they believe to make ir right for them; it doesn't have to be backed by your logic.
You mean they are *not* going to jail?
the girl didn't decide to 'pray away' her illness, her stupid parents did.
That is fine, that is how I am, I don't know whats out there.
they did not act foolishly because they have faith, they acted foolishly because they misunderstood ... just about everything about their faith.
Yes, that's illogical, but, backed by faith, it doesn't need logic.
These people are not actually Christian.
If you want to be a nut and let yourself die, fine.
(Actually that doesn't hold as well as when I thought of it.
That doesn't seem reasonable to demand from people.
now see, I knew this kind of comment would come from this story.
If they don't go to jail then we live in a sicker world than I thought.
Saying that God let this child die because of the parents mistaken beliefs is probably misleading.
Let's see if my God listens.
I cannot make the decision on what is morally right and wrong.
But that's kind of the point of the whole thing.
But I take kind of a hard line on proof of the existence of God.
**Faith is a basis for belief, just as logic is.
They ignored her problem with stupidity and let her die.
I'm sorry, but that doesn't work.
I hope you take some time to read about jokes.
Actually, the problem was that they had a little too much faith.
The way they push the words, "Well, everything happens for a reason - God is good!"
You dont get to put your childs life at risk so you can show the world how much faith you have.
I don't find a childs death funny.
I don't think God does that for random strangers.
I think we need a subset of Darwin Awards for things like this.
You can imagine what these parents would have done if their child was healed.
There will always be evil people in the world, believing in god or not.
I still laugh at it :)
at least, He didnt act in the way these parents demanded.
You're getting into defining what kind of faith is needed.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.20
