Original Response:
They masterminded the invasion of Iraq killing a million and sending ten millions as refugees, now comes the PR stunts. Well done, still I wish those kids luck and feel good about it, those lucky few.
The war in their neighborhood has been going on for 5 years. Is that all they've done?
Gee, I wonder how many Iranian kids they'll treat once the next phase of their plan goes into effect.
Well then, lets gear our whole foriegn policy to serve Israel.
The sad thing is that the Iraqis would be pissed off if this were widely known.  Better to die than get a Jew blood transfusion!
I doubt it, Iraq was pretty secular before the Invasion so the religious tension bit isnt nearly as strong as you assume, plus people tend to be pretty supportive of saving children.

Maybe we shouldn't us a small part of any given population to define all of it...
Come on, quit the cynicism.  This is a good thing Israel is doing and frankly, they're not doing it for the purpose of publicizing it - look where this article is.  You can't find this without reddit.  

You are applying a double standard - everything bad israel does, is clearly bad.  but anything good - well, there must be an ulterior motive.  Israeli doctors routinely treat victims of suicide bombings, etc. - including arab victims, and even the bombers if they are too retarded to kill even themselves.

You know that an Israeli Jew could not walk into an Iraqi hospital and get treatment.
Yes it's nice for them to treat Iraqis, but they are involved in the situation. A much better indication of their intent would be to see how many Iranian, Syrians and Egyptians they treat as well.
I don't understand all the Israel hate on Digg and Reddit.  They probably don't need all the US support they get (including to defend themselves), but are the few Israeli extremists fair to judge the whole country by?  Obviously (as seen in this article) not all Israelis share the same mentality.
Here's the deal...

"Probably" doesn't come into it. There would _be_ no Israel were it not for the US/UK support. However, now that they're armed to the teeth, they need "us" less and less. 

The few Israeli extremists you mention don't really exist. The entire state of Israel is extremist in the majority of the world's eyes.

They don't have to share the same mentality. Just the same belief; in Zionism.
HTH
Because it's not a "few" Israeli extremists..it's nearly all of them also you can't claim defense while being the aggressor. It's about the equivalent of a home intruder suing you because you shot him.
Well they didn't go to the media about treating Iraqi children or treating stupid suicide bombers, why would they go to the media about treating others?
Israel and Islam are similar in this case. Their extremists give it a bad name.
&gt;You know that an Israeli Jew could not walk into an Iraqi hospital and get treatment.

Most Iraqis can't walk into an Iraqi hospital and get treatment...
stfu
reddit and digg are full of knee jerk reactionary fools.

This time tomorrow they'll be attacking Islam based on what one person did.

The day after against Israelis, then Christians, then who knows? Though usually lather rinse and repeat.

Every once in a while somehting like this pops up and it's all 'gee it's so unfair for us to generelise'.

Before you know it everyones back to the insanity side of things.


If people could just judge people as individuals rather than try to push forward their own political agenda in the process then we could collectively make a difference. BUt it's easier to just get angry at the controversy of the day..."reporter got killed? damn Israel!" "honour killing? damn Islam!" "evolution denying? damn Christians!".

When you stop and think about it you realize just how insanely complex the world is and how different people are, even if they technically are under the same banner. You cannot fathom this depth to humanity unless you stop and think. It's a pity though, the only reason this story is getting upmodded is probably because the majority are just reacting to a story about how nice Israelis actually are rather than how nice those people are. Israelis as a people are in their millions ([citation needed :P]) and there's bound to be a few crooks between them, possibly in positions of power, and when their evil is exposed it will just be another generelisation, something like 'fuck the zionist oppressors!'. Of course a lack of clarity leads to controversy which leads to hate.


Still, i like these sorts of reactionary upmodded stories more than the *other* kind.
Israel, Islam, Christianity, Judaism, and just about any other group you can name;
Their extremists give it a bad name.
We always tend to see the few bad apples in the barrel full of mostly good apples.
Couldn't I claim that the U.S. is exactly the same?  We wouldn't be here if not for foreign support when the U.S. was founded, and in recent years a few extremists have lead our country to "war" with Vietnam, Afghanistan and Iraq.

Couldn't someone outside of the U.S. make the same claims about us?
Maybe we should stop second guessing what Iraqis would think.

Because the invasion was supported under the notion that we knew what Iraqis would think if we kill them by the thousands in the name of bringing them freedom.
The problem is you're putting the Israeli government on the same level as Israeli people.

THere are good people and bad people regardless of their background.
Thats a valid question and remains to be answered. Do they indeed have children from these other countries and who reported this information to the press?
&gt;We wouldn't be here if not for foreign support when the U.S. was founded

Tremendously irrelevant/unrelated.

&gt;and in recent years a few extremists have lead our country to "war" with Vietnam, Afghanistan and Iraq.

So?

&gt;Couldn't someone outside of the U.S. make the same claims about us?

No. Here's why.
Push come to shove the US can stand alone as a sovreign recognized by all it's neighbors. Without the aid of The West, Israel would eventually fall and fall hard.

The founding of the USA and the founding of Israel are so totally different I'm starting to wonder if you're an insane genius troll, or just a Sophomore.

Peace out
Considering that he's slyly blaming the war in Iraq on Jews, I hardly think this is the kind of person that can be reasoned with.
But 

1) Jews and Christians typically don't do the suicide bombing stuff or hide behind their children and families
 
2) The more widespread Muslim community is doing very little (if anything) to protest what extremists are doing in their name
I think when it comes down to it, it's more of a racist sentiment than a religious one.
Not really. Race isn't quite a compounding issue in that part of the world. It all comes down to religious contentions at the end of the day.
Yeah, but ignorance is bliss.
LOL, you're a fucking idiot and may the next suicide bomber have a personal vendetta against y ou.
180? they can help 150,000 children.
Maybe because this situation is a bit like a landlord giving the family he evicted 5 bucks to find a new place.  Whenever people reach out and help others in need it should be applauded, but may I remind you that AIPAC and many inside Israel pushed hard to have this needless war that's killed tens of thousands of children happen.  it's the least they can do.  Also, extra judicial killings in Palestine have killed thousands of kids.  When Israel wanted the spiritual leader of Hamas killed they blew him up with an Apache Helicopter as he was leaving church...along with 7 kids.  If it were a "few" extremists amongst the population, I wouldn't judge.  But the "extremists" are the group in power, they shape Israel's foreign policy and to a lesser degree, the US.
They didn't know the children were Iraqi. If they did, they would have killed them all.
&gt; are the few Israeli extremists fair to judge 
&gt; the whole country by?

The problem is that the extremists are running the place.
Well we wouldn't know as the hospital didn't run to the media about it.
I agree with your comment but I think the antipathy directed toward Israel is not necessarily to the people but their government's policies pertaining to Palestinians and its non-Jewish citizens. The same thing could be said of how the leadership of the Palestinians apply practices that are counter-productive. So I don't see how government A does something B which is considered bad by group C, and thus labels, D, A, and D is a generalization.
In related news, Israel turns 60 today!

http://reddit.com/info/6ikeh/comments/
Redditors and Diggers are anti-Semites.  *A few* just really don't like giving aid to foreign countries, but most of them are just total xenophobes who hate anyone who isn't white, male, and ex-Christian atheist.
Jews and Christians constantly resort to the bomb, what the fuck are you talking about?  It's just Jews and Christians possess the technology to deliver these bombs without need of a human carrier.  That's it.  That's all.  Look at the numbers, far and away Jews and Christians have killed many, many more Muslims than the reverse.  It isn't even close.
&gt; Tremendously irrelevant/unrelated.

You were talking about how they wouldn't be here without us, so I thought I'd point out that we wouldn't be here if not for support ourselves.

&gt;So?

So, I don't want to be accused of killing thousands of Iraqi children just because the leader of my country (who I did not vote for) is an idiot.  I think this may apply to many of the Israelis who don't support conflicts their leadership gets them into.

&gt;Without the aid of The West, Israel would eventually fall and fall hard.

Didn't you just say they need us "less and less" a minute ago?  I personally don't think they need us anymore, but I have only minor problems with us continuing to give them aid.

&gt;I'm starting to wonder if you're an insane genius troll, or just a Sophomore.

I would have been happy to have a civil debate on the issues, but I assume you're getting angry for being downmodded and are trying to take it out on me.  Either way, I'll let you decide on which internet term you want to label me with.
The spiritual leader of Hamas doesn't go to church.
Racist Jews in Israel and America are primarily responsible for the atrocity in Iraq that has claimed now in excess of a million lives.

Console yourself with your ability to stage such ridiculous PR stunts today because tomorrow it will be a very different reality for you.

This will not be forgotten.
&gt; No. Here's why. Push come to shove the US can stand alone as a sovreign recognized by all it's neighbors. Without the aid of The West, Israel would eventually fall and fall hard.

Shorter STDOUBT: "Might makes right."
Fuck you, it the invasion of Palestine by Jews that started the whole affair.  Of course Jews are to be blamed for this.

And Osirak brings it even closer to home.
&gt; reddit and digg are full of knee jerk reactionary fools.

&gt; This time tomorrow they'll be attacking Islam based on what one person did.

Excuse me, but aren't you attacking reddit and digg based on what only one person has posted?
In other news, 1 million Iraqis killed in part because of Israeli politics.
As many as will sit still in front of the news cameras operated by our very Jewish media, of course.
I have no doubt there's a lot of closed mindedness and knee jerk action on Reddit.

But with the Israel thing, it seems the knee jerk is related to the fact that Palestine doesn't ever get a fair shake in the media.
Why is this news?  This kind of thing happens acros the world all the time.
its pent up rage, I used the reply to that post as an excuse for me to vent.
&gt;Israel and Islam are similar in this case.

Huh, how can a country and a religion be "similar"?
And 9/11 was an inside job?
[deleted]
Oh I'm going to have to say it's honest hatred for *every* group that they hate on.

Every time they hate on Muslims someone has to come along and say "Hey, stop the Islamophobia!".  When it's Christians, some Christian who accepts evolution has to come along and note that not all Christians are as ridiculously stupid as the ones on TV.

It's the same thing we do about Israelis.  These people just hate the whole rest of the world excepting their own demographic group.
18000000 mexican children treated in arizona hospitals, and we didn't cause their injuries or charge them any $

where is my cookie?
If that's the case, why is stdout downmodded to -9 and linkedlist upmodded to +18?
No, he's attacking them based on what many people are posting. If anything, this article is something "one person posted".
You almost always claim defense while being the aggressor.
that's either a really lame joke or you're a moron.  Maybe both.
I'm pretty certain I said SUICIDE BOMBERS and HIDING BEHIND THEIR FAMILIES.

Those are the significant differences. Almost all countries (independent of religion) can go to war and bomb others...but most civilized "institutions" at least TRY to avoid civilian casualties....which works if the bad guys aren't hiding behind those civilians!
The Iraqi hospital treated Jessica Lynch enven though she came to kill Iraqi (or liberate them as Bush calaimed)she was "saved" by a courageous Iraqi lawyer named Mohammed Rehaief who risked his life to tell US troops where she was.
[deleted]
Wow - you really do know how to debate/disagree with someone in a civilized manner, don't you!

(sigh)
[deleted]
True.  This article seems to have a more open-minded crowd replying.  But if you check STDOUBT's history, you'll see even most of his anti-Israel comments on Reddit have been upmodded prior to this instance.
This is a good point, and I don't see why you were downmodded. Personally, I feel it is wrong to judge the populace, but the isreal government is crooked to the bone.
Gather ye rosebuds while ye may, motherfucker.
Yes, and 9/11 was an inside job.
Well, of course. :)
I'm pretty certain that for the victims, the difference between killing yourself while setting off a bomb and not killing yourself means absolutely nothing.

It is an artificial distinction, designed to condemn our their use of violence while continuing to sanction our own.

And as Muslims have killed so many fewer civilians than we have, I'd have to say they're doing more than TRYING to avoid civilian casualties.  They're succeeding.

Over a million dead in Iraq now, and absolutely every single one of them is innocent.
2) While there is certainly the idea of a widespread Muslim umma, it is extremely decentralized, so this is problematic since there really isn't a pope figure for example that can speak on behalf of his religion/denomination.

[This article](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61654-2004May27.html) though four years old, shows that at least the American Muslim community has made  more than a little effort to denounce terrorism, but I just don't think anyone hears about it.  I'd really be interested to know what other steps would need to be done for you to think they were doing enough (this is not meant to be a passive aggressive question, I'm actually curious).
Of course.  History has shown the false-flag attack to be the weapon of choice for many despicable regimes throughout history.

Including America and, especially, Israel.
\*pats your head\*
&gt; 2) The more widespread Muslim community is doing very little (if anything) to protest what extremists are doing in their name

Of course. [Are](http://www.muhajabah.com/otherscondemn.php)  [you](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ali-eteraz/the-myth-of-muslim-condem_b_67904.html) [hard](http://www.masud.co.uk/ISLAM/ahm/recapturing.htm)
[of](http://archive.newsmax.com/archives/articles/2001/10/17/195606.shtml) [hearing](http://time-blog.com/middle_east/2007/09/news_flash_muslim_denounces_te.html)?
So if I don't hate Jews, but I'm not the biggest fan of some Israeli policies, I like giving aid to some countries and happen to be a female, who considers herself more agnostic than atheist... do I not get to be a Redditor anymore?
Equivalent to your conceding the sad truth of what I say.  No other reply from you is possible.  Ridicule is your only recourse at this point.
You've officially had your membership in the Reddit Wanking Club revoked.  You can stay on the site, but you can't spew random wankery.

Then again, going by your posting history it looks like you weren't really exercising your membership in the Wanking Club that much.
Debating is stupid because it gets nothing done.  If you have a problem with how the muslim community acts why don't you start widespread awareness with real people in your community and even put together a bill that addresses it.  Nope, instead you're going to cry on the Internetz about muslims not protesting (I'm not even going to start with how dumb this whole belief) against terrorism, whereas you're not doing anything yourself either.

Am I bigger prick than you are -- probably.  But at least I'm not full of shit.
Most scientists per capita in the world.
[deleted]
Ok, so name a non-muslim group that has used suicide bombing.
In the sense that both represent a group of people. What part of "in this case" didn't you understand?
Kamikaze?

Way to miss the point you fucking piece of shit.
Actually, the Jews pretty much invented suicide attacks way back in Roman times. Study up on where the word "zealot" comes from.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zealotry

And let's not forget the way Christians treated others in the Dark Ages.

It's just a question of the point in time in human history.

People are people are people.
I actually agree with you.  The kamikaze were the most crazy and fanatical fighters in the history of mankind...great parallel you drew for me, moron.
Suicide attacks are very old tactics. Before bombs existed.
The earliest form that I know of have to do with Sicarii
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zealotry#Sicarii
Suicide attacks are very old tactics. Before bombs existed.
The earliest form that I know of have to do with Sicarii
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zealotry#Sicarii
I don't see a reference to kamikaze tactics in the link there.
An interesting read, but there's nothing in there that I can find that deals with kamikaze tactics.
Sorry about that.
One of the most frustrating actions of the Zealots was to sneak up on a Centurion (Roman Soldier/Policeman) from behind and cut his throat. This was considered, at the time, to be an act that would almost always guarantee the attackers death, since Centurions always traveled in groups. Some of the Zealots considered this to be the noblest way to die.
That's where the word 'zealot', as used today comes from.
Sorry about that. One of the most frustrating actions of the Zealots was to sneak up on a Centurion (Roman Soldier/Policeman) from behind and cut his throat. This was considered, at the time, to be an act that would almost always guarantee the attackers death, since Centurions always traveled in groups. Some of the Zealots considered this to be the noblest way to die. That's where the word 'zealot', as used today comes from.
I'm going to laugh at you until you figure out how stupid that comment is.  I expect to be laughing for quite awhile.
If you're waiting 'till I figure it out, you will be laughing for a while.
&gt; the most crazy and fanatical fighters in the history of mankind

Um, that would be the motherfuckers who dropped the nuke.  Crazy and fanatical?  One nuke wasn't enough, so we had to drop two.

Consider for a moment the possibility that we're the bad guys.
Well, you drew the association between Kamikaze's and Islamic Suicide Bombers, not me.  I guess you think Kamikaze's were the good guys.  I'm American, I guess I just have a different upbringing than you.
&gt; I'm American, I guess I just have a different upbringing than you.

I'm American too.  I guess I just have moral clarity.  I don't blindly listen to the propaganda I'm being fed.  I think about what I see, and I draw my own conclusions.  I can decide what is right and wrong and without the help of Bill O'Reilly or The New York Times.

In other words, people like me scale.  Were the world to be full of people like me, we would be able to address problems using reason and achieve solutions beneficial to all.

People like you can't possibly scale.  You're full of fail.  People like you will constantly be at each other's throats.

You're a disease.

/out
I'm glad people like you aren't smart enough to vote.

Summary:
People are people are people.
If they did, they would have killed them all.
It's the same thing we do about Israelis.
I don't understand all the Israel hate on Digg and Reddit.
This is a good point, and I don't see why you were downmodded.
The day after against Israelis, then Christians, then who knows?
I guess you think Kamikaze's were the good guys.
They didn't know the children were Iraqi.
The few Israeli extremists you mention don't really exist.
You know that an Israeli Jew could not walk into an Iraqi hospital and get treatment.
I think this may apply to many of the Israelis who don't support conflicts their leadership gets them into.
Their extremists give it a bad name.
&gt; This time tomorrow they'll be attacking Islam based on what one person did.
They probably don't need all the US support they get (including to defend themselves), but are the few Israeli extremists fair to judge the whole country by?
This time tomorrow they'll be attacking Islam based on what one person did.
There would _be_ no Israel were it not for the US/UK support.
Israel and Islam are similar in this case.
That's where the word 'zealot', as used today comes from.
I actually agree with you.
People like you can't possibly scale.
&gt;You know that an Israeli Jew could not walk into an Iraqi hospital and get treatment.
No, he's attacking them based on what many people are posting.
I think when it comes down to it, it's more of a racist sentiment than a religious one.
Suicide attacks are very old tactics.
In other words, people like me scale.
&gt; 2) The more widespread Muslim community is doing very little (if anything) to protest what extremists are doing in their name

Of course.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.17
