Original Response:
There are a lot of different numbers coming in.  Many sources have reported 23,000 confirmed deaths with a possible 75,000 missing. Possible death toll could be in the 100,000 range, but of course thats death from primary devastation. There will be many more deaths resulting from secondary causes such as lack of sanitation, starvation and dehydration. I can't fathom that it took 5 days for the government to clear foreign aid although the situation sounds vaguely familiar.
This isn't government incompetence this is MASS MURDER!

You want a country to invade?  We've missed the chance in so many countries, but for the love of all that is good put some pressure on this government!  I am tired of a government that trumps fake threats to "good, wholesome, middle class white people".  This is REAL its happening NOW!

Edit:  To those downvoting, what exactly do you dislike about my outrage?  Is it offensive to you that i'm not completely apathetic?
Most of us are aware of what happened.  If it were up to you, how would this discussion on "200,000 people dead in Burma" go?  

The fact is, while it's a very significant event, it's not going to be heavily discussed because what happened was very simple; A natural disaster killed many people. The government probably won't do a good job handling it, and more people will die.  It sucks.  There isn't much else to say.
don't fucking guilt trip us, we all already know.  you are not a saint.  we know, we know, WE KNOW!  IT PISSES ME OFF WHAT THEY ARE DOING THERE, but this is reddit, and the internet, so if you want to read about that, google it.  But don't go post on some linux forum all about this, and expect them to drop their conversations to accommodate yours, MYANMAR IS A TRAGEDY, so go to the myanmar websites, and leave my conscience alone.
Well there's nothing we can do about it.. As for Hillary/Obama.. well..
[deleted]
Invading 3rd world countries is always a mistake because you just cant exterminate all the guerillas without taking thousands of innocent lives. Iraq is a good example. Saddam killed some 2 million innocent people under his rule and we have taken 1 million trying to free them or whatever. Is it worth it? Is it worth all of that time and money?
Which is especially lame since only a retard doesn't know that Hillary, Obama, and McCain all have the same employer- Israel and the Council on Foreign Relations.
It's hard to convince millions of burmese to suddenly call themselves myanamarshmallows.
HybridWeasels comment would make sense if Katrina never happened. We have our own incompetence and the only thing that kept the numbers below Burma's was the number of people in the area at the time..
and you will notice the numbers you quote also follow a linear timeline of getting more and more information on what's happening- that's why the numbers keep going up.
exactly- that's something the cock swaggering generals will never understand even though they had their asses handed to them in Viet Nam for the same principle- and invading force cannot withstand the level of attritition caused by a popular guerilla resisitance- at some point- they must submit, or exterminate the entire population- you know.. like Israel is doing to the palestinians as we speak... holocaust.
Can anyone tell me what happened on tonights episode of Lost?
[deleted]
I've switched off obama\hilary\politics etc on reddit, just OTT now. That will solve the problem.

P.s. We don't need a story every time one of them scratches there ass and...

A) Loses or gains votes
B) Makes a goof
C) Loses money
4) News station does something (anything)
No jews died in there.
400,000 people die on earth every day.  400,000 + are born every day.  Life goes on...
Its just one of the trends of reddit. Before this whole Obama/Clinton deal, people were bitching over Ron Paul who got the same coverage. Its just a cycle.

Also, reddit seems to display incredible US-centrism, because problems in other places are usually just swept under the rug. Granted a cyclone killing 100000 people is not as interesting as some pundits view on why Clinton should quit the race, but whatever...
Jack and Kate, like, totally flirted, while Sawyer scowled. There was half an hour of people walking through a jungle. Oh, and Hurley looks like he might have gained some weight.
There are real problems out there, like getting Obama elected.

If reddit doesn't continually stroke Obama's cock on the front page, only 99.7% of Reddit will vote for him and he might lose.
The best you could do was a crappy British Tabloid?
Kosovo is a mixed bag. The reason that the Serbs started killing the Kosovars is that that KLA started provoking them, in hopes of starting an overreaction and getting more Western involvement. So, basically if NATO didn't have a big military force to start with, the KLA probably would have left the Serbs alone and there would have been less chaos all around, though it's hard to say precisely what would have happened, since that's a pretty big counterfactual.
This has been done before, and resently.  Not that I hate quoteing myself but ...

http://reddit.com/info/6ikqy/comments/c03y0fh
You self-righteous cunt.
It's [controversial](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Names_of_Burma):

&gt; In the Burmese language, there have been controversies about the name of the country since the 1930s, but the decision of the military regime in 1989 carried the controversy into the English language. Although the military regime thinks that Myanma is more inclusive of minorities than Bama, it was shown above that historically this is not true, Myanma being only a more literary version of Bama. Quite the opposite of being more inclusive, opposition parties and human rights groups contend that the new English name "Myanmar" is actually disrespectful of the minorities of Burma. Minorities, many of whom do not speak Burmese, had become accustomed to the English name "Burma" over the years, and they perceive the new name "Myanmar" as a purely Burmese name reflecting the policy of domination of the ethnic Burman majority over the minorities.

&gt; Criticism also concentrates on the fact that the military regime, not democratically elected, has no legitimacy to change the name of the country. However, it should be remembered that the military regime did not change the official name of the country in Burmese, but merely changed the name of the country in English. Opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi at first opposed the new name "Myanmar", pointing out the hypocritical justification of inclusiveness put forward by the military regime. Opposition parties, although they oppose the English name "Myanmar", do not oppose the official Burmese name Myanma, and no opposition party is proposing to use the colloquial name Bama as the official name of the country.
It used to be Burma, now its english name has been changed to Myanmar by the "government" much to the dissatisfaction of a lot of people who live there. 

 It's silly to call it Myanmar really and then say Burmese people live there. It's just confusing and most people from there will always refer to themselves as being from Burma.
Most everyone is aware of it but unless you want to set up some kind of ticker that shows the current Death Count there really isn't much repeated news about it. 

They are refusing Aide, which makes it even more painful to follow. Find some information that shows people how to donate that will be used appropriately to help these people and I can assure you people will uprate that news. But like any tragedy I really don't want the CNN effect of 24/7 updates on how more people are dead. We are all saddened by the loss and only expect the death count to rise.
What about Africa?
Downvoted for your retarded headline.
Except you, apparently...
Also, the ending! Oh man, the ending was a total cliffhanger!  But don't worry about what it actually was, *because they will never mention it again.*
200,000 PEOPLE died in Burma? There aren't 200,000 Americans in Burma! Headline should read: "200,000 Asians dead in Burma."
We're submitting links from The Sun now? Jeez.
The other neat thing is Ron Paul and the 911 guys get upmods in comments now, where there used to be friggin greasemonkey scripts to auto downmod those.  I don't see a greasemonkey script to downmod Hillary/Obama...
The best part is that one was a day ago submission about the same damn thing.
[We were aware yesterday](http://reddit.com/info/6ikqy/comments/), too.
You want further tragedy? How 'bout the fact that you and almost everyone else save for the *Washington Post* have accepted the junta there and refer to the country as "Myanmar" and nut "Burma".
A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic. -- Joseph Stalin
We could talk about taking them out.

But that is against the rules. These thug regimes just go along,the world looks the other way.

I always have felt that having the power means we as Americans have the responsibility. 

Then,we would be stuck again like in Iraq,trying to build another nation.

So,nevermind. 

But if the UN,world nations really got behind it and shared this task,it might be reasonable.

Should the UN change its attitude about internal issues in countries,to defend those people?

I think they should,I have always thought that.

This is certainly worth discussing.
Maybe it's time the rest of the world got off it's duff.
Burmese...you mean Burmese.
Wow, nice Washington Post plug. They're certainly a moral authority, just like you. 
Like you know julianwan at all. STFU.
How does this bullshit title have 18 points?
Do you realize how many more people will die if H-bomb is nominated?  Priorities mother fucker.
Could that be because:
a) we personally can't do much about it
a.1) especially as they are not letting aid in
b) the presendential race effects many of us far more
c) some of us have already donated to funds / lit some candles etc and have done all we can.

I mean, 200,000 people are dead in burma and all you can do is complain about how a NON MEDIA OUTLET website that is here to entertain is not dedicating it's front page to story after story saying the same thing about which we already know?

Oh shit, did I just feed a troll? :( gulp
Most of us will be directly affected by the outcome of that election.  Most of us are not directly affected by the typhoon in Burma/Myanmar.  

While we're likely all aware of what's happening in Burma/Myanmar, there's not really much to discuss.  There's a country with a military dictatorship that doesn't smile upon foreign intervention.  They've had a giant natural catastrophe and are rejecting offers of foreign help.  Unless we're going to provide assistance at the barrel of a gun (and I think we've had quite enough of that for a few years) nothing's going to happen, and there really isn't much to talk about. 

What would you care to add to the discussion?
Istanbul was Constantinople: http://youtube.com/watch?v=A3_n0B1EaOY
Myanmese... you mean Myanmese.
Yeah, you outed me. I'm a fucking shill for the WaPo. My cover's been blown. Where do I go from here?

I just noticed the BBC is now referring to the country as "Burma"; This is not an oversight on my part; they continue to use "Myanmar" in [some sections](http://www.bbc.co.uk/weather/5day.shtml?world=2710).
Those people serve no political purpose to Reddit or the Democratic party. This can't be blamed on America or Bush, so why are their deaths significant again?
And those 200,000 dead won't be voting for Obama.
Oops, my bad....you're right. That'll teach me to use the CIA Fact Book. https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/bm.html versus Wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burma
dont be a dick, its foolish. Yes I know the difference, but you still understood me, so what's the point of you being so angry and foolish in return?
What does it have to do with julianwan's post? Oh wait, nothing. Please be more ridiculous.
I want an option to remove politics from my view of reddit, the amount of Obama and Hillary  stuff is annoying and is pointless spam. I know i am going to be down modded for this but really i have had enough there is more going on in the world that u.s politics.
Well said, very well said!
I just wanted to add in that I felt this way as well.

You put it perfectly:  this election will affect us. The tragedy however, has already passed.

It's not that I'm not sad or feel sorry for the people, but the country that *I* live in might head in the direction of their government if we're not careful to avoid another Bush.
Well aren't Burmese people worth 2/3 or so of an American life? We should account for that lowered value when giving numbers.

Summary:
we know, we know, WE KNOW!
200,000 PEOPLE died in Burma?
Well said, very well said!
If it were up to you, how would this discussion on "200,000 people dead in Burma" go?
It used to be Burma, now its english name has been changed to Myanmar by the "government" much to the dissatisfaction of a lot of people who live there.
Most of us are aware of what happened.
You want a country to invade?
It's just confusing and most people from there will always refer to themselves as being from Burma.
There aren't 200,000 Americans in Burma!
It's silly to call it Myanmar really and then say Burmese people live there.
Like you know julianwan at all.
While we're likely all aware of what's happening in Burma/Myanmar, there's not really much to discuss.
Where do I go from here?
There are real problems out there, like getting Obama elected.
There isn't much else to say.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
