Original Response:
500 quatloos on the newcomers!

http://allyourtrekarebelongto.us/gamesters.htm
Sooooo, this video is from 2002.

And the company is Canadian, not American.

Non-issue.
AND 9/11 WAS AN INSIDE JOB, WAKE UP SHEEPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RTFA.
Enough already.
This is really messed up. I like how at the end, they assume passengers would give up their rights to ensure a secure flight. No way you're putting your wrist taser on me.
This is a parody, right? Please tell me this is a parody.
ok.i watched this adn the first two seconds  i thought..ok..put a small piece of rubber...like out of a shoe between your skin and the emd...bam...trillions of dollars of security beaten by a shoe....how stupid are people
Coming soon: the Pre-emptive Noose (tm). We all put our head in the noose, our trust in the government, and our freedom in cold storage.
&gt;Depending on the type of transmission medium used to send the activating signal, other passengers may also become temporarily incapacitated, which is undesirable and unfortunate, but may be unavoidable.

Sweet
The video mentions that secure cockpit doors ought to be installed in all planes by 2003.  I suspect this is quite old, and unlikely to be implemented in the near future, since so far it hasn't been for years.
Can you say "Racial profiling MOAR!"?
Enjoy walking to Europe! :)
"Reinforced cockpit doors should be installed on all airplanes by some time in 2003"

Uh, folks... old news. I'm going to bet that somebody figured out that if the "good guys" (I'm being generous here folks) could trigger these tasers, then the bad guys could too. Obviously this idea came to nothing.
um.... you mean swim?
If flying is so dangerous that something like this is needed then the solution (at least for me) is to not fly anywhere
[deleted]
If you wish.
Nevermind the fun you have if you hack the radio control system, or maybe they can be triggered by rf noise.
So, the attacking hijacker has a knife.  Why didn't he cut the bracelet off first?
Either that or a piece of conductive material like aluminum foil.

Then if you have your own Taser Bracelet Controller, you can incapacitate the entire passenger cabin and do with them what you will - MUAHAHAHAAAAAA!
Can we wear long sleeves?
Did anyone else chuckle when the innocent passenger was hit?
They didn't lobby hard enough.
Quick, someone make a Jesus username...
Astroturfing for the Canadian empire conspiracy, eh?
&gt; This is really messed up. I like how at the end, they assume passengers would give up their rights to ensure a secure flight

1. "If you don't put taser bracelet on your wrist, the terrorists have won!" &lt;- This line will convince more than half the country to favor these "security bracelets"

2. Airlines throw people off their flights for wearing "too short skirts" or "too tight sweaters" or for speaking in a "muslim"-sounding language.. Do you think they will have any second thoughts throwing you out because you refused to wear that taser=bracelet?..or if you refused to go through "security check"(/cavity search)?

Solution: (to most of the problems caused by the incredibly DUMB general population) earn enough money to fly 1st class..
I especially liked the concern about those reinforced doors being defeated by plastic explosives.
Any cut on the bracelet will automatically send a signal to the cockpit overriding pilot control and making the aircraft plummet on a 90 degree angle into the Earth. All passengers on board can rest assure that their plane isn't going to be used for terroristic activities and they can die a patriotic death.
Well, in all fairness, it WOULD defeat the reinforced doors. Defeating the rest of the cockpit and probably first class too is just an unexpected benefit.
or take a rubber waxing and apply to your arm like they do in labs working with raw radiation
I loved the bit about ho reinforce cockpit doors was not good enough: "The terrorist could have explosives." Make the door strong enough, and it doesn't matter. If the terrorist just wants to blow up the plane, he wont bring the explosives as carry-on.
[deleted]
And its Canadian by the look of the flags and airplane companies.

Some Canadian company 6 years ago tried to make some cash and failed.

It must be a slow news day for Alex Jones
"Lamperd even posts a series of letters on its website showing interest in the product for use "outside of airport security,"

Coming soon to a school near you!
I'll walk
I see what you did there
I guess there's a certain strata of society who did
Or simply swap bracelets with a random passenger. They try to shock you and get them instead!
Video synopsis:

1. Explain why all other technologies are expensive, inconvenient, fail or all of the above.

2. Introduce solution: new technology which is also expensive, inconvenient and will fail for all the same reasons.
Hey that's it.  Instead of traveling and exploring the world freely why don't we just stay at home and stare at our 70" TV's all day?
Brillant - now you don't have to bomb the plane anymore you just have to cut a bracelet.
We should make politicians wear them, so we can shock them every time they make stupid suggestions like this.
Only idiots would buy into Alex Jones's shit
Is it really so difficult to use proper punctuation, spelling and capitalization?  Is it really so difficult to spell check, or abstain from writing in a completely conversational style?

I can't believe you have 20+ points for that piece of shit comment.  Reddit is failing so hard the past week or two.  Downmod away, as I'm sure you will; I'm just really sick of this.
&gt;labs working with raw radiation  

As opposed to the labs that work with processed radiation?
So just how does this thing send an isolated device and not just to the whole plane?

I love this stuff. In a year when airlines are showing huge losses due to high fuel prices, can't you just see them implementing a technology that would drive away their customers in, er, planeloads..

Version 2. The EMD is fitted with small explosive which kills the would be terrorist while only causing minor injury to passengers in nearby seats - remember folks.. it's in your best interests..
That's brilliant. You could inflate it and use it as comfy neck cushion to help you nap in flight.
I can't wait to hack into that system...

Imaging the class action law suite when everyone on the plane is shocked at the same time...
No, but it was funny when the marshall blew a hole in the plane.
Airlines will not, of course, be liable to any legal action in the event of unnecessary passenger injury.
This is just a near sighted commercial venture - I can't imagine the shareholders of an airline agreeing to being tased as they sip their champagne in first class somehow. Has anyone actually bought and implemented this dumb piece of crap?
Are these the people who make the electronic tagging things for prison use?
Yea, who needs security devices when you can just stop people with dark skin getting on planes in the first place. Much cheaper option.
Priceless comment from down the blog page:-

&gt;Johannes Poulard Says:
March 23rd, 2008 at 8:21 pm

&gt;This “EMD Bracelet” is just as not needed as any other security measure. I was almost stripped naked in Frankfurt this year on my way home. Standard proceture in Germany now. I told the security agent that the only security I need is the Cross of Christ that hangs around my neck. This type of cross is worn by any believing Orthodox Christian. It is the symbol of Christ’s victory and the hope for our Salvation. When I fly I say a few prayers and put my life in God’s hands. If it’s my time to go, there is nothing I can do about it. So who needs these bracelets, RFID chips and all these other stupid gadgets that paranoid people need. My cross is all I need.
Don't forget this is on infowars. If this actually happened, it would be the best thing that ever happened to Amtrak.
It isn't so far-fetched that someday all citizens would be forced to wear such things.  After all, in some areas it's illegal to wear a bulletproof vest -- all citizens must be vulnerable to police bullets.
600 quatloos!
i'm not exactly sure of the difference but i think it means working with it in a controlled environment filled by it versus working with a contained sample in a controlled space like a lead box (to put it simply)
Hair-jizz guy sees the potential in this.
Great thinking. I, for one, can't wait to hack this system. Will the pilots be wearing one as well? Even more fun. Screaming baby? No problem- zap. Annoying passenger prattling on about nothing? Zap. Kid behind you pushing on your chair? ZAP ZAP ZAP ZAP
What, these devices are so cheap they can't tell if the signal was intended for them?? I've heard of cost-cutting but this is ridiculous...
Well, language is about getting ideas from your head to another person's head.  You do what seems to work.  Spelling is like error in an experiment.  A certain amount is tolerable before it starts getting in the way.
You don't have to fly to get around.  Oceans will be tough, but are doable.
What is this "TV" you speak of?
The point is failing to recognize the infraction on civil liberties...
That is so sexy.
TSA security is an infringement of freedom by the government and I oppose it for that reason.  Having said that, if you are trying to do something, just because someone is standing in your way, trying to control you, it doesn't mean you have to abandon you goals.  There's always another way, even if it hasn't been discovered yet.

Summary:
I see what you did there.
"If you don't put taser bracelet on your wrist, the terrorists have won!"
I like how at the end, they assume passengers would give up their rights to ensure a secure flight.
I can't wait to hack into that system...
I like how at the end, they assume passengers would give up their rights to ensure a secure flight

1.
If it’s my time to go, there is nothing I can do about it.
My cross is all I need.
This is really messed up.
I, for one, can't wait to hack this system.
You don't have to fly to get around.
Well, in all fairness, it WOULD defeat the reinforced doors.
I loved the bit about ho reinforce cockpit doors was not good enough: "The terrorist could have explosives."
This is a parody, right?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
