Original Response:
That's a good thing.. Open up more trade channels.. that's never bad.

I just know someone's going to have an example where it is bad..

But in this case, it's a good thing.
Under WTO rules each existing member can block new members.

So, Ukraine will block Russia...
why?
Russia isn't a member of the WTO?  Wow, you learn something new everyday.
Ha ha, the Ukraine.  Do you know what the Ukraine is?  It's a sitting
duck.  A road apple, Newman.  The Ukraine is weak.  It's feeble.  I think it's
time to put the hurt on the Ukraine.
[Ukraine’s accession to WTO is a problem for Russia](http://www.russiatoday.ru/business/news/20555)
Ukraine is game to you?  How about I take your little board and *SMASH*.
WTO is obsolete!

[10 Reasons Why We Need to Abolish
the World Trade Organization (WTO)](http://www.organicconsumers.org/Corp/abolishwto.cfm)
World Tiddlywinks Organisation?
In other news, Vladamir Putin currently hospitalized for colon rupture after shitting bricks.
I, for one, welcome our nwo overlords.
See, folks? *This* is why we gotta bomb Ukraine.
Sorry to burst your bubble but it won't get there. Ukraine is interested in Russia getting into WTO (actually every country is). Georgia however is absolutely fanatic about it, and has promised to veto "forever".
And replace it with what?

The WTO aims to liberalize trade which is it generally does.  I find that a lot of the people criticizing the WTO have no idea what the hell they are talking about and attribute problems to free-trade when the problems are in fact made much worst in the absence of free trade.

Take this for instance:
"The WTO hurts the Third World. WTO rules force Third World countries to
open their markets to rich country multinationals"

That has only helped the third world countries.  If it weren't for the dealings with multinationals there would be more resistance to unions, poorer working conditions, lower pay.

I'm so sick of hearing about free trade being the cause of a death of a particular union member...  It's not free trade causing it - if anything free trade raises the awareness that these things happen and lessens the chances of it happening in the future.

The only valid criticism of it's existence is that it sometimes does things that are in the interest of free-trade as they claim to be and advocate for.
Do you know about Russia-Ukraine gas dispute?
That's a reason
[deleted]
There's no dispute for quite some time.
And yet the Stoli keeps flowing.
You have made my day.  This was funnier than anything on reddit for the last week.
When faced with disappointment Putin eats the face of a Chechen baby.
indeed, Georgia has already done it
wto is *managed* trade, not free trade.
No shit it's managed but they have a goal which is to further liberalize trade.
Ukraine just paid a gas debt.
[deleted]
Ukraine is officially fucked.
NATO bases in Ukraine -&gt; Ukraine joins WTO
The iron curtain just keeps a-movin eastwards... http://www.passportstamp.com/place/Ukraine#map
[deleted]
Don't get me wrong, every culture should become independent from other oppressive ones (from the Basque Country to Tibet, including Palestine), but I've noticed people just don't relate with Russians on Muslim extremism (Beslan school hostage crisis and the Moscow theater hostage crisis).

Why is that?
but WTO doesn't hurry up to invite Russia
exactly!
Russia could claim Crimea... and already did it
Open markets are good for state subsidized multinationals, they just dump their cheaper products and ruin local enterprise (especially small ones) - this applies clearly to farming.

Open markets allow the free flow of capital, a foreign company would just take the profit away to their country.

That's why India and China have corporatist and protectionist markets.
*embarrassing expression of detached cruelty removed* 

edit: **Whoa, on second reading I realized what I wrote is way over the top. I'm definitely conflating Russia (the country) with Russians (its inhabitants). Sorry, that's not right.**
The WTO is a table. People sit round the table and negotiate. What do you expect the table to do?
[deleted]
Here I was hoping that anyone had anything interesting to say about this. I was disappointed.
ok, I say: "interesting"
I don't think 'deserve' is the proper term because innocent civilians don't deserve to be terrorized - but that is how the whole mess starts, isn't it?  Innocent people in far-off countries are slaughtered due to some 'regrettable errors in judgement' on the part of some vastly overpowered military machine and their surviving friends/relatives make a blood oath for vengeance, yadda yadda, etc.  

If not the innocent voting civilians, then who in this scenario does actually take responsibility for guiding the governmental process of intimidating, interfering with and oppressing the peoples of other nations?  I think it's easy to observe throughout the world that when these forms of 'diplomacy' are not used, the civilian population of the government is not threatened by terrorism and things like 9/11 simply don't occur.
In post-Soviet Russia, WTO joins Y-- no, stop, i'm embarrassed to even be typing this.
you mean .. In other news bush forgets how close world was to being destroyed last time we tried this shit with russia...

TWO minutes to Miiiiiidnightt!! to KILL!! the unborn in the wooooooommmb!!!!
http://www.lyricsfreak.com/i/iron+maiden/2+minutes+to+midnight_20067954.html
and cheney can dislocate his jaw and swallow a 5 year old child whole for its' life force.
He keeps a fresh supply of them in his man sized safe in his office. One day he was grilling one up to try a new recipe.. the rest is history...
mind telling me how the FUCK you become independent from an opressive regime by joining the WTO???

Oy the ignorance...
haha. Thank you. I was going to post this but you sir are a person of impeccible taste
The Ukraine is not weak!
In Russia, WTO joins YOU
Don't you realize we should just enact free trade instantly by a miracle from heaven? Managed trade is obviously worse than that.
You become less dependent on trading with the oppressive regime?
Read the whole thing, I'm talking about Chechnya.
I missed the school mention- was that after an edit?
Anyways- what happened at the school is very, very interesting. And has more to do with the russians than the rebels.
Have you reviewed that entire debacle closely? are you familiar with when the explosions went off and what happened?
&gt;I missed the school mention- was that after an edit?

How would Muslim anything apply to Ukrainians?

&gt;has more to do with the Russians than the rebels

Who do you ultimately blame for what happened at the Waco Siege?

In both cases (Beslan and Moscow) over 1000 children/people were taken, and the majority were saved because of their aggressive action.
the waco siege was Janet Reno's abortion.
The entire thing was avoidable as FBI and ATF videotapes and eyewitnesses show.

I think you need to review WACO all over again- you completely missed that those people were originally there because they wanted to be there, they only got concerned when tanks surrounded their complex.. and by then it was too late.

the american government always murders the head of any  movement that is more powerful than the local law enforcement, regardless of whether they are peaceful or not.
And usually a lot of followers get stuck in the crossfire as well.

you also need to do your homework on beslan- that was russias fault those people died.

...what precipitated the use of force at midday local time on 3 September, when talks were still under way with the hostage takers on recovering the bodies of adult hostages killed two days earlier. At that juncture, the school building was surrounded by hundreds of Russian troops. But apparently no effort had been made to cordon off a security area to prevent unauthorized individuals venturing within gunshot range of the building. On the contrary, parents of the hostages, some of them armed, were allowed to keep vigil in the vicinity, "The Guardian" reported on 4 September. Some of those parents, according to FSB official Andreev, returned fire on 3 September when the hostage takers began shooting at hostages who sought to escape through holes apparently blasted in the side of the school building by Russian special troops. At that juncture, Russian forces launched an all-out onslaught....

Summary:
The WTO is a table.
wto is *managed* trade, not free trade.
In Russia, WTO joins YOU.
The Ukraine is not weak!
Ukraine is interested in Russia getting into WTO (actually every country is).
Russia isn't a member of the WTO?
I missed the school mention- was that after an edit?
Do you know what the Ukraine is?
I think it's
time to put the hurt on the Ukraine.
And has more to do with the russians than the rebels.
Take this for instance:
"The WTO hurts the Third World.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
