Original Response:
I don't understand why people would want to leave a democracy?

Why don't they just become more politically active to change it?

&lt;/sarcasm&gt;
[deleted]
You seem to be repeatedly making these sorts of comments. I don't get your point.

Are these diggs at Zimbabwe's claim to be a "democracy" or are you mistaking a military-backed and authoritarian dictatorship for democracy?
This kind of thing breaks my heart. Full disclosure:  my father is black and to see the blacks ruling things so badly that women and children are risking their very lives to cross a border is, for me, painful. 

It seems that Mugabe (who's 84; older than I thought) is now using the UN food aid packages as leverage against people who don't support him. Only those who support his party actually see any of the food.  How someone can go from liberation hero to, what can only be described as a vindictive dictator is hard to believe.

What does warm me though, is the fact that people across the border, in a country that was once villified by the world community as a hotbed for human rights abuses, is welcoming these refugees with open arms, "...giving them a safe house and a warm cup of porridge, and helping them along their way to Messina...".  It's indicative of the circular nature of the world and is almost karmic in it's reciprocity that less than thirty years ago, the flow of human traffic was entirely the other direction where South Africans were fleeing their own repressive apartheid regime.

This particular paragraph made me wince -

&gt; "Ms. Ngewerume, the escaped former shopkeeper, said opposition supporters in her village in central Zimbabwe became easy targets because they had danced and sung in the streets after early results were tacked up on polling station doors. When the final results did not come, they went into hiding. But the thugs found them anyway, she said."
The number sounds familiar, ah yes:

&gt; Wednesday 02 January 2008

&gt;Washington - U.S. admissions of Iraqi refugees are nose-diving amid bureaucratic in-fighting despite the Bush administration's pledge to boost them to roughly 1,000 per month, according to State Department statistics obtained by The Associated Press.
For the third straight month since the United States said it would improve processing and resettle 12,000 Iraqis by the end of the current budget year on Sept. 30., the number admitted has actually slid, the figures show.

&gt;The steady decline - from 450 in October to 362 in November and 245 in December - means the administration will have to allow in 10,943 Iraqis over the next nine months, or roughly 1,215 per month, to meet the target it has set for itself.
http://www.truthout.org/docs_2006/010308H.shtml

Though they're leaving due to the actions of a different kind of dictator.
This will surely put even more pressure on S Africa's few million taxpayers, prompting futher emigration and exacerbating the skills crisis.

It's Africa after all.
&gt;It's indicative of the circular nature of the world and is almost karmic in it's reciprocity that less than thirty years ago, the flow of human traffic was entirely the other direction where South Africans were fleeing their own repressive apartheid regime.
Nope, the net flow has been out of the rest of Africa and into South Africa for decades. There were only ever at most a few tens of thousands of ANC activists who fled the country, while millions of people were eaten by lions in Kruger Park or fried on the electric fence in their desperation to rech South Africa, even when the Nats were in power.
Woops, let me fix that:

&gt;It's indicative of the circular nature of the world and is almost karmic in it's reciprocity that less than thirty years ago, the flow of human traffic was entirely the other direction where South Africans were fleeing their own repressive apartheid regime.

Nope, the net flow has been out of the rest of Africa and into South Africa for decades. There were only ever at most a few tens of thousands of ANC activists who fled the country, while millions of people were eaten by lions in Kruger Park or fried on the electric fence in their desperation to reach South Africa, even when the Nats were in power.
I wonder if there will ever come a point when our government will start classifying these as political refugees, instead of economic refugees. Not easily, I presume, as that would be an admission of crisis in Zimbabwe, counter to the present denialist attitude.
Meanwhile, it would not surprise me if the number of Zim refugees are used to swell SA tourism figures, to create an illusion that SA is a popular travel destination.
Edit: OUR SA government. Mine.
I HATE South Africa's silence with regards to the atrocities going on in Zim. Purely because, Mugabe and Mbeki were struggle brothers back in the apartheid days (more than 14 years ago). Mbeki chooses to ignore the plight of the Zimbabwean people. Even more, the Chinese vessel FILLED with weapons, to be used by Mugabe against Zimbabweans. The African government saw nothing wrong with it, even though Mozambique/Angola REFUSE to let the ship dock at their harbours. I SPIT on you Mbeki. You have not only let your country down, but our neightbours as well.
He's putting an ironic spin on the comments of all those Americans who insist working "within the system" is the way to "fix" democracy.
&gt;I HATE South Africa's silence with regards to the atrocities going on in Zim.

So do I. It seems that in South African politics hypocrisy abounds.
I agree that Mbeki has not handled this whole thing well.  And I agree that he has let his people down (BIG TIME!) and made us look like a bunch of twits to the rest of the World.  However, we seem to be placing the blame for this on South Africa, and not on the other neighbours or the international community.  The same international community, which threw South Africa out into the cold with sanctions and embargos, will not do the same to Zim (esp. the UN and EU!!!!)

A correction - The ship with the weapons was originally landing in Durban, it is now going to Angola, because SA and Mozambique have refused... 

I'm also not sure what everyone expected Mbeki to do?  Invade?  Even if he said something against old Mad Bob, what good would it do, but cut SA off from Zim and leave no room for Aid to the Zimbabwean people...
I've lived through the 80's, and can just say that anyone who slipped across to Zimbabwe then, could quite easily have gone through the Beit Bridge border post, if they had nothing to hide. I certainly do not recall any significant exodus.
Unfortunately Mugabe is seen as a hero. Even his buddy in Namibia, who has idea's of his form of land grabs. My big issue with South Africa, is that, we ARE the leaders of Sub-Sahara Africa. It took the Dock workers union, and the high court (NOT the government), to refuse the weapon ship, to unload its cargo. 

What could Mbeki have done? How about NOT enter into his quiet diplomacy denialism stance. Embargoes of our own. For one, all the electricity we are exporting to Zim.

You are correct though. My heart bleeds for the people of Zim. Unfortunately, the refugees are putting huge strain on South Africa now. But what else can they do?

The SADC is a joke. So was Mbeki ignoring the UN security council, when Zimbabwe came up.
PS: The ship is on its way to Angola now? EVEN if they dock there, that is good news. Because I HIGHLY doubt, that Botswana (God bless em) will allow the weapons entry, through to Zim.
Haha, yes the SADC is indeed a [joke](http://www.mg.co.za/zapiro/imageToday.aspx?YearId=2008|MonthId=4|DayId=180)
I doubt the weapons will make it passed the gates of the harbour, before they 'vanish' into the hands of some or other fighting group in central Africa. sigh... But you're right, I don't think the Botswana Gov (new pres and all) will let that happen
Mbeki at the UN Security Council wasn't just a joke, but very embarrassing!!! I hung my head in shame as he tried to skirt the issue...
Indeed it was :(
Wish I knew why, what does Bob have, that intimidates Mbeki so much?
Theories abound... But it has to be something that has Mbeki acting like he does.  Perhaps Bob's threatened to call him a "British Imperialist Organ-Grinder Monkey" or variation on that theme…
Not to worry, the UN has been and will continue to work on a solution to the problem. 

As we speak, the UN in forming a fact finding unit to send to the region. Their report will be issued in 12-18 months, upon which a course of action can begin to be formulated.

We can all sleep well tonight.
Maybe the US could invade Nigeria? That should work.

(It has oil, a corrupt leadship and is in no way connected to the problems i Zimbabwe)
No, I prefer to put my trust fully in the UN and hope that millions will not die from the UN's bureaucracy and corruption.

The US nor any other nation has any business interferring in the situation.
I would also have liked to pin my hopes on the UN. I feel it is too much to ask military intervention from major Western powers that are embroiled in their own problems.
However, I fear that the UN will act too late,  only when the death toll has risen to much higher numbers.
Regarding the arms shipment to Zimbabwe, I believe it is not purposed so much for the intimidation of opposition voters. They are so weakened and demoralised that beatings with sticks will do. (Often within an inch of their life).
The UN should take note that this massive shipment is intended for resisting the intervention of UN peace keeping forces, and accordingly take whatever action is needed to prevent it's delivery.
TIA.
I'm confused...

Do you believe in the UN or not?

What can the UN actually do in Zimbabwe?
Not that it's not bad, but why do you say it's hypocritical exactly?
Ja, well, it's very different you see. Mugabe murders tens of thousands of people and starves another two million, he's a hero - farmers feed almost all of southern Africa and they're settler parasites who need to go back to Europe. Welcome to Africa.
Agreed - lets hope that when this get sorted out they can get all those farms back and an running to feed all of us in Southern Africa!  Most Zimbos are AWESOME people who are really motivated to show the world that they can be an awesome country again...

UPDATE: The ship (from China) has not been given permission to enter the waters of SA and Mozambique, and Zambia has told Namibia and Angola to do the same - at least there is some sense coming from a SADC leader!
I do beleive in the UN.

We will see what the UN can do in Zimbabwe over the course of the next couple years once the their studying the situation is completed and a course of action is decided.

No single country should take any action there. We should wait for the UN to solve the problem. This will provide the best results.

Summary:
I do beleive in the UN.
What can the UN actually do in Zimbabwe?
I SPIT on you Mbeki.
I HATE South Africa's silence with regards to the atrocities going on in Zim.
I don't get your point.
I would also have liked to pin my hopes on the UN.
I don't understand why people would want to leave a democracy?
&gt;I HATE South Africa's silence with regards to the atrocities going on in Zim.
The SADC is a joke.
It seems that in South African politics hypocrisy abounds.
Unfortunately, the refugees are putting huge strain on South Africa now.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
