Original Response:
This is bullcrap.  What they're doing, not the story ;)
Imagine I live next door to a loser security guard working the local mall, he is pissed that your dog craps on his front lawn. Loser security guard calls the cops and says you were shoplifting from his mall. Next day your picture is up on the site for the whole world to see that you are a shoplifter. Two months later, charges are dropped for lack of evidence, loser is fired from the mall, YOU are still a shoplifter. Loser gets job at other mall. I certainly hope the ACLU stops this or it will soon be in a community near you too.
As if to prove the point of the story, there are plenty of people in the comments who are skimming right over the difference between being accused and being convicted.
[deleted]
depends on the circumstances... Caught sneaking out with shit? You're guilty. What would the trial do?
Clearly you have no understanding of the concepts of "guilty" or "trial".
The only surprise here is that anyone is surprised.  In this post-9/11 world...
It's still the wild west out in Arizona apparently.  You should see the other shit the police do around here.  The Sheriff and the Mayor of Phoenix are always getting into public disputes about police raids among other things.  The Sheriff is also going after the Phoenix New Times about articles it writes about his tactics.  Crazy shit.
STOP! Don't read the comments on azcentral.com! You'll get dummer real fast and shit. 

Damnit! See? I read some of the comments yesterday. Fuck me sideways.

*But they're a great place to troll.* :D
I contend that any photos that the store takes of you are their property and can be used how they like.

What if they see you, on camera, stealing, and you get away.

How else but posting photos of you stealing to warn clerks and customers so they can prevent the theft next time?
The activities of the police ARE a public record.  So if the police arrest Bob for jaywalking, it doesn't matter if Bob did it or not - the record of his arrest is public knowledge - up to and including mug shot.
Procedures vary from one state to the next, but normally, you get access to those public records by making an official request, in writing, to the agency in question, and they have a prescribed amount of time to respond.

And in many cases, fulfillment of those requests is postponed while the case is under investigation. 

There's a pretty big difference between that and putting people's names, pictures, and a description of pending charges up on a heavily publicized website.
I spent 30+ hours behind bars because my ex-gf didn't take kind of me saying "listen, it's over... I'm in love with someone else".  All you need is someone to accuse you of something and you can forget about your rights.
Agreed.  While they might have "the right" to do this, it is definitely not right to do so.

Reminds me of the city that started posting the pictures of accused johns on their website specifically to shame them and try to discourage prostitution.  No word on how many innocents got roped into that...
Wow, did she pull a "He told me to say I fell down the stairs" on you?
"He threw me against the wall and slapped me around" was more like it.  Yet... there were no bruises.  Cops are so smart.
What is the difference from them being on the news when they are caught? I see it every night, an accused shoplifter, there is his mugshot, an accused rapist there is his mugshot, and an accused murderer, there is his mugshot.
[deleted]
People complain about their lost rights, but grumbling won't win any revolutions.
"Freedom of information" still has to be balanced with the individual's rights. Being accused can be costly, and although what the police do should be open, I'm ok with it being translucent, as I think the cost of the loss of reputation is greater than the cost of the loss through police misbehavior. Mind you, I'm not saying it should never be published, just not before things have developed further.
Well, this is Maricopa County, where Sheriff Joe Arpaio mistreats those helds in his jails. And most of them are people who have yet to be convicted. Accussed of a crime and cant make bail? Then you get green baloney sandwiches, pink clothing and work on the chain gang.

The people of Phoenix keep electing him, so as far as I'm concerned, fuck Phoenix.
While the mug shot is public record, the police department is publicizing those mugshots to punish those accused.  That's the problem as I see it.
The stores can do what they want with the photos, but the problem is that the *police department* (and by extension, the city) is using photos to essentially punish people who have not necessarily been convicted.
Ever seen the show on A&amp;E I think it's called the First 48 or something..same exact thing. They just have a disclaimer saying "All people are innocent are innocent until proven guilty." But their pictures are all over the U.S. with an hour long documentary accusing them of crimes which they are not convicted of yet.
As long as the mugshots say something like "Alleged Shoplifter", the ACLU can't do shit about it.  As already pointed out here, it's the same as showing the picture of somebody on trial.
damn!

yeah DNRTFA....
Fucking west valley.
Before I read the article, I thought it was just that the stores would be posting pictures and I thought the same thing, "So what?"
Wow, you should really think about punching her in the boob.
http://www.avondale.org/index.asp?nid=993

Oh c'mon . . . they all look guilty as hell.
"All persons are entitled to the presumption of innocence."
Presumption of innocence, assumption of guilt.  Learn it and understand it, because the law enforcers and courts certainly do.
Posting the indentities of the arrested before conviction should be a crime.
Well, I mean, who's going to run against him?  His only competition is soon-to-be felons.
Welcome to Phoenix, AZ.  This is the land where blowing a .01 (yes, .01) will put you in jail, get your license revoked, and install a breathalyser in you car.

On the first offense.

This is also the land where you can get away with anything (literally murder) so long as your not a citizen of this country.  Also, beware of the fact that there are cameras everywhere.

Everywhere.
If the security guard goes as far as getting you arrested, then your arrest information is public domain.  This is nothing new.  Anywhere you get arrested in the United States, the arrest information and mugshots are available.  You have to file with the state to have the information removed.
I despise that man. I once watched a show on him, and he stated that his biggest bust was Elvis Presley. Translation? He doesn't care about the law in the least, he just enjoys stirring himself up some controversy and attention.
I wanted to, badly, after I came out.  However, last I heard she was getting beatings from her current "man" for being a slut.

I guess karma does exist.
That's 100% legit. The photo was legally captured, and trials and arrests are supposed to be open and public. You can announce arrests for shoplifting.

Also to the troll who posted this: can you imagine if they were forbidden to distribute information on who has been arrested?
[deleted]
Where I live the local paper publishes the names of people arrested for DUIs and drug possession.
Those comments are scary.  There are also plenty of people in the comments who are basically saying that the cops wouldn't arrest you if you weren't guilty.
There is a huge difference between public domain and automatically posted to a website that is nothing more than a publicity stunt for a police department. A police department who should be spending money on fighting crime, not building and hosting websites.
Problem is stupid old folks in the Sun Cities, they think he is protecting them, and he makes sure they all vote. 

Stupid medical science helping idiots live longer!
Do you even know what a troll is? 

Hint: Go Find A Mirror.
I don't have one under the bridge.
Beat me to it.  Exactly!  Pot kettle black and all that.
...or he was proud that the men in his department treated suspects equally, regardless of celebrity. Your quote is so vague you can interpret it however you want.
I wonder how the police would feel if someone started a website posting their photographs along with some text saying:

"Accused of civil rights violations*

*All persons are entitled to the presumption of innocence."
He arrested Presley himself, not his men. And you'd think an honest law man would be prouder of arresting a more dangerous criminal than some celebrity.

Not to mention: http://www.arpaio.com/arpaio-truth/index.php.

Shocking news: Joe Arpaio is full of histrionic shit.
[deleted]
According to you, when *asked* (presumably in some interview, you don't say) what his "biggest bust" was, he mentioned Elvis. According to the link you provided, he didn't arrest Elvis at all. All this seems a little pedantic and inconsequential for you to judge whether he's an "honest law man" or not.
The worst part is that the west-siders all feel the need to commute to Mill Avenue and Old town Scottsdale at night.

GET THE F*CK OFF MY LAWN!

No, I do not want to see your retarded "famous" T-shirt, your Star Tattoos, or your lifted truck.

/sigh
well...he IS protecting them.  Have you ever driven through west phoenix before?

Go take a drive down McDowell or Van Buren west of the 17.

Its cruel, but those areas both look like a post-invasion war zone.
I think "These inmates are allowed to think they are innocent" would be more effective.
Those Quotas have to be met somehow.
The reason that happens is because the people on TV have signed a release. They're getting paid well for selling out any dignity they once possessed.
McDowell west of the 17? I stayed in a motel there while looking for an apartment (moving in from out of town). Scary part of town, I wouldn't stay there again...

[Motel](http://maps.google.com/?ie=UTF8&amp;ll=33.463137,-112.118072&amp;spn=0.000498,0.001255&amp;t=h&amp;z=20)
Hmmm... Interesting ethical point.

But I think there is a little difference though. This tactic of displaying faces of alleged shoplifters is a sanctioned activity of the government, while (responsible) newspapers are recording events important to the community.

There is a bit of ambiguity here. Hmm...
Ever since I moved here (Phoenix) I see it all over Reddit. And it's never a good thing.
Using nuclear missiles win revolutions.
I left mine out in the sun light. :(
&gt;I guess karma does exist.

Well, obviously! I mean, it's right there, next to your name and what used to be a red envelope...

In other new, 30 years [edit: nvm, I'm an idiot]? Holy fucking shit.
I read that wrong and was about to comment on the relation between being a "slut" and finding another man within a 30-hour time frame.
I remember when an individual's rights were sacred in this country. That was before the Neocons took over and decided that making money is all the U$ should be about.

As long as just one single individual can be "set up" as a shoplifter by a security agent with a grudge, we must assume that all shoplifters are innocent until the trial is over. Only then should store management be allowed to put anyone's image on line without that person's written permission.

We are The People, Americans beholden to no foreign power and, above all, not some corporation. Never forget this: Corporatism = Fascism. We Americans have two choices now -- either help reign in Corporate power by not shopping at these giants, or continue to trade our freedoms for toys and plastic trinkets.
Important lesson, break up in a public place such as a nice restaurant (get her to agree to buy first) or phone in the break-up.
I was shocked to find out that shoplifting is the only misdemeanor you can be arrested for even when an officer does not directly see you do it where I'm from(Arkansas). 

A friend of mine was falsely accused of shoplifting at a K-Mart, the security guards confronted him in plain clothes outside, he ran thinking he was being robbed, broke his foot, and was choked. 

There were no cameras running, so he lost his case.
The 623 area code should be walled off and left to douchebag itself into oblivion.
Exactly, which is arguably satisfied if you say "alleged shoplifter."
&gt; "(Stores) keep on losing merchandise. And with that, they keep on losing profit," said Sgt. Memo Espinoza, an Avondale police spokesman. "Our purpose is not to embarrass the individuals."

It's OK - we're doing it for the money!
I say this:

Wall of the 623 area code, but then every few days inject a few of the kids that have never existed without daddy's credit card into the mix.  If they survive, they get to continue living off of their parents.

Either that, or they can assimilate the so-cal soldier lifestyle, and eventually create a 623/Zombie army that will try and overthrow scottsdale/tempe.

Video game what?
thats got to be one of the shiniest [hotels](http://maps.google.com/?ie=UTF8&amp;t=h&amp;ll=33.464224,-112.117045&amp;spn=0.002108,0.003648&amp;z=18&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=33.463166,-112.117225&amp;cbp=1,280.41000000000014,,0,5) i've ever seen
It's also where those assholes who do Stop Light tickets are based.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oh, wow. &gt;.&lt;
It's not unreasonable to bar known shoplifters from your store, regardless of if they've made their way through the courts already. Shoplifters have a high rate of recidivism. They get kicked out of one store or bailed from the station and head straight off to nick a pack of smokes.
My judgement is also based off the fact that he keeps prisoners living in sub-human conditions in tents in the Arizona heat.

I was adding on to the above comment.
Really zero tolerance for drunk driving isn't that bad of a thing, do you realize how many people driving kills a year?  I'm not even entirely sure if I'm comfortable with SOBER people driving.
Man, at least she didn't get her wrists bruised from your powerful manhands CATCHING AND RESTRAINING her hands as she tries to hit you.  Urgh, stupid crazy chicks.
[deleted]
That's already been done several times. And with some notoriety. 
But shoplifters? About as popular as child molesters. Who's going to stand up for them?
Right, but what about when you're wrongfully accused of shoplifting, your photo goes online, and now you can't shop at any of those stores for no good reason?

"better ten guilty men go free than one innocent man be punished."  or in this case, "better ten *allegedly* guilty men not get posted on the internet, so that the one innocent one in the bunch isn't wrongfully prosecuted."
[deleted]
[deleted]
not everybody is a bad drunk driver, just bad drivers.
[point click punch?!](http://pointclickpunch.ytmnd.com/)
the issue really is about turning people who aren't doing anything criminal into criminals.


Do you know how many people are killed every year in private plane crashes?

Howabout people killed every year because of somebody changing the station on their radio?

Driving drunk should absolutely, 100% definitely be illegal, I'm not against that in any way.  .01% is definitely NOT drunk, and the penalties in Arizona are absurd.
I tried finding the place with Streetview first and ran into the shiny problem. Just now I scanned through the streetview a little north and south from that point and my guess is that the sun was setting.
I imagine it's a pretty rare situation. Also, it's not like you flick a switch and suddenly you're unable to shop anywhere. If you randomly get accused of shoplifting AND can't talk your way out of it AND are notable looking enough for people to recall you from a website AND start acting dodgy in other shops, perhaps you're just a fucking shoplifter.
Clearly, you are a lawyer.

Caught in the act? That's guilt.
Yeah, I know that now.  I had to pick up some stuff from her apt., though, but next time I'll just make her ship it to me.
lol
Many counties in Texas have been doing this for a long time.  I was arrested in Denton County in Texas.  My mugshot, arrest information, and the dropping of all charges are displayed on their webpage and have been since 2 days after I was arrested.  Public domain in a highly digitized world means it ends up on the internet.

Ohh, and it only costs a measly $3000 to hire a lawyer to force them to remove it.
Besides, revenge is for God and little children.
I'm Atheist.  I did have my revenge, it was nonviolent.

Summary:
That's the problem as I see it.
And most of them are people who have yet to be convicted.
I was adding on to the above comment.
But I think there is a little difference though.
Yeah, I know that now.
You should see the other shit the police do around here.
I read some of the comments yesterday.
You can announce arrests for shoplifting.
I don't have one under the bridge.
He arrested Presley himself, not his men.
Loser security guard calls the cops and says you were shoplifting from his mall.
I guess karma does exist.
I see it every night, an accused shoplifter, there is his mugshot, an accused rapist there is his mugshot, and an accused murderer, there is his mugshot.
The activities of the police ARE a public record.
As long as the mugshots say something like "Alleged Shoplifter", the ACLU can't do shit about it.
I was arrested in Denton County in Texas.
What would the trial do?
Posting the indentities of the arrested before conviction should be a crime.
Well, I mean, who's going to run against him?
And it's never a good thing.
What if they see you, on camera, stealing, and you get away.
There are also plenty of people in the comments who are basically saying that the cops wouldn't arrest you if you weren't guilty.
The Sheriff is also going after the Phoenix New Times about articles it writes about his tactics.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.15
