Original Response:
Commuter Patricia Knight Williams said it's ok so I guess it must be ok.
So? In europe, sub-machine gun toting police in transit systems have been the norm for decades. Remember, they've been dealing with asshat bombers for much longer than the US has.

And what's the big deal about it anyway? When they start wheeling crew-served weapons around, then I'll get worried.
[deleted]
At least it's not tasers eh...

Oh wait - shit.
Commuter Patricia Knight Williams sounds like she's on crack. Yes, she does. On crack.
Not on the Tube it isn't. I don't know what shit flies in france and germany, but here in the UK the only armed police I ever see are in airports (mp5's) or in Manchester (pistols).

Seeming as most of our police force do not carry handguns, that should tell you just how shitty manchester can be.
Because making cops with rifles more commonplace and accepted makes it easier to start moving military into the police role.  We know they already do that in Europe and we DON'T want them doing it in the US!  It's an escalation in the threat of force and it is not against potential terrorists, but against normal, everyday citizens.
Ms. Knight does not speak for me.
"The teams are being paid for by $151 million from the Feds."

It's because they don't know what else to do with the money and they don't want to give it back.  Cops with assault rifles don't make us any safer than cops with Glocks do.
Right... But I never include UK as part of Europe.
Gee, perhaps you could ask the other side not to outgun the police?

It is for other reason that many police forces have the desire to upgrade to something more powerful.

automatic weapons are in hands other than the so-called terrorists. I suggest you look up MS-13.
It's about national pride! Many third world nations are way ahead of us in arming their police forces to the teeth.
It's going to turn out this is some kind of viral marketing thing for a new G.I. Joe movie.  

Seriously, watch for COBRA Commander around Christopher Street, on one of the PATH trains.
Oh, you must be right, because I'm 100% certain that someone that is trying to cause panic and hysteria by killing and harming as many people as possible while being perfectly OK with throwing away their own life to further their cause is more likely to go into a subway with guns rather than a bomb.  And if they just so happened to be using a bomb instead, I'm sure they wouldn't ever thing to use a dead man's trigger.

Oh, I know, the 'terrorist' is going to see those police with fully automatic weapons and think, "boy, I was going to blow up this bomb, killing myself in the process, but I don't want to get shot, so I'll just surrender"

In reality, this will make the good people of New York no safer, it will simply project a feeling of safety at best.
why? Is the tiger repellent not working?

I haven't seen a single tiger on the subway since they started using it.
Cops make people safe?  The *only* people I'm scared of in our society are the cops.
Any man willing to trade freedom for security deserves neither.
Any man willing to trade freedom for security deserves neither.
I got off the light rail in Jersey City (across  the river from New York City) and I saw some of these guys standing. There are no turnstiles on the light rail and occasionally transit police walks around or stands at the end checking tickets. Yesterday, I thought they simply ratcheted up the ticket checking when I saw these guys with M4 carbines and German Shepherds. They were handing out fliers announcing the yellow terror level. This whole situation just seems surreal and dystopian.
Knight Rider!
[deleted]
And your friends laughing behind their hands hasn't discouraged this practice of yours?

Maybe if you changed "UK" to "modern geography" and switched "Europe" to "my arguments" it may ring more true.
&gt;Yesterday, I thought they simply ratcheted up the ticket checking when I saw these guys with M4 carbines and German Shepherds. They were handing out fliers announcing the yellow terror level. This whole situation just seems surreal and dystopian.

Sounds *exactly* like France was when I was there a couple years ago. Full-camo wearing, M4 holding soldiers all over the place. It was creepy as hell. People: please don't let our country come to that =(
Before I clicked on the link I just imagined that he would look like one of the Nazi soldiers with an MP44.  Turns out reality is not much different.
Well it would give me an excuse to be carrying my full auto guns around.
Yeah, you try that.
Ill just put on a big sign that says Dead Man's Trigger Active.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Did terror level ever go below yellow?
/hopefully this is fake if not then saaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad.
The ultimate in 'look like youre doing something'. I dont think a lack of firepower is the problem here.
[deleted]
For the record, M4 Carbine Rifles and MP5 Submachine Guns are not machine guns. They are rifles and submachine guns. There is a big difference.
Just another scheme to keep tax money away from anyone who might actually need it. 

And what's with the German Shepards? Why can't these Subway-Stasi use a less intimidating dog? Don't they realize how Nazily gay it all appears? Oh well, expect the uniform to include lots of leather, I guess.

I wonder just how long it takes before these Uber-troopers get bored and switch to using  drug sniffing hounds in the name of the Fatherland? Maybe New York can resurrect some of those old "Rockerfeller Laws". Twenty years for an ounce should keep the subways sufficiently free of ridership to keep the Tom's of Finland crowd happy.
I'd hate to run into one of these teams near the end of one of their 12-hour shifts.
Yeah, reading this story a few months ago pretty much sealed the deal for me that I won't be visiting NYC any time soon.
They hate us because we are so free.
in the event that he doesn't rest assure that I do.

fuck new york.
Machine guns?  That's not enough.  I say that the police should be at least as well armed as the terrorists.  That's why I propose we issue suitcase nukes to all of them.
Yeah, yeah. And when you cash your paycheck, how many Euros does the teller give you?
Right. That's what they did in London. Stormed the tube with machine guns. LOL

So if the end result is moot, why can't they carry SMGs?
Who is trading? The police have more visible firepower is somehow related to how much freedom I have?

You should rethink that.
Europe however, does. We are a full EU member and we are included on the map of the EU printed on every euro note.
In for a penny in for a pound. As soon as you have Euros, come back and tell about it.
Lol.

We have been an EU member state longer than poland and many other countries - yet they have euros.

The english people will never accept Euros as the national currency. Ever. Whether that is right or wrong I don't know but we do have free travel, free trade and a lot of taxes to pay to europe.
:-)

LOL, taxes. Everyone needs an extra layer or two of government to ensure proper coverage of fuckeduppedness in all areas.
" The police have more visible firepower is somehow related to how much freedom I have?"

Freedom and security are opposites. 
Simply put, either we are a free country or a secure country. Make your choice. 

We used to find freedom valuable. Sadly, it appears to no longer be the case.

Land of the not so free.
I'm not arguing that. What I am asking is how the police displaying bigger guns is taking away anyone's freedom? I don't see the correlation. Maybe if they were checkpointing all cars through the tunnels or detaining random people without apparent cause, then I might agree with what you are saying.

I saw the poor gits standing around uncomfortable with all the extra gear. I felt sorry for them more than anything else.
Because the 2nd amendment was not written to give guns to people to protect themselves from each other. The 2nd amendment was written to protect the people from it's government.  

The people should not allow themselves to be outgunned by their government, as the founders repeatedly, candidly, and emphaticly warned.
I don't remember hearing about anyone storming the tube with machine guns in London, nor can I find any reference to it (although, my search wasn't extensive.)  I remember bombings, nothing about machine guns.  Would you mind finding a reference to back up your claim?

As for why they shouldn't carry SMGs, I think the government should be restricted on what they can do by default.  They shouldn't be wandering the subway with SMGs unless they have a damn good reason (unless they're planning on letting the average citizen do so as well.)
I get Yen. It's the currency of Japan. Which should be included in Asia.
Yeah, god help us if there weren't any governments. No wars, no taxes - wow, it would be hell!
Oh, please. Are you somehow suggesting that everyone should be carrying? Have you ever been to NYC? There are way too many people who should never be trusted to carry and too many people who should be shot out of hand for being asshats. 

Just because a handful of cops are well armed does not mean that all of htem are. Hell, they've only recently all moved to 9 mils. Only a few years ago, mot were armed with old 38 specials.

I am quite certain that I already know why the second amendment is there. I'm not going to pursue this conversation any further.
Ha. How many of the whack jobs in london would you trust with sub machine guns. Grow some sense.

If you didn't see them on the news, then you missed your opportunity.
Wonderful. Since you aren't in that area, butt out.
There will always be a need to deal with outside groups.
You mean gangs. Governments are the biggest gangs.

Did you vote for the men in power? No? Wonder how they got in then...could it be brute force and being total cunts to everybody?

Why yes - sounds just like a gang!
Oh man, you caught me, I don't know exactly what it is you're referencing.  Are you talking about police storming the tube after the bombings?  If so, I didn't see that, but then again, it wouldn't surprise me.  If this is the case, what good did having sub machine guns do?
So I have to live in Europe, be employed, and request Euros at the bank to tell you you're geography's off?
No asshat, to deal with other groups, such as trading organizations.

You really, really should bitch-slap your parents for failing to obtain you a proper education that included history and economics.
Hindsight is truly 20/20, isn't it?
As soon as UK drops pounds, then it'll be part of EU.
I have a degree in history (well will do when the current academic year ends)

I can tell you, governments are all assholes. You can trade for yourself most of the time, most companies are international institutions that do little to the government and vice versa.
That's not even a decent reply, you're resorting to using bad clichés
and somehow you missed learning about guilds and bronze-age trading? The Beakers?
and somehow you missed learning about guilds and bronze-age trading? The Beakers?
just like you, the police had not idea exactly what they were facing so they geared up for the worst.

It is easy to second guess history, hence, hindsight is 20/20

Summary:
I don't see the correlation.
I say that the police should be at least as well armed as the terrorists.
The police have more visible firepower is somehow related to how much freedom I have?
" The police have more visible firepower is somehow related to how much freedom I have?"
Stormed the tube with machine guns.
I remember bombings, nothing about machine guns.
They are rifles and submachine guns.
We know they already do that in Europe and we DON'T want them doing it in the US!
Oh man, you caught me, I don't know exactly what it is you're referencing.
They hate us because we are so free.
But I never include UK as part of Europe.
The 2nd amendment was written to protect the people from it's government.
What I am asking is how the police displaying bigger guns is taking away anyone's freedom?
If this is the case, what good did having sub machine guns do?
People: please don't let our country come to that =(
Sounds *exactly* like France was when I was there a couple years ago.
I dont think a lack of firepower is the problem here.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
