Original Response:
I'm German, and burning books bring back really, *really* bad memories.
some books are viruses which should if not burnt should at least come with warnings.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You were not the first, you won't be the last. Burning books is as traditional a form of mental coercion as writing itself.

Most of the fun war crimes are from the old testament anyway. Genocide, torture, WMD's. Makes for an interesting read if you have a good sense of irony.
Well since people on Reddit are so anti German I felt the need to look around and turns out that Wikipedia has an excellent page on German Americans.

Some highlights:
"currently form the largest ancestry group in the United States, accounting for 17% of the U.S. population"

"In Pennsylvania, English and German were co-official languages until around the time of World War I."

"In 1917–18, after the US entry into WWI on the side of the British, nearly all German language instruction ended, as did most German-language church services."  Although it is noted that English was being switched to slowly anyway.

"Several thousand vocal opponents of the war were imprisoned.[33] Thousands were forced to buy war bonds to show their loyalty. The Red Cross barred individuals with German last names from joining in fear of sabotage. One man was hanged in Illinois, apparently for no other reason than that he appeared to be of German descent. The killers were found innocent of the crime and the hanging was called an act of patriotism by a jury. A Minnesota minister was tarred and feathered when he was overheard praying in German with a dying woman.[34] Some Germans during this time "Americanized" their names (e.g. Schmidt to Smith, Müller to Miller, Rickenbacher to Rickenbacker, Eisenhauer to Eisenhower) and limited their use of the German language in public places."

Worth a read for many of you.
[Obligatory](http://bash.org/?406373)
you are pretty old then.
For me, book burning brings really really good memories. On the last day of the highschool exams (the ones that determine which university you'll go to) I torched the entire stack of books. It was quite liberating.
"Kill all Muslims!" cry racist Jews.

And if you don't do it for us you're all anti-Semites!
Who cares? All religions are childish fairy tales.....
The headline isn't quite accurate: the Bible isn't just the New Testament, which is what was actually burnt.
I don't understand why we support Israel. The Zionists do not like Christians...yet American Christians bend over backwards to support "God's Chosen People."
Why didn't you give the books to a younger student?
I am of German descent...among other European blood: I'm a European mutt.

My grandmother's parents (Norwegian) did not like my grandfather because he was German. He even fought for America during WWII...didn't matter; they had serious problems with the guy.
[deleted]
Yawn.
At first I thought that this was some kind of protest against religion's part in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, I was rather disappointed once I read the first few sentences.
Because they are all hopped up on "rapture" theology, google John Hagee and you'll see what I mean.
They should have recycled them instead.
Well, next they should catch some Christians and nail them to the crosses.
(School)Books are free for greek kids. 


I personally still could not bring myself to damaging them.
Fuck history.
I'm being down voted but what I said is actually true.  I hadn't heard about it until reading "The Great Influenza" a book about the flu of 1918.

Before the first world war German was often spoken in public and taught in school, there were many German papers, etc etc.  During the the lead up to US involvement in the war that changed dramatically.  German papers were shut down, German language was suppressed, German culture was suppressed, etc.  This was mentioned in the book because the same propaganda machine resulted in the deaths of thousands by suppressing the spread of information concerning the flu of 1918.

WWII added to the effect but even after the first world war the US had effectively de-Germanized itself.
Well, it's not nearly as bad as how the Germans burned millions of Jews.
Getting your generalizations right.  There are many Zionists who are Christian or at least really like Christian groups.  Something about bringing about the rapture.
Or they saw the book burning scene from the Indiana Jones movie and asked what was going on.
Like kounavi said, they're free, distributed each year to all the student. They're printed on low-quality paper obviously, but no one cares since they aren't meant to last more than a year.
  
The history book traumatized me especially, this goddamn country has like 4000 years of history we need to learn and I hated every word of it. Americans are lucky.
&gt;Last year, arsonists burst into a Jerusalem church used by Messianic Jews and set the building on fire, raising suspicions that Jewish extremists were behind the attack. No one claimed responsibility, but the same church was burned down 25 years ago by ultra-Orthodox Jewish extremists.
It is as bad as how the Germans burned millions of books though.

"Baby steps?"
What the fuck type of retard are you? Your parents pay for the books via taxes and there's plenty of charities that collect books even if the quality of the books was beneath you.
They do it because Bibles are cheaper than coal.
Are you going to be the one who decides which is good and which is bad?  Do we need to get a doctors note to approve our use of viral books?
First, I'm not a Christian. Secondly, define "Zionist".
An excellent example of why reddit shouldn't allow users to delete their posts.

The grandparent post asked "why does reddit hate Jews?"  It's a ridiculous allegation and it shouldn't be a surprise that the poster who made it would want to delete it but where does that leave my reply?  Denied of context, it seems a pretty extreme remark.
No, sorry, you lose.  No allegation is made that the Germans _burned_ Jews.  The allegation is that Germans _gassed_ Jews, then cremated the remains.

We cremate remains all of the time today.

It's relevant that we get these details right because we need to start applying the same standards when considering how abhorrent it is to kill Muslims as we do when it is Jews who are the victims.

And we don't ever get to do that unless and until we start getting the facts straight.
"Our magic guy in the sky is better than your magic guy in the sky!"
Tired of religion getting called a fairy tale?  I'm pretty tired of religion.  Yawn yourself.
Oh yeah, Nazi splits hairs for the win!

Way to go Mengele.  Ve only kill ze Juden for ze scienze.
This is why the term "racist Jew" is preferable.  Jewish Supremacist works too, provided that the context is more narrowly focused on the "settlements" in Israel.

Noam Chomsky once called himself a Zionist.  Nothing wrong with wanting a homeland.

Just like there's nothing wrong with my wanting a condo in Hawaii.  My desire for same however does not mean I get to break down the door to your condo in Hawaii, rape your family, slit your throat, and then kick back and enjoy Playstation on your HDTV.
&gt; [Dort, wo man Bücher verbrennt, verbrennt man auch am Ende Menschen.](http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Heinrich_Heine)

        Where they burn books, they will eventually also burn people.
Mengele?

Don't you fucking dare bring up Mengele until you have the balls to deal [with this](http://www.rense.com/general67/radd.htm).
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zionism 

FTA "Orthodox Jews set fire to hundreds of copies of the New Testament in the latest act of violence" - that's a riot.  Burning a book is violent - only if they throw it at you.
Heil Hilter o/
Wait, am I talking to Amedinejad?  

I have to say that I really don't like Israel, mostly because I am morally offended by theocracies.  But since they are surrounded by hostile theocracies, and Israel is allied with us (the US), I can't think of any reason not to help them topple the surrounding governments. 

The Arabs don't score points for downplaying genocide or for their horrendous human rights records in their own country.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was a bad movie!?
The largest town next to us (about 250,000 people) was named Berlin until 1916.  Now it's Kitchener...go figure.  It's not just people who try to de-Germanize themselves.
They're Jewish, apparently. I wonder if they were older if they would share your memories.

Edit: apparently even mentioning the word "Jewish" is enough to get you downmodded these days.
&gt; Wait, am I talking to Amedinejad?

Yes, that's right.  The only person on this planet who opposes Israeli policy towards Muslims is Ahmadinejad.

(hey, check out the correct spelling!)

&gt; I have to say that I really don't like Israel, mostly because I am morally offended by theocracies. But since they are surrounded by hostile theocracies...

Wow, probably a bad place to set up a Jewish state then, huh?

&gt; The Arabs don't score points for downplaying genocide...

And Israelis certainly don't score any for _committing_ genocide.

Fuck Israel.
Look Mahmoud, I'm not one of your Basiji slaves.  Don't tell me what I dare to do. You know what kind of balls I have.  I have the balls to let my wife drive a car.  I have the balls to have a conversation with a woman whose not covered from head to toe in a black veil and not rape her.  I have the balls not to then set her on fire or throw acid on her for getting raped by some sand rat savage.  It takes a lot more courage to live in a free society than to live under the thumbs of religious nut bags.
How about you deal with this,
http://www.nationalpost.com/news/story.html?id=08a28e1c-6ece-4134-ba8e-e706d703401b&amp;p=1
That's how you treat your own children in Iran.
Look up the background of the British Royal Family... they rebranded their surname after WWI because it was German
Jamierc is properly more tired of hearing the same old arguments against religion. It is not whether we agree or not. It's that we don't want to hear them.
I'm not seeing the problem here.  Missionaries went door-to-door distributing bibles; the locals then turned over the bibles to the students, who burned them.

When you give people something that's repulsive to them, and they destroy it, how can you be surprised?  Regardless, it certainly isn't what the lede claims:
&gt;act of violence against Christian missionaries in the Holy Land

No person was actually harmed or even threatened.
&gt; Most people in the US are probably German too.

Most likely not.
[deleted]
"Even when they're the same guy!"
As it turns out, I had the comment in question in my cache.

&gt; "Fucking JEWS!" yells the masses of reddit.
I don't want to hear about religion, but the world is infested with it, so I applaud knee-jerk reactions to it as mystical and irrational.
Textbook.  Racist.  Jew.
wwjd
Is that when we got stupid?
How bout a dizzying shitload then?
Don't engage nokilli. He's a trolling holocaust denier. And his source for that bullshit "Ringworm Holocaust" article is Barry Chamish, a guy who also claims Hurricane Katrina was retribution for American support of Israel. nokilli is willing to defend Mengele as long as some crackpot revisionist invents crackpot stories and posts them on crackpot websites.

And for the record, there's a fine debunking of that Ringworm nonsense right here:

http://plancksconstant.org/blog1/2007/03/ringworm_hoax.html

EDIT: And don't fall into his trap with racist attacks like "sand rat savage." Most Muslims, just like most Jews, are normal people who are deeply offended by the actions of people who supposedly represent them. Sinking to that level does not help your argument.
Israel is a pretty multi-layered and multicolored place.

You've got Palestinian Arabs, Arabs from other countries, Jews that come from all over the world, Russia to Yemen), All kinds of Christians (Catholics, Protestants, Baptists, Jews for Jesus and many more), and there are more and more people from every religion, creed and skin color you can imagine or find in an encyclopedia. 

Now imagine a country where you've got streets with Ethiopians, Africans, 
Russians, Jews, Muslims, all sorts of Asians, and they all walk the same street, and no one   is fighting, and there is no war.

WHAT YOU'VE JUST IMAGINED IS A STREET IN TEL AVIV.

When you go to some remote place, you get haters, racists, xenophobes, and other types of shit, doing their spiteful crap.

It's like that everywhere, small villages and  towns all over the world.

I've been to Israel last year when my brothers band went on tour there.
You see all these hardcore and punk kids, and they all get along, an no one is burning any books, no one is hating, and pretty much everyone keep left or middle wing opinions,and just want everyone to live in welfare.

And on that note, FUCK BOOK BURNING.
I hope you also applaud feminists that now think it's ok to use abusive men's rethoric to get to men. Since it's ok being obnoxious to fight whatever disturbs you, in your view.
Thanks. 
Every time the subject of religion comes up, even when its completely unrelated to the topic, someone has to mention fairy tales. Doesn't add anything to the debate.
You'll be history one day. Those who fuck history are condemned to be fucked.
Wassamattta. Can't they compete! Can't they be exposed to it and still think their way is right!!
The symbolic act of burning them was a bit insensitive. Religious books belong in the garbage dumps along with yesterday's newspaper.
See my comment below. 
Besides, whether religion is a fairy tale or not is irrelevant. To me, the interesting part of religious practice is why almost without exception, human societies feel the need to be religious. To spend your time thinking about the actual truth value of each one, is to miss the point of religion entirely.
This is so depressing.  Nobody learns.  What the hell does it take to finally learn these sorts of things just lead to more and more hate?
Atheist and anti-semites will participate in a circle jerk after reading this article.
Exactly. There are so many small minded people on this site, who are so willing to believe anything as long as it shows Israelis doing something disagreeable. Unfortunately, most of them have never even *met* an Israeli, so they wouldn't know that these book burners are a bunch of uncultured hicks who in no way represent the majority of Israelis.
"Secondly, define "Zionist"."

Jews who feel they have a right to a nation/homeland that never belonged to them. I don't know how that equates to a dictionary definition, but I think it is pretty close.
I'm familiar with John Hagee, unfortunately.
Let's not beat about the bush here. They are Nazis:

* belief in self-superiority (check)
* belief in ethnic right to geographical area (check)
* ghettoisation of undesirables (check)
* skilled use of propaganda (check and check)
* burning books (check)

I've even heard Zionists use "final solution" when discussing Palestine. They know exactly what they are.
Religion: the one and only source of love, harmony, and the right way to live one's life.
But in so doing, they wasted precious potential  food. There are people starving all over the world who would have been thrilled to eat those Bibles. Not to mention food industry's interest . HFBS (high-fructose bible syrup), is sweeter than sugar, contains no calories, and provides a delicious self-righteous aftertaste.
"Religious School Students"????

Say what it is:

a bunch of Orthodox Jews.
I wonder if they burnt a cross in the middle of the stack of bibles.  Hell they'd of had another field day if jesus was actually there in person again.  :)
It becomes relevant when religion is used as justification for killing people.  Or really, interfering with anyone's life at all.  Because  reasonable justifications can't be based on inherently unreasonable schema.

Edit: also, I don't find that interesting.  Seems pretty cut-and-dry why human societies feel this need, and any discussion of it bores me, and angers me to the extent that the time could be better used elsewhere.  Like making lolcats, for example.
It should be interesting to see what John Hagee has to say about this.
Come on, who hasn't played Eternal Forces and then decided that Isreal must be protected.  Personally, if God is real (highly doubtful), I welcome the rapture; it be nice to get rid of all those Christian relgious nuts for a while.  But then the tribulation force starts up and everything goes to Hell for those left behind...

Edit:  Seriously why the downmods?  Christians not liking jokes about the left behind series or weird gamers who know that Eternal Forces has some of the worst game play ever?  Being ignorant of crazy people's beliefs won't help you much in debates against them, or change the fact that there are millions of people who take those beliefs very, very seriously. That's why I try gather up as much knowledge as possible.
They're school books, you aren't supposed to read them. You throw them away when you've moved to the next class and they have new stacks of them every year.
no irony there.
You sure you doubt it?
You don't mean familiar in the biblical sense do you?
Someone said it.
Don't ask for a definition of zionism.  You gotta read the Machiavellian history of it to really grasp what it is.  A definition of people who want a place to live simply doesn't do it the slightest justice.  It's also misleading.  It's not what they wanted, it's how they got there... and how they're not done yet.  It's more of an ongoing philosophy.
There's probably just as many Irish, English, French and Italian as there are German..
Well they can't very well burn the old Testament, that's their own book of fairy tales!
I don't care. While it is upsetting that they are burning books, I'd rather it be this book than any other book.
It's a fact, not an argument.
Comment of the week.
So zionists are national socialists? LOL.
Human nature is the justification for killing people, whether it is disguised as being in the name of religion, democracy, freedom or lolcats.
Extremely nationalist... Kibbutz ring a bell?
Religious people are so vain.

They're jus basically running around in circles.
As did many Americans to distance themselves from the stigma that the US government was building up against Germans pre-WWI.

There's an odd level of anti-German attitudes here though so you get voted down.  (I voted you back up)
What a little too much in-depth knowledge of Christian workin's?  It was just a joke about a videogame where you run around trying to convert people to Christianity and then if you fail, YOU KILL THEM.  I figure it’s a decent game for people to know about, for no other reason then to try to get inside the heads of millions and millions of people out there who actually think this is going to happen soon. Yeah, I know a lot about Christianity, but that doesn’t mean I believe.  I grew up in an area in which people would define themselves as ‘fundamentalists’ and a decent chunk of whom owned the Left Behind series.  This was an area where people voted for Bush in the _2004_ election, think about that for a while.  

I like to listen to Christian radio and call in with prepared questions as technical as I can get them about chemistry, evolution, and science in general.  It’s hard to make sure your question gets on the air; they try to make sure no sciency questions get asked…
The kibbutz movement is dead. Kibbutzim are being privatised, increasingly gearing up towards industrial production, and very little remains of once strong nationalist spirit. A kibbutz was required during the development of Israel's agriculture, but it is not required in a modern industrial country, and has a hard time surviving in a capitalist society.

Either way, you *could* say that *some* zionists are extremely nationalist. I'm not a nationalist, but I am a zionist in that I support Israel's unquestionable right to exist and defend itself. You can't just apply words like "nazi" to everyone who supports Israel's existence.

Also, Godwin.
so we're dealing with nazi jews here?
This is what any type of religion gets you.  Wake up people.  They have some pretty good stories in the different religious texts, but do you really believe they contain an ounce of truth.  Think Ron Hubbard.
Interfering with anyone's life at all, in that case.
I think it should be noted that this is the exact same crap the Nazis pulled back in 1933.

Book burning is merely a form of intolerance meant to insight hatred of others.

The books might be fairy tales, but that doesn't change the fact that these idiots are trying to pick a fight.
That's a good point, did they have to tear out the torah?  Maybe they did recycle some.  Sounds fun.  It's time to tear out the torah... we'll have torahble tiiiiime.
I better kill you because I disagree.
Sooooo, the Israelis are taking pages from the Nazi playbook? 

Stay classy Israel...
You know who else burned book they found repulsive?
[deleted]
I see. -_-
Nope, wrong.

"currently form the largest ancestry group in the United States, accounting for 17% of the U.S. population"

Edit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_American

That's given that many people effectively removed any ties to their Germen ancestors during the world wars.
Trolling holocaust denier!  Damn I wish reddit would let me have a sig!  LOL!

The ringworm episode of course is established fact at this point, even being featured on mainstream Israeli television.  What's telling is that nobody in Israel gives a shit.

No defense on Mengele of course should be implied by my pointing out the hypocrisy of condoning the torture of many thousands or more while agitating endlessly over the torture of hundreds.

&gt; And don't fall into his trap with racist attacks like "sand rat savage." Most Muslims, just like most Jews, are normal people who are deeply offended by the actions of people who supposedly represent them. Sinking to that level does not help your argument.

Aside from the part about the trap(?), this is a fine statement.  Now if only you could get the state of Israel to honor this kind of wisdom.
chosen race? Using the US and neocon straussians (zionists) to wage a religous genocide against muslims throughout the middle east?  Hundreds of thousands dead thus far?  Burning books?  Blackwater, our christian zionist gestapo in America?  I could go on all day.
"very little remains of once strong nationalist spirit."

We've all been alive for a few years.  Do you believe that?
&gt; I support Israel's unquestionable right to exist

Nonsense. The UN had no right to partition the land at the expense of the existing residents. It was just business as usual for the west, we've been partitioning Africa and the Middle East for our own benefit for over a century now. 

But they are there now and people must learn to deal with it. 

&gt; Also, Godwin.

Inevitable when you are talking about burning books.
&gt;Seems pretty cut-and-dry why human societies feel this need

There's still a lot of discussion and disagreement in phil. of religion and anthropology on just why this is.  It's one of those things that appears obvious on first glance, but is anything but cut-and-dry once you start to seriously investigate.
U-haul.
When was the last time religion actually solved anything?

From here it just looks like idiots, fighting.
Yeah, Jews too.
good job citing that quote.

lemme do that:

"Martians currently form the largest ancestry group in the United States, accounting for 67% of the U.S. population".
Fixed it.

Happy?
That's a lovely picture you paint, and wouldn't it be nice if the extremists within Israel were treated as extremists and thus see their influence marginalized.

But that isn't the case, is it?

This line of reasoning you want us to follow is bullshit.  It is the extremists who control policy in Israel.  It is these settlements that will forever condemn you all to a never-ending cycle of violence.

You want to say that they don't speak for all of Israel, but look at Israeli policy towards Palestinians!  They do speak for Israel!

You insult our intelligence so and then wonder why we get so upset with you!
In that case I agree with you, to the extent that this is the basis of liberalism,  but personally I find that religion interferes with my life a lot less than other things do.
That's why it makes sense to me that they would burn the new testament. Christianity is a  bastardisation of Judaism. The Mormon religion is a bastardisation of   Christianity, Sikhism is a  bastardisation of Hinduism,  Bahai is a bastardisation of Islam, and Islam is a bastardisation of Christianity and Judaism.

It's all fucking nuts. In the late 1700s, Thomas Paine pointed out that Judaism is actually a bastardisation of the religions before *it*.

It's amazingly stupid to believe any of these fairytails.
The only way to get warnings would be government regulation.  Do you really want the government to be the arbiter of truth?
not to mention the headline doesn't mention the context...
[deleted]
assteroid, had you a clue about the people you speak of, you'd know the ultra orthodox (the ones mentioned in this report) are not Zionists and are generally anti Zionist.
Wrong, read the article; it's the Ultra-Orthodox Jews who, quite frankly, don't like anyone else (including other Jews).

This has nothing to do with "Zionism", which is the desire for a Jewish homeland.
Unlike 99.99999% of redditors I've actually been to a number of kibbutzim and I've actually talked to the people residing in them. In fact, I was employed for a year by a company that sold telecommunications service to kibbutzim exclusively.
&gt; Nonsense. [blah blah]

Immaterial. Fact is, Israel exists now, and isn't going to go away. And since I live in it, no further justification is required in my eyes.

&gt; Inevitable when you are talking about burning books.

I would like to welcome some offended christians and burn some of our own "holy" books right back. In fact, I'd like all religious books to be piled up and soaked in gasolene. Hell, I'll be the one to cast the first match.
The Germans would never hurt a fly of course.
I prefer the term "Jewish Extremists", or even "Fundamentalist Nut-jobs". There seems to be an awful lot of delusional religious wackos in that part of the world.
I'm going to say here again what I posted before, stop generalizing all Israelis as "Zionist".  This instance was the Ultra-Orthodox Jews whom most other Israelis dislike due to their abrasive behavior and tendency to give other Israelis a bad image.

I have quite a lot of relatives in Israel and have actually been there and many "Jews" there are really atheist and do not believe any of your bullet points.  Stop classifying an entire nation based off of what you read from some news source.
The Nazis were just one scary group of people doing these things.  They weren't the first and they weren't the last.

These guys are like the Nazis in a number of ways but, come on, they're not Nazis.
Ahh but you see they have this fantastically convenient excuse that they've been "commanded by God" to do these things.  It's not their thinking you see, but just fulfilling the desires of their deity.

If you'd like to break into my condo, rape my family, slit my throat and play games on my HDTV, all you really need to do is start a religion (preferably one espousing as much bigotry, ignorance and greed as humanly possible) and then tell everyone it's part of your fundamental belief structure, enshrined in your holy book of choice.  Then when I try to stop you, I'll be accused of inciting racial hatred, while you laugh in my blood smeared face.
So the UN had no right to partition the land at the expense of the existing residents (be they Jews and Arabs) but in oh, every other part of the world (hmm, Iraq, Jordan, India, Pakistan) the ruling powers (mainly the Brits) decided to do that and yet that's ok.  Glad we're all looking at things objectively.
Never belonged to them... I guess thousands of years in a piece of land doesn't count as having ownership.  Based off that alone, most people today would have no claim to their land.  Tell me assteroid, which of the following do you place yourself into 
a.) naive 
b.) a moron
c.) both
I'm not anti german.  I am surprised that there are kindof a lot of people on here that seem to be reflexively that way still.  I don't give them a pass for what they allowed to happen in WWII, but they do have an intellectual tradition that is probably second only to the greeks in western history.  I think it goes on to this day really.  Germans rock.
The Ultra-Orthodox Jews are not representative of Israelis and are despised by most others.

Just as you would not characterize the entire US based off of [this](http://youtube.com/watch?v=kbLYzw6J7JY) video of burning the Koran so also you should not hate Israelis based off of an extremist minority.
Some of them are anti zionists, and some of them are uber-zionists to the right of the likud party aren't they?
Zionism was conceived as a secular movement
google balfour declaration.
Book burning should never happen.

I think the bible is a terrible book to teach as fact, but I by no means think it should be burned or thrown away.
yes?
What do you see as the chief justification for Israel's unquestionable right to exist, as you put it? Are you saying Israel has the right to exist *as a nation* (with which most reasonable  people I think would agree) or are you saying Israel has the right to exist as a *Jewish dominated state?* Do you find it acceptable for the Israeli government to adopt policies to ensure a Jewish majority?
I understand that you meant to be helpful in pointing me to the Wikipedia article, but I asked assteroid to give me *his* definition of "Zionist" because people tend to mean *very* different things when they use the word. I tend to avoid that word, because I don't want to e.g. be talking about Israel's right to exist (which I can wholeheartedly support) and be deemed to consider as mere acceptable collateral damage any and all war crimes committed during the military pursuit of a God-given "right". There are many other definitions of "Zionism", and to some "Zionism" is a holy word, while to others it is a swear word and/or an (often ill-defined) conspiracy theory. I try to instead just ask people what they mean before passing judgment.

And you're wrong on violence. There is such a thing as violence against objects. It's not nearly as bad as violence against people, but it is violence.
Riiiiight...

Because anyone with an opposing view of Israel is an anti-smite....
Because the vast majority of Zionists are secular or semi-secular Jews, not ultra-Orthodox like these guys.
I can't say I disagree with you.

99% of the world is run by war mongers, who give a flying fuck about peoples opinions and rights.

One of the top reasons for people getting involved in politics is greed, and a hunger for power.

There are extremists on every side of every border, and most want nothing less then destroying the "enemy".

My point is that the majority of humanity is mainly interested in living a peaceful life, perusing happiness.  

Nazis burn books, Muslims burn books, and Jews are burning books.
No argument there.

Hateful people will burn books, and other people, and when those are gone they'll find something or someone new to burn.
That's the way of the world, unfortunately.

Try reading what I've said once again.
It says that I visited Israel, and there are people there. just like everywhere else.
Religion and nationality will eventually bring disputes and those will bring deaths.
That's life.
I didn't mention anything about Israel.
The people who allowed WWII are long dead (perhaps with a few decrepit exceptions). There's no one left to not give a pass to.
Completely unrelated: What's up with your username? (My wife is from Macedonia so that's where my curiosity stems from.)
Book burning and bombing are obviously, objectively wrong.  However, the point that many seem to be missing is that the war on Jews was first declared by the Chr-stian missionaries.

Chr-stian groups spend over $250 million annually to convert Jews, and target the old, immigrants, and other vulnerable people.  The tactics are deceptive, aggressive, and very invasive.

It is especially upsetting to see these groups operating so actively in Israel.

Ridiculous response, but don't forget what it's a response to.

I am most surprised, though, that anyone thinks that this has anything to do with Zionism.
Or "a Jewish madras associated with letter bombings, church arson and other recent acts of terrorism".
I don't know why I should give a fuck who's fucking me when I'm dead.
the humanity.
A group of extremely religious people in Israel do something bad (not in itself unusual), so "the Israelis" are doing it? 

I'm sure most Americans wouldn't want the actions of the Jesus Camp type of people to be referred to as what "the Americans" are doing...


It's much more respectful not to generalize.
My folks came from there.  It's a suggestion to free the part of macedonia occupied by greece now.  Greeks have kindof been pulling a palestinian clamp down on it since 1949 trying to get the indigenous people to move to that landlocked circle now called macedonia.  They act like it's always been a part of greece and are trying to claim its history as part of their own, which is absurd.  They invest alot of propaganda trying to rewrite history.  It's a long BS story. Where's your wife from?Free macedonia would look more like this http://www.historyofmacedonia.org/ConciseMacedonia/map.html

Than like this 

http://media.maps.com/magellan/Images/MACEDO-W1.gif
Correct me if I misread you, but if I understand you correctly, then you define Zionism as the Jewish pursuit of nation/homeland, and you further believe that Zionism is illegitimate, because it's the pursuit of "a nation/homeland that never belonged to [Jews]". I'm not sure I understand what you mean by that. Are you saying that Jewish people never had any nation/homeland? Or are you saying that they had a nation/homeland, but it's not the nation/homeland that Israel is today? Or would you be fine with Zionism if it were limited to the pursuit and support of Israel in the borders accepted by the UN, but you object to the inclusion of formerly or presently Palestinian territories  as part of that homeland/nation?
I have no idea either. There is no money in it and the Tin Foil hattery society say it is because we are A) trying to convert them and B) waiting for Jesus 2 to arrive. That is stupid and I don't think any neocon would belive anything that stupid as it would cut into profits.

There has to be a finanical motivator here somewhere. It just doesn't make any sense to keep wiping Israel's arse like this.
Shush. If the Jews do it is MUST be OK. When the Germans did bad things, it was bad, when the Jews do it (IE putting Palestinians in a ghetto, shooting children) its OK. All Hail ISRAEL!

I don't care who burns books that much, as books themselves aren't worth that much and at least aren't human lives. I'm afraid I must indulge the slippery slope fallacy and ask, where might this lead? Not a good place I fear.
Oh come on, no smart or powerful person belives that shit. They just use it to control people. Look at bush - how often does he talk about god and how often does he actually go to church?

Religion is the opiate of the stupid masses, not of the evil rulers.
Marx said religion is the opiate of the masses
Leo Strauss implied... religion is opium... and the masses need their opium.
&gt; Fact is, Israel exists now, and isn't going to go away

Read my post again. Second paragraph. You just wrote what I wrote. 

&gt; I'll be the one to cast the first match.

I'll bring the beer and food.
Very true.  There was no religious intent when Herzl made his plans to return to Palestine and thus gave birth to Zionism.  It was born out of desire to get away from the constant persecution in Europe, Russia and even America.
Thank you for your comment.  I have actually looked it up a few times because I have heard about it in the past.  Her parents are pretty... weird when it comes to their country (they seem ultranationlist, if that's the right word), they insist that I learn their language and their culture and still pray that my wife leaves me because I'm not Macedonian.  Anyway, my wife is from Kavadarci.

I think I like the "Free Macedonia" map better than the current one.  It reminds me of my home country (Ecuador).
&gt; Well since people on Reddit are so anti German I felt the need to look around 

I feel your need to look around. Done that? Then please point me in the direction of these anti-German redditors so I may upbraid them. I've never come across any.

And for the record, I bloody love Germany and the Germans.
&gt; stop generalizing all Israelis as "Zionist"

I don't see anyone doing that. The Zionists are the evil ones here, the regular Israelis the unfortunate ones stuck in the web of hatred. All of the parent posts are quite clear in this distinction. 

&gt; and have actually been there and many "Jews" there are really atheist and do not believe any of your bullet points. 

Are they Zionist? If not then they are not relevant to this conversation. Unless they are actively involved in expansionism etc then they are not the problem here. They are just people trying to get by. I've never heard of an atheist Israeli being aggressive towards Palestinians.
You are correct. I meant historically, but you're right.  I just threw it in there as some politically correct padding.
I doubt they tore out the torah. They were christian missionaries among jews. They might have assumed familiarity with the first bit and just skipped to the sequel. But how do I know how fucking wingnuts think?
They only thing they lack is the actual extermination and I've heard many statements from Zionists suggesting the idea. I suspect they would have already done it if it wasn't for the global outcry it would bring. 

Oh, and they don't goose-step. But that's about it really for the differences, the ideologies are almost identical.
They're not exterminating Jews, Gypsies and Blacks.  They're not trying to establish German dominance over Europe.  Those are a couple of big differences.

Sure they're similar.  They might even be just as bad, but they ain't Nazis.

The Nazis weren't as unusual as we'd like to think.
[deleted]
Every single comment of mine or elsewhere in this thread was being voted down if it made mention of Germans outside of being Nazis.
Wow, cool.  Your inlaws lived 42 miles north of neret, the place of my origins.  Yeah, they are a clannish people, even after they are here for a while.  Your inlaws come from the free part.  Not too far into it either.  I wonder if they ever lived down in the greek part and decided to move due to being hassled.  They're the real mccoy though. True macedonians.
&gt; What do you see as the chief justification for Israel's unquestionable right to exist, as you put it?

I don't think one is needed any more than one is needed for Sweden or Kazakhstan.

&gt; Are you saying Israel has the right to exist as a nation (with which most reasonable people I think would agree) or are you saying Israel has the right to exist as a Jewish dominated state?

Israel most certainly already exists as a nation, and so the only way to dismantle it is by force. 

The second question is much more problematic, because it has to deal with two large matters: first, who is defined as a "jew", which is an eternal factional dispute among the jews themselves, and whether the exclusivity according to the above invalidates Israel as a free or democratic state.

I don't want to go into the convoluted definition of jewry. The immigration law is sufficiently broad to cover both those who are *ethnical jews* (according to religious definition, up to N generations in mother's bloodline) and those who are not ethnical jews but have converted into Judaism (this may include people who would be considered jewish in other places but not according to the ethnical immigration law, which is very important when discussing persecution). The definition in the immigration law is prefered over various theoretical approaches because it is the de-facto constraint that defines Israeli jewish population. One must consider, however, that approximately 25% of Israeli population are arabs, including bedouin, druze and arab christian minorities, who hold full citizen rights and obligations.

This of course poses a major problem for the latter question of Jewish dominated state. There is absolutely no question that on a completely empty piece of land for which no one else lays a claim, one could create a "Jewish dominated" state, whether ethnic or theocratic in nature, all members of which may, by consent, exclude anyone they don't like from ever crossing the border. It is most certainly people's right to consent to such a thing. 

In reality, however, there *are* claims laid against the land of Israel, and the viability and degree of jewish exclusionism must be weighted in face of these claims. This means that these claims must be evaluated first, and this is where my opinion differs from the ideas commonly held on reddit: simply put, I do not believe that "palestinians" have a valid common denominator to represent themselves as a group of claimants which is entitled to the land, because I have not seen conclusive evidence that the "palestinian" national identity existed before Arafat invented it upon USSR's (KGB's) advice, which, coupled with other regional facts, forces me to conclude that it is a deliberate fabrication designed to undermine and eventually destroy the Jewish state.

In these conditions, my answer to you would be: this is a question of diplomacy and negotation, which can only be advanced if the hostilities cease. "Palestinians" and their arab enables are the source of these hostilities. There is sufficient power and democracy in Israel to control the crazy rightwing nationalists on our side, what lacks is motivation; we do not have such power for the "palestinian" side and we are forced to compensate with missiles. 

&gt; Do you find it acceptable for the Israeli government to adopt policies to ensure a Jewish majority?

If my assertion is valid that the "palestinian" national identity is a fabrication designed to topple Israel, then I will support any and all act of the people which purports to erode and tame it.
good point, the ones who are Ultra Orthodox are generally anti Zionist.  Those in the Likud are generally conservative (e.g. Limor Livnat, Bibi Netanyahu, etc).  The ones I think you're referring to are usually in groups like "Shas" and United Torah Judaism.  The ones mentioned in the article though were from the Ultra Orthodox sect who are very much radicals where anything they don't agree with is concerned (where they outright riot against eating leavened products during passover, driving a car on shabbat, placing of bikini clad posters, etc.).  We're just not talking about the same people who exist in the Likud.
[deleted]
Do any users who work here to distribute propaganda actually read the posts they are complaining about? This is the second or third post today that **repeats exactly what I said** as if it counters what I am saying.
As a Christian, I need to say that I'm not offended in the least.  I would rather know someone is passionately opposed to Christianity than neutral or uncaring.
probably because they are about the only nation in the middle east that doesnt absolutely hate us.
How do I sign up?
But they use it to control the masses though. I'm willing to accept that there's quite a bit of pandering being done on behalf of those in power. Obviously it works or else Bush wouldn't have been elected twice.
&gt; In reality, however, there are claims laid against the land of Israel, and the viability and degree of jewish exclusionism must be weighted in face of these claims. This means that these claims must be evaluated first, and this is where my opinion differs from the ideas commonly held on reddit: simply put, I do not believe that "palestinians" have a valid common denominator to represent themselves as a group of claimants which is entitled to the land, because I have not seen conclusive evidence that the "palestinian" national identity existed before Arafat invented it upon USSR's (KGB's) advice, which, coupled with other regional facts, forces me to conclude that it is a deliberate fabrication designed to undermine and eventually destroy the Jewish state.

There was not a Palestinian "nation" per se before the creation of Israel. However, at that time there were non-Jewish people living on the land that became Israel. Those who identify themselves as Palestinians today are descendants of those people. Do you agree that this is accurate?
&gt; They [Zionists?] are Nazis

A Zionist is really just anybody who supports the existence of the state of Israel.  Thus, most people who live there would fall into this category.  You seem intent on classifying "Zionist" to be some sort of creepy fringe group of people who control the world governments and eat Arab babies for dinner.

&gt; burning books (check)

As previously stated, you are implying that the majority of Israelis do this, which is obviously false.

I don't feel like going through your list, but the point is that the group it refers to is known as the "Ultra-Orthodox" and they are a fringe fanatic religious-based group.

In short: **Don't over-generalize**.
Well actually these are the religious extremists. You know most Israelis are actually more secular than most Americans.
I am familiar with the crazy bastard. Considering he is a preacher, I suppose it is in the biblical sense? WTF are you asking?
Okay I guess I am wrong. Is that what you want from me?

I don't have time to bicker about dumb shit. Most Jews believe in Zionism...they fucking live there and don't want to be displaced. If you want to play word games and start spitting out proper definitions, that's fine, but ask most Jews if they are willing to move out of Israel and you will see that they are, in fact, Zionist!
Well, let's see. They weren't the only people to live on that land. Most people today DO NOT have claim to their land, including Americans. In the legal sense (the laws we made) sure, we do, but anyone can read a history book.

The only reason I am a moron is because I have responded to you. I assume, and I could be wrong, that you are either Jewish, or a Christian who has a distorted view of who lived on what land, and what rights certain groups of people may have.
OK, Maybe I'm dumb, but what the fuck is up with "chr-stian" ?
"Are you saying that Jewish people never had any nation/homeland?"

Of course they did...and they shared it with others. It is not theirs exclusively. The UN displaced people to make a plot for Jews, period. Those people, and surrounding countries, attacked the Jews. The Jews won. So, in a legal sense, they own it. In a moral sense, they are wrong.
"in we do you refer to the people or the government."

Both. I don't have exact numbers but I am willing to bet that close to 40% of this country is "Christian" and supports Israel.

Yeah, it is based on religion and oil. Look at Africa; far greater turmoil there...no one gives a shit. They have nothing to offer.
"probably because they are about the only nation in the middle east that doesnt absolutely hate us."

I disagree. They are smart enough to see the advantage of having us as "friends". Every time we talk to a Islamic country they get pissed off.
"You know most Israelis are actually more secular than most Americans."

No, they are not. They are more secular than most of the middle east, but they are not more secular than the US. Want proof? Gay marriage. They are probably about the same as us...maybe a bit more progressive, but pretty damn close.
Good for them.
because christians look forward to a day when 1/3 of the earth's population is razed to dust by the angel of smiting or whatever and an establishment of israel as a nation state is a prerequisite for said razing.
Uhh you've obviously never been to Israel and clearly do not know many Israelis. How is gay marriage proof of anything? I guess I don't follow your logic.
My undrstanding is that it is a crime for missionaries to distribute Bibles in Israel.
Hahaha.  "My story book is better." "No my story book is better."
Thanks for taking the time to explain your views. What I'm still unclear about is:

Do you believe that the events prior to the [1948 war](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1948_Arab-Israeli_War) justified the Arab countries' offensive against Israel? Do you believe their military action was ethical and morally justified?

Do you believe that the entire state of Israel is immoral and has no right to exist?

If not, would you agree with a two-state solution? 

Whether yes or no, what kind of solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict would you consider ethically and morally acceptable? What kind of solution would you consider ideal?
You said they were more secular. I gave you a secular viewpoint. It's not hard; just follow the discussion.

Is there another gauge of secular thinking? Throw it out there. How are they more secular?
I dont think you understand what Zionism is.

Also theres more jews in America than there is in Israel.
War is hardly ever justified. The UN forced a people into a region, drew some borders, and the Arabs got pissed. Justified? Well, it is hard to argue that it wasn't, considering the situation, but maybe they should have attacked the UN headquarters instead of the Jews. 

I think the US is immoral and has no right to exist! But we are where we are! We owe a lot of people apologies and we should try to make amends. Granted, we can't all move back to Europe (and everywhere else on the planet), but just allowing casino ownership doesn't really solve old wounds. We wronged generations of people through imperialism. It's now 2008...we can't undue it, but we can address it and try to correct it the best way we can. How? I don't fucking know! But our government, and other governments, would rather avoid the past than face up to it and try to correct past grievances. We can't move the Jews out of Israel, any more than we can move the Europeans (and every other nationality on this planet) out of North America.

Would I agree to a two state solution? Hell yes, but it isn't up to me. The Israelis and the Pali's need to work that crap out, hopefully with international support (Arab and otherwise).

What solution would I consider ideal? Two states, shared holy sites. Will it work? I think they kinda tried it...extremists on both sides kinda screw it up. Again, that is really up to the Israeli state and the Palis to figure out. We certainly don't need to force borders on that region again!

The problem is, there is a generation of heartache between those groups and the forced UN border/nation building. I don't know if they can come to a compromise...maybe when they get sick of killing each other?
He's asking you if you're fucking John Hagee.
Zionism: http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;client=firefox-a&amp;rls=com.ubuntu:en-US:unofficial&amp;hs=vnt&amp;defl=en&amp;q=define:Zionism&amp;sa=X&amp;oi=glossary_definition&amp;ct=title

I think I pretty much got it...unless you have some "special" definition I am not aware of.
I completely agree, I'm not saying they are not using us, I'm just saying that they are about the only country in the region with at least somewhat cordial relations with the US.
Last I checked Christians had no problems with burning the Koran. Im sure the Koran burnings in Ohio were a big deal to everyone, right?
ZING! That went completely over my head!
They sank one of our military vessels in 1967! As far as I am concerned, that is no different than 19 Saudi terrorists (19? My number is off), or Iran holding hostages. Cordial my ass. They kiss our butts for $$ and political favors. They may not be as dramatic as other mid-east countries, but just because they have a way with words does not mean they are "cordial". Cordial is heartfelt...they manipulate us, and they do a damn good job of it.
I obviously missed your joke. And it was funny...I am just slow.
yeah it is not the book but what the book is a symbol of. keep the gospels and start your fires with the letters of paul...
As I said, buring a book or burning 100 books is no big deal in itself, as long as nobody dies. When that soldier shot up the Koran I did not care and when men burn the English flag I do not care. They are just bits of paper and cloth.

The fact that people get offended by said paper and cloth being burnt, enough to want to kill other people is the real problem. It's fucking insane.
Of course it does.

Religion is for the stupid and the insane. Nobody else could blindly follow it so.
I know what you mean, I saw Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade this week. Wow.
[deleted]
Last time he was in the neighbourhood, he stuck around. See what that got him?
Well said.  But you forgot "the gullible".
and we do the same to every other country on earth... but I get your point.  You're right.
"I don't understand why we support Israel. The Zionists do not like Christians...yet American Christians bend over backwards to support "God's Chosen People.""

It's the pro-Israel Lobby.
Yes, it is that powerful in this country.

The following two blogs are of note:

http://www.philipweiss.org/

http://www.richardsilverstein.com/tikun_olam/

This is my little corner of the web (a much less influential blog - see the other 2, feel free to ignore mine :-)

http://americangoy.blogspot.com/
Gullibility is a sign of stupidity, at least in adults. To trust people with power, money and monopoly on legal violence toward you is a stupid thing to do no matter how naive one may be.
Ah, I see now.  I usually consider gullibility more closely linked to naivete and ignorance rather than stupidity.  I do see where you're coming from though.  

Maybe "mentally incompetent" would be a better term since it includes all those deficiencies required to fall prey to a religion?
Agreed.

I consider belief in imaginary beings (friends, gods, demons) to be a sign of insanity and we should lock these people up and try to fix them or heal them, not let them roam free spreading religious mental VD.
Absolutely.  The world faces real problems, and to solve them we need people able to percieve and understand reality.  Religious people trying to re-write facts and reality to suit their shared delusion are no better than individual crazy people trying to re-write facts and reality to suit their individual delusion.
The sad fact is that the majority of the world is religious and that most of them consider anybody who is not their specific kind of religious to be a lesser or more unhappy being.

Communism had one thing right, religion should be banned from all political life. Hell, at least in China when the government kills you or invades a country, they don't blame it on god.
Of course our policy toward them is the reason all the other nations there hate us.  Mearsheimer and Walt, israel lobby and us foreign policy.  read it.
I was talking about the terrorist rabbi parties Kach and Kahane Chai

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meir_Kahane

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kach_and_Kahane_Chai
@twodaylife...Stop with the euphemisms.
&gt; The Zionists do not like Christians

Please, please don't lump all us jews -- or even all zionists -- in with these pieces of shit.  I'm really really sorry on their behalf, if it means anything.  From the article:

&gt;the concept of a Jew burning books is abhorrent to many in Israel because of the association with Nazis torching piles of Jewish books during the Holocaust of World War II.

These guys are total assholes.  They're not mainstream any more than the KKK is mainstream in the US.
&gt;I've heard many statements from Zionists suggesting the idea

If you go to stormfront, you can hear many statements from americans suggesting that idea.  That doesn't mean that that idea is any commoner within the american public than it is within the zionist movement (which you should [read up on](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zionism)).

If you've really heard zionists suggesting genocide, which I sort of doubt, then you've sought out some incredibly fringe zionists.  I'm jewish; I know plenty of people who would consider themselves zionists; they're just as horrified with the idea of genocide as anyone else.

I'm not trying to argue in favor of anything israel's done, or against anything the palestinians have; I'm just pointing out that you're seriously overgeneralizing.
To anyone who downvoted this: the reddit faq says

&gt; Please don't downvote comments just because you disagree with them. You should downvote comments that are uninformative or offtopic.
Plenty of jews move out of israel all the time.

On the other hand, most jews living in israel do consider themselves zionist.

On the gripping hand, zionism has nothing to do with the bible-burning.  These guys are burning bibles because they're crazy religious extremists; it has nothing to do with zionism (which is a *political* movement)
Well, you don't seem to understand who zionists are or how they see themselves.  [The wiki article](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zionism) is a good primer.
What kind of ridiculous logic is this? Who cares what they were called. The fact of the matter is, people inhabited the land. People of distinct culture, language, and tradition. To say otherwise is historical revisionism. Nation-state labeling bares no significance in a region which had little nationalism, and was part of a multi-ethnic empire.

I suppose you're one of those that consider palestinians just "jordanians." Go tell that to a jordanian and get laughed at in the face.
[deleted]
In a religious context, the term Semitic can refer to the religions associated with the speakers of these languages: thus Judaism, Christianity and Islam are often described as "Semitic religions", though the term Abrahamic religions is more commonly used today. A truly comprehensive account of "Semitic" religions would include the polytheistic Ancient Semitic religions (such as the religions of Adad, Hadad) that flourished in the Middle East before the Abrahamic religions.
Yes, this is a point I make constantly.  My use of the term _anti-Semite_ was meant as parody.

I believe it the term to be bigoted and most hateful when used in the usual manner, i.e., when flung as invective.
&gt;There is absolutely no question that on a completely empty piece of land for which no one else lays a claim, one could create a "Jewish dominated" state... (and) exclude anyone they don't like from ever crossing the border.

I suppose if Israel had been founded on a completely empty piece of land, some justification could be made. However, the area now claimed by Israel was already occupied by semitic peoples with a cultural heritage distinct from Jewish culture when the nation was declared.

&gt;the "palestinian" national identity is a fabrication designed to topple Israel.

The Palestinian people seem to think the nation of Israel is a fabrication designed to justify their eviction from their ancestral home.

What claim can the Jewish people make to the land that is more valid then the other semitic peoples of the region? The one I seem to hear bandied about the most involves the theological mythology of Judaism. 

The Palestinians also have some really old books that say their god gave the land to *them*. Personally I find both arguments absurd.
No .... but a small disclosure at the front pointing out the bible is a work of fiction would help.
Better the government than organized religion.
Correct... that's exactly where they belong
We should make sure physicists do the same, then.  Seems like we might need some sort of armed body to pull that off, though ..
Yes, that worked out so well in the Soviet Union, China, and Cambodia.

Summary:
Nazis burn books, Muslims burn books, and Jews are burning books.
They are just people trying to get by.
I don't understand why we support Israel.
"I don't understand why we support Israel.
I dont think you understand what Zionism is.
It says that I visited Israel, and there are people there.
&gt; stop generalizing all Israelis as "Zionist"

I don't see anyone doing that.
First, I'm not a Christian.
I think the US is immoral and has no right to exist!
It's that we don't want to hear them.
&gt; Most people in the US are probably German too.
Also theres more jews in America than there is in Israel.
I do see where you're coming from though.
I'm not sure I understand what you mean by that.
It is as bad as how the Germans burned millions of books though.
They just use it to control people.
&gt; I support Israel's unquestionable right to exist

Nonsense.
I'm going to say here again what I posted before, stop generalizing all Israelis as "Zionist".
I could go on all day.
Well, you don't seem to understand who zionists are or how they see themselves.
It's not just people who try to de-Germanize themselves.
I would like to welcome some offended christians and burn some of our own "holy" books right back.
You know what kind of balls I have.
As a Christian, I need to say that I'm not offended in the least.
And on that note, FUCK BOOK BURNING.
They weren't the only people to live on that land.
You know most Israelis are actually more secular than most Americans.
"You know most Israelis are actually more secular than most Americans."
so we're dealing with nazi jews here?
You just wrote what I wrote.
I'm not seeing the problem here.
I didn't mention anything about Israel.
and we do the same to every other country on earth... but I get your point.
They do speak for Israel!
You want to say that they don't speak for all of Israel, but look at Israeli policy towards Palestinians!
It's a fact, not an argument.
Would I agree to a two state solution?
The Nazis were just one scary group of people doing these things.
Are you saying that Jewish people never had any nation/homeland?
"Are you saying that Jewish people never had any nation/homeland?"
"in we do you refer to the people or the government."
Plenty of jews move out of israel all the time.
are Nazis

A Zionist is really just anybody who supports the existence of the state of Israel.
Don't ask for a definition of zionism.
I can't say I disagree with you.
Book burning should never happen.
I think it goes on to this day really.
I am most surprised, though, that anyone thinks that this has anything to do with Zionism.
&gt; Inevitable when you are talking about burning books.
The Palestinians also have some really old books that say their god gave the land to *them*.
It is the extremists who control policy in Israel.
Edit: also, I don't find that interesting.
Last I checked Christians had no problems with burning the Koran.
(I voted you back up)
This is what any type of religion gets you.
It is most certainly people's right to consent to such a thing.
I'm jewish; I know plenty of people who would consider themselves zionists; they're just as horrified with the idea of genocide as anyone else.
But how do I know how fucking wingnuts think?
Don't tell me what I dare to do.
&gt; Well since people on Reddit are so anti German I felt the need to look around 

I feel your need to look around.
I have no idea either.
I'm being down voted but what I said is actually true.
No allegation is made that the Germans _burned_ Jews.
On the other hand, most jews living in israel do consider themselves zionist.
I don't know why I should give a fuck who's fucking me when I'm dead.
What solution would I consider ideal?
Well actually these are the religious extremists.
Well, it's not nearly as bad as how the Germans burned millions of Jews.
I don't care who burns books that much, as books themselves aren't worth that much and at least aren't human lives.
I suppose you're one of those that consider palestinians just "jordanians."
And if you don't do it for us you're all anti-Semites!
&gt; and have actually been there and many "Jews" there are really atheist and do not believe any of your bullet points.
Do you believe that the entire state of Israel is immoral and has no right to exist?
It is not whether we agree or not.
Inevitable when you are talking about burning books.
Try reading what I've said once again.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.83
