Original Response:
He was taking part in a gunfight shooting randomly in the air where there were innocent civilians. I don't care if his bullet wasn't the one that struck Pniewska, he's just as guilty as his opponent who the police did not find.
No, he's not, because his bullet is not the one that hit her.
&gt;Armel Gnango, 17, was found guilty of
&gt;murder, attempted murder and possessing a
&gt;gun to endanger life.

Possessing a gun to endanger - Sure.

Attempted murder - Sure, of the mystery other person.

Murder? Of someone he didn't kill? - Fuck no.
[deleted]
Are gunfights in a public street legal where you are? I doubt it. Guns are illegal here in the UK; if you are in a gunfight and someone dies you should be locked up for the rest of your life as far as I'm concerned. We are fed up with weapon-wielding pussies.

Tell me, were you just as outraged when the kids that [beat the goth girl to death](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/lancashire/7370637.stm) were sentenced? Only one dealt the fatal blow.
They do know who his opponent is, but they don't have enough evidence to convict him.

But I agree, the guy they prosecuted is still guilty of murder.
Yeah, that's totally the same.  Except not.

If both people in the gunfight had shot the victim, then they would both be guilty, regardless of which bullet was the fatal shot.  But they didn't both shoot her.  Only one did, and not the one they found guilty.
You do know there's such a thing as "intent" right?  Even if Gnango's bullet had been the one that killed Pniewska, the most he should have been convicted of is Manslaughter.
I think you have a very warped view of Manslaughter.
[deleted]
Murder, maybe not. Manslaughter? Definitely. He's guilty of being part of the circumstance that killed that woman. I think that's a good enough reason to put him away.
BraveSirRobin was a coward, that's the point. I'm arguing with strangers on line, hardly brave!
In the US there's the Felony Murder Rule: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Felony_murder_rule

It seems like an application of the same principle.
&gt; We are fed up with weapon-wielding pussies.

This is ironic considering your nick.
Yes, I agree with that, under UK law it would probably be a better verdict. But I'm not going to lose any sleep over this hoods conviction.
He did not _kill_ her.  He can still be guilty of murder.  For an example from the U.S., http://www.nola.com/news/index.ssf/2008/02/getaway_driver_guilty_in_woman.html

&gt; The jury returned a unanimous guilty verdict at 1:30 p.m. at Orleans Parish Criminal District Court. Prosecutors went after Foreman under the state's second-degree murder law, which allows anyone playing a role in a slaying to be charged with murder.
Yeah no I'm pretty sure my "view" of Manslaughter is correct.

MANSLAUGHTER - The unlawful killing of a human being without malice or premeditation, either express or implied; distinguished from murder, which requires malicious intent.
Are you a UK lawyer?
What if this "hood" had been a police officer involved in a shoot out?  Should that officer be convicted of murder as well?  

This is a blatant case of the prosecutor's office looking for their pound of flesh.
It is indeed (it's the doctrine of constructive malice over here). I think that principle even predates the separation of British and American legal systems. Consider the case of [Derek Bentley](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek_Bentley).
Damn Reddit losing my comment...

No, it's incorrect. He had malicious intent in pulling out his weapon, so if his bullet was the one to hit that woman, then he's guilty of murder.

If you try to run over and kill Person A in your car but run over Person B in the process, that's murder, not manslaughter. You had malicious intent. The law doesn't say "Oh, well you were trying to hit that other person so we'll let this one slide."
"The court was told it was not Gnango's weapon which fired the fatal bullet but he was still responsible for the killing because he was involved in the gunfight."

He could easily have picked up a gun that was not his own or shouted out to a friend to shoot the target he chose. This title is misleading.
That is actually a very good point, and I concede that murder would be the correct verdict in the car analogy.

In this case however, his car didn't run over Person A or Person B but he was still convicted of murdering someone.

Its not within the court's power to say "well shit, we don't have enough evidence to try the actual shooter so lets string up the other shooter instead".
The driver was working with the assailant in the case you are referring to, AND who shot 1st was not established in the UK shootout case.

Plus, US law is a joke.  Any lawyer can wordsmith any one of the millions of court verdicts to prove any point.

This is why the rich get away with everything.  They can afford many, many more lawyers of much better quality to mine the vast legal archives.
Not so ... The rule used here is similar to the rule used to convict armed robbers when a cop shoots and accidentally killed someone besides the robber. This guy created a situation where someone was killed, he is culpable for the murder.
Believe it or not, he *would* be prosecuted here in the UK. 

Remember, our police don't usually have guns. Having someone die at the hands of the police is so rare that you probably hear about it where ever you are.
our police don't tend to have firearms therefore do not take part in shoot outs, only specially trained officers are allowed firearms, and they have a fairly good record of shooting who they're supposed to (not counting that brazillian guy they managed to shoot 4 times in the head by accident a few days after 7/7)
&gt;Her sister told the Old Bailey she heard Ms Pniewska's last breath down the phone.

&gt;The victim's mother, Barbara Pniewska, said in a victim impact statement read in court: "The death of our Magda has cast a shadow on our reason for living.

Not the point of the article but that sure doesn't sound good when you have other children.

Personally I'm okay with this, guns are illegal over in there so people shouldn't have them in the first place.  You start firing a gun in a public place people are going to get hurt.  Maybe murder was a bit stiff but if you're going to get nailed for the murder of bystanders from your rival maybe people won't shoot at each other in public places.
Ok, I will say it: "Common law" criminal law is pretty fucked up.

And I'm not saying it just because i'm from a Civil law country: I will gladly admit that Common law trial is far better. 

But your criminal substantive law can be very wrong, and the whole "mens rea" thing is a mess.

I think you should study our criminal law as much as we study your criminal trial.
He's a dumbass with a gun - jail is where he belongs.
See: [http://reddit.com/info/6kdxz/comments/c043ivw](http://reddit.com/info/6kdxz/comments/c043ivw)

Murder was in fact the correct verdict for this case.  Learning is fun!  Thanks for the good discussion.
After reading up on the laws surrounding Joint Enterprise cases, a verdict of murder was correct.

Both parties were there for the express purpose of trying to kill each other.  That a third party died makes both of them culpable for murder.
Felony murder dude.  Look it up.
I'm very curious about the reason of the downmods.
Okay, stretching the analogy to absolute breaking point.  If you started chasing another car while driving, and were trying to run them off the road, and they ran someone over while trying to escape from you, what would you be guilty of?
How so?
The correct analogy would be that you were both trying to run each other off the road, and the other guy ran over someone in the process.

Under Common Purpose laws or Joint Enterprise laws, you are both liable and culpable for that person's death and should be tried in a court of law as such.
They're all guilty of something.
[deleted]
Yep, did.  Both parties in the shoot out are in fact culpable in the murder even though Gnango's bullet wasn't the one that killed the victim.

I'm not editing my comments though since its a good discussion on the law surrounding this case.
It is not an incorrect ruling, but that does not mean that it is *right*.
Um the article says that he shot towards the air with intent to "scare off" the other guy. How is that intent to "kill each other"?
This title is misleading.
Wasn't it 7 times in the head?

Obviously accidental, though.
Agreed, the title is very misleading.
But why is it wrong?  The felony murder rule is based upon the theory that someone already committing a felony crime is liable for any other resulting consequences of his or her actions.  Therefore, if you pull out a gun in a public place and start shooting at someone, you're responsible for anyone you hit, not just who you're aiming at.
It was the defense's claim that he shot towards the air.

It was the prosecution's claim that it was a gunfight in which the victim was caught in the crossfire.

Now, while I don't have access to the court transcripts or documents, I can only infer that the prosecution's case was the stronger of the two thus leading to the conviction.
Ask the jury.
She was guilty of talking on her cell phone when she should have been paying attention to the firefight going on around her.
I guess someone should tell these reactionary housewife twats about involuntary manslaughter.
The murder charge is reserved for his rival.
Appropriate charges for this dumb asshole:
Disturbing the peace
discharging a firearm within city limits
involuntary manslaughter or manslaughter due to negligence
carrying a concealed weapon
assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill
endangering the public safety in an act of gross negligence
any related gang laws..
etc..

but murder one? nigga please.


I guess it falls under that death while committing a felony clause- just more class warfare bullshit.

Bush and Cheney should be in prison right now if that law was applied to them.
I didn't downmod him, but "fscked" is more than enough to do the trick.
yeah- it's still a bullshit law, ask Patty Hearst.
[deleted]
Its nice that civil discourse can take place sometimes here on Reddit and people can actually be wrong and admit that.

Kudos to you Nowa, you've earned my respect. I've also learned something too from this thread. +2!
yeah, there's no comparison at all here.
Cops are doing their job and practice to not be a shitty shot, and have rules of engagement.

street punk assholes- no such luck.

I still think they should have put him away for a massive chunk of his life, but not for this particular charge.
he never shot her idiot. it was the other dude....and where the fuck is he anyways?

sounds like they are making up for their incompetence? or did he die?
tbotcotw you have outed yourself as an ignorant piece of shit.
Brave Sir Robin explained for your moronic ass:

http://ca.youtube.com/watch?v=BZwuTo7zKM8
I've seen practically the same perp photo so many times before.
United States of America.
Best justice money can buy.
where he will be sucking guns instead of shooting them.
or aliens could have teleported in and shot her...
keep reaching...
endian675 is referring to my comment on jean charles de menezes the Brazilian guy who got shot to death by plain clothes police on the london tube in 2005.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Charles_de_Menezes
But with the gun ban in the UK, shouldn't that mean that **nobody** shoots anyone?

/sarcasm
wikipedia says that 11 shots were fired, 7 times in the head and one in the shoulder so i assume the other 3 managed to miss, all hollow points.
Quite an achievement to miss from a range of 2 feet.

I heard a rumour that the officers at the inquest were asked "Why did you shoot him 11 times?".  They replied, "because we ran out of bullets".
[deleted]
There are many words I could use to describe you.  After not very much deliberation I've decided on 

TWUNT
You can believe whatever you want, but here's a Protip: Don't discharge firearms into the air in populated areas for any reason if you're a civilian.
Every one in a while this pops up where two guys attack someone.  The victim fights back and kills one of the attackers.  The other attacked goes down for his partner's murder.
&gt;they have a fairly good record of shooting who they're supposed to (not counting that brazillian guy they managed to shoot 4 times in the head by accident a few days after 7/7)

[Gail Kinchin](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Police_use_of_firearms_in_the_United_Kingdom) was the first person shot by British police. She was being held hostage by her boyfriend.

That wiki page lists people who didn’t need any shooting (or at least not very much)

I’m curious to see a list of armed robbers, nuts with guns or actual terrorists that the police have shot.
&gt; The felony murder rule is based upon the theory that someone already committing a felony crime is liable for any other resulting consequences of his or her actions.

True, although a lot of the work is done in defining "resulting consequences."

&gt; Therefore, if you pull out a gun in a public place and start shooting at someone, you're responsible for anyone you hit, not just who you're aiming at.

Also true, but a conviction here would not rest on the felony murder rule, and, because it carries a lighter penalty in many jurisdictions, would not be used by a prosecutor.  Instead, what you have described, is an illustration of transferred intent.  It's similar to the felony murder rule in that the intent to yield a result is attributed to someone who didn't actually have that specific intent.  However, it's not the same thing as the felony murder rule.
It seems obvious to me that no matter what action he took the other boy would have shot and killed this women. 

He could of stood and done a jig and she would still be dead.

The letter of the law aside for the moment, this is not justice. He did not kill anyone.
Wow, you're an angry idiot, aren't you? 

I know who Brave Sir Robin is. That's the point, he was a coward, and this guy is sick of cowards... it's ironic, is all.
So its ok for soldiers to discharge firearms into the air in populated areas for any reason?
Headline sounds ridiculous.

Article sounds fair.
Nothing against you, brother. Just thought it was a funny coincidence.
&gt;He could easily have picked up a gun that was not his own 

Because whenever a gun fight breaks out, the street is suddenly littered with loaded guns.

&gt;or shouted out to a friend to shoot the target he chose.

But nobody is accusing him of that.
I think what we need is to teach thugs how to aim properly so they only kill each other.
Hey! You guys know things! I'm sure that's against the rules around here...
Or that the jury had no pity for a young black male. I find it interesting that the other shooter wasn't caught.
Alongside Dick Cheney.
Compare it to the US. You could almost say it's *nobody* when you look at gun deaths.
Lol! Like the fucking lady I saw reading on the highway yesterday.
Well, then civil liberties are long since eroded, because the felony-murder rule has its roots in centuries of law.
Nothing against you either, I don't know what moron modded you down. I did what I could to fix it...
Hard to study your criminal law if we don't know where you're from.
Nevermind the downmod, I wanna know how I pissed [this guy](http://reddit.com/info/6kdxz/comments/c043jit) off so much:

&gt; tbotcotw you have outed yourself as an ignorant piece of shit. Brave Sir Robin explained for your moronic ass
I omitted to specify the country, because I wanted to point your attention to the **"Civil Law"** system as a whole.
Didn't you know? Being black makes you automatically guilty!
You existed, that's enough for a troll.

He's one of the more annoying ones though in that sometimes he breaks character and contributes something worthwhile.
[deleted]
The other person that the teen said was involved could not be convicted due to lack of evidence.

And FUCK YOU for bring race into this.  He would have been no less of a murderer if he was white, asian, or latino...
Fair analysis.
Please do your research before posing entirely pathos centric arguements, chock full of emotional words such as, "civil liberties, 9-11..."
So?
Well said.
It absolutely is *right*. What the hell do you think is going to happen if you shoot recklessly in a public street?
Quite right. Bloody hell, we agree.
BOO HOO, because a jury doesn't see race.

So standing before God would he be a murderer?

Convictions where you didn't perpetrate the core crime is just stupid. I'm all about accountability but it goes a bit too far at times.

FUCK YOU TOO twat.
I didn't twig it was ironic. How stupid do I feel.
While we're agreeing let's not talk about de Menezes...
You sound like John McCain when you say, '*my friend*'. It's ***really*** irritating.
[deleted]
Yes, my friend is in jail 25-life right now as a result of this. He was driving the car, and got caught as an accomplice, even though he didn't know they killed the guy (he thought they were buying drugs, instead they beat the 70-year-old and took his drugs, killing him)

Bad scene all around, but it's the right thing. You help with murder, you're a murderer, even if you don't do the clubbing yourself.
Isn't the point of a civil law system that everything is codified.  Hence, if we don't know the country, we can't learn the codified laws, and if we can't learn the codified laws we can't compare them to our own?  Right?
So, what you're saying is that the voices in your head sound like Republicans? Maybe it's time to put down the keyboard and get outside a bit more.
I'm not arguing that the jury doesn't see race...  The point is that it did not affect the course of this trial whatsoever.

I'm really not sure if God would see this person as a murderer, but that's not for us to us to decide. Based on the law of man, however, he is guilty of murder.

In the US (and I imagine it's the same in the UK) if you commit a felony and someone dies as a direct result of your felonious action, you're a murderer.
They might have a reason to.  They shouldn't just do it on a whim.
you're more clueless than I


Felony Murder....
It could have been far worse. The officers that did the deed had been told he was a terrorist and an imminent danger. They followed the procedure that had been agreed upon so they really were not at fault. 

The screw up was among those behind the policy and intelligence gathering. There was no one single person to prosecute. Unfortunately there was a lot of bullshit, like the CCTV cameras in the station that were supposedly "broken" on the day. There should have at least been a few resignations over it. 

The point is that it was investigated, which is more than can be said for many other places around the world.
Does anyone remember the story about the guy that was charged with felony murder of a cop that crashed his car when driving to join a search for the guy?  The cop had been drinking and wasn't anywhere near the search area and basically the commission of the felony was over since the guy had gotten away.  But the jury convicted him anyway.  You have to love the US justice system!
Guns are not illegal in the UK. Just large swathes of the population are not allowed to own one. I'm not just talking about farmers with shotguns either.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Handguns are completely illegal. You need to have a specific reason for the rest. Large swathes of the population have no reason, there aren't many deer in the inner city. Saying that, we could do with a few less pigeons.
Just because it's the law doesn't mean it's right. Most of us aren't lawyers, but we can still talk about whether we think a thing is right.
The goth girl thing is different. The non-fatal blows could've been fatal. His shots in the air couldn't have been fatal.

And even if he shot at her, and it was a non-fatal shot, well... that's what the term "*attempted* murder" is for. To differentiate between murder and, well, attempted murder.
"Gnango, of Streatham Hill, south-west London, told the court: "I put my hands over my head as I was crouching and let off a shot."

He was involved, he had a gun and he pulled the trigger whether or not he fired the fatal shot. 

Go straight to jail, do not pass Go.
Typical didn't Reddit response.
[deleted]
Of course. I'm not a lawyer myself, though I have worked for them on many occasions and I have a ok'ish grounding in UK law. 

I actually disagree with the verdict here; it should have been manslaughter he was charged with. It's the UK equivalent of 2nd degree murder in the US, basically unintentional but culpable. But he *was* culpable, his actions put her life in mortal danger and she died as a result of it.
There's a reason why it's often called not the justice system but the legal system.
Slap some extra time on for the dumb little fucker going into a gun fight without knowing how to shoot.  Maybe cut a little time off if he volunteers for sterilization.
Apparently, be held responsible for **someone else** recklessly shooting a stranger.
&gt; You help with murder, you're a murderer, even if you don't do the clubbing yourself.

So if you carpool kids to school, and one of them shoots someone, you're a murderer?

No, it's not the right thing to be held accountable for what *someone else does* that *you didn't even know about*.
[deleted]
You can get a Home Office Licence for hand guns and automatic weapons. Don't believe all the crap they tell you on the BBC.

I'm not arguing justification for owning one just stating the facts.
&gt; Are gunfights in a public street legal where you are? 

No. The appropriate charge, depending on the jurisdiction and circumstances, might be reckless endangerment or disturbing the peace.

&gt; Guns are illegal here in the UK; 

That's your fucking problem.  How do you intend to depose a tyrannical British government if the populace isn't armed?

&gt; ... if you are in a gunfight and someone dies you should be locked up for the rest of your life as far as I'm concerned.

If someone's invading my home and dies in a gunfight, I'm defending my self, my family, and my home.  That's self-defense, not murder.

Also, it's funny how the rule you suggest never seems to apply to cops who are in gunfights where people die.

&gt; ... were you just as outraged when the kids that beat the goth girl to death were sentenced? 

One of those kids pled guilty to murder; the other was found guilty at trial.  Both were clearly guilty of aggravated battery at the very least, but without further information, it's not possible to know whether the one found guilty dealt the fatal blow, or if the injuries inflicted be either alone would have been fatal.  In the case at hand, the convicted was acknowledged by the court not to have directly caused any physical harm to the deceased.  So no, I was not outraged at the resolution of the UK case.
The law isn't perfect, it assumes the world is in black and white, no shades of gray. In real life everyone's situation is different. The law doesn't ask why you were there, it only says if you were there, you are guilty. The kid in the article claims he fired up as a warning shot. As far as the law is concerned, he fired his weapon, and if you fire a weapon it can only be with intent to kill or do bodily harm. They never heard of a warning shot.
[deleted]
You wouldnt be an accomplice at that point- you dont have a common purpose which has some kind of risk of death attached. A taxi driver does not get accomplice liability if he takes an ordinary fare to a bank and it gets robbed. If he accepts $100 to 'wait here' then he would.
those are wack cases; I particularly liked the one where two helicopters crashed in LA covering a freeway chase (I think atleast 1 was a cop). My recollection was that the guy got off because the results were so attenuated and unpredictable. Maybe Im wrong.
A warning shot is always a risky move because of the possibility of ricochet or hitting an innocent passerby. Police, for example, NEVER fire a warning shot if there are bystanders in the area.

And the law isn't "if you're there, you're guilty." It's "if you're there *to commit a felony* you're guilty." So gonorrhea's stupid carpool strawman is useless.
You don't understand the law, I can see that; let's put that aside.

As the CPS lawyer said: each fired their gun, in a public place with innocent people around them, with intent to kill.

What's your problem?
&gt; Police, for example, NEVER fire a warning shot if there are bystanders in the area.

Right, they fire all the shots into unarmed people trying to get away.  Especially if they're black.

&gt; It's "if you're there to commit a felony you're guilty." 

Of MURDER, which is the broken part of the equation, and not a straw man at all.  Numerous nonviolent "crimes" are felonies.
&gt; If he accepts $100 to 'wait here' then he would.

Citation needed.
Your example was to "carpool kids to school".  If you're not there to commit a crime yourself, and they commit a crime, you're not guilty.
Dear gun-people:  I'm going to make this very simple for you.  

**Do not hold gun fights in the streets! It's your fault if someone dies!**

Anyone that's stupid enough to think "as long as I'm not paying attention to where I'm shooting, it's not my fault" is just as guilty of murder.
[deleted]
Every day on Reddit there's a new crime mystery to be solved. Except we know who was accused and what they were accused of; the trick is to figure out why.
Substitute "cop" for "thug" and see if you still agree:

The thug shot with intent to kill in a public street.  A bystander died from someone else's bullet.  The thug committed murder.

The cop shot with intent to kill in a public street.  A bystander died from someone else's bullet.  The cop committed murder.


Well?  If we can hold all to the same standard, I have less of a problem.
great job debating the topic you mindless crackwhore.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Intent to kill is different than actually killing someone.
My example was a question.

The general principle is "it's NOT the right thing to be held accountable for what someone else does that you didn't even know about."

If you go to buy a misdemeanor amount of pot, and two people fight and someone gets killed, the fact that you were committing a "crime" is neither here nor there.

Increasing the amount of pot to a felony amount does not increase your culpability!
&gt; How do you intend to depose a tyrannical British government if the populace isn't armed?

Peaceful protest. Strikes. It's been done several times before.

Assuming you are American, what have you done to dispose of your own, current tyrannical government? If they were to start interment tomorrow, do you think you'd stand a chance? Violent resistance simply justifies violent suppression in their mind. 

&gt; If someone's invading my home and dies in a gunfight, I'm defending my self, my family, and my home. 

If they also had a gun, sure. Here in the UK there is almost zero chance of an invader having a gun. Having the gun illegally is a far greater crime than house breaking. 

I don't think you understand just how rare guns are here. I know some "colourful" characters that could get you anything you wanted from a phone call away, but I've never come across anyone even mentioning owning a firearm or having one available. I've been offered tasers and asp battons in the past. But guns? Just doesn't happen.

By the way, I don't really support gun control in the US. There are simply too many in circulation to make it viable. 

&gt; it's funny how the rule you suggest never seems to apply to cops who are in gunfights where people die.

Because we are talking about the UK. And the cops do get investigated here after any occasion the special firearms units discharge their weapons. It will make national news every time it happens. 

&gt; In the case at hand, the convicted was acknowledged by the court not to have directly caused any physical harm to the deceased.

It doesn't matter. He was directly culpable in her death. He choose to carry a firearm which is very illegal here and he used the weapon in a public street. As I've tried to explain in other posts, murder in the UK is not the same as the US. We have an additional charge, manslaughter, which is used when the perpetrator did not intend to kill. For example, if you pushed someone, they fell and banged their head. In either case discussed here, the assailants used a weapon or sustained attack with a high likelihood of causing death thus a murder charge can be considered appropriate. But it is a borderline case and could easily have swung towards manslaughter, which I think it should have. But both charges are way more damning than "reckless endangerment" or "disturbing the peace", which they should be in this case.
ahhh... my bad. sorry.
I looked it up. No such law in the UK.
Yes it is.

However, in the UK, there used to be and still is in very restricted circumstances a legal principle of 'constructive malice'.

To quote:

&gt;*Constructive malice was the doctrine that malice aforethought, the mens rea (Latin for "guilty mind") for murder, could be attributed to the defendant if death was caused during the commission of another felony, e.g. the accused accidentally caused death during a robbery or burglary (which were then felonies). s1 Act 1957 abolished constructive malice except where the intention implicit in the other crime matches that required for murder*

So in this instance, the implicit intention matched the actual crime.

That's ok by me. You wish to call it something different, go ahead.
Fine by me, just hold the pigs to EXACTLY the same standards and we are all set.
Your example was not a regular question, but a rhetorical question.  Let's look at the full quote:

&gt; So if you carpool kids to school, and one of them shoots someone, you're a murderer?
No, it's not the right thing to be held accountable for what someone else does that you didn't even know about.

The point is that in the example in the article, and in the example of helping people murder without doing the actual beating, the accused's actions help lead to someone's death.  That makes them morally culpable, in my eyes, and as it turns out enough people agree with me that they are also legally culpable.

Your attempts at setting up and knocking down strawmen do nothing to break down the argument that if people die as a result of your actions, you are responsible.
You're morally bankrupt, aren't you. 

As you won't understand the moral distinction, here's the legal one: Constructive Malice applies if the death was caused during the commission of another felony, the intention of which was to cause death.

As the policeman wasn't committing a felony, it doesn't apply. You lose. Fact.

Now. Why don't you just fuck off you disgusting piece of shit.
[deleted]
Your fact pattern doesn't match a proper application of the rule. 

Felony murder revolves around the commission of a felony, when someone dies during the commission of a felony those responsible for the felony are imputed with the murder, and when someone is committing a felony they are responsible for the deaths that result from that felony, 

Carpooling kids to school is not a felony.
ok.. i thought you were thinking he was actually brave .. i dunno.. I fucked up.
My bad.
&gt; and in the example of helping people murder without doing the actual beating, the accused's actions help lead to someone's death.

Driving someone to pick something up is not "helping people murder" except in the most indirect and tortured logic.

You're arguing with yourself, because you first claim that being there to commit a crime is necessary, and then you use a nebulous example of "actions that help lead to someone's death".  

The carpooler's actions are precisely the same as the drug driver's actions -- driving someone else from point A to point B.

You don't know what a straw man is.  Stop using terms you don't understand.  

People didn't die as a "result" of his actions, they died as the result of someone ELSE'S actions that the former party had no inkling of, in the car example.

The only difference with the carpool example is that drug-buying was not part of it; but the contribution by the driver is the same in both cases.

It's morally wrong to convict someone for someone ELSE'S actions.  The *degree* to which they contributed matters, and it's very different with a shootout vs. giving someone a lift.

&gt; and as it turns out enough people agree with me

That's very close to the Appeal To Popularity fallacy.  But that doesn't even matter, because your premise that it's illegal due to popularity isn't even correct.  Most laws and statutes are not written based on popular vote.
The article is about a gunfight between two individuals and an application of the felony murder rule and you instantly race to the bottom and point out a probably agreeable bad/harmful application of the rule with pot? 

The problem with your general principle is that the person DOES know about the commission of a felony.
&gt; Assuming you are American, what have you done to dispose of your own, current tyrannical government? 

Public leafletting and stickering.  Voting.  Get out the vote effort.  Writing to Congress.  Proposed bill to city government calling for the immediate impeachment and trial of President Bush.  (That one failed by the way; city council voted 3-2 against.)

Haven't shot anyone over it though.  Was that your point?

If it was, you may be interested to know that Bush has been doing far less than usual of the traditional ceremonial duties, like laying wreaths on Memorial Day, that sort of thing.  This is due to the greatly increased volume of credible threats on his life uncovered by Secret Service (police force who protect the lives of high officials, among other things).  Apparently, at least some armed Americans do consider it their duty to protect the country with all force necessary.

&gt; If they were to start interment tomorrow, do you think you'd stand a chance? 

One of my forefathers became a traitor to his government and rebelled, against overwhelming odds, because it was the right thing to do.  As it turns out, he did OK.  Some years after signing the Declaration of Independence, he signed the US Constitution.

Whether a thing is the right thing to do doesn't depend on whether you think you stand a chance.

&gt; Violent resistance simply justifies violent suppression in their mind.

The British tried that starting circa 1773, progressing to open warfare circa 1776.  Can't say it succeeded for them.

The British also tried that circa 1919 and following on the Indian subcontinent.  Can't say that succeeded either.

&gt; I don't think you understand just how rare guns are here. 

I guess when the rebellion comes you'll have to make your own then.

&gt; And the cops do get investigated here after any occasion the special firearms units discharge their weapons. 

Tell me, how many cops are serving 25 to life for killing that Brazilian guy on the subway a few years back?
[deleted]
The little asshole had a gun too.  They exchanged shots.  If he would have run off instead of firing his gun back, the woman would be alive.  He's just as guilty as the other guy.
Does it really matter who he hit when he was firing his gun in order to kill someone?  Murderer.  Throw his ass in jail.
Cops aren't trusted to be judge, jury, and executioner; that's why the rest of the legal system (detective, prosecutor, judge, jury, etc.) is in place.  Yet, death by cop has become a common occurrence.  By what right is the cop held to a standard that allows for the deaths of innocents?  Police violence contributes to crossfire deaths in just the same manner that civilian violence does.
No one knows what you're talking about, and thus you aren't adding anything to the conversation.
I'm not disputing whether or not that's the *law*.  I'm disputing whether it makes any moral sense, and it doesn't.

Any action can be labelled a felony, despite a lack of harm to anyone; couple that with someone else committing murder and the one-size-fits-all black-and-white application is both stupid and wrong.
Suppose person A shot at person B, missed, person B turns to run and falls off a cliff and dies, why shouldnt felony murder apply? I think most would agree its proper.

Suppose that person A holds up a gas station and the clerk person B has a heart attack, why isnt felony murder proper? Would it be proper if he shot over his head, grazed an ear and he had a heart attack? Why or why not?

So, when person A fires at person B and person B kills person C, why isnt person A guilty? It doesnt seem as absurd as even the first two examples.
If bullets cost $5000 apiece. . .
[deleted]
&gt;The law isn't perfect

That's what juries and judges are for.  The first determines whether the person is guilty of the crime, the second determines the appropriate punishment.
My response was to the example someone brought up of driving someone else to buy drugs.

&gt; and you instantly race to the bottom 

Also called using your brain and seeing how laws can be misapplied.

&gt; The problem with your general principle is that the person DOES know about the commission of a felony.

A felony is whatever law defines to be a felony.  It has nothing to do with a moral determination.
&gt;There is no intent to kill, but death results due to negligence.

He was firing a gun at some other guy who was firing a gun at him.  (I don't buy his "I fired in the air" bullshit story.)  I doubt this was a friendly, highspeed exchange of lead, and thus find it safe to assume they were **intending** to kill each other.  At that point, it doesn't matter who dies, because they both intended to kill someone else.  If you intend to kill person A, but instead kill person B, you should be held accountable for murder because person B would not be dead if you had not have been trying to kill person A.

This isn't a traffic accident, this is some asshole, who was out to kill someone, killing someone.  Murder.
Drag racing on public streets. One racer in a head on collision with a family in a car. All die. Second racer is charged with murder.

Police man speeding to join pursuit of armed robber. Accident occurs before officer joins pursuit, officer dies. Robber is charged with manslaughter.

Both convictions stood. Through their actions the defendants placed or encouraged others to place the victims in harms way.
&gt; You're arguing with yourself, because you first claim that being there to commit a crime is necessary, and then you use a nebulous example of "actions that help lead to someone's death".

Quote the full sentence!  My examples were both cases in which the person was there with the intent to commit a crime.  I'm hardly arguing with myself until you start twisting my words like this.  Quote-mining is quite the cheap shot, and it's especially pointless when the original statement is just one post above.

&gt; You don't know what a straw man is. Stop using terms you don't understand.

O ho, that's rich.  You're accusing me of logic fallacies, using ones of your own, and resorting to insulting me all in the same post.   

Look up what a straw man is and tell me that your example of carpooling kids to school isn't exactly that.  You claim an equivalence between driving someone to commit a crime, and driving someone without any intent to commit a crime, and then you proceed to refute the second one.  The problem is, no one here has argued the second one is also a crime.  Therefore, you have used a straw man argument.
Any action can be labeled a felony, I agree, we live in a representative republic and people pass laws about things thus sometimes criminalizing actions.

So it seems like you have a problem with what crimes should be or shouldnt be a felony. Correct?
&gt;If he accepts $100 to 'wait here' then he would.

Only if he had the requisite mens rea with respect to the felony, which would be doubtful if he were merely paid to "wait here" - perhaps the customer was merely paying for the convenience of having him wait.
Having a gunfight in the middle of a city is not a civil liberty.
You're making vague assertions.

How was the rule of law not followed?

He fired his weapon with the intent to kill someone.  Someone died because of it.  How is that not murder?

And I want a decent paragraph of your reasoning, not a single sentence that doesn't explain anything.
There is an actual case with similar circumstances to your second example.  The first case would almost certainly be murder, as well, though it would probably not require application of the felony murder doctrine.
To get the license you still must have a demonstratable use for one.
People v. Lauria 251 Cal. App. 2d 471, 59 Cal. Rptr. 628 (1967) (anwswering service operator not liable for use of his ordinary services by prostitutes, even if he knew of such use, absent a special financial interest in the outcome. I.e. if he had charged prostitutes a higher rate.)
Rich people generally don't get into gun fights in the streets.
&gt;If chuck is racing his car recklessly to jim's house to kill him, and he runs over some girl named jenny; jenny's death would be considered manslaughter.

Actually, that would be murder.  Since his intention was to kill someone, it didn't matter who he killed.  It's murder all the same.  And there would probably be an attempted murder charge for going after jim.
Apparently they do have such a law.  Since this kid was charged with murder.

And isn't felony murder more of a doctrine than a law?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Felony_murder_rule
He had a gun, he shot it.  This wouldn't have happened if he would have just booked it out of there.
Perhaps, but from the context I feel it is pretty clear illegal activity would be involved. Maybe I overestimate the availability of taxis. We can debate it on the facts, but if the guy had a gun and a ski mask and offered him this kind of incentive then my point would be clear.
Guns are lethal force.  He used lethal force on purpose.  Someone died because of it.  So now he's a murderer.

(And the whole "I fired in the air" story is a load of crap excuse unless he's got witnesses.)
&gt; Haven't shot anyone over it though. Was that your point?

I believe the point I was responding to was that you needed armed resistance to defeat a tyrannical government. We both just argued this wasn't the case. 

&gt; once rebelled, against overwhelming odds, because it was the right thing to do. 

He was fighting a nation across an ocean where it took a month for messages to get back and forth. The US government is entrenched with established organisations and command structures with hi-tech communications. The odds are way more overwhelming now. 

&gt; The British also tried that circa 1919 and following on the Indian subcontinent. Can't say that succeeded either.

The US government is domestic. Even back in British India there were many who were sympathetic to the British but the general population wanted independence. This and the US war of independence are completely different to the current situation. The number of people willing to protest now are less. 

&gt; I guess when the rebellion comes you'll have to make your own then.

I guess we'll just to copy Gandhi. Far more effective. 

&gt; how many cops are serving 25 to life for killing that Brazilian guy on the subway a few years back?

None. They followed the procedure that they had been trained in following the bombings a week or so before. The screw up was higher in the chain of command, if anything the perpetrators were a committee.
Obviously the customer was going into the bank to withdraw funds with which to pay the cabbie! ;)
That's what they were ordered to do with suicide bombers. Emptying the clip was official policy. I doubt each shot was aimed, explaining the misses.
That actually undermines the example, because *knowing of such use* is not the problem; hence you should be able to drive someone to a drug deal and know about it.
Actually, someone died because of someone else's gun.

And obviously a blow can be lethal too, just like a gun can be non-lethal.


&gt;(And the whole "I fired in the air" story is a load of crap excuse unless he's got witnesses.)


Presumably there are witnesses, as that doesn't seem to be contested, and there were people on the street.


Either way, that's not the point. I'm talking generally here, and you're bringing in specifics about this very case.
Or perhaps demonstrable. My original comment still stands.
Basing his guilt on could have is a gross violation of justice. Ever hear of reasonable doubt? 

However he knowingly started a gun fight in public. He is guilty.
&gt; Quote the full sentence!

The full sentence does not mention "crime".

"*The point is that in the example in the article, and in the example of helping people murder without doing the actual beating, the accused's actions help lead to someone's death.*"

Read your own writing.

Driving someone someplace isn't helping him murder, sans knowledge of that intent.  

&gt; You're accusing me of logic fallacies, using ones of your own, and resorting to insulting me all in the same post.

Look who's talking.

We're accusing the other of the same thing, so don't pull that holier-than-thou act.

&gt; and driving someone without any intent to commit a crime, and then you proceed to refute the second one.

You're intentionally missing the point -- in both examples, the person had *no intention of murdering anyone*, did not participate in it, and did not even know about it.

*Driving* someone to someone's house, where murder takes place, is not any more morally wrong just because the person told you or didn't tell you he was buying pot, any more than if he told you he was buying computer parts.

In fact it's quite easy to argue that one SHOULD help a friend with no car if that friend wants to buy a harmless substance; whereas driving children to school -- due to state mandate, against the children's will, where they will likely be demeaned, condescended to, and bullied -- is a far greater moral crime.
So you're saying buying drugs shouldn't be a felony.
A lot of things shouldn't be a felony.

The law and morality are now only loosely correlated.
&gt; So it seems like you have a problem with what crimes should be or shouldnt be a felony. Correct?

You're begging the question by using the term "crimes" in the first place.
I find your examples quite disturbing.

In case of drag racing, 2nd racer should have been charged with DRAG RACING (Is "drag racing" by itself a felony? I don't think so)

In case of the bank robber, he should have been charged with bank robbery. A chain of causation is unbelievably weak here to charge him with manslaughter.
We're just not even discussing the same thing any more, so let me summarize what I believe:

1) If you deliberately help someone commit crime X, you are morally responsible for crime X, even if you didn't do it yourself.  

That covers the case in the article, in which the intent was murder, and the wrong person was murdered.

2) If you intend to help someone commit crime X, and in the process the other person commits crime Y instead, you are morally responsible for crime Y.

That covers the goth girl case, in which the intent was "beat the crap out of" and the result was "murder".

3) If you do something that happens to help a person commit crime X, and your actions were actually innocent of any criminal intent, then you are not responsible for crime X.  

That covers your carpool case.

4) If crime X happened to be something innocuous like buying drugs, and crime Y is committed in the process, the correct discussion should be about legalizing drugs, not absolving people of responsibility for the side effects of their actions.

That covers your pot buying case.

I happen to agree that the pot buying case is not one that should be a crime.  However, the proper solution is to legalize pot, not get rid of the accomplice to murder laws.
Name me three incidents of police shooting a person they did not intend to shoot. This almost never happens. Police SOP is to only shoot to kill because it's impossible to be more precise than that in a high-adrenaline situation.
&gt; Name me three incidents of police shooting a person they did not intend to shoot.

"Give me ONE example...  okay, okay, bet you can't give me a second one.  FUCK!!!  GIVE ME THREE EXAMPLES, HOTSHOT!"

I think you entirely missed my point about police shooting innocent people.  Of course they intended to shoot them.
just because you didnt actually killed if you are involved, you should be charged, the title is misleading, the title sounds like it's trying to say even though he was shooting but it wasn't technically his bullet that killed her so he should be not be guilty...no!
Would you care to explain to me why it would not be involuntary manslaughter instead of murder?  It seems to apply here because "driving recklessly" to Jim's house appears to demonstrate a loss of self-control.

Not arguing, just curious as to your interpretation.
You're missing the entire point of my original objection.  The OP said:

"Bad scene all around, but it's the right thing. *You help with murder, you're a murderer, even if you don't do the clubbing yourself.*"

Then you accuse me of strawmen, when I very specifically addressed his exact point.

&gt; If you intend to help someone commit crime X, and in the process the other person commits crime Y instead, you are morally responsible for crime Y.

This is where you're wrong.  You're conflating legal and moral culpability.

You're not morally responsible for what other moral agents do; *they* are.

And since you agree pot buying should not be a crime, presumably you previously decided it wasn't morally wrong; and thus you are *arguing with yourself* when you say you're morally responsible when you take your buddy to buy pot and he flips out and goes on a murder spree instead.

&gt; However, the proper solution is to legalize pot, not get rid of the accomplice to murder laws.

Note the legal status of pot makes zero moral difference when driving your buddy to buy some.  If pot is legal, and you drive him to get it, and he kills someone, the legal status of pot does not change your moral culpability.

&gt; not get rid of the accomplice to murder laws.

They need to be gotten rid of when they cast a dragnet *this* wide.  Being an accomplice to murder should be very, very narrowly interpreted.
Only if you do it for free
If you didn't, they'd just call a taxi.
It's the law.

If you don't like it, get elected and change it.

Bet you won't.
whatever you call it , they both should hang.
It's at the very least gross negligence causing death. That's what? 2nd degree manslaughter?
No. If you were a taxi driver and the guy told you he was going to buy drugs that would be ok. You were just doing your job in exactly the same way as if he were buying food. If you were the guys mate and you just agreed to drive it would not be, because your purpose was in accord with his- that he get the drugs. Subtle difference, but important.
"According to most commentators, the common law rule dates to the twelfth century and took its modern form in the eighteenth century[citation needed]. Because the rule requires no intent to kill, or even to do bodily harm, it has been criticized as unjust[citation needed]. Accordingly, it was abolished in the United Kingdom in 1957 by the Homicide Act of 1957. In some jurisdictions (such as Victoria, Australia), the common law felony-murder rule has been abolished but replaced by a similar statutory provision. [1]"

Ye olde re-implementation of unjust law under a different name to placate the masses.
You can come up with one example of almost anything. I knew a guy who tripped on his shoelaces, hit the side of his head on a railing, and died three days later in the hospital. That doesn't mean it's something to be afraid of.
&gt; He was fighting a nation across an ocean where it took a month for messages to get back and forth. .... The odds are way more overwhelming now.

That depends a lot on which way the military veterans and servicemen break.  Cf. [Royal Indian Navy mutiny](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bombay_Mutiny).

&gt; I guess we'll just to copy Gandhi. Far more effective.

Gandhi gets a lot of credit, but a good deal of the protesting was quite violent.  Cf: [Chauri Chaura](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chauri_Chaura),  [Royal Indian Navy mutiny](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bombay_Mutiny).

&gt; None. .... if anything the perpetrators were a committee.

Intent to kill.  Discharging a weapon in a public place.  An innocent is dead.  Who is in prison?  Does the badge truly provide license to kill without repercussion?  Proper procedures are of cold comfort to the dead.
&gt; And since you agree pot buying should not be a crime, presumably you previously decided it wasn't morally wrong; and thus you are arguing with yourself when you say you're morally responsible when you take your buddy to buy pot and he flips out and goes on a murder spree instead.

Actually, I never made that argument.  What I said was:

&gt; I happen to agree that the pot buying case is not one that should be a crime. However, the proper solution is to legalize pot, not get rid of the accomplice to murder laws.

I am not conflating legal and moral responsibility.  In fact, I have specifically stated that I do not believe case #4 to be a murder situation, and the reason for that is buying pot is not immoral and should not be a crime.  Under the current laws it is a legal responsibility, but I do not think it should be.



&gt;&gt; If you intend to help someone commit crime X, and in the process the other person commits crime Y instead, you are morally responsible for crime Y.

&gt; This is where you're wrong.

Obviously I disagree.  If you help arrange an armed robbery, for example, and someone gets shot as part of that armed robbery, it is your fault whether or not you pulled the trigger.  So far, you haven't even tried to argue otherwise.  Your only arguments so far have been to present situations in which the initial crime is of questionable immorality.

&gt; The OP said:

&gt;"Bad scene all around, but it's the right
thing. You help with murder, you're a murderer, even if you don't do the clubbing yourself."

&gt; Then you accuse me of strawmen, when I very specifically addressed his exact point.

Well, it's hard for me to put words in the OP's mouth, but it seems unlikely that his definition of help included your example of driving someone to school in the morning.  Maybe you successfully busted him on a technicality, ala "You forgot Poland", but I don't think you caught him in an untenable moral position.
is there anything, from an ethics/justice pov, to make him less guilty than the person who *did* directly commit the murder?
Can't believe people are debating this.  TO all those who suggest this fine young individual was hard done by... sod off.
Sympathy levels for this guy are running a bit low here, I'm afraid.
How does this case -- and the logic behind it -- tie into 9/11 at all?

It sounds like you're invoking the phrase "9/11" for the sake of over-sensationalizing the issue.
No, but if you took the kids to school, KNOWING they would participate in a crime, you will be liable.
Well, a lot of people pay cabbies to wai for them. But yeah, if you paid him $100, and got out wearing a mask and carrying a gun, then he'd better know what is up! :)
The accident wouldn't have occured if the two parties hadn't participated in the race. They are both responsible.
He KNEW they were there to commit a felony (buy drugs) - he KNEW that drug deals can occasionally go bad - so he's guilty. That's the law.
Felony murder, bitch, don't do the crime if you can't do the time.
I disagree VERY strongly because this can get extended to extraordinary lengths. The only way you can call it "murder" would be that someone died in the commission of a felony (or at least that's what can happen in America). This leads to a dangerous precedent; for example, in Phoenix, two news helicopters collided as they were covering a police chase. They wanted to charge the guy who was running with *murder* because someone was killed in the commission of his felony. That's ridiculous.

I do think the guy deserves some sort of charge, but not murder.
but wait...how can he use a handgun if they are illegal in the UK...I thought making them illegal stopped gun crimes?
this made me cry...
I'm aware of that heli case and I agree with you on that. Driving in a car chase does not demonstrate an urge to kill. However, discharging a lethal weapon in a public place does, and intent is key in UK law.
&gt;*Police violence contributes to crossfire deaths*

Yes, and that's unfortunate

&gt;*in just the same manner that civilian violence does.*

No, that's not true. The Police would be involved in shooting not to commit a crime but to prevent a crime
No, it makes gun crime less likely.
I second that. It's refreshing to actually find an answer in the discussion...
His actions led to the circumstances which caused her death. The gunfight was prearranged - if he had stood and done a jig instead of doing that, she would be alive.
Your argument is that the strangers actions would ahve been effected by the boy not being there. I put it to you that he woudl ahve simply arranged a gun fight with someone else and this girl woudl still be dead.
"Basing his guilt on could have is a gross violation of justice. Ever hear of reasonable doubt?"

True, but this title says he did not shoot anybody. The article does not directly state he did not shoot anybody with a gun or order somebody to be shot with a gun. He still could be directly culpable, but we would need more information.

The title is misleading imo, and that's a dangerous thing.
"Because whenever a gun fight breaks out, the street is suddenly littered with loaded guns."

People tend to get shot and die in gun fights, thereby dropping their weapon. Also, friends give other friends weapons to help them fight if need be. This means the person here might have recieved a weapon off a living or dead friend and used it.

Just because he did not 'own' the weapon, that is no proof he did not use one to shoot somebody.
This article does not say the guy definetly did not use a gun to shoot and kill somebody, only that he did not shoot anybody with a gun that he 'owned'. I don't own any guns but if I robbed a farmer of his shogun and killed him with it, I would be guilty of murder despite not owning a weapon.
&gt; The Police would be involved in shooting not to commit a crime but to prevent a crime.

That's cold comfort to the dead.
&gt; [...] he was still responsible for the killing _because he was involved in the gunfight_. 

They don't care if he shot her or not.
You seem to have forgotten who was killed and who was responsible for the killing in this case.

Summary:
If you're not there to commit a crime yourself, and they commit a crime, you're not guilty.
It's murder all the same.
Someone died because of it.
He was firing a gun at some other guy who was firing a gun at him.
Actually, that would be murder.
He did not _kill_ her.
He had a gun, he shot it.
So now he's a murderer.
He can still be guilty of murder.
He fired his weapon with the intent to kill someone.
He's just as guilty as the other guy.
The cop shot with intent to kill in a public street.
However, it's not the same thing as the felony murder rule.
He did not kill anyone.
It's "if you're there *to commit a felony* you're guilty."
&gt; It's "if you're there to commit a felony you're guilty."
How is that not murder?
&gt; This is where you're wrong.
I happen to agree that the pot buying case is not one that should be a crime.
So if you carpool kids to school, and one of them shoots someone, you're a murderer?
I think most would agree its proper.
My examples were both cases in which the person was there with the intent to commit a crime.
&gt; not get rid of the accomplice to murder laws.
you're more clueless than I


Felony Murder....
But I agree, the guy they prosecuted is still guilty of murder.
They wanted to charge the guy who was running with *murder* because someone was killed in the commission of his felony.
How is that intent to "kill each other"?
Actually, someone died because of someone else's gun.
The law doesn't ask why you were there, it only says if you were there, you are guilty.
&gt; [...] he was still responsible for the killing _because he was involved in the gunfight_.
And isn't felony murder more of a doctrine than a law?
You do know there's such a thing as "intent" right?
Intent to kill is different than actually killing someone.
Of someone he didn't kill?
No such law in the UK.
&gt; I don't think you understand just how rare guns are here.
But they didn't both shoot her.
It's your fault if someone dies!
&gt; Guns are illegal here in the UK; 

That's your fucking problem.
Guns are not illegal in the UK.
This is where you're wrong.
And the law isn't "if you're there, you're guilty."
Since this kid was charged with murder.
&gt; So it seems like you have a problem with what crimes should be or shouldnt be a felony.
Based on the law of man, however, he is guilty of murder.
&gt; You don't know what a straw man is.
I don't think you understand just how rare guns are here.
The only way you can call it "murder" would be that someone died in the commission of a felony (or at least that's what can happen in America).
That covers your pot buying case.
So you're saying buying drugs shouldn't be a felony.
No, it makes gun crime less likely.
If they also had a gun, sure.
Either way, that's not the point.
I think you entirely missed my point about police shooting innocent people.
Let's look at the full quote:

&gt; So if you carpool kids to school, and one of them shoots someone, you're a murderer?
No, it's not the right thing to be held accountable for what *someone else does* that *you didn't even know about*.
No, it's not the right thing to be held accountable for what someone else does that you didn't even know about.
&gt; You help with murder, you're a murderer, even if you don't do the clubbing yourself.
No, he's not, because his bullet is not the one that hit her.
So it seems like you have a problem with what crimes should be or shouldnt be a felony.
The victim fights back and kills one of the attackers.
This guy created a situation where someone was killed, he is culpable for the murder.
A bystander died from someone else's bullet.
I'm sure that's against the rules around here...
Felony murder, bitch, don't do the crime if you can't do the time.
That covers your carpool case.
I am not conflating legal and moral responsibility.
&gt; The problem with your general principle is that the person DOES know about the commission of a felony.
You help with murder, you're a murderer, even if you don't do the clubbing yourself.
*You help with murder, you're a murderer, even if you don't do the clubbing yourself.
You help with murder, you're a murderer, even if you don't do the clubbing yourself."
&gt; and driving someone without any intent to commit a crime, and then you proceed to refute the second one.
Your example was to "carpool kids to school".
Rich people generally don't get into gun fights in the streets.
Under the current laws it is a legal responsibility, but I do not think it should be.
He was directly culpable in her death.
You don't know what a straw man is.
&gt; However, the proper solution is to legalize pot, not get rid of the accomplice to murder laws.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.84
