Original Response:
[deleted]
...comment...
Good – just a little extra motivation for the more conscientious among our athletes to boycott the Beijing Olympics.
I can see it happening, 
of of the athletes, makes a big protest and refuses his medal, because "it's at the olympics in china, the medal is tainted" or some crap, and the chinese gov't shoots him/her, 

then world war 3, 
and we all die,

whoohooo!
nah ... they shoot people every day. The rest of the world doesn't seem to be bothered.
[deleted]
They have to do this - the truth is one thing nobody will be allowed to see.  China exists under a brutal dictatorship which does not hesitate to slaughter its own people in large numbers.

If the west were not living large off of the products of their slave-labor conditions nobody would even be trying to pretend differently.
[deleted]
i feel like we don't have the credibility to go round criticizing other countries military round-ups. 

what with the whole abu ghraib falluja whatnot going on. 

you know?
&gt;A ban on live broadcasts would disrupt the plans of NBC and other major international networks, who have paid hundreds of millions of dollars to broadcast the Aug. 8-24 games

hundreds of millions? really?
The Issue with this is that these Athletes train for Years and years and only get to compete once every 4 years in the Olympics, which is the peak of their competition

Athletes shouldn't have to miss an opportunity to compete at the peak of their training, and I think no athlete should boycott this event

Rather the politicians should boycott their visits, and should petition the Olympic Committee to make a wiser choice next time
YA RLY.
or they could, ya know, get a real job. ;-)
So with your logic, sports is greater than human life?  China is literally killing people, hence the boycotts.  Competing in a track event is more important than saying no to a bullet in the head?
They're nuts!  If china is worried about an incident that would make other countries angry at china, then a major public demonstration by anti-governmental groups managing to get in front of the live feed cameras would be preferable to upsetting the international media companies.  

If a couple of demonstrations get shown on live international TV, then it'll be an incident that gets talk about for a few weeks.  But if you monkey around with the multi million dollar live-video feed business deals that media industries around the world have made with you then you're gonna be in much bigger trouble.  If you fuck around with the media company's money then they will get their 'news' media outlets to make you an international enemy.  

Right now the media barely mentions all the awful crap that the chinese government perpetrates, but if you make them lose major money then they will report every despicable atrocity that you commit.

If you're looking to improve your international image, you do not want to piss off the media companies.
No, I believe that that would just increase the impact of their protests.
Boycotting the Olympics doesn't actually save the guy who's getting the bullet in the head. You're arguing for boycotting since there's no cost to you; you literally lose nothing if the US boycotts. If you've ever invested your whole life into one goal (most people don't), you might be able to imagine what you're asking for; if not, you have no frame of reference.

Boycotting would just be a way for couch potato Americans (e.g., me) to feel a little better about themselves while the Tibetan monks continue to get shot.
I'm going to let someone slap hardcore slap me in the face if we succeed!

http://farm1.static.flickr.com/150/436597176_d69920705d.jpg i give you asian bosoms in return...

call your state rep, save tibetan monks and boycott the olympics@
http://reddit.com/info/6czia/comments/

vote me down, vote the topic up

lets make a statement, fuck my reddit rep, call your state rep(oh god) bury me after this
Would *not* competing save lives? This is a notoriously incorrigible government when it comes to dealing with protesters. The CCP would make Bush look wishy-washy.
And what is their slave labour producing? Fucking trinkets! Okay, electronic goods as well. But you know what? I'd be absolutely willing to pay an extra $50-100 for an MP3 player just knowing it wasn't assembled in China.
I know, aren't morals a bitch. Round up a few hundred foreign militants under unethical pretenses and conditions and you loose all ability to criticise a regime that is committing crimes 100's of times worse.
But would you be willing to pay more for dog food and toothpaste?
When did reddit get so many 13 year olds? 

For the record, China does not use slave labor. Majority of the products you see came from migrants works who moved from farm land to one of the coastal cities for better wage.

Now close reddit and go watch some porn.
Yes, I don't understand what the problem was with buying toothpaste in the 1960's when we didn't rely on China for everything.
An Olympic boycott would be really dumb. Quit thinking inside such a small box. Instead of giving China more reason to keep the lid on individual freedoms, flood the place with free people who will Not obey, enjoy getting out among the people, talk with them, exchange ideas.

The totalitarian government will never be able to force the free thinkers back into their pre-Olympic mode.

Voted down for very inaccurate headline. There is no plan to cancel live broadcasting *except* from Tiananmen Square because of its association with liberty.
Duh... go to a track meet, and say a loud NO to bullets in the head. Start a chant, "Ti-bet, Ti-bet, Ti-bet!" What can they do - arrest and shoot you?

And be sure to toss in a, "Fuck Bush! Fuck Bush!"

Voted down for being locked into such non-productive conventional thinking.
I wouldn't compete there because of the air quality. It looks like Los Angeles in the late fifty's
lose*
How come?
Explanation: You misspelled lose, and Blot is an insecure twat.
My state rep has no say over what goes on in Tibet. That is how it should be. 

I know helping the people we "support" in Iraq, Afghanistan, Central America, Iran, and Africa has always worked so great over the years ... It may be baffling why I wouldn't want to help China too. Call it a hunch.
[Lose](http://www.thefreedictionary.com/lose)  
  
[Loose](http://www.thefreedictionary.com/loose)
[deleted]
Theres no oil there, why would the world care?

Summary:
Would *not* competing save lives?
The CCP would make Bush look wishy-washy.
An Olympic boycott would be really dumb.
China is literally killing people, hence the boycotts.
Theres no oil there, why would the world care?
If you're looking to improve your international image, you do not want to piss off the media companies.
Boycotting the Olympics doesn't actually save the guy who's getting the bullet in the head.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
