Original Response:
Common sense shines through. Bit late like.
The purpose of the suit was to harass and embarrass the kid, and to turn his parents against him. It was probably successful.
Damn, that tactic sounds eerily familiar, like something the US Gestapo does.
*"The purpose of the suit is to harass and discourage rather than win."*

-- LRH
Just to clarify, the Church of Scientology did not have much to do with this.

* After some protests, the CoS met with the Crown Prosecution Service, a government entity for criminal charges, and looked at the Public Order Act. They decided that referring to Scientology as a cult might be against the law:

"with intent to cause a person harassment, alarm or distress, displays any writing, sign or other visible representation which is threatening, abusive or insulting, thereby causing that or another person harassment, alarm or distress"

* They communicated this to the protesters.
* He turned up, was reminded of the law, and decided to continue holding up the sign.
* The police took down his details in order to send him a Court summons (if they decided to go forwards with this)
* The CPS decided their previous decision was wrong, and reversed their position.
Yes.
Reddit: always on.
That is such a fucked up law, even if it wasn't enforceable in this case.

Thank god I live in America and can say:

Scientology is a cult that eats babies.

L. Ron Hubbard was a pedophile who briefly took time out of his hectic schedule of raping little boys to design and implement a cult to steal money from wealthy retarded people.
What would the CoS have to do to have "much to do with this?" Arrest the guy themselves?
So the police detained the boy because the following section of law:*"Section 5 of the Public Order Act (1986), makes it an offense to display a sign which is threatening, insulting or abusive, within the hearing or sight of someone likely to be caused harassment, alarm or distress by it."*

The irony is that the boy did break the law.
FLAME ON!
http://ca.youtube.com/watch?v=hMAJRxU8joQ
The only possible way that sign fell under that law was if it was insulting to someone likely to be caused distress by it, which is possible, but certainly not something worth punishing someone for.

Calling a religion a cult is not threatening or abusive and no sane person could classify such a statement as harassment.
He had his liberty deprived for a time, his DNA was probably harvested for the National DNA database, and he no doubt has a permanent record on the PNC Database - which alone will restrict him from certain types of employment.

Good job you arsehole cops!
&gt;which alone will restrict him from certain types of employment.

Really? Which kinds of employment?
Security and certain types of ICT employment.
There are jobs which you can't get if you've ever once been arrested? Do you have a source for that?
&gt;The only possible way that sign fell under that law was if it was insulting to someone likely to be caused distress by it

Exactly.

This is an incredibly bad law.
The LibDem British government.
What? The current government is a Labour government.
Slander and libel laws still apply. You can speak your mind, but if you pass off false information as if it's true with the intent of attacking someone, not even the ACLU can help you.

And we all know how vicious CoS's lawyers can be...
[deleted]
Background checks for critical national infrastructure and national security careers would almost certainly include Arrest Records (PACE).

Also, whilst arrested and detained you are unable to go to work - thus technically in breach of an employment contract. Grounds for dismissal, should an employer choose that route.

Also, this person will not be able to use the US Visa Waiver Programme if he fancies a trip to the States.

'Some travelers may not be eligible to enter the United States visa free under the VWP. These include people who have been arrested, even if the arrest did not result in a criminal conviction'.

http://www.usembassy.org.uk/cons_new/visa/niv/vwp.html
I don't think he was arrested.  The information is vague - the original article suggested he received a summons, but the police don't do that.  They either arrest or take details later for the CPS to prosecute.
You may have a point about this particular incident.

Although, many others have been arrested and subsequently released without charge on the anti-free-speech legislation that is S5 of POA.

My point is, it's not just the violent confrontations from the Police that has long term consequences for the victim - the innocent public.
Meh, I don't care.  I don't have any money, so those baby-rapers are free to take everything I've got.
I believe the case was brought by the police through the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS). The Church of Scientology have not been involved (overtly, at least).

The CPS decided that there was no case and dropped it.
Security Jobs in Britain? Nah, he'd be fine. I mean, we're giving airport security jobs to illegal immigrants in Britain...
If the law supposes that...the Law is a ass.
Maybe it was wishful thinking.
Police do something stupid. Police get smacked down by the courts. Citizen may sue.

MY GOD! IT'S A POLICE STATE!
In other news, free speech defeat as pro-Scientology supporters still allowed to advertise their fake "religion".

I guess you can't have it both ways.
Several members of the City of London police have accepted gifts from Scientology. Similar signs in areas policed by the Met did not attract this attention. The protester referred to a previous High Court ruling that Scientology was a cult, which completely blows away the idea that calling them a cult is in any circumstances illegal.
&gt; Several members of the City of London police have accepted gifts from Scientology.

The police deny any links with CoS. I can understand your concern, though.

&gt; Similar signs in areas policed by the Met did not attract this attention.

The met did not ask for advice from the CPS, so they didn't need to follow their shitty recommendation.

&gt; The protester referred to a previous High Court ruling that Scientology was a cult, which completely blows away the idea that calling them a cult is in any circumstances illegal.

I don't think that the fact that Scientology *is* a cult is a defense. The crime is not libel or slander, it is essentially "intentionally causing distress".

Remember that the UK doesn't have a constitution, so there isn't a blanket right to say things which are true. The closest we have is from the European Union (and thank goodness that we at least have that).

It's a pretty awful extension of the crime of harassment to one-off instances.
They didn't make the complaint, they didn't communicate with the guy, or have any say in whether to press charges.

The only thing they did was create www.epicnoseguy.com, a silly site calling Anonymous a "hate group" based on the fact that 4chan has racist and sexist jokes.

Similarly, the City of London police didn't have any choice in warning the guy, or then taking down his personal details. They had to do their job, which was to follow the advice of the Crown Prosecution Service.

The CPS are the only people at fault here, to make this silly legal decision and then reverse it a few days after it got all the negative media attention.
My point exactly.

As written, this is a *too far reaching law. It makes it very easy for law enforcement to pick and choose their targets to punish. Who doesn't say something that is insulting to someone at some point? In this case, there is at least an innuendo of corruption (COS gave out millions in gifts to various law enforcement leadership). This law allowed London cops to harass dissent.
By your own account they talked the CPS into treating the word cult as a harassing insult. Sure, the CPS is at fault, but they wouldn't have made that mistakes without the outside pressure beforehand.
&gt;Background checks for critical national infrastructure and national security careers would almost certainly include Arrest Records (PACE).

Yes of course, but people would not be automatically excluded based on a single arrest.

&gt;Also, this person will not be able to use the US Visa Waiver Programme if he fancies a trip to the States.

Again, arrests don't result in automatic exclusion. You're also overestimating the sophistication of the police records. Most arrests are only recorded by local police forces and aren't available nationally. I have several friends who've been arrested for trivial offenses but get US visa waivers without a problem.

The chances that this incident will have any long-term impact on the kid's life are pretty minuscule.
Aren't the Police forces merging their arrest record databases as a consequence of the Huntley Inquiry or is this just restricted to suspected sex offenders?

But you admit, even though small, there is a possibility of longterm impact from this incident. Of course this is just one incident, and admittedly a mild one in comparison to others, where S5 POA or SOCPA has been used on people peacefully utilising the democratic process on the streets.
&gt;Aren't the Police forces merging their arrest record databases as a consequence of the Huntley Inquiry or is this just restricted to suspected sex offenders?

I don't know, but it's certainly not the case that there's a comprehensive national database of arrests at the moment.
Why are the police concerned with what a person says?
RTFA: "The police said that his use of the word “cult” violated Section 5 of the Public Order Act (1986), which makes it an offence to display a sign which is threatening, insulting or abusive, within the hearing or sight of someone likely to be caused harassment, alarm or distress by it."
I forgot, no one believes in free speech anymore.

Summary:
I don't think he was arrested.
The CPS decided that there was no case and dropped it.
I don't think that the fact that Scientology *is* a cult is a defense.
I believe the case was brought by the police through the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).
&gt;The only possible way that sign fell under that law was if it was insulting to someone likely to be caused distress by it

Exactly.
Several members of the City of London police have accepted gifts from Scientology.
The police deny any links with CoS.
Why are the police concerned with what a person says?
&gt; Several members of the City of London police have accepted gifts from Scientology.
Similar signs in areas policed by the Met did not attract this attention.
&gt; Similar signs in areas policed by the Met did not attract this attention.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
