Original Response:
Covering up the problem and discontent is not going to make it any better.  It is just going to produce a media show even more detached from reality than it already is.
I hate to say this but pro-Chinese groups have rights to protest too, even they are organized by Chinese government. ANYONE should have right express their opinions, as long as it is non-violent.
They have the right to silence others? BTW they aren't protesting.
Doesn't sound like they are silencing anybody.  At the most, inconveniencing.

Also doesn't matter whether they are protesting or not.  What they did was completely in the right as according to something called the US Constitution.
So what? What are the tibetans gonna do? Eventually you white boys will be bowing to us as well.
Silencing others, surpressing their right to speak and be heard is against the constitution.
Doesn't sound like they are silencing anybody.  At the most, inconveniencing.
I think you misunderstood the meaning of protest. When everyone else was reading, "Standing up for what you believe in."

You must have read it as, "Going to a rally, even if you were paid, delivered and coerced to say something different than how you feel."

I can see how you could get the two mixed up.
&gt; I hate to say this but pro-Chinese groups have rights to protest too

Uhh... next you'll be saying that the anti-war protesters have a right to protest too? Why do you think we built the 'Free Speech Zones'? If you want to protest, go there.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
China is going to be a superpower no matter

just accept that fact
Sounds like JewishPropaganda sure didn't!

The repeat was purposeful.
so anyone supporting china was sent in by the chinese government. lmfao. the chinese were out in force in canada, germany, france, london and san fran. the media absolutely REFUSED to show the thousands of those in support of china and only nitpicked the few pathetic never been to tibet protesters. CHINA = POWER
What do they have to protest, then?
[deleted]
No, he didn't hear me the first time.  I addressed his point that they were silencing the protesters by saying that they weren't.  He proceeded to paraphrase what he had said previously without addressing my point so I proceeded to repeat my words exactly in order to get an answer.  The point was to mock him while also making his lack of proof obvious. 

And what do you mean "far too purposeful"?  Are there levels of purpose now?
Yeah man, screw those Tibetans who just want the freedom to be who they are, and to keep their culture that's been passed down through the generations.

I mean, who do they think they are that they shouldn't have to bow down to the world's largest homogenization of cultures?

Nobody, that's who. And that's who they'll become.
[deleted]
[deleted]
heres a comment from the page:

&gt;As one of the "Chinese thugs" out there waving my flag with pride today... let me just say, you're right, we were out there to "intimidate". After watching our flag burnt in the streets of Paris/London, after watching our representatives spat on and attacked (including a lovely young woman in a wheelchair), after the SF Board of Supervisors proclaimed they'd be welcoming the torch with "alarm and protest", after watching the American/European media time and time again repeat a one-sided political message... it was enough. It was time to stand up and make sure our voice too was heard. If C.W. Nevius isn't going to interview me for my opinion on Tibet and China, then we'll make sure he can't smoothly ignore my existence. I would say 80% of the Chinese out there didn't decide to attend until the last week... and so I say, thanks Chris Daly, for bringing us together.
I'll agree that it's a possibility. But keep putting your feet in your mouths like you have been lately, and you Chinese may find yourselves increasingly isolated. It's not just the white boys who are hostile these days: East and Southeast Asians are starting to wonder if they might become the next Tibets if the US ever weakens in Asia.
don't buy into the propaganda
What business do Chinese Nationalists have doing in any country other than China?
Silencing someone is oppressing them.  Oppressing someone doesn't have to be silencing.  He made his own claim broader while basing it on the "silencing" aspect, which I had critiqued and he had, again, not proven against my claim.

He only addressed my statement about the Constitution, founded again on his original statement of "silencing" which he, again, has not proven against my claim.

&gt;contrive

&gt;noun.

&gt;to plan with ingenuity; devise; invent

I did not plan it out.  I couldn't expect to know what he would say next.  I merely repeated a question he did not answer.  

*Thanks for the "ingenuity" though, alas, I cannot claim credit for it.
there were whole caltrain cars full of identically equipped china supporters on the morning commute.  well organized, not subtle enough for the locals but probably effective propaganda for beijing
Our flag?
Our representatives?
Our Voice?

Would that be the voices and Flags of the French and British? 

What significant about this was not that people were out supporting the games. Its that the gatherings were explicitly organised for a political purpose, by political organisations. 

If a Foreign NGO tried to organise a mass protest in China over something like Tibet or Human rights I wonder what would happen...
Ah, more of the same typical racism towards Chinese people... who if they show up to cheer their homeland are lackeys and goons... classic 19th century language about Chinese "coolies"...

Of course, San Fransisco, with the largest ethnic Chinese population in the West, wouldn't have Chinese people showing up to support China at an event for China's Olympics. They obviously must be government employed.

How stupid are you people anyways? It is obvious to any informed commentator that ordinary Chinese people are acting on their own in response to how they feel their nation is being unfairly portrayed.

This article is a disgusting bit of the longstanding racism that is typical of San Fransisco and other large West Coast cities towards the "homogeneous" Chinese "goons".

Disgusting. Shameful. Inexcusable.
agreed. I think its time to take a tougher stance.
your propaganda?
[deleted]
Nah, let's be clever about this. What we really need to do is destroy China in an intelligent way. We could start by destroying its' proxies by heavily funding their enemies in Africa and in Asia (Zimbabwe, Sudan, Burma, Tibet, etc). Support the claims of neighbouring countries to China's territory, e.g. Korean nationalist claims to Manchuria, Indian claims to Chinese territory, etc. We could also do fun stuff like extend diplomatic recognition to Taipei and the Tibetan government in exile. There's plenty of kit in our toolbox to help destroy the ChiComs without resorting to war.
any propaganda  

I'm not saying I'm right but you need to check your facts as well.  Nothing is ever black and white.
edit for clarity: I am not Chinese. I am just not racist either. Take a hard fucking read through how China is being portrayed right now, and maybe you can start to understand why every single absurd protest only makes the gap between Chinese and Tibetans grow further... but of course that Balkanization crap is what you undereducated goons love so much. Let's phrase this issue in a different light: multiculturalism versus balkanization.

In the riots in Lhasa, the protesters assaulted and murdered ethnic Han Chinese civilians and ethnic Hui Muslim civilians. That is what all the West journalists and tourists who witnessed the riots have reported.

If you have actually heard the words of His Holiness the Dalai Lama, you will know that he promotes a Tibet that is part of China, and an end to ethnic conflict between Tibetans, Hui and Han. He also wants the Olympics to continue. If you respect the Dalai Lama, consider his vision of Tibet and China, rather than the racist polemics of others.
So which propaganda would i be buying into then?

It's definitely not the kind that says "there can only be ONE china."
[deleted]
[deleted]
There is only ONE China.  Western Imperialists stole, looted, and destroy China by taking Manchuria, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Macau, and Tibet, but the fact remains there is only ONE China.
[deleted]
Difference is, the US is not settling Iraq or Afghanistan with white settlers, is it? The distinction is crucial. Even places like Vietnam, with their own bad experience of American neo-colonialism, have no fear that the US will ever try and demographically swamp them. They have no guarantee that China will not do so if the US is weakened in the region. Hell, even Ho Chi Minh said that "the white man in Asia is over" and that China would be a greater long-term worry.
I usually don't comment but I felt compelled to add my input to this discussion.

I took a break from my classes today since AT&amp;T park is right next to my school. I had only intended to spend an hour checking out the commotion but I ended up staying much longer.

The article is accurate in describing how the pro-China supporters overwhelmed other groups, both in number and in physical intimidation. It was quite scary, and I say this as a non-affiliated onlooker.

The few pro-Tibet folks walking around were quickly accosted and surrounded by Chinese supporters. The pro-Chinese were equipped with megaphones and would yell "Liar, liar" to anyone critical of China, regardless of their cause - this includes the Free Burma, Save Darfur, Gay Rights, and Falun Gong groups that I was able to make out. If anything, the pro-Chinese crowd was the aggressor where I was watching. 

From my perspective, it seemed as though the vast majority of pro-Chinese were immigrants, not 1st generation Chinese-Americans. A lot of it has to do with them feeling ultra-defensive as though protests against the Chinese government were racially motivated. This contrasts with the reaction by 1st generation Chinese-Americans like myself who understand that the protests are political.

I can't help but feel that most of the pro-China protesters today are the product of a Chinese society that emphasizes very different virtues than a Western society. They are much less willing to engage in dialogue or critical thinking than 1st generation Chinese, and I say this from personal experience with my cousins who are quick to blame Western biased media for any negative perceptions of China. 

Unfortunately, this siege mentality doesn't appear likely to change, and it will only be exacerbated by the Chinese media's selective reporting.
what do you think the whole tibet movement is about. cia is all up in it. thats why it aint gonna happen. white people have wanted to separate and destabilize china since the 19th century.
China is a traditionally authoritarian culture. It has a totalitarian, nominally Communist government.

Take your PC rubbish and put it where the sun don't shine.
I wonder if the Feds took advantage of this great opportunity to identify potential Chinese sleeper agents.

Wait.  George "Chinese overlord wrist licker" Bush is still in office.  What am I thinking.
Huh, I saw that sign today. Gave me a chuckle.

Considering the administration's policy toward China, I really doubt that the CIA would be subverting it by creating the Tibet story.
Nothing is ever black and white. I'll give you that.

But for me, when i hear about a conflict between a big dog and a little dog, i tend to side with the little dog.

I've yet to see a big dog on the world scale who got there by letting their neighbours go about their own business.

Of course the argument goes (or at least went) that you have to stab them first and get big before they get big and stab you.
More comments

&gt;I am a Chinese American who normally pays no attention to anything political. Today, my wife and I took a day off and take an absent leave for my kid to show my support for Chinese 2008 Olympic. I want to show my anger at the total bias against anything Chinese. I learned of this part from a stranger on my bus route. After the party, I knew it is some group related to Chinese Kong Fu. So much for the Chinese government organization bull$hit! I am really upset that the route was changed. I waited there for 7 hours.




&gt;I, along with my 7 colleagues, went there on our own. Walking from Powell BART station to ATT Park!



&gt;I am one of the Chinese supporters. So, if Tibet supporters went to the protest, they are "for a cause". When Chinese supporters went to show their voices, they are arrange by the Chinese government? I went, by muni (and N line strangely only go into downtown every 30 minutes). My cousin came from San Jose by Caltrain. Many Chinese supporters take different transportations, by themselves. Many Chinese organizations RENTED buses to bring people in. Many of the free Tibet people took varies transportations by themselves too, and some of them are bused in by their own bus rental. I don't see any difference between the two groups, except the way they are reported. Shame on you, SF Chronicle. You see what you want to see and you hear what you want to hear, but you simply missed of voice of Chinese people.
&gt;Just to let you know that my friends and I, and hundreds of other people from Peninsula, south, north and east Bay actually took one day off from work and went to SF downtown to show support to Olympics and to China. It was not organized by Chinese Consulate or any "official" orgs. Its our own will, because the supporters' voice can't be heard. If San Franciso is really a city for "free speech", Newsom shouldn't have been afraid of showing the truth to the world. The truth is Chinese people embrace Olympics. The truth is Western media can't stand the fact the Chinese people embrace Olympics and China.
I'm glad to hear it. The more Chinese-Americans wave the red flag, the more people will start waking up to the fifth column.
thank you for telling us what you saw.
[deleted]
fixed:
&gt; The truth is Chinese people embrace *genocide*. The truth is Western media can't stand the fact the Chinese people embrace *genocide*.
mm much like the latinos, west indians and the irish raise their flags in support of their country when the occasion calls for it.
I think you need to learn some Chinese history, have you heard of the Sino-Vietnamese War?

Of course settlement is more threatening that a mere invasion. An invasion, an occupation, exploitation can be reversed in a few generations, while alien settlement changes the nature of a land forever.

If you think I'm pulling all of this out of my head, I'm not; at the moment, Koreans and Laos are extremely worried about the possibility of being swamped by ethnic Chinese in future. The Koreans are worried that China will absorb North Korea when it finally collapses; the Laos are worried because the southern Chinese province to the north of the country has a population six times that of Laos, and the two economies and populations are becoming intertwined.
So when does the torture of tibetans stop?
This article is mostly sensational bullshit.  I was there, right on the corner in front of the SF giants ball park where all the pro-china and anti-china people where located.  There was some shouting, but nothing close to a real show down.  The article makes it sound like it was dangerous.  Bah.  It was tame.  As far as I could tell, no one got arrested.  Nothing happened.

I saw dozens of pro-china and pro-tibet people standing literally 5 feet apart with their respective flags, yet they did nothing.  

The highlight of the protest is when the anti-protest people started heckling the protesters on both sides.  The anti-china groups were yelling "shame on china!".  Suddenly, a group of guys (they looked like baseball fans that came early to see the torch) started yelling back, "shaved vaginas".  I LOL'ed.
As I said, I'm glad to see Overseas Chinese publicly proclaiming their hostility to the free media and their loyalty to a totalitarian government. Better to keep our enemies in plain sight. Before this week, we didn't realize how many Overseas Chinese were loyal to the mothership.
[deleted]
Not Sweden, of course. But can any of us be confident that without a strong US presence in Asia, China wouldn't be tempted to extend into Vietnam and North Korea? China's claims to both are as strong (or as weak) as it's claim to Tibet. It's not just me saying this, by the way, using your friend Google you will find that all nations bordering China worry about Chinese claims to their territory.
My problem with this whole thing is the fact that this seems to be some sort of beta test of how much bullshit the rest of the world take from secret police, killer thugs! In our own country no less! You can tell that the xenophobic communist chinese elite are used to dealing with their own totally downtrodden people. Did they really belive the citizens from the rest of the world were going to lay down quietly for this shit!And all for what? The stupid olympics, guarding a "symbol" which was originated by Hitler BTW!!!! I say BOYCOTT THE F*&amp;KING OLYMIPICS!!! They are boring anyway! BTW, check this out
http://www.rense.com/general81/origin.htm
[deleted]
In my experience the **F**resh **O**ff the **B**oat Chinese are crazy. I knew one whose grand parents had their wealth confiscated by the communists, but she grew up in China thus loved the PRC yet hated them, felt racist towards anyone not Chinese. Brainwashed during the 60s by her own government yet she loves her government. I would label her pschizophrenic towards her country and her outlook in general, I have the restraining order to prove it. Imagine getting beat for decades and told it was good for you. And I think the Chinese government, which has a large cash reserve thanks to the trade deficit, probably got help from a PR company to orchestrate this. I have always felt that this was the USA's future - with all the dollars China has, they can spend that money to buy influence as they did here. I see it happening more and more often. I see PR firms in the US lobbying for accepting Chinese investment. So you have Americans, paid off by the PRC, whose only job is to convince everyone to like it.

I'm curious where all the money came from to organize all this, that would be a great story for a journalist.
"What do you want from Us?"世界论坛网

- A Poem Dedicated to the last 150 years of this planet.

By a Slient, Silent Chinese. 世界论坛网

===
When We were called Sick man of Asia, We were called The Peril.
When We are billed to be the next Superpower, We are called The threat.

When We were closed our doors, You smuggled Drugs to Open Markets.
When We Embrace Freed Trade, You blame us for Taking away your jobs.


When We were falling apart, You marched in your troops and wanted your "fair share".
When We were putting the broken peices together again, "Free Tibet" you screamed, "it was an invasion!"

( When Woodrow Wilson Couldn't give back Birth Place of Confucius back to Us,
But He did bought a ticket for the Famine Relief Ball for us.)

So, We Tried Communism, You hated us for being Communists.
When We embrace Capitalism, You hate us for being Capitalist.

When We have a Billion People, you said we were destroying the planet.
When We are tried limited our numbers, you said It was human rights abuse.

When We were Poor, You think we are dogs.
When We Loan you cash, You blame us for your debts.

When We build our industries, You called us Polluters.
When we sell you goods, You blame us for global warming.

When We buy oil, You called that exploitation and Genocide.
When You fight for oil, You called that Liberation.

When We were lost in Chaos and rampage, You wanted Rules of Law for us.
When We uphold law and order against Violence, You called that Violating Human Rights.

When We were silent, You said you want us to have Free Speech.
When We were silent no more, You say we were Brainwashed-Xenophoics.

Why do you hate us so much? We asked.
"No," You Answered, "We don't hate You."

We don't Hate You either,
But Do you understand us?

"Of course We do," You said,
"We have AFP, CNN and BBCs..."

What do you really want from us?
Think Hard first, then Answer...

Because you only get so many chances,
Enough is Enough, Enough Hypocrisy for this one world.

We want One World, One Dream, And Peace On Earth.
- This Big Blue Earth is Big Enough for all of Us.

FootNote:
One,
never mind the racist thick fake accent,
I am sure this video Just want human Rights.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdqa8_RB8Mg

Two,
If you don't know the above references,
Go to libraries and Do your own research.
don't get your facts from the tube,
You wouldn't have a Clue.

Three,
Any one is free to use this poem,
Copy Right Notice,
Just Give The Credit,
to the Silent, Silent Chinese.
It's ironic that these same people proudly waiving the communist Chinese flag support a country which makes it illegal for Tibetans to display the Tibetan flag. Enjoy your freedom but keep it in perspective.

This is the problem when you have too many male babies, all that testosterone limits brain cell function.
China's survived so long because their leaders know that invading those neighbours would be a foolish waste of resources for not enough benefit.  The US, following the footsteps of other over-extended Western empires, doesn't share the same wisdom.
[deleted]
Poster above has bad sense of relations in Asian society.

Chinese immigrants who move to foreign countries have a hard time assimilating with the native people. Yes this is true, and does happen with other ethnic groups, most particularly Jews, Italians, Germans, or any ethnic group owning a ghetto during the growing NYC of the 20's. This is the reason why there are Chinatowns in many foreign countries. But, my point here is: not assimilating =/= neo-colonialism. 

ir_student has not figured out that there is only so much power that can be lifted by a minority group. In parts of SE Asia, for example, the overseas Chinese only makeup for less than 5% in most of the accounted demographics. Similarly with the USA. The Chinese-Americans are a minority group that is overrepresented in American college group. But have such exaggerated power does not mean a malice coup, as suggested above.

The Jews for example are another ethnic group that can be readily compared with the Overseas Chinese.They were accused and prosecuted of running the world's financial systems in order for their quest of world domination. We now know that this isn't true now. Though there are a large amount of Fortune 500 companies/Movie Companies run by Jews, they only do it for benign purposes.  

In comparison, the Overseas Chinese do not have a sense of pride beyond their country. Whereas the Jews are united by their religion (Judaism) and language (Hebrew) , the Chinese have difficulty communicating with each other. While China might resemble a strong national country, it is a vast land where there are many regional dialects that separate the Han Chinese. Mandarin is mutually unintelligible from Cantonese, Teochew, Shanghainese, and Hakka and so on. And not to mention the different physical appearances of the Overseas Chinese, due to the drawing from the wide parts of the country.

Think China as a super-country that resembles the European Union. Just because the Chinese move out, doesn't mean they're a united people. They don't have a master plan, they're just trying to live the best of their life. Hey, they're like the Jewish people of the early 20th century, except that they're typically fewer in number in their new countries and represent the top percent of their genetic pool.
In fact, many move out of China because they wouldn't have been as successful staying in their motherland. Think about that! They're enterprising immigrants, mostly from the upper-to-middle class*. Heck, many go here get their post-graduate education.

(*It costs $$$ to move out of the country of China, unlike running over the US/Mexican border) 

If you consider this neo-colonialism, than the Overseas Chinese have failed in two respects: they didn't bring enough people over and they're not united absolutely by language, religion (some convert to the "native" religion), food, appearance, etc. 

As for the native people, they know about this. The Chinese do not like to assimilate. They are usually upper-middle class type, opening up their own business than rather labor. They're usually racially aware, preferring to marry within their own blood, than choosing a native spouse. And the people get ticked off. Riots have broken out in Indonesia, Malaysia. These Tibet crackdown, resulted from anti-Chinese sentiment. The example you've given of the Sino-Vietnamese war had the Chinese-Vietnamese exiled from their country during the course of conflict, just because their success!
 
Think again before posting bull.
&gt; In the riots in Lhasa, the protesters assaulted and murdered ethnic Han Chinese civilians  ....

There was an article in The Atlantic, by an American English teacher in Tibet. 

Basically, he said that the Chinese themselves compared the Chinese administration of Tibet to the American treatment of the Plains Indians.  And they saw it as a good thing.

Just like I can't blame the Indians for killing the White Man, I can't blame the Tibetans for wanting to kill a few Chinese.
I was there for a long time today, and it was very peaceful. There were pro- and anti-China groups all pretty well mixed together. There were definitely some amplified voices on either side, but nothing overtly threatening. People were pretty much critical of the Chinese government and not the Chinese people.

Now I can't tell if any of the pro-China people were trucked in or not. It's very hard to tell since many of the locals cannot speak English anyway. What I can tell you is this: The route was a lie. One could say the route was changed because of safety concerns or one could say the route was changed to an UNKOWN area because the lack of protesters in the other part of town would look better for China - possibly both.

Here are some pictures I took (straight from camera):
[My Flickr!](http://flickr.com/photos/dead_ed/sets/72157604465324916/)
It's sort of bullshit complaining about Western colonialism (a very legitimate complaint), and then imposing Chinese colonialism on the Tibetans.

If colonialism is so bad, why do it to Tibet?
&gt; China's survived so long because their leaders know that invading those neighbours would be a foolish waste of resources for not enough benefit.

As recently as the 60s and 70s, Ho Chi Minh was seriously concerned that China would colonize Vietnam once the dust had settled, and that was one of the major reasons that North Vietnam increasingly leaned on the Soviets for economic and military support. (This was also a great factor in escalating the [Sino-Soviet split](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sino-Soviet_split).) Ignorant people often think Ho Chi Minh's primary ideology was communist, but that is simply not the case: he was first and foremost a Vietnamese nationalist. As such, he was very keenly aware that his struggles would be for nothing if all they did was exchange one master (France or Japan) for another (China). Keep in mind that Vietnam was part of the Chinese empire for over a thousand years, up until the 10th century.
Since when do the Tibetans speak Chinese? Since when do the Tibetans consider themselves Chinese?
re: dissing the Dalai Lama

Ridiculous argument.  This is like saying that it is disrespectful to Barack Obama to call for Bush's impeachment, a stance that he does not officially endorse. Political leaders can not always afford to demand what is right. They must promote acceptable compromises that are politically feasible.
Clearly you just hate white people! ;)
http://www.wordreference.com/definition/protest

"Standing up for what you believe in." is missing, however, several definitions which fit the pro-China protesters were not.

If anybody is creating their own definition here, I'm sorry, but it's you.
This is the future of democratic nullification. Just pay to create a counter-movement for every grassroots popular movement. I wonder how many generations will suffer this before the people figure out a counter.
Supplies!
Nationalism never ceases to blind the masses.
The Chinese takeover of the US has already started.

Will China really bail out the US economy so that the US can push them around for the next 100 years?  Not a chance.
A shitty poem is a shitty excuse for the behemoth oppression of an entire culture and any democratic dissenters in China.

China is not silent, you fucking idiot.
semantics. the answer to all ideological discussions...
reddit? this is.. spartaaaaaaa
did you see a video showing this? i've seen some funny exchanges between these camps. here's [one](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=af1rq4aiIfY)
One English teacher fired before my time was happily teaching his Chinese students the word 'nigger' and was preaching the genetic inferiority of the black man.  Another was fired for preaching Christianity in his class.  Did this teacher also have his share of bias shaping his world view?

Besides, Tibetan Chinese still make up around 90% of the population of Tibet.  The problem is that they are still mostly living rural lifestyles and are not benefitting from the advances being made in Tibet.  In the larger cities, Lhasa in particular, Han immigration *is* disrupting the traditional demographic scene.  The Han population is still around 25% in Lhasa, but it is likely congregated in the center and taking more than its "fair share" of the benefits of industrialization.

&gt;the Chinese themselves compared the Chinese administration of Tibet to the American treatment of the Plains Indians.

Thats a red flag right there.  It sounds like the American has formed his own opinions and is claiming that he is hearing it from the Chinese.  What the hell do Chinese people know about the Plains Indians?  Probably as much as most people know about the Boxer Rebellion or the role the Marco Polo Bridge played in World War II.

&gt;I can't blame the Tibetans for wanting to kill a few Chinese.

No doubt.  You've been well conditioned by the mainstream media.
More likely they are protesting a biased and deeply flawed media and the gullible tools that march along to their music.
[deleted]
SF has nowhere near the Chinese population of cities like Vancouver.

That aside, if in your generation you've gone from subsistence / survival farming to living and working overseas you probably think the Chinese government is amazing.

Just think what it's like:  You parents lived in complete squalor, and you've caught the maglev train to the airport as you left Shanghai...

Problem number one:  Food on the table.  Problem number (n): Freedom of the press.

The treatment of ethnic Tibetans is horrible, but the raising up of a billion people from nothing to prosperity it truly awesome.
Nationalism brings us victory!
Ain't that the truth.

Who got anything out of today? The pro-China people didn't get to cheer the flame towards Beijing, and the pro-Tibetans got no air time either....

It was an expensive farce.  Simulation at it's most obvious.

A torch which represents nothing-in-particular being fought over by two groups, playing the game of representation over meaning.

Both groups want the games to occur, they just want to wave different flags on tele.
[deleted]
Scientologist propaganda!
I don't agree with the Olympics being boring part, but that's just me. Otherwise power to you.
Nixon did it with the Moonies.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0480025/
thugs vs rebels, isn't that always what it comes down to?
I don't think ir-student was posting bull. He mentioned only the settlement by China of Tibet and suggested that surrounding regions might be afraid of a similar fate. This is a reasonable fear for them to have, and would partially explain the difficulty that the Chinese immigrants to SE Asia might be facing in assimilating into those regions; namely, that the native populations regard them with that self same fear. Your reply seems overly defensive, and vigorously so.
I'm confused.

Isn't this what a democracy is about? Whoever has **more people** wins?

So if there were **more** pro-China supporters there, then giving them what they want should be the democratic thing to do, right?
How is this any different from people who love America and yet hate what their ancestors did to the natives?

Human beings are complex that way.

Not everything has to do with brainwashing. It's about having pride in one's country and yet understanding there are still many things to change.
People warn us that a boycott of the olympics would result in a nationalistic back-lash of Chinese sentiment. And that we should not risk this. That is moral cowardice pure and simple. What we are really being told is, 'What if I boycott them and some other guy doesn't? Won't I look a fool!' 

The PRC wants to bring itself into the International Community more and more. Well, the International Community as it stands, may be a European authored entity fair enough. And that European/ Colonial history may not be spotless, in fact, far, far from it. But to respond to European allegations of human rights abuses, by saying that these principles of human rights are some solely European prerogative being foisted on other cultures by the former colonial powers for nefarious purposes, well, that's just crap, and it's the same sort of excuses that we heard from the Nazis in justifying their abuses. 

Like it or not, as a European or not, the European experience is not a fundamentally racial one. It's the experience of the growing pains of industrialisation and burgeoning interdependence on one's neighbours. And it's an experience that should be learned from. If China chooses not to, then our future looks bleak.
[deleted]
If Anti-China (for lack of a better term) groups spent as much resources and effort bussing people to the event, it would have been a different story altogether. The "majority" we saw in San Francisco yesterday was a manufactured one.
How'd they drive the bus across the ocean?
Manufactured or not, they were the majority at the time. And that's the way a democracy is supposed to work, right?

You can't hold off on the elections just because you weren't able to get a certain group of people to vote.

And isn't that how political elections in the US are as well? Those candidates with the most money, the most ability to get on the media, are the ones voted into office.

***

And if you check out the article comments, most of the supporters were not "bussed in" but went there by themselves.
I don't love America, and yet I'm not trying to live somewhere else.  I feel a utilitarian stand-off with the US.  I live here.  It's ok. It's not the worst place.  Do I have pride in America?  ummm, no.  I was just born here and sorta vote when I feel like it.  America is not mine, and I am not America.

I think a "love-hate" relationship with a nation, employer, or significant other is co-dependence, and yes, a form of brain-washing.
[deleted]
There was no intention of the majority to respect the minority, which is fundamental to "the democratic thing."
Probably when the torture of the rest of Chinese stop.  I agree China has human rights issues but that isn't exclusively aimed at the Tibetans.
[deleted]
shhhh.  That's bad um k, America is the Myspace of nations.  Any idiot who can figure it out is aloud to join.  Notice no one would dare call a country like New Zealand "Nationalistic".  I for one would like to see the US adopt the exact same standards, but I guess I'm just racist or something.
You are absolutely right.  This is the Establishments inoculation against political populism.  People think that opposing sides of issues are opposite, but often both sides are pitted against each other in spectacles designed to demoralize the consensus builders.
well that is not San Fran.
The only cure for democratic nullification, sad to say, is strife. 

It is an illimitable truth, acknowledge it or not, that we are actually responsible for the world we help to create. We can get bogged down in historical determinism...but it gets us nowhere. We have to take responsibility for our actions, but moreover, our own world-view; as well as out own happiness and security. 

It's a harsh and impractical ideal, that each of us, is solely and ultimately the author of our own lives. And it may not even be demonstrably true. But I personally believe that you have to hold that view in order to make any real sense of these situations. 

So, as it was in Nazi Germany, the cure for apathy, is the very problems that such apathy allows. Which is in and of itself a historically deterministic perspective. But taken within the context of the necessity for individual responsibility, shows only that an individual is self-instantiated, and means only that this necessity is neither the cause nor the effect of real democracy, but rather, the process of real democracy; inviolable, in so far as a collective is not a real thing, and totally invalid, in so far as, democracy can never really exist, though nonetheless a fundamental contingent of life, and always so, regardless of political prerogative, where one means to measure any moral decision against the reality of it's consequences.
[deleted]
Yes, that's pure democracy, but that's not what we practice in the United States. We have something called the Constitution, which was designed to protect minorities from the tyranny of the majority. One must recognize that tyranny is real by looking to history. The eventual endpoint of majoritarian logic is genocide.
[deleted]
You're no better than the people who read criticism of the Israeli government as anti-semitism. This is about the regime, not the people. A "hard read"  would reveal that.
&gt;the act of making a strong public expression of disagreement and disapproval;

Though I was speaking about the act, not the definition of the word. Way to keep on top of things mister dictionary. You are exactly what I am talking about. To you a protest is the act of going to a rally and expressing an opinion. To me, it is the act of going to a rally and expressing *your* opinion.

Sometimes the dictionary is too vague, or people too dense.
Then maybe you got [Rick Rolled](http://reddit.com/info/6f7ns/comments/)?
i would have upvoted you for posting a poem, even though I tend to think people who push the  'blame the media' perspective, in any form, are fools.

But then you went and said:

*Two, If you don't know the above references, Go to libraries and Do your own research. don't get your facts from the tube, You wouldn't have a Clue.*

This made you too much of an idiot for me to upvote, as I would be embarassed at this point. 

I have done my own research. And I suggest you do your own. When you have done this, we can talk then, but I don't like dealing with hypocrits.
No, thats not what a protest is to me at all. Honestly, in my opinion, going to a rally is usually the lowest form of protest.
although i would be inclined to agree with you i think pro-tibetan are giving carte blanche in this situation.

why can't chinese people embrace their country without it turning it into a "government propaganda spectacle"?

and really what is the goal of the tibetans, burmese and falun gong?  does anyone really know?  all they have is a battle cry and no plan of action.  do they really think getting into a shouting match in san francisco will solve whatever grievances they have?
Victory over reason.
This certainly is the case. I saw the forums where people collectively decided to start a pro China rally. Definitely not organized by Chinese government in any way.
you think the best a PR company could come up with is to have chinese people waving chinese flags in the china town capital west of the mississippi?
&gt; But to respond to European allegations of human rights abuses, by saying that these principles of human rights are some solely European prerogative being foisted on other cultures by the former colonial powers for nefarious purposes, well, that's just crap, and it's the same sort of excuses that we heard from the Nazis in justifying their abuses.

I would be interested to know when the Nazis made that claim. Considering that they themselves were European, it seems unlikely.

It is actually possible to make an argument without comparison to the Nazis.
how is this any different from the ron paul army?  do you think any amount of convincing could get an anti-chinese to wave the chinese flag at a rally?  even if they were organized by a "government conspiracy", how does it detract from the fact they are proud of their country hosting the olympics?  how is it different from the pro-tibetans who all planned to show up at the event together?  is it because tibetan "liberation"  makes a cool t shirt?
The way the Chinese expatriates feel about the PRC is something akin to the way you would feel about a flawed husband/wife. You're going to yell at them for doing stupid shit sometime because thats just how they are. HOWEVER, at the same time you will not tolerate OTHERS criticising them.

When Americans protest Chinese actions, its not helping the Chinese become more progressive at all. They will become MORE defensive about whatever the government does. 

In other words, if everyone would just mind their own business instead of trying to undermine China's government at every turn, the Chinese people will eventually find a way to get things rolling themselves.
unless beijing all of a sudden managed to get one thousand visitor visa for their paid actors from the american consulate, i don't see how what you're saying would be a plausible explanation.
&gt; Manufactured or not, they were the majority at the time. And that's the way a democracy is supposed to work, right?

That gets a big whopping **NO** from me. Now, I know that the Chinese government weren't responsible for _all_ of the pro-China crowd, but I'm sure it played a significant role in organization and mobilization. Using government resources to overwhelm an event to spread pro-government propaganda is NOT how democracy works. Sorry to break it to you.


Your argument regarding elections doesn't work either. 

&gt; You can't hold off on the elections just because you weren't able to get a certain group of people to vote.

Correct, but it would be wrong for a government to load buses of pro-government (and only pro-government) people to ship them to polling places, wouldn't it? That's a more accurate parallel than the situation you brought up.

&gt; And isn't that how political elections in the US are as well? Those candidates with the most money, the most ability to get on the media, are the ones voted into office.

Yes, candidates, who are not the same as the government, try to organize and mobilize their base to vote. That's democracy as it's supposed to work.
"We had something called the Constitution, which was designed to protect minorities so long as they are white males from the tyranny of the majority."

There, fixed it for you.
We will claim this for China.
Fuck China/Fuck the Olympics
Getting mad and posting shit on the internet is so much higher huh?
Nope, thats the 2nd lowest.

Real protest is done by quietly effecting change in your community. Real protest is voting with your wallet, every single time you pull it out. Real protest is voting, in every election, for a candidate you'd like to see in office.

Real protest is starting or helping something like kiva.org, Habitat for Humanity, or any one of the brazillion other nonprofits out there.

Real protest is joining the peace corps. 

Real protest is NOT putting on your silly V for Vendetta mask and blocking traffic.
So should the Chinese government get credit for using mass transportation to reduce their carbon footprint?  How do the Tibetan protesters get SF?  On the back of their yaks?
The people waiving the communist flag weren't so discerning. You can support China without waiving the flag of a regime we fought a war with in Korea only to see it live on with its defenders in America supporting it and its human rights abuses. But in America you have the freedom to be an ungrateful ass.
I get what your saying and I agree it would be wrong if it was our (the US) government doing this.

But I don't see anything wrong with a foreign government doing so. How is this any different than big corporations and their lobbyists?

Many foreign governments (and big corps) will fund and lobby for their preferred candidate.
China could use this!
So you wouldn't mind if the U.S., either overtly or covertly, funded and supplied the pro-Tibet movement in China?
I didn't realize the US and China were still at war. I thought they were allies in *The War On Terror*?

Do you think the British still get upset seeing the American flag? Those bloody rebels...
The difference is we have a democracy and we elected different governments. The communist government is the same dictatorship that has been in power for most of the 20th century.
During the immigration marches (last year?) they caught hell from the xenophobes for carrying the Mexican flag. After that some of the marches featured the US flag exclusively.
That's what Amendments are for.
China Daily = Pravda. Want to see proud people supporting Stalin or Hitler ? There are videos on the net.

And, yes some anti-nazis or anti-communists did the stuff you cited and much more. Some crippled nazis were beaten, for instance back then.

The bottom line is "what do you support" not how genuine you are. The pro-Nazi and the Bolsheviks were genuine enough.
Nobody sais that there are no Chinese supporters of the Govt. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIF6hOy5LNg

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXJh7PB6LOU


See all those folks freely expressing their support ? Want some videos with Mao ?
Sure, but you wrote "designed to," and that's what it was designed to do. It was later fixed to protect what current times believe to be humans, and is now selectively disregarded by Bush.
I picked the first definition off of the Random House Dictionary because, frankly, I don't trust the dictionary.com version.

And are you attacking me because of my cliches?  And what cliches?
Didn't the US already do that back in the 50s? I thought the CIA funded pro-Tibet rebels?

Anyways, the big difference is that China's actions are perfectly legal according to US laws. So if the US were to legally fund the pro-Tibet movement in China then I wouldn't mind either.

Of course I realize this might be unfair because China is a communist government, and so most likely anything like that would be illegal.

But that's the point. If the US is trying to preach the benefits of a democracy, then it must stand by it at all times. Not pick and choose aspects of it whenever it's convenient.
Look, I was getting to what he's saying.  He's saying that the protesters were silenced by the Chinese folks.  I said that they were not silenced, that that was sensationalist bullshit.

And I don't know you, but you're still not one to dictate "who wins".  A discussion is not about "who wins", it's about getting to the point of the matter.

Also, there is no such thing as one, all-encompassing moral rule on reddit.  Diction and precision counting less is your own opinion.  Did you know that redditors are people too, and as such they have different values than each other?  Small as that group may be, they still exist and you cannot define reddit without them.
WTF?  You'd think from the article that they bussed in Chinese people from Mainland China.  I think they underestimate the patriotism of Chinese people.  While there may be some concern over human rights, most overseas Chinese find the disruption of the Olympics and China's spotlight on the world stage shameful.
Falun Gong == Scientologists.  Falun Gong outside of China is bankrolled by some very wealthy people and organizations (and probably the CIA).
The communist government has elections within the party. And the members have different opinions on how China should grow. For example Deng Xiaoping's policies were quite different from Mao's.

But that's beside the point. The issue is that the Korean War was over a long time ago and in recent years China has become our ally.

So I don't see anything wrong with someone waving an ally's flag around...
&gt; How stupid are you people anyways? 

What do you think?

White people hate Chinese, **period**.  Don't ever let anyone convince you otherwise.
&gt; China is a traditionally authoritarian culture

Yeah?  And so is Europe.

Monarch, anyone?
well, it isn't reasonable to ask the world to bury their heads in the sands.  In fact,  the US and Israel are both examples where the world demands accountability. The world insists their opinions about Israel and the US be heard. Is the oldest nation in the world (China) so much more fragile than these two up-start nations that it cannot handle similar criticism? 

I can't help it if Chinese ex-pats are sensitive about China.  But, I can have an opinion about Tibet, or Taiwan, or lead infused toys, or qi gong, ginseng, and Chinese food.
[deleted]
&gt; I am not Chinese. I am just not racist either

White people in America do *everything* and I mean **everything** they can to disparage the Chinese and Chinese Americans especially.

If you were Asian you'd see it even clearer and with more magnitude.

All this shit is absolutely no different than any number of portrays in the movie, the media (Wen Ho Lee?) etc.  It's fucking white people preaching down to "chinks" on moral high ground they no longer occupy.
[San Francisco Bay Area](http://www.singtaousa.com/media/consumer.html) (SF + Santa Clara + Alameda) Chinese population was 458,351 in 2000.  In the [Greater Vancouver Area](http://chineseinvancouver.blogspot.com/2006/11/chinese-population-in-greater_03.html), including high Chinese areas like Richmond, Surrey, and Burnaby, the population in 2001 was 263,270.

SF itself only had a Chinese population of 152,620 - but if you take into consideration the outlying districts of both cities, I think you'll find that SF has about double the Chinese population of Vancouver.
So they kill a few, plenty more where we came from! :P
I have no problem supporting trade with Chinese people, I have a problem with waiving the PRC's flag around. The mini feel good elections are for show only, in the end there is only one party. I see you defending the PRC as pretty revolting. The PRC deserves nothing but contempt for killing and butchering people for decades(Tibetans, farmers, tiananmen), the Chinese people deserve support. The US government that butchered the Indians is long gone yet in 2008 we have the same thing in Tibet that happened in the 50's/60's.
Tibet isn't their country.
The truth is that white people are just jealous that the Chinese are catching up to them in the genocide department.
[deleted]
&gt; This article is mostly sensational bullshit. 

You must be new to this whole "media news" stuff.
&gt; The PRC wants to bring itself into the International Community more and more.

Yeah, just like they've done in the past, and just like they've done in the past, they're going to encounter a world that is racist, violent, and biased against them.

And then they will go into isolation again.  Just like they have done time and time again, because westerners (i.e., WHITES) are hypocritical, racist, and will never see China as equals in humanity.

Even with all that the Chinese have given the world in terms of technology, culture, labor, cuisine, you see, some things never change.  Whites will always hate them.
On Wednesday, I went to watch and participate in the protests against the Olympic torch going through SF. I walked from my apartment to Embarcadero &amp; Market, down Eddy St., eating a Burger King double-bacon cheeseburger, fries and a Coke. Eventually, a phalanx of motorcycle cops closed off the East/West cross streets escorting two or three charter busses filled with what I can only assume was SF city dignitaries. “It looks like they will be taking the torch South of Market,” I thought, and continued down Market Street headed for the Ferry Building.

As I got closer to my destination, the crowd transitioned from residents of the ‘loin, to tourists looking to board cable cars, financial district people grabbing lunch, but eventually the crowd was full of people chanting pro-China and anti-China slogans. The Free Darfur folks were in green; those wanting to influence China’s Burma policy were wearing orange; the pro-Tibet folks were primarily holding or wearing Tibetan flags or carrying signs, all conveniently carrying the CREDO logo; Olympic, American and PRC flags were carried by those supporting, well, China, the Olympics and the torch.

As a cover band blared KC and the Sunshine Band’s “Get Down Tonight” I got to the end of Market Street and the mood started turning ugly. Some pro-China folks were handing out flyers expressing an “alternative viewpoint” to protesters. I heard someone yell “GO BACK TO CHINA” which was quickly retorted with “GO BACK TO EUROPE.” At this point, my sympathies were definitely with the old Chinese folks who were just proud of their homeland. They looked overwhelmed – much like my parents, dressed in full Sox regalia, would be walking into The Toilet (otherwise known as Yankee Stadium). The whole scene left me with a sense of dread.

I walked up towards North Beach on Embarcadero at about 12.20, and found a spot just past the Ferry Building. Strangely, large sections of curbside did not have the metal riot gates that were surrounding the Chinese Consulate at Laguna and Geary just the day before. This had to be a significant clue the authorities were playing the rope-a-dope with the protestors, but I didn’t catch it.

As 1 o’clock approached, I checked SFist.com’s WAP site. There were no updates on a change of routes. Police in riot gear worked to keep crowds out of the street, however, their helmets weren’t on and they seemed friendly enough. These guys definitely put on a good show, faking everyone out. 

Then a couple things happened. The crowd in front of the Ferry Building began completely blocking the westbound lane of Embarcadero, the riot cops donned their helmets and stood shoulder-to-shoulder, each facing the opposite direction. I approached one of the cops, and politely, addressing him as Officer (I forgot the name on his uni) and asked if the torch rally had been canceled. Even though he and the others were all wearing a Secret-Service ear piece, he told me he had no idea. No smile on his face, but hey, I’m only a citizen taxpayer. 

Thinking nothing was about to happen, I started heading back. I walked through the grass next to Justin Herman plaza, past the Embarcadero, and found my usual walking route back to my place from downtown, Sutter Street. Not too hilly and not too filthy, Sutter is the easiest, nicest walk back to my place.

As I headed up Sutter, I kept checking SFist, but they had nothing significant to report. It was one of those strange spring SF days that’s warm in the sun and frigid in the shade. I repeatedly took off and put on my leather jacket as I walked and even though my feet weren’t too cold, I wished I hadn’t worn sandals and instead had worn sneakers and socks. 

At approximately Leavenworth and Sutter, I started to hear two or three helicopters nearby. I brought up SFist’s mobile site one more time, and low and behold, they reported the torch was at Pine and Van Ness – only about 8 blocks away. I headed up Hyde to Pine, chuckled at anti-gentrification graffiti at Polk and Sutter and began approaching Van Ness. People were starting to run towards Van Ness and I joined them.

Traffic was already backed up on Van Ness, finally confirming the torch was nearby. I started running up Van Ness towards Water Plaza, still in my sandals and leather jacket. Another would-be protester, running back to get his girlfriend, let us know the torch wasn’t far – it was at Van Ness and Broadway. More running, more traffic, more helicopters. This looks promising.

Waiting for a light, an EMT took the time to warn us: “You guys be careful, there’s a ton of cops out here today, and they are spoiling for a fight.” In fact, earlier that day, I read all SF Cops were on duty and cops from surrounding counties, State Police and the FBI had also provided manpower. I can only think, with all that was going on at the Embarcadero, if the relay had started, I think some serious violence would have broken out. Since I’m about as tough as a marshmallow, I’m relieved the torch relay was moved.

I finally caught up to the torch at Union and Van Ness. The leather jacket was keeping some serious heat in at this point – but I kept going – booing, chanting and carrying signs. While I read a protester got his/her hands on the torch around this point, I find it hard to believe. There had to be at least 20 motorcycle cops and another 20 – 30 po-lice on foot surrounding the runner holding the torch. These guys had helmets, guns, batons and more, and were not a happy bunch. 

I continued along Bay Street, through the Fort Mason meadow (foolishly crossing, at a full jog, four cops mounted on horses) and continued to heckle the cops and torch bearers. Alternately running and walking to keep up with the torch, I made it about 2/3 of the way through Marina Green, but eventually got tired of dodging bicycles, large Chinese flags in my face and pretty much desperately needing a drink of water. 

I eventually headed back, got a 1.5 liter Crystal Geyser from Marina Safeway and caught a bus on Van Ness – but at this point, you have to be asking why? I understand the Tibet situation is more complex than gerbil lovers or the Beastie Boys will lead you to believe; Darfur and Burma are a problem, but to say these are entirely China’s fault is a bit of a stretch; my condo is full of cheap Chinese goods, including the Chinese Maple HW floors. 

A couple of reasons: 
•	In March, before the riots against the Han broke out in Tibet, the Chinese government violently put down a non-violent demonstration against the regime. When non-violence is met with brutal force, it is incumbent on all of us to squawk as loud as humanly possible. Non-violence needs to be reinforced by those of us who are free, who believe in peace, otherwise, it ceases to be a viable tactic and then blood gets spilled on all sides – taking everyone further from a solution.
•	While there is a significant Chinese community in SF, it is a bastion of liberalism, dissent and occasionally tolerance. Why hold this foolish PR stunt (which is all every torch relay really is) in a city you can be certain will take exception to it. Did my tax dollars go to pay for all these cops? How much did the Olympics pay? How about China? 
•	Finally, the Olympics, even though they are a for profit enterprise are at their essence, about international unity. To have such a significant, aggressive and monolithic police presence around it only shows how polarizing these upcoming games will be.

I am sorry many Chinese Americans were troubled by these protests in England, France and SF. They are directed at an illegitimate oppressive government who is a bad actor on the world stage and not at Chinese culture or people. I, mean, seriously, I love dim sum!
WTF. You'd think the Chronicle knows how overwhelmingly Asian the Bay Area is. I live and work in the South Bay, and I knew many people who took a long lunch break yesterday to go support China in SF. I would assume most went of their own volition. o.0
Nationalism brings self-esteem!
&gt;White people in America

Yaaa for blanket statements about an ethnicity. Why don't you just admit to yourself and reddit you are racist towards white people.
&gt; Why don't you just admit to yourself and reddit you are racist

I've been saying that since day one, since my username was "racist".  Now why don't you give yourself a gold star and grab an ice cream bar?
lol, since when is China our ally?
Real protest is not doing something just to feel good about yourself. 

Gotta love the hipster 'protesters' and their double standards... you people make it look a hobby.
Not organised by the government, but waving the red flag makes it fairly obvious where many Overseas Chinese' loyalties lie. And no, acknowledging that doesn't make me paranoid, since many overseas Chinese opponents of the PRC would agree.
Huh? Genocide is wrong, no matter who does it. 

Humanity's long term survival as a species depends on our recognizing that fact, and ensuring that others do too.
&gt; Besides, Tibetan Chinese still make up around 90% of the population of Tibet. 

Do they call themselves Tibetan Chinese? Or do they call themselves Tibetan?

&gt; It sounds like the American has formed his own opinions and is claiming that he is hearing it from the Chinese. What the hell do Chinese people know about the Plains Indians?

Because [he asked his students, you douche](http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/99feb/tibet.htm)

&gt; I noticed this during my first year as a teacher in China, when my writing class spent time considering the American West. We discussed western expansion, and I presented the students with a problem of the late nineteenth century: the Plains Indians, their culture in jeopardy, were being pressed by white settlers. I asked my class to imagine that they were American citizens proposing a solution, and nearly all responded much the way this student did: "The world is changing and developing. We should make the Indians suit our modern life. The Indians are used to living all over the plains and moving frequently, without a fixed home, but it is very impractical in our modern life.... We need our country to be a powerful country; we must make the Indians adapt to our modern life and keep pace with the society. Only in this way can we strengthen the country."

&gt; In my second year I repeated the lesson with a different class, asking if China had any indigenous people analogous to the Plains Indians. *All responded that the Tibetans were similar.* I asked about China's obligation in Tibet. The answers suggested that my students had learned more from American history than I had intended to teach. One student replied, *"First, I will use my friendship to help [the Tibetans]. But if they refuse my friendship, I will use war to develop them, like the Americans did with the Indians."*

You wrote:

&gt; No doubt. You've been well conditioned by the mainstream media.

I don't think so. I understand why the Iraqis want to kill Americans. Why the Chinese are suspicious of the West. How the Native Americans were wiped out. Why Palestinians kill Israelis.

And by understanding these things, I can understand why Tibetans might want to kill Chinese.
So thinking that it's inappropriate for criminal illegals to wave a foreign flag on their soil while demanding the right to break American laws makes you a "xenophobe"?

My, my, what a pansy-ass era we live in.
Tibet isn't a country. Period.
I love the racists on this board
Yeah, I had a similar thought while attending the Olympic Flame ceremony and run at AT&amp;T Park. I was completely surprised by the larger number of pro-China supporters. I got accosted a few times. It was a good experience though.
If you're going to say I'm racist then don't be a pussy about it, go ahead and speak your mind, no one's going to hurt you. If you think I'm being racist you couldn't be more wrong. You want to blur the line between not liking a government vs its citizens. If I'm a racist then I'm a pretty terrible one considering the Chinese I've dated not to mention scaring the hell out of a racist in Chinatown who was mocking Chinese in a pretty rude manner.
Why do you think Tibet being part of China for millenniums is colonialism?
I'm not saying that China is perfect, but I wouldn't demonize the government either. I agree the government has tons of things to improve upon, but what they achieved starting from the 1950s is nothing but amazing.

And even though there is only one party, I don't think you realize the differences in policy between Deng and Mao.

Hell, Mao even tried to get rid of Deng Xiaoping during the Cultural Revolution. And Mao's confidantes even tried to have Deng killed.

If there was no dissenting opinions on how to manage China, then why all this animosity?

***

Anyways, this is about waving flags. China is supposed to be our ally. They are supposed to be our friend. I just don't see a problem with waving friend's flag.
It's called copy &amp; paste.

But I'll take responsibility for not editing this piece before posting it.
Neither was America until it kicked Britains ass.
Only those who didn't even take a millisecond to read the poem and critically think about it, never read history, and being so arrogant and self-righteousness are idiots.
Tibet was not part of China for millenia.

The history of Tibet is complicated, but it seems that China did not incorporate it until [the 1700s](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tibet#History) by the Qing dynasty.

This is just about exactly the same time that Europeans began exerting control over China.

In other words, if you think that the length of Chinese control over Tibet gives China ownership, you should argue that the similarly old control of China by Europeans gives Europe a right to rule China.
Just pointing out one thing.

China isn't considered to be America's ally.  In recent years China-US relation has improved greatly with relatively eased trades, but politically, China is America's rival. China actually is the biggest power working against US in Far East. Most of the American foreign policy in East Asia revolves around North Korea and to US, China is the most troublesome factor in dealing with North Korea. There is of course Russian presence as well, but it isn't as powerful as China's influence in the area.

Traditionally, Taiwan, South Korea and Japan are considered to be allies of US.
//i would have upvoted you for posting a poem, even though I tend to think people who push the 'blame the media' perspective, in any form, are fools.//

Sir, media bias in western nations we live in these days are deep and profound, but that doesn't justify media in mainland China like Xinhua are unbiased. 

In fact western media are increasing becoming less ethical (CNN) and more politically biased (FOX NEWS) way before the Tibet controversy started, so if you've been following the 2008 US presidential race closely then you know what I mean.

Remember, corporate mass media here in North America is very competitive, and medias like CNN will do what it can to attract viewer and boost it's rating and profit. Some do have political agendas to influence people.

aedes, I'm not a fool and I'm actually Canadian-born. I have my independent opinions, my own judgment, and I know news reports and journalisms by the western media are very questionable these days.

//I have done my own research. And I suggest you do your own. When you have done this, we can talk then, but I don't like dealing with hypocrits.//

Well I'm not sure about you, but I know I've done it already.
I'm Canadian born too, and I still live in Canada. I don't watch CNN, or Fox news, nor do I visit their websites often, if ever.

I have a couple of RSS feeds from a couple of major countries in each continent that I get most of my info from the news in. North American media, especially that of some of the larger corporations in the States is pretty much useless for what I want to get out of the news, which is the perspective of every possible side of the issue.

This is what I've tried to do with the whole Tibet thing. My conclusions on this are that while there may be some over-zealousness in reporting from CNN and such, their coverage has been much closer to what seems to be the truth then anything from China. The best coverage though, obviously comes from neither of these two parties.

What I can't stand is when people who are obviously spouting nationalistic pro-Chinese nonsense, start complaining that Western media is biased, and not showing the whole story. No shit it's not, but the people yelling about this are just as bad and closed-minded as those they protest about.

But I have my own biases too. My entire family-in-law is Chinese. Their family fled China to Malaysia, when the whole mao thing was going on. They then moved to Canada in the past couple of decades. Most of the Chinese community in these parts ended up in Canada under the same circumstances. As such, not many of the 1st or 2nd generation Chinese here have much sympathy for China in the whole Tibet thing. The only Chinese people I ever hear complaining about how the media coverage of the Tibet thing is biased is young, recent immigrants from Northern China. And for them, it seems that any complaint they have about bias in reporting is usually due to some sort of cognitive dissonance involving their national pride.
Sir, Tibet was part of China under the Mongol-based Yuan Empire, Tibet was technically part of China under Han-based Ming Empire, and yes Tibet was consolidated into China in the 1680s under Manchu-based Qing Empire after decades of turmoil and disunity. 

So OK, I realized it's not part of China for millenniums but only 737 years, that's way before 1/3 of the world was Britain. 

Source: Wikipedia
I really agree with you here, and also I my family do have the exact same situation like your family-in-law faced. My father's family fled to HK when the "Mao thing" started, and my late great grandfather was a lifelong KMT member. They never liked the CCP and Mao back in the days, but today my father was more sympathetic, albeit still dislike, the CCP when it comes to improving mainland China and all. However as a Chinese, I would support the KMT over the CCP.

But anyway, it's not just the mainlanders who are very patriotic and nationalistic (I have no problem with that really), but overseas Chinese who immigrated from HK and mainland via HK between 1950s and 1990s who tend to be more conservative. 

I also I don't think the new generation of Chinese immigrants are that close-minded at all. A few maybe, but not most. A couple of roommates of mine are visa students from Harbin, and they're pretty much open-minded and not the kind of people you think of them. 

But to be honest if I'm asked to take part of the pro-China rally, I would anyway.
Hey, you won't catch me wearing a clown costume and bugging people trying to get to work.

Besides, most of these assholes are going to turn right around and vote for Democrats anyway.
&gt; Sir, Tibet was part of China under the *Mongol*-based Yuan Empire ....

So both China and Tibet were occupied by the *Mongols*. By your logic, then, both China and Tibet should be controlled by Mongolia today.

&gt; was consolidated into China in the 1680s under Manchu-based Qing Empire ...

So ignoring your dubious Mongol claim, Tibet was controlled by China in about the same era as China was controlled by Europe.

Just as China has an inalienable right to control the ethnically distinct Tibetans, Europeans must have a right to control China. The historical argument is the same.

Fetch me a cup of tea! Chop, chop!
Oh, the Nazi's did make such claims. Ie, that outside powers were imposing their own subjective values on them, when the Nazis were committing human rights abuses, and the rest of the world bought it.
We're talking about China here, not Asians.

edit: also, the WHITE attitude is more culturalist than racist. For instance, yes, my personal impression of Chinese straight off the boat is that their seem a little bit spastic to me...that's their culture not their race. Asians grown up in Australia from birth, are Australian, understand white culture, and know how to roll with white culture...they have NO problems. Repeat, NO problems. So, it's not fair, but it's not exactly racist either. It's culturalist. And yes, I do think Oriental culture sucks balls; and it's egiven the world nothing in terms of technology, so scratch that one from your list.
&gt; I do think Oriental culture sucks balls; and it's egiven the world nothing in terms of technology

LOL the brainwashing is powerful in Australia, I see.
Well, if the list goes on and on, please continue.

Your list is 1000's of years old. Goddamn. Who the fuck cares? I mean, talk about resting on one's laurels.

PS. Hitler was an insane, cowardly douchebag. 

Rule Britannia.
[deleted]
You're right, such fundamental discoveries as global navigation and paper printing pale in comparison to all the death and bloodshed and suffering whites have spread around the world so efficiently.

Rule Brittania indeed.  Your empire will be flushed down the drain just like every other before it.  The muslims are already taking over your clusterfuck of a home island.
Yeah, I don't think the Chinese gave the world navigation...I mean, the term navigation embraces so many different concepts anyway, you'd have to qualify it, and even then the same aspects of navigation that were developed by China were developed independently elsewhere, and probably earlier as well. 

Yeah, you're right, before white people showed up there was no suffering or bloodshed.

You really are a racist.

God Bless America.

That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind...except asshole Asians who have a falsely inflated sense of entitlement.
&gt; Yeah, I don't think the Chinese gave the world navigation

&gt; probably elsewhere

&gt; probably earlier

Right, so in other words, you don't believe it because it conflicts with your preconceived notion that "Oriental" culture never gave any technology to the world.  And certainly anything the Chinese did - well, whites did it earlier, and on their own!

Because... you know, they're white!

&gt; and it's egiven the world nothing in terms of technology

Once again, this is so fucking typical of all whites and their attitude towards Asians.  Condescendence based upon extreme ignorance and denial.
Look dude, gunpowder came from China. And Oriental philosophers hit upon concepts 1000's of years ago, that I'm amazed in hindsight, escaped European and Indo-European thinkers for 1000's of years. China had an extremely sophisticated culture, but never expanded out because of their geography, and it was the European expansion, and yes plunder, that propelled technological develops further in Europe. And yes, that development came on the back of a lot of bloodshed. 

Oriental thinkers have been just as gifted during their history as thinkers anywhere else, they were just under-resourced, largely because Chinese civilisation stagnated a bit due to its geography. 

I don't actually have any problem with Asian people, and European history shows that European people are definitely NOT superior to anyone else. Just look at how easily the Germans were led by a madman like Hitler, and how low culture has been in England and Europe at times. Especially the Dark Ages. 

But my OP, was about the *rest of the world*, including but not limited to China, learning objective lessons from the failures of Europe (like oppressing people and limiting freedom of speech) during it's development into an industrialised society, a development that the rest of the world is now going through. You then turned it around into a Sino vs just about everybody, but especially whites, affair. 

Look, I fully acknowledge the achievements of the Oriental peoples. And as much as Oriental culture seems strange to me, I don't hate it.

I apologise for saying anti-Asian things just to upset you, but hey, I'm only human and you rubbed me the wrong way. It's my problem and I'll deal with it. In the mean, just what have YOU got invested in all this?
&gt; In the mean, just what have YOU got invested in all this?

Nothing, I'm just a racist on the internet.
Yeah, well, I'm just an inferior asian person whose not nearly equal to the achievements of other superior asian individuals who were geniuses, but whom I attempt to convoke as some sort of spurious evidence for my own superiority, a superiority which is non-existent, but of which I am acutely aware, because I've had personal problems adjusting to a new life.

Oh, I'm sorry, we're we posting what the other person might be saying.
&gt; Oh, I'm sorry, we're we posting what the other person might be saying.

What?  No, I really am just a racist on the internet.  Don't overthink it.
Okay, but there are different kinds of racists. 

There are full on supremacists. 

Then there are cow-racists...people whose racism switches from condemning one group to another based on the latest news stories.

Then there are assholes...people who think that being racist with afford them some advantage.

Then there are porcupine racists...people who are racist because they perceive that their race is being persecuted.
//So both China and Tibet were occupied by the Mongols. By your logic, then, both China and Tibet should be controlled by Mongolia today.//

Remember, Chinese = 56 ethnicities. Mongolians are Chinese. One big family.

//So ignoring your dubious Mongol claim, Tibet was controlled by China in about the same era as China was controlled by Europe.

Just as China has an inalienable right to control the ethnically distinct Tibetans, Europeans must have a right to control China. The historical argument is the same.//

But this is not about "control", this is about keeping a nation in "one piece". Just like England, Scotland, N. Ireland, and Wales. You see, if I were British I would want to see a nation in one piece, not 4 broken pieces where I'll never call myself "British" again.

Using the European imperial colonialism is pure false analogy BTW.

//Fetch me a cup of tea! Chop, chop!//

Don't be a village idiot. lol
&gt; Remember, Chinese = 56 ethnicities.

That's what the *dominant groups* say. Maybe the Mongolians and Tibetans wouldn't feel the same way.

&gt; But this is not about "control", this is about keeping a nation in "one piece". Just like England, Scotland, N. Ireland, and Wales.

Why? Ireland split from the UK. Northern Ireland will split too when they have the votes to do it. Scotland is speaking of independence, and the English are not wetting themselves in rage at the thought; recently Scotland acquired its own parliament. Czecholslovakia split up, and they're still friends. The Baltic states broke off from Russia, and that was a good thing.

&gt; Using the European imperial colonialism is pure false analogy BTW.

It's a great analogy. One big group with guns controls a smaller group that doesn't want to be controlled, because the big group wants its land and resources. That's what the Europeans did to China. That's what China is doing to Tibet.

The Chinese hate the comparison, because they want to claim to be victims of colonialism, while at the same time practicing colonialism themselves.
Don't get too cocky there Chinaman, your country's about to go into the steepest of steep demographic declines thanks to the insanity of government birth control policies. Enjoy your world's highest dependency ratio and fail.
Keep in mind that:

* Israel is a result of foreign entities meddling in affairs they had no right to meddle in.
* The US government is more often maligned by non US citizens because of its stupid short-sighted foreign policies more than its domestic issues. 

China is more *sensitive* yes because of its history with western imperialism. This new mobilized mass media by the West just seems to be another organized effort to derail the  Chinese people and their return to the world stage.
Dear honkey whiteboy,

Is that the best you can do?  A critique of the birthrate?

You didn't even mention slanty eyes, or eating dogs.

I'm disappointed.
Like hell they are sensitive. How 'bout threatening to invade HK back in the '80s, incursions into Vietnam, pointing missles at Taiwan to bully them into voting KMT, etc,

you're not fooling anyone.
Tibet was an independent country.
which facts are you claiming are wrong?

That Tibetans dont want freedom and independence? Or the fact that they dont want to preserve their culture and heritage?

I'd say you are full of shit but you are just plain dumb.
//That's what the dominant groups say. Maybe the Mongolians and Tibetans wouldn't feel the same way.//

Maybe, or maybe not. Depends who you're talking to. Not all Tibetans are interested in obtaining sovereignty, and neither do the Dalai Lama - Tibetans' most revered leader. Apparently what the Dalai Lama wanted is autonomy within China just like during Yuan and Ming Chinese Empire.

//Why? Ireland split from the UK. Northern Ireland will split too when they have the votes to do it. Scotland is speaking of independence, and the English are not wetting themselves in rage at the thought; recently Scotland acquired its own parliament.//

Depends what the English public says, but I believe they won't be happy with this. However it's their pieces only they can play, not others.

//Czecholslovakia split up, and they're still friends. The Baltic states broke off from Russia, and that was a good thing.//

The break up of the Yugoslavian and Soviet republics is something the US wanted to see so they can further secure their status as the only superpower. The split up of Yugoslavia is an unhappy one and took tons of blood to get it settled. Russia on the other hand formed a commonwealth of former SSRs to make up the fall out of the former Soviet Union, but however Russia have serious tensions with Georgia and Ukraine that will seriously screw both smaller countries, and other SSRs remained oppressive (read Turkmenistan and Belarus). Spliting nations do not always produce a favourable result. 

Seriously, managing your own sovereignty is one thing, but meddling others is another. 

//It's a great analogy. One big group with guns controls a smaller group that doesn't want to be controlled, because the big group wants its land and resources. That's what the Europeans did to China. That's what China is doing to Tibet.//

You think it was a great analogy because you are ignorant, and you chose to be ignorant. Tibet was an autonomous region of China during Yuan and Ming dynasty, lost it's self-rule during Qing Dynasty, raped by the British between 1904 and 1918, and finally China recovered the territory in 1950 after many attempts during WW2 and Chinese Civil War. 

Tibet was part of China 600+ years before Westerners came to tear the nation apart, and after China managed to put its pieces together you silly people yelled colonialism and "Free Tibet". I mean, who being hypocritical here? Actually it's not hypocritical because all China did is reunifying it's territories. So the legitimate question is who's being silly and an idiot? No nation including the states say Tibet is a "colony" of China, nor Tibet is an independent nation. Even an American WW2 film says Tibet is part of China.

//The Chinese hate the comparison, because they want to claim to be victims of colonialism, while at the same time practicing colonialism themselves.//

That's because you think that way. But to be realistic, us Chinese never hate, deny, or accept that comparison because that comparison never actually existed.
&gt; Not all Tibetans are interested in obtaining sovereignty ....

Good point. Why not put it to a vote of Tibetans? Like the Americans did in Puerto Rico.

&gt; The break up of the Yugoslavian and Soviet republics is something the US wanted to see so they can further secure their status as the only superpower. ....

Yugoslavia made very little difference to the US. The key point is that the *peoples* of the states in question wanted independence. The Estonians, Latvians, and Lithuanians *hated* their Russian oppressors. 

&gt; Seriously, managing your own sovereignty is one thing, but meddling others is another.

So the Tibetans should manage their own sovereignty? You're suggesting a vote? Bloody good idea!

&gt; You think it was a great analogy because you are ignorant, and you chose to be ignorant. Tibet was an autonomous region of China during Yuan and Ming dynasty ...

The best way to settle this would be a referendum for the Tibetans. Let them decide. Not the Chinese, not the Americans, but the Tibetans, right?
&gt;Yeah, just like they've done in the past, and just like they've done in the past, they're going to encounter a world that is racist, violent, and biased against them.

Boo the f*ck hoo. No-one hates China for being Asian, people have a problem with China because it is doesn't come close to conforming to modern ideas of human rights. In less a less politically correct age they would have simply flat out stated that China is not a civilised nation, which is the truth. No-one has a problem with other Asian nations like South Korea, Japan and Singapore. Your delusions of racial prejudice are just that.
&gt;Monarch, anyone?

The feudal system is kind of over these days, maybe you haven't visit Europe recently.
&gt;maybe you can start to understand why every single absurd protest only makes the gap between Chinese and Tibetans grow further

Oh, wait, I thought that all Tibetans and Han Chinese were One Nation and that there was no misunderstandings and conflict between the two, only an Infernal Plot Hatched By The Dalai Clique And His CIA Bosses? This is all a revelation to me.
//Good point. Why not put it to a vote of Tibetans? Like the Americans did in Puerto Rico.//

There are Tibetans I met on Facebook who wanted real autonomy within China or SAR-style system on Tibet.

//Yugoslavia made very little difference to the US. The key point is that the peoples of the states in question wanted independence. The Estonians, Latvians, and Lithuanians hated their Russian oppressors.//

Yet there are some former SSRs that maintain Stalinist-style regime, and Georgia and the Ukraine are screwing themselves up. Also I considered Kosovo's independence unfortunately illegitimate because it upsets certain international/UN laws regarding secessions. 

//So the Tibetans should manage their own sovereignty? You're suggesting a vote? Bloody good idea!//

Tibet isn't a sovereign nation.

//The best way to settle this would be a referendum for the Tibetans. Let them decide. Not the Chinese, not the Americans, but the Tibetans, right?//

Yeah, but in a country where it NEVER had practice democracy in it's 5000+ years history (excluding HK, Macau, and ROC-held islands including Taiwan) the polling process  can easily be rigged even with observers like Jimmy Carter.
&gt; Yeah, but in a country where it NEVER had practice democracy in it's 5000+ years history

Excellent! So we are agreed that a regional vote is the best way to decide issues of regional independence and autonomy, as long as  sufficient safeguards are put in place to ensure a fair and honest vote. Outsiders, whether foreigners or people outside the region, should not have a say. I certainly endorse that.
Basically I didn't say I agree with such vote. I said a vote is too impossible in a nation where it never practice democracy in its history, and it will be rigged with and without international observers if any kind of election was held.
There, don't you feel better explaining your opinion about other nations?  You are free and welcome to talk about other nations' policies, actions, and history.
Ah. You oppose a vote because of your *deep commitment to democracy.* And no vote at all is better than a vote that might be imperfect - or that might give a result you might not want.

Look, I see a lot of mainland Chinese  students. Generally, everyone I know laughs at them for their nationalism, parochialism, and hypocrisy.  Even (and especially) educated later generation Chinese Americans laugh at them, or are at least irritated by them. Chinese who have moved here for a few decades tend to view their families over there as brainwashed. Your weaving and dodging around the notions of autonomy and self-determination, your inability to view European colonialism and the Chinese variety in the same light, and your oh-so-precious concern for the fairness of voting, all lead me to suspect you are one of the ilk. 

Whenever faced with any sort of nationalist, American, Muslim, Israeli, Chinese, whatever, it's always fun to irritate them by pointing out their inconsistencies. And you can tell they get mad when they start furiously downmodding you - that's when you know you've really got them steaming.

Nationalists of *all* types exhibit the same dishonest, parochial modes of thought.
//Ah. You oppose a vote because of your deep commitment to democracy. And no vote at all is better than a vote that might be imperfect - or that might give a result you might not want.//

Where did I say I'm fully committed to democracy?

//Look, I see a lot of mainland Chinese students. Generally, everyone I know laughs at them for their nationalism, parochialism, and hypocrisy. Even (and especially) educated later generation Chinese Americans laugh at them, or are at least irritated by them. Chinese who have moved here for a few decades tend to view their families over there as brainwashed.//

Hmmm... is that right? But sadly I didn't believe what you said because it's very evident that you've made your desperate attempt to put down those who wanted to show support for the 2008 Olympics. Also I see you're making yourself a spokesperson for North American Chinese, well do you know what? You don't speak for us. Period. I'm an average Canadian-born Chinese, and I'm not some brainwashed idiot that you're trying to portray me. Also most mainland Chinese aren't brainwashed too, I got two visa students from Harbin who lives in my residence and they're not the kind of person that you also trying to paint them.

I'm not going to pull out the "RACIST" card on you, but rather I think you're just only a typical ignorant idiot. Seriously, learn and don't assume. 

//Your weaving and dodging around the notions of autonomy and self-determination, your inability to view European colonialism and the Chinese variety in the same light, and your oh-so-precious concern for the fairness of voting, all lead me to suspect you are one of the ilk.//

Well, you've many things to learn before you blabber with your floppy lips. Sir, I'm the guy who actually researched and learn. You my fellow reddit user from south of the border only listens and assumes. It's sad.

Anyway, please look at this video: http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=e78_1207884843
that's interesting you chose you bring up the american revolutionary war because that was an unpopular war started by a small group  of agitators...much like the current tibet situation.
//Whenever faced with any sort of nationalist, American, Muslim, Israeli, Chinese, whatever, it's always fun to irritate them by pointing out their inconsistencies. And you can tell they get mad when they start furiously downmodding you - that's when you know you've really got them steaming.

Nationalists of all types exhibit the same dishonest, parochial modes of thought.//

Well that tells me something about you. Honestly do you think that irritating people is better than engaging in a proper argument/debate? Well that's exactly what the Pro-Tibet protest organizations did, they assume the Chinese supporters are too unreasonable to talk with so they felt it's better to irritate them instead. But it's not  just the pro-China/Olympic supporters, but also those who only (and innocently) came to see the torch relay.

Anyway, I got a question for you: 

Do you think I'm a "Chinese Nationalist"?
Wow... you've obviously been brainwashed by the old racist Australian state. Hilarious.
You get that I'm writing about the article, don't you... but you have you read it... haven't you Mr. "Hard Read"?

Typical.
No... there actually is a differnce of opinion between two factions of Tibetan exiles... the mainstream "official government in exile" and the Free Tibet and affiliated organizations. It's a difference that's been out there ever since the Dalai Lama decided to give up violence in the 1970s, and stop taking funding from the CIA. Unfortunetly, there was a group of Tibetan exiles that didn't have the same moral qualms as his Holiness.
"In less a less politically correct age they would have simply flat out stated that China is not a civilised nation, which is the truth."

Wow... I take as a comfort that you must have gotten beat up a lot in grade school... how do you deal with yourself?
How so? 

Intellectual wants to push his own brand of Asian supremacy mythology by trying to invoke Chinese tech and cultural achievements that are 1000's of years old (which is itself amusing :), I mean, how many Italians have you seen trying to push Latin supremacy mythology by pointing to Ancient Rome). Intellectual is the one who is hilarious. And no, paper and gunpowder don't compare to space flight and computers, which is why he assumes a victim mentality. *All white people condescend to Asians*...well, let's ignore for a moment that that statement is untrue and racist itself, it's also whinging. I hate whingers. If you feel that way, then do something about it. Assert yourself. I can respect anyone of any race who asserts themselves. And it's only Oriental people who I think are a little bit off. Indians, African, Mouri's and Aborigines (now they copped a raw deal, and we owe them something, still) guys kick ass. And there's plenty of them in Australia. And they're welcome to this country as much as Asians are. After all, white people certainly weren't the first ones here. 

edit: so NO, I'm not a racist, but I am a culturalist (which is also a bit wrong but not as wrong). And I think if you'll take a hard look, instead of just allowing the knee-jerk PC reaction to control your brain, you'll find that most instances of so-called racism are actually instances of culturalism.  Any sane person will agree that the colour of a persons skin does not beholden them to any given culture.
&gt; Honestly do you think that irritating people is better than engaging in a proper argument/debate? Well that's exactly what the Pro-Tibet protest organizations did, they assume the Chinese supporters are too unreasonable to talk with so they felt it's better to irritate them instead.

Why don't you test how 'reasonable' the Chinese are to talk to, and unfurl a pro-Tibet banner in Beijing?
I'm merely pointing out to you that the challenges the UK faces are nothing compared to what barriers lie ahead of China. For all your talk of "Muslims taking over", the country experiencing serious civil unrest at the moment is... China.
lol destroy China? You should be thanking the West for building up Hong Kong, Shanghai and Macao and the Japanese for building up Taiwan much further than you would have been able to do yourselves. In 1997, China's economy gained a free *20%* simply by acquiring Hong Kong.

*BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW* the f*ck moar. What is it with these ungrateful Third World people?
&gt; serious civil unrest

A riot in a remote semi-autonomous province isn't civil unrest.

How about France, with riots in the banlieus outside of Paris, or the UK with its constant demonstrations and fractured populous?

Guess you don't remember the not so distant past when it isn't convenient for your argument.
The situations are not even comparable. There are something like 70,000 "mass incidents" in China every year. You have the majority of both the Tibetan and Uyghur populations against the government, the deployment of the PLA and PAP to the West is evidence enough of this. You have had hundreds of people killed in the recent rebellion. You have an 8% inflation rate, 20% unemployment, and widespread corruption. You have one of China's claimed provinces ruled by what remains a competing government, even if Ma is a tad friendlier to Beijing than Chen was.

Don't make me laugh by even suggesting that what the UK and France are going through is even remotely as serious. If I recall correctly, only 1 person was killed in the Paris riots, and order was restored without the need to send in the Army guns blazing.
//Why don't you test how 'reasonable' the Chinese are to talk to, and unfurl a pro-Tibet banner in Beijing?//

Heh, nevermind Beijing, what about else-where?

LOL, Beijing? Is this why your username is "anonymous-coward".

But seriously, Olympics is an international athletic event, not a political tool for Free Tibet and Save Darfur hippies.
Why don't you stop LOL'ing like a 12 yo girl and answer the question - do you think that Chinese supporters are reasonable enough for you to safely unfurl a pro-Tibet banner in Beijing?

You were complaining about the intolerance of the Tibetans, saying that the Chinese were so much more tolerant.

So what would happen to you if you were to unfurl a pro-Tibet banner in Beijing? Just how tolerant would your Chinese comrades be?
//Why don't you stop LOL'ing like a 12 yo girl and//

Hmmmm... after accumulated hours of great discussions, I can see now you got really irritated of me. LMAO

//answer the question - do you think that Chinese supporters are reasonable enough for you to safely unfurl a pro-Tibet banner in Beijing?//

What safely? What Chinese "supporters"? 

BTW, if I were to "safely" unfurl a pro-Tibet banner I would be taken down by the People's Armed Police in just seconds. 

This what I called "public nuisance". 

I mean c'mon, this is not Canada, USA, or some "Liberal/Social Democrat" countries in north and western Europe. Sure in countries like my home country of Canada I could burn like 100s of Canadian flags in public without risking an arrest (aka freedom of speech), but then a majority of my compatriots (Canadians of course) would view me in deep disgust and I would be forever a demonized controversial figure.

//You were complaining about the intolerance of the Tibetans, saying that the Chinese were so much more tolerant.//

Where did I say the Tibetans are more intolerant than the Chinese?

//So what would happen to you if you were to unfurl a pro-Tibet banner in Beijing? Just how tolerant would your Chinese comrades be?//

Then I'm a traitor who deserves to be hated.

Well hey, if I burn a Canadian flag then the same would happen to me. I would be demonized for life. Right?

Seriously, no one wants to be controversial.

But anyway: Welcome to reality, sir.
&gt; BTW, if I were to "safely" unfurl a pro-Tibet banner I would be taken down by the People's Armed Police in just seconds.

That's my point right there.

The Chinese protesters who are being so dreadfully victimized by their Tibetan counterparts are demonstrating on behalf of a state that would deny them, or anyone else, the liberty of protest. 

They're using the liberties afforded by the West to effectively bash Western notions of liberty. That's why many of us view them with disgust.

&gt; Well hey, if I burn a Canadian flag then the same would happen to me. I would be demonized for life. Right?

No, you wouldn't be demonized for life. You might be cursed a bit, then forgotten. Westerners have generally learned to let these things roll of their backs, without spazzing out.

And why are you burning a flag? Why aren't you unfurling a banner in favor of aboriginal/Quebecois independence in Toronto? That's a much better analogy to unfurling a banner for Tibet in Beijing.
//That's my point right there.

The Chinese protesters who are being so dreadfully victimized by their Tibetan counterparts are demonstrating on behalf of a state that would deny them, or anyone else, the liberty of protest.//

Victimized? Try outrage. You called that a protest? I call it riots and violence. Not to mention how many people of non-Tibetan ethnicity were killed, and a Hui Muslim Mosque was burned to the ground. For this situation I would like to compare this to the October Crisis in Quebec. 

But seriously, I didn't make your point. China is not a cold war state of the 1960s, it's a capitalist and populist state of the 21st century. PRC already lowered their level of BS nearly to the level America is at now anyway.

//They're using the liberties afforded by the West to effectively bash Western notions of liberty. That's why many of us view them with disgust.//

Sir, what you didn't realize that China is slowly gaining civil liberties, while in the USA and neighbouring Canada are slowly losing civil liberties. 

That's pretty shameful, eh?

But seriously, people viewing the Olympic supporters with disgust? Try viewing the anti-Olympic activists and their wild tactics with disgust.

Now I'm not a California resident, but my contacts there (both Chinese and non Chinese) say the disgust are directed squarely at the protesters. Disgusts towards the pro-Tibet protesters are well documented on western "mainstream" medias. 

And besides, eventhough most Chinese, especially the latest generation, dislike the current Communist regime on the mainland, that doesn't stop them from showing utmost support for China's stance on Tibet and the Olympics in Beijing. Nationalism and national unity also fuels this support, but who fuels this nationalism? Hint: It's not the CCP or the KMT.

Also, not all Chinese supporting the Olympics are mainland immigrants. So please don't even assume all Chinese supporting the Olympics are immigrants from mainland. Seriously, a 69 year old Taiwanese man joined the support for Olympics and the counter-protest against pro-Tibet, even Frank Chu and his famous "12 Galaxies" was there.

//No, you wouldn't be demonized for life. You might be cursed a bit, then forgotten. Westerners have generally learned to let these things roll of their backs, without spazzing out.//

Not really the case though. Reactions maybe very unpredictable...

But it depends who you're talking about. Some people who maybe be forgotten too easily are the silly ones who don't really generate much controversy at all. People who are demonized for decades to life are the very outrageous ones. 

//And why are you burning a flag? Why aren't you unfurling a banner in favor of aboriginal/Quebecois independence in Toronto? That's a much better analogy to unfurling a banner for Tibet in Beijing.//

Same thing, Canadians will call me a traitor for doing that. But you know, us Canadians are very sick and tired of aboriginal land claims and the various tirades made by Quebec separatists, we just hope these go away sooner than later.


Anyway, I would like to invite you to a Facebook group for further discussions regarding the related topic: http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=9356526887
&gt; Victimized? Try outrage. You called that a protest? I call it riots and violence. 

I'm talking about the Chinese protesters supposedly victimized by Tibetan protesters in *America*.

&gt; China is not a cold war state of the 1960s, it's a capitalist and populist state of the 21st century. 

It is an *authoritarian* semi-capitalist crony capitalist state. The idea of a 'populist' state is a way of saying it is non-democratic, but the goverment is a little bit worried about the public thinks. 

&gt; Same thing, Canadians will call me a traitor for doing that. But you know, us Canadians are very sick and tired of aboriginal land claims and the various tirades made by Quebec separatists, we just hope these go away sooner than later.

Canadians treat these claims with respect. Quebec got to vote for independence. That's the difference between Chinese and Canadians: Canadians resolve these claims democratically, while Chinese send these protesters to prison.

Seriously, try

1. unfurling a pro-Tibet independence banner in Beijing

1. unfurling a pro-Quebec independence banner in Toronto

You'll learn the difference between Chinese and Canadian *real, real quick*.
Racism = "Culturalism". 

The term "culturalism" doesn't even exist outside of those classy little racist states that need to make themselves seem not as bad as "all that". Get out more.
&gt;I'm talking about the Chinese protesters supposedly victimized by Tibetan protesters in America.

I thought we're talking about that.

&gt;It is an authoritarian semi-capitalist crony capitalist state. The idea of a 'populist' state is a way of saying it is non-democratic, but the goverment is a little bit worried about the public thinks.[/quote]

More like a neo-liberal capitalist state than a pseudo-half communist state. But seriously, China is becoming less authoritarian than you might think.

EDIT:

BTW, one of my buddies currently in China told me that none of the anti-China at this time are blocked. Also CBC and BBC are unblocked just recently. Yet here in North America it seems our group on Facebook are being harassed by the site admins. Hmmm... bye bye internet freedom in Canada and the USA? Bye bye fair media on this side of the world (the West)?

Man, this going to make China look good...

&gt;Canadians treat these claims with respect. Quebec got to vote for independence. That's the difference between Chinese and Canadians: Canadians resolve these claims democratically, while Chinese send these protesters to prison.

Actually, our government will do whatever they can to prevent the secession of Quebec even with undemocratic and unethical means.

China doesn't even use dirty tricks when it comes to secessionist attempts.

&gt;Seriously, try

   &gt;1.unfurling a pro-Tibet independence banner in Beijing
   
   &gt;2.unfurling a pro-Quebec independence banner in Toronto

&gt;You'll learn the difference between Chinese and Canadian real, real quick.

I don't need to try it, and I already knew what would happen. Different reaction, same level of sh*t. Did you forget that I'm Canadian too? ;D
Yeah, culturalism is a foil. It's intellectualised racism. Not very far at all from eugenics and social darwinism.

Summary:
&gt; I am not Chinese.
That's what China is doing to Tibet.
There is only ONE China.
That's what the Europeans did to China.
We will claim this for China.
Not the Chinese, not the Americans, but the Tibetans, right?
You called that a protest?
The Chinese do not like to assimilate.
And I suggest you do your own.
That's my point right there.
//That's my point right there.
"What do you want from Us?
I hate to say this but pro-Chinese groups have rights to protest too, even they are organized by Chinese government.
If you want to protest, go there.
But I have my own biases too.
I am just not racist either.
The truth is Chinese people embrace Olympics.
No, thats not what a protest is to me at all.
You don't speak for us.
&gt;I am one of the Chinese supporters.
Look, I was getting to what he's saying.
You really are a racist.
Do they call themselves Tibetan Chinese?
Tibet was an independent country.
What do they have to protest, then?
Just like I can't blame the Indians for killing the White Man, I can't blame the Tibetans for wanting to kill a few Chinese.
People were pretty much critical of the Chinese government and not the Chinese people.
And it's only Oriental people who I think are a little bit off.
But seriously, I didn't make your point.
You are exactly what I am talking about.
That Tibetans dont want freedom and independence?
I didn't realize the US and China were still at war.
It's definitely not the kind that says "there can only be ONE china."
I thought we're talking about that.
Definitely not organized by Chinese government in any way.
Why do you hate us so much?
White people hate Chinese, **period**.
Just pointing out one thing.
Since when do the Tibetans consider themselves Chinese?
The truth is Western media can't stand the fact the Chinese people embrace Olympics and China.
I would be demonized for life.
Anyway, I got a question for you: 

Do you think I'm a "Chinese Nationalist"?
How do the Tibetan protesters get SF?
What business do Chinese Nationalists have doing in any country other than China?
But I don't see anything wrong with a foreign government doing so.
Since when do the Tibetans speak Chinese?
I just don't see a problem with waving friend's flag.
&gt; And isn't that how political elections in the US are as well?
Also, not all Chinese supporting the Olympics are mainland immigrants.
so anyone supporting china was sent in by the chinese government.
Many Chinese supporters take different transportations, by themselves.
Look, I see a lot of mainland Chinese  students.
//Look, I see a lot of mainland Chinese students.
What the hell do Chinese people know about the Plains Indians?
Also I see you're making yourself a spokesperson for North American Chinese, well do you know what?
Thinking nothing was about to happen, I started heading back.
So, We Tried Communism, You hated us for being Communists.
You'd think from the article that they bussed in Chinese people from Mainland China.
And isn't that how political elections in the US are as well?
I mean, who being hypocritical here?
We don't Hate You either,
But Do you understand us?
And as much as Oriental culture seems strange to me, I don't hate it.
I see it happening more and more often.
But seriously, people viewing the Olympic supporters with disgust?
That's why many of us view them with disgust.
* I asked about China's obligation in Tibet.
&gt; It sounds like the American has formed his own opinions and is claiming that he is hearing it from the Chinese.
I get what your saying and I agree it would be wrong if it was our (the US) government doing this.
I think you misunderstood the meaning of protest.
&gt; Well hey, if I burn a Canadian flag then the same would happen to me.
He's saying that the protesters were silenced by the Chinese folks.
Why not put it to a vote of Tibetans?
I think they underestimate the patriotism of Chinese people.
So if there were **more** pro-China supporters there, then giving them what they want should be the democratic thing to do, right?
I don't see any difference between the two groups, except the way they are reported.
I don't agree with the Olympics being boring part, but that's just me.
You see what you want to see and you hear what you want to hear, but you simply missed of voice of Chinese people.
However as a Chinese, I would support the KMT over the CCP.
fixed:
&gt; The truth is Chinese people embrace *genocide*.
No, I really am just a racist on the internet.
And by understanding these things, I can understand why Tibetans might want to kill Chinese.
&gt; But this is not about "control", this is about keeping a nation in "one piece".
Why do you think Tibet being part of China for millenniums is colonialism?
It sounds like the American has formed his own opinions and is claiming that he is hearing it from the Chinese.
I call it riots and violence.
When you have done this, we can talk then, but I don't like dealing with hypocrits.
The truth is Western media can't stand the fact the Chinese people embrace *genocide*.
Well hey, if I burn a Canadian flag then the same would happen to me.
I addressed his point that they were silencing the protesters by saying that they weren't.
The difference is we have a democracy and we elected different governments.
So, if Tibet supporters went to the protest, they are "for a cause".
I would be interested to know when the Nazis made that claim.
And that's the way a democracy is supposed to work, right?
But that's beside the point.
The Chinese takeover of the US has already started.
I'm not saying that China is perfect, but I wouldn't demonize the government either.
This is about the regime, not the people.
No nation including the states say Tibet is a "colony" of China, nor Tibet is an independent nation.
The key point is that the *peoples* of the states in question wanted independence.
The key point is that the peoples of the states in question wanted independence.
So please don't even assume all Chinese supporting the Olympics are immigrants from mainland.
As for the native people, they know about this.
America is not mine, and I am not America.
And even though there is only one party, I don't think you realize the differences in policy between Deng and Mao.
That's a much better analogy to unfurling a banner for Tibet in Beijing.
Just because the Chinese move out, doesn't mean they're a united people.
Thats a red flag right there.
&gt; Besides, Tibetan Chinese still make up around 90% of the population of Tibet.
And I don't know you, but you're still not one to dictate "who wins".
And why are you burning a flag?
//And why are you burning a flag?
When We were silent, You said you want us to have Free Speech.
So what would happen to you if you were to unfurl a pro-Tibet banner in Beijing?
//So what would happen to you if you were to unfurl a pro-Tibet banner in Beijing?
&gt;I can't blame the Tibetans for wanting to kill a few Chinese.
That's what the *dominant groups* say.
//That's what the dominant groups say.
I got accosted a few times.
So much for the Chinese government organization bull$hit!
You were complaining about the intolerance of the Tibetans, saying that the Chinese were so much more tolerant.
I have no problem supporting trade with Chinese people, I have a problem with waiving the PRC's flag around.
&gt; How stupid are you people anyways?
This is what I've tried to do with the whole Tibet thing.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 2.05
