Original Response:
Next up -- Iran II
No, see, Iran already *is* an Islamic fundamentalist state because of what the CIA did in 1953. It wasn't at first, but when people got sick of the US's influence through the Shah, they tossed the shah in favor of the Ayatollahs who installed the 17th century style sharia law.

The funny thing about Iran is that the CIA removed a democratically elected leader and replaced him with a dictator.

Hussein wasn't truly democratically elected, but he did run a secular state (but at the same time, he wasn't a nice leader).
Hooray! America and freedom forever! Yipee!
Yeeeeee-Haaaw! That'l learn them A-Rabs!
I fail to see the funny :(
Oh that's pretty cool I guess.
religion must die.
Isn't wanting them to conform to our customs and beliefs just as imperialist as wanting to invade their country?
and wtf did we think would happen.
kinda, but invading is so much more fun to watch on TV. If they had conformed to our custom of CNN, blood, and steak Tuesday's they would understand.
...this ad was brought to you by the DNC
The problem with Iraq is that no one in US politics or the mainstream media actually tried to 'think'.
&gt;Iran already is an Islamic fundamentalist state

Yeah, but one can always improve things.
Believing that this is possible would mean you are as far from reality as any religious person.
No, the US politicians (and Israel) don't want a stable (and strong) Iraq or a stable (and strong) Iran. They want chaos in the Islamic countries in there.

http://www.atimes.com/atimes/Middle_East/JE07Ak01.html

And they don't mind paying a price for this:

&gt;A senior officer on the Joint Staff told State Department counter-terrorism director Sheehan he had heard terrorist strikes characterized more than once by colleagues as a "small price to pay for being a superpower".
One can dream... Give it a century or so and perhaps humans will have the maturity to see beyond ridiculous fairy tales.

edited to add: however, it is unlikely that humans will still be there in a century.
Oh come on. One of the most successful countries of the former USSR - Estonia. Check out the religion part in the [CIA World Factbook](https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/en.html) (side note - the Factbook is probably the best thing the CIA ever did to us.)

Don't forget Scandinavia either. Although most of them *say* they are (lutheran) christian, they don't draw any conclusions from it.
I don't think:

"Islamic fundamentalist state because of the CIA"

Is quite a true statement. 

While there is obvious cause and effect there and while it was a catalyst, the roots of Islamic fundamentalisms and it's proliferation are prior to, and not the cause of, western intervention. 

Unfortunately, in some Arab countries, like Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Syria, Egypt,and Jordan to name a few there is quite a bit of Islamic fundumentalizem, being it in the form of Al-quida or the Islamic brotherhood, that is being kept reletevly under the surface by the oppressive regime.

Example:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hama_massacre
I'll have to disagree with there. I'd argue the spread of extermism could not have succeeded without western internvention.

You'd have to realize, there are different degrees of "islamic fundamentalism" and one must'nt lump them all together. There are political ones like the brotherhood in egypt and jordan. National resistance ones like Hiz bollah and Hamas, and then there are rogue organizations that form independent of any nation-state origin such as ALqaida, as opposd to the former who are all tied to a certain group within a country.

You just proved the point there in your last sentence. "oppressive regimes." "Extermism" embodies the discontent and sheer anger of the populace towards the ruling establishments. They have to venue to express that anger, and thus boils over to militancy. 

Hezbollah wouldnt have formed without israeli attach on lebanon, Hamas wouldnt either, Alqaida wouldnt have formed without the soviet invation of Afghanistan, and subsequently the US presence in Saudi arabia. The brotherhood would've become englufed within other democratic elements in egyptial society had the West stopped funding Mubaraks  grip on the country. Same principle for western interference in lebanon and palestinian territories. Similarily in Saudi arabia, where the saud family is also supported by the US, and stifle any opposition.

Those are the underlying reasons. Ofcourse there's the fundamentalist ideology aspect of it. But that's more of a symptom, than actually part of the problem.
Typical amount of blood in a human body: 6 quarts

Number of deaths (us,civ,iraqi,etc)*: 1206950

Number of quarts: 7 241 700

Number of gallons: 1 810 425


http://www.justforeignpolicy.org/iraq/iraqdeaths.html
Blog-spam. Incorrect pictures. Spamming asshole.
[deleted]
When I started reading the headline I was really hoping it would actually be good news this time.  I should have known better.
Not when it used to be not. Then it's just losing a neighbor.
[deleted]
From where did he get those images? those werent present even in the original article.
Really...? This in today's Observer:

http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/may/11/iraq
[deleted]
[deleted]
They just signed another agreement with the Mahdi army, by the way - and they were only fighting it for political reasons, not for doctrinal ones.


In the last election the people chose in staggeringly high numbers for the religious party endorsed by extremist Shi'ite clerics.

Let's first see some convictions in any of these cases, plus a pubic announcement by the government against the harassment of female students, etcetera, etcetera.
[deleted]
So, you'd have prefered to see up close pictures of a battered and stabbed woman?
No problem, of course; I was simply pointing out that the government isn't cracking down on them anymore (for now.)


I still think you're desperately optimistic about the way things are developing in Iraq but I truly hope you are right and that I am too pessimistic.

We'll just have to wait and see how things will turn out over there. Again, let's hope I'm wrong.
Iraq, and the Three Kingdoms that up the state before it and the peoples who inhabited the state before it were all fairly fundamentalist. The only thing which was tempering this fundamentalism in Iraq was a hardline dictator. What the U.S. did was merely remove that obstacle to allow fundamentalism to flourish, somewhat analagous to what the British did a century before then. The point is the U.S. ignored the fundamentalism that was already present as much as it created any new fundamentalists.
[deleted]
I was hoping that the "Great news from the Iraq front" was a serious clause and then I remembered this is reddit...
No, not really.
Well, since God is dead, it is only a matter of time, eh?
There are many examples, such as the Muslim brotherhood in Syria (link provided in my previous post), which have nothing to do with western intervention. The claim that this is a struggle against an oppressive regime doesn't have anything to do with western intervention, in fact, the fact it is an Islamic fundamental movement, rather then the historical common case of highly secular opposition to oppression, speaks bundles for the fundamentalisms rutted in Arab Islamic lands. 

The fact that all the so-called national groups you mention also adhere in fundamentalist Islamic beliefs is not an outcome of western intervention - they could have been secular just the same (Like some of the PLO for example) - if it was not for the already routed beliefs. 

Take a look at Lebanon - they had a bloody civil war prior to Israel's engagement of it, I mean Israel went in 82 after they had already been fighting for 5 years.

And today in Lebanon non-fundamental groups (druze, Christian) now fight hezbollah rather then Israel, realizing that Israel and Lebanon have no outstanding issues today if not for the stated fundamental goal of hezbollah  - Israel extinction. 


Going back to the original reddit post we're discussing - such forms of Islamic fundamentalisms in Iraq would have been displayed just the same weather what killed Saddam was an American invasion - or a lightning strike - removing the oppressive regime and setting free the religious and ethical differences .
Sorry wanting them to conform to rational civilized thought isn't imperialist. Hell I don't know what the proper term is, how about being human?

I'm not even sure a damn caveman would act in this manner. You'd think instincts to protect your family members might not be able to be overridden by idiotic thought processes.
I certainly hope so. Countries like mine (Canada) are on the good track but others are not.

Education and common/critic sense are the key.
"The Official List of Confirmed Idiots on the Internet" just got one name longer.
I think there is a parallel with Yugoslavia here. When the old (ex-partisan) dictator Tito was alive the country was more or less united, because no faction dared oppose or anger him.

When Tito died Balkan business as usual made a come-back tour, under Milosevic, Mladic etcetera.

It's the single biggest problem with the whole 'strong man' ideology: all of them die at one point - and when they do the resulting messes are usually very messy indeed.
LOL, more than half of you all voted for Bush, so who's the real idiot?
-ish. But I think as a world we should be able to set some basic standards for human rights that everyone has as citizens on this planet without imposing a uniform culture.
ummm... no!

Read before you type!

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yazidi#Religious_beliefs
[deleted]
I upmodded you for the mere reason you took the time to not only spell out "etcetera" once... but twice.
Honestly, it is time to torch that whole fucking place and get the fuck out. On the other hand, let's change that to get the fuck out, then torch the fucking place.
Heh, thanks. 

(Returning the favour, of course.)
I know about a few Muslim men who got killed because they married Hindu women (in India),not that the Hindus are criminals but inter-religious marriage is just not liked by anybody (in parts of east),but the media just love denigrating Muslims.
uh... so 50.7% of people vote for one guy and you think that it's a safe assumption that *anyone and everyone* you encounter on the internet will be a part of that group? That's pretty stupid. On Reddit no less? More stupid. Given the context of my comment? Extremely stupid.
lay off the crack pipe
[deleted]

Summary:
No, see, Iran already *is* an Islamic fundamentalist state because of what the CIA did in 1953.
They want chaos in the Islamic countries in there.
The problem with Iraq is that no one in US politics or the mainstream media actually tried to 'think'.
I don't think:

"Islamic fundamentalist state because of the CIA"

Is quite a true statement.
The only thing which was tempering this fundamentalism in Iraq was a hardline dictator.
I fail to see the funny :(
There are political ones like the brotherhood in egypt and jordan.
&gt;Iran already is an Islamic fundamentalist state

Yeah, but one can always improve things.
I think there is a parallel with Yugoslavia here.
The funny thing about Iran is that the CIA removed a democratically elected leader and replaced him with a dictator.
The point is the U.S. ignored the fundamentalism that was already present as much as it created any new fundamentalists.
No problem, of course; I was simply pointing out that the government isn't cracking down on them anymore (for now.)

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
