Original Response:
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
"one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter."
[deleted]
What the ANC did in the 1980s wasn't terorism - it was counter-terrorism.

The government of South Africa was using terrorism against innocent civilians and the ANC - rightly or wrongly - was using counter-terrorism.
A well known academic at a South African research organisation that I worked for last year was sent back after he arrived in the US for a conference. He'd been to the US many times before. No reason given. He was probably also on that list, and had been overlooked before.
Now all you need to do is change your name to Nelson Mandala and they'll confuse themselves and let you through with perks. Stupid control freaks.
That MIGHT be true but guess what?

Nelson Mandela is NOT dead (GWB, really, he's not) and he's NELSON MOTHERFUCKING MANDELA

It's like saying that the Pope is a terrorist because he put down some Calvanists and Lutherans over four hundred years ago and well, ever since then...

I mean, I dislike fame and the idea of people being beyond the law but really. He's Nelson Motherfucking Mandela.
[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKiePbTcAfY](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKiePbTcAfY)
I liked it better when you said it in all CAPS.
&gt;It's like saying that the Pope is a terrorist because he put down some Calvanists and Lutherans over four hundred years ago

That's not the same at all.  The pope didn't actively participate in any of those atrocities.  

Nelson Mandela has HIMSELF admitted that he participated in gross human rights violations with the ANC in the 60s.  He helped FORM the ANC's armed wing.  Although the eventual end was a worthy cause, the means were horrific.
That just serves to highlight the subjectivity of "terrorism", which in the last 5 years has lost all meaning.
[deleted]
I love those White people singing with the blacks about killing Whites. What tools.
What this really highlights is the lack of research that goes in to our (the USA's) no fly list.  Any organization listed as a terrorist organization should be investigated before placed on the no fly list, not after.  This is a perfect example of how we have chosen "security" over freedom.
HA-ha - oops, wrong Nelson.
So, someone who enables and condones his wife and others putting tires around his enemies heads, filling them with gasoline, then lighting them on fire ISN'T a terrorist?
May 1983, I was pretty terrified by this "counter-terrorism" when I passed the site of the Pretoria bomb 5 minutes before it went off.  There was an incredible detonation 2 blocks behind me and a thick haze in the rear view mirror. I just drove on to get away.
19 Dead, more than 200 injured, mostly civillians. I have put all that in the past, behind me. No future in living the past. Let Mandela and others visit America.
He was listed as a member of the ANC.  (obviously)  The ANC was labelled a terrorist organization.  (not by us, but we went with it)  Therefore, by association, he was listed as a terrorist.

However, being a little more clear with the title would be nice.  Maybe "The US placed travel restrictions on Nelson Mandela, because he was listed as a member of the ANC, and thereby a terrorist."
Nelson Mandela is a terrorist just like the Iraqi insurgents, the Hamas, or the Talibans.  In that sense, yes, he's a terrorist.
[deleted]
Counter terrorism is when you attack terrorists, not when you undertake terrorism yourself.  Note to Cheney et. al.
Nope, he's just a bad motherfucker.
Paficist hippies are always terrorists.
Of course it was a terrorist organisation. The ANC systematically eliminated the "third force", i.e. anyone other than the UDF and its' allies. This is something important to keep in mind when considering the results of the 1994 election; since all other political forces in the black community had been wiped out by the ANC, its' victory was almost a given. Just as in Zimbabwe with ZANU-PF, most blacks and whites voted ANC largely because they knew it would bring about an end to the ANC campaign.
&gt;he's NELSON MOTHERFUCKING MANDELA

And?
So then Yitzhak Rabin and Ariel Sharon's travel to the US should also be restricted as they were members of the Jewish Haganah origination, which fought the British in Palestine with terrorism (1940's).
It's the same reason we laugh as PHD's fail at Are you Smarter then a Third Grader. Education is stretched too thin. You can only teach so much in a certain amount of time. Often now you are learning not to get an education, but you are learning to pass a test. The State's Test, the SATs/ACTs, Grad exams ect. In this we lose true knowledge.

Alas you can't expect everyone to know everything as well. Not everyone is a genus.

There is so much information in the world, until we have computers in our brain, there is only so much that can be properly retained and understood.
Terrorism is generally when you murder civilians for the purpose of pressuring a government to cave into your demands. Pretty simple really.
So does that mean that the firebombing of Tokyo was terrorism?  Or the nuking of Hiroshima?
I suppose if we are to be consistent, it does.
F*ck yeah!
http://news.bbc.co.uk/olmedia/images/_33659_necklace.jpg
&gt; since all other political forces in the black community had been wiped out by the ANC

There were violent battles between the ANC and the IFP, but the IFP survived. Which other "political forces in the black community" were wiped out violently by the ANC?

The reason there is no major "black" opposition to the ANC and the IFP is because the majority agree with one of them; no violence was needed to wipe out other parties, they just didn't have sufficient support.
*AmaBhulu*, translated in the subtitles as *whites* does not mean that at all: it specifically refers to boers. Ronnie Kasrils, the man standing to Mandela's right in the video, is *not* a boer -- his parents were Jews from Lithuania and Latvia.

Also, *boer* itself refers to the Apartheid oppressors, rather than literal boers (farmers).
AZAPO for one.
When the black masses finally wake up and realize that their "struggle heroes" have done vokkol for them since '94 and start voting DA en masse, the comrades will go back to burnin', rapin' and hackin' just like old times. You'd better believe it; Mugabe was perfectly happy to tolerate opposition parties when they were an unthreatening minority as well.
Wikipedia gives one sentence agreeing with you, but {citation needed}.

(It's not that I don't believe you, but I don't know anything about this, and I'm interested)

EDIT: you've lost the benefit of the doubt... I'll believe you when you provide some evidence.
Oh, I see. So if I write a song about killing n*ggers and tell everyone that I don't ACTUALLY mean all black people, that makes it OK? By the way, the 10,000 Boers that have been murdered since 1994 seems to suggest that some comrades are taking the words of the song rather literally.
I see I'm being modded down, but whatever. *Amandla!*
I never said it was okay. I'm not offering a political opinion here, only providing facts.
[deleted]
NELSON MOTHERFUCKING MANDELA
Cliche much?
[deleted]
[deleted]
To be honest, I think the SAAF HQ was a legitimate military target by any definition. The ANC's more morally abhorrent actions included necklacing people for violating boycotts and going to work, bombing civilian targets like Wimpy Burger, etc.
[deleted]
The ANC blew up women and children in schools, super markets, restaurants. They used car bombs to kill hundreds of civilians. The car bombs exploded and the explosions sent glass flying kilometers. They burned schools, busses, taxis, dozed people in petrol and set them alight if they didn't join in demonstrations. Chopped people into pieces with pangas, gang-raped women that resisted. They terrorized entire communities into resisting apartheid. Young children wore AK 47s. The USSR planted over 60 million land mines in Southern Africa. Millions of people lost their limbs, women and children.
If state they and their comrades fought for freedom, yet there was no democracy in Russia, no voting for parties. They wanted to nationalize everything, all property belonging to the state. Everyone working like slaves for the state with no property, no wealth. Were they freedom fighters or communist terrorists?
Let us not forget Operation Mayibuye.

http://www.anc.org.za/ancdocs/history/mk/mayibuye.html
&gt;He appears to be in reasonable health, but now makes far fewer public appearances.

i bet he's planning something. keep him on restriction!

lol but seriously, what were the people who put the anc on that list in the first place thinking???
the dresden firebombings of WWII?
&gt;That's not the same at all. The pope didn't actively participate in any of those atrocities.

but he's leader of a group that actively perpetrated said crimes. now what? cancel xmas?
and thereby linked to al qaeda's south africa chapter
No, no.  According to The Gospel According to The Right, it's only terrorism if it's done to us (America and sometimes our allies).  If we do it to Them, it's justice or self-defense or shits-n-grins.
Yes, at least initially.  Sharon should have been excluded at least until he answered for the 1983 Lebanon camps massacres.
I'm guessing the South African forces were distributing flowers to the black majority at the same time?  Not saying it makes it right but it does make it war.  And war is a collection of horrors.
Truth is that South Africans of all races have always had more to fear from blacks than whites when it comes to violence. That would explain *apartheid* on one hand and the tendency of black South Africans with means to move into largely white neighbourhoods. If violence by whites against black South Africans was as endemic as portrayed, blacks would not have wanted to move into previously all-white areas like Hillbrow.
AZAPO just became redundant. They weren't 'wiped out' by any means.
Yeah, that's what I thought. The fact that instead of responding to my request for evidence, ir_student decided to troll another post of mine convinces me that he is talking bullshit.
Nope, I'm right. The leaders of the BC movement even sought protection from the South African courts, much as they felt ashamed to do so, because they were so afraid of UDF attacks. Google is your friend.

http://www.doj.gov.za/trc/media/1996/9606/s960626g.htm

http://www.doj.gov.za/trc/special/udf/udf.htm
Don't be naive, do you really think the decline in AZAPO in the 1980's had nothing to do with the fact that UDF members were hunting them down and killing them? FFS.
No need to fling around epithets (unless you're South African: your hostility comes with the territory). That aside, you might be right. I don't know.
&gt; The leaders of the BC movement even sought protection from the South African courts, much as they felt ashamed to do so

Citation needed.

&gt; http://www.doj.gov.za/trc/media/1996/9606/s960626g.htm

is about attacks *by* AZAPO members.

&gt; http://www.doj.gov.za/trc/special/udf/udf.htm

does provide evidence that there were violent clashes between AZAPO and the UDF, which I never doubted, but - as far as I can see - does not demonstrate that AZAPO was "wiped out". Please point out the section where this is stated (if such a section exists).
They were eliminated as a political force, i.e. the ANC killed enough of them that the rest went into hiding. I read about the BC leaders going to the courts in a book by Rian Malan called "My Traitor's Heart", so I'm not sure where you could find info on that specific incident online.

Summary:
He was listed as a member of the ANC.
Maybe "The US placed travel restrictions on Nelson Mandela, because he was listed as a member of the ANC, and thereby a terrorist."
Which other "political forces in the black community" were wiped out violently by the ANC?
&gt;he's NELSON MOTHERFUCKING MANDELA

And?
I have put all that in the past, behind me.
(obviously)  The ANC was labelled a terrorist organization.
They weren't 'wiped out' by any means.
The pope didn't actively participate in any of those atrocities.
They were eliminated as a political force, i.e.
I liked it better when you said it in all CAPS.
The ANC systematically eliminated the "third force", i.e.
I'm guessing the South African forces were distributing flowers to the black majority at the same time?
Yeah, that's what I thought.
&gt; http://www.doj.gov.za/trc/media/1996/9606/s960626g.htm

is about attacks *by* AZAPO members.
&gt; The leaders of the BC movement even sought protection from the South African courts, much as they felt ashamed to do so

Citation needed.
They used car bombs to kill hundreds of civilians.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
