Original Response:
&gt;After a few minutes the driver calmly got up, opened the doors and asked everyone back on board. 

&gt;But they saw a rucksack lying on the floor of the red single-decker and feared he might be a fanatic. So they all refused.

Wow, just, wow...
Muslims have an absolute right to exercise their religion. And kill people. No one else does.
I wonder how the Bus Company is going to deal with this one?
What happens to a patient over there when prayer time hits during his surgery?

Does the surgeon just drop to the floor and start praying?

Do they have sterile prayer rugs, so he doesn't have to re-scrub?
[deleted]
That man's name, A Q Khan.
Can you find a source for this better than "The Sun" ?  Just maybe?
Except Jews in Palestine, Christians in Iraq, Hindus in India, etc etc
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;What happens to a patient over there when prayer time hits during his surgery?

of course just because this happened with the bus driver,it must mean that all muslims are this way.
the intelligence level on reddit seems to be pegged to the american dollar.
Muslims have demonstrated that they have a significant number of total fucking lunatics (e.g. Danish cartoons, Liveleak threats). Why take a chance?
Crap, if your diety is so inflexible that he can't wait a hour or two for your prayer, find a new deity.

And seriously, before clocks, "Noon" varied by the season depending on the sundial. So obviously Allah, at least in prehistory, had some flexibility.
Oh, i thought it was a Pastafarian...
I really would some other reference than The crappy Sun.
or the Dow.
[deleted]
Classify more than 1/6ths the worlds population over the actions of a relatively insignificant number of nuts?
Why are post titles like this written in an inflammatory manner?
Plus it is taken from The Sun newspaper (I use the term newspaper very loosely).
If true, i do think the situation to be somewhat ridiculous. However, sensational headlines and sources such as that used do not help to produce an informed opinion on any matter.
Islamically speaking there is a time and place for prayer however it can be withheld for a variety of reasons, one is if someones life is in danger, be it your own or someone elses and that spending five minutes to pray would end up with, well, death.

In the case of the bus driver what he did was irresponsible, yes his prayer is important however at the cost of other people who may very well have important dates? He should be fired for being so negligent, damn well he should be able to organize his schedule better than that.
The sun is the ultimate source.  Without it there would be nothing.  Show some fuckin' appreciation.
You're not a terrorist if you wear a uniform, you're "just following orders."
Dude. He kicked people off a bus to pray. He *is* one of the nuts.
It changes everyday. Noon prayer doesn't have to be 12 exactly. All 5 prayer times change according to sunset, sunrise, dusk, amongst other similar factors. Islam is flexible, I have classes  from 11 AM in the morning to 6 pm in the evening, I do not leave class in the middle of the lecture but instead do it either before or after each class, whichever is closer. You can't just "find" another deity, it's different for people who believe in religion. I'm assuming you're atheist and I fully respect that, I'm just trying to clear a few things up. What the bus driver did was wrong and probably saw it coming; attention whore.
I think the number of total fucking lunatics *per capita* is much higher in Judaism than other religions.
I never denied that.
Well, terrorists by definition aren't backed by, or state sanctioned. So while I know you were trying to be smarmy ... Yeah, you are right.
Sure, it's better to just lay down, relax, and let them have their way, right?
then how come the bus driver is Muslim and you're Christian?
huh?  ah OK, I see, the fact that I said "the number of total fucking lunatics per capita is much higher in Judaism than other religions" must mean that I am a total fucking lunatic.  Glad to know the mythology of Jewish innocence is alive and well notwithstanding the facts.  BTW I'm an atheist.
not withstanding the facts? LOL...good one.
If you're an atheist - well, ok, look, nobody's perfect
Ooh this goes so well with this post
http://reddit.com/info/6dufx/comments/
Probably just give him some route that gets three passengers or something to minimize disruption.
True. I think we are also getting too many Daily Mail stories but then I view ONE Daily Mail story as too many. I'll let off the Video Games Cause Photoshop Lameness one though....
What happens when the surgeon needs to pee?
The people weren't judging a random Muslim by the actions of one of the nuts, they correctly used the bus incident to classify him as a nut, and didn't want to take a chance at the extent / violent nature of his nuttitude. Perfectly reasonable.
I dont think there were any muslims in Chernobyl. 

It was full of "enlightened" atheists, namely Soviets.
I guessed it would be a Sun-worshipper guessing bye the websites adress. But i was wrong.
Fuck the sun, long live the motherfucking beast.
You know what - Fuck all you Abrahamic assholes: Christianity, Islam, and Judaism. Take your stupid violent racist fantasies to another fucking planet!
Im getting sick of posts like these. Some people were late for work. This is not reddit worthy, international news.
[deleted]
[deleted]
The guy's a twat.  The sun is also shit.
Just because somebody lacks one flaw doesn't mean they're perfect, and nobody is claiming this. What's your point?
&gt; Guess what religion.

Guess what tabloid. You have a choice from: The Sun, The Daily Mail.

They do completely make stories up. They made one up once about my mum and dad, describing the wonderful weekend they had in London, all-expenses-paid by The Sun as the result of winning a competition.

They didn't actually go until two weeks later.
The action of the bus driver and the reactions of the passenger are equally ridiculous in my opinion.
Maybe its the fact that Muslims are mainly concentrated in poor, oppressive countries where violence is more culturally acceptable?
Yes, clearly the religion itself is the problem.
Maybe its the fact that Jews lobby for millions to commit violence on behalf of a comparatively tiny number of Jews?

Summary:
He *is* one of the nuts.
then how come the bus driver is Muslim and you're Christian?
I think we are also getting too many Daily Mail stories but then I view ONE Daily Mail story as too many.
The sun is the ultimate source.
Can you find a source for this better than "The Sun" ?
I think the number of total fucking lunatics *per capita* is much higher in Judaism than other religions.
The sun is also shit.
He kicked people off a bus to pray.
What happens to a patient over there when prayer time hits during his surgery?
I wonder how the Bus Company is going to deal with this one?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
