Original Response:
[deleted]
Because I respect Romeo Dallaire, I'm taking the time to call B.S. on your inflammatory headline.

In this *one instance* we are acting as badly as al qaeda does with its detainees.

Romeo is always talking about how we should elevate our human rights to ALL people, regardless of political or religious affiliation.
http://www.piratesandemperors.com
&gt; Liberal Leader Stephane Dion said he disagreed with Dallaire's choice of words, and hinted the senator could be disciplined.

&gt; "This is a matter to deal with the (party) whip, and we'll deal with that," Dion told reporters. 

Nice example of political cowardice there Stephane.
&gt;"Is it your testimony that al-Qaida strapping up a 14-year-old girl with Down syndrome and sending her into a pet market to be remotely detonated is the moral equivalent to Canada's not making extraordinary political efforts for a transfer of Omar Khadr to this country?" he asked. 

It isn't a fucking contest, they're all having their basic human rights violated.
[deleted]
Good rule for Canadian politicians... never disagree with Romeo Dallaire... ever.
That's only if you agree that the people in other countries are worth as much as the people in America.
he's got a great point
Dallaire is boss. Canadians would rather follow Dallaire into a lie than a politician into a truth. Except politicians rarely tell the truth and Dallaire never lies.
[deleted]
Stephane Dion vs. Romeo Dallaire? Are you fucking shitting me? For me, as for all Canadians, Romeo Dallaire will always be an actual, real hero who sacrificed his mental health and his reputation trying to stop a massacre (which Kofi Annan allowed) and represents the best this country has to offer. Dion will always be just another fucking politician from Quebec who is Harry Reid to Harper's Bush. Fuck you Dion you worthless bitch. The reason Harper has been able to keep a minority government in power so long is because you're too much of a bitch to stand up to his budget or any of his other right-wing manoeuvering. ARGHHHH!!!!!

Sorry, politics in this country drives me fucking nuts. That's why I'm on Reddit.
Romeo Dallaire is a great man and unlike polititicans, he doesn't pander to the vote.

The headline misrepresents the subject.

As to the 14-year-old with Down's Syndrome, last time I looked, that story was false.

Even if it were true, it has nothing to do with a 15-year-old being tortured by the American military and held without a trial for 6 years.

If they have compelling evidence against him, why does the American military want to black out the daily logs before submitting them to the judge in this case?
Does Bush know there is a terrorist state right on our border? Invading Canada would be loads of fun. What are the mounties going to do, stage IED attacks? We are 2-0 against redcoats. Bring it on!
Canada, say it ain't so!
Romeo Dallaire said that? Well now I'm listening.
It's not even us, it's the Americans.

I say try him, convict him, and fucking keep him.
The Canadian dollar and the Greenback are currently at parity, so I guess they're both worth about the same (the people, not the currency).
Actually, the article is about Canada saying it is.
&gt; In this *one instance* we are acting as badly as al qaeda does with its detainees.

We're far, far worse.  How many bombs did we drop from 30,000 feet?  Then we go in there with tanks and machine guns.  Killing, raping.  Destroying an entire country.

Not to mention exporting our brand of terrorism around the globe to *numerous* other countries, propping up regimes we want, and getting rid of even democratically-elected ones if they wouldn't play ball.
I hope Omar Khadr gets executed, him and his entire family are fucking disgusting, they hate the western world yet they have no problem living here while they help terrorists
Romeo Dallaire is the real deal.  U.N. Force commander in Rawanda in 1993 - 1994 during the slaughter of the Tutsi's, he experienced first hand the Genocide of human life taken senselessly while the world stood idily by.  Read the book or watch the movie "shake hands with the devil" and you'll understand
But it's a helluva lot better than American politics.
"Liberal Leader Stephane Dion said he disagreed with Dallaire's choice of words, and hinted the senator could be disciplined."

Oh fuck you Dion, whenever I turn on parliamentary debate, you're asking for billions of dollars for Quebec. Shut the fuck up and go away.
[deleted]
I hope Mr. Dallaire knows that he should watch his back from now on.
That's why I'm on Reddit *too* :D
Actually, the US does as well... and just like Canada, those other parties have no chance in hell of winning at the Federal level.
I think Dellaire and Kenney are both a little extreme in their words. But then again, most Canadian politics is just like that; insults, insults, and more insults.

Just check out cpac.ca and watch a question period... damn I wish my job was that fun.
Power monopolizes over time.

There is a reason Revolution is a synonym for 'revolving'. Starting over. Full circle.

More at 11.
Dallaire is god.  After watching God's Tears (documentary on his experience in Rwanda) I have complete faith in his word.
But they do get a say
What a pessimist! All this cynicism is making me sick. If he were a glass-half-full type, he would say "US &amp; Canada are just as GOOD as terrorists."
I'd hate to be the poor bastard who tries sneaking up behind Romeo Dallaire.
Rather than so fully investing yourself into your disease, you could simply realize that you are effectively treatable with conventional antibiotics.
Ya, you're right. The power of a third party has brought the Canadian government down before. Recently, even. I'm not sure how I dismissed that.
Oh look, another Dion to dislike.
You guys already tried that in 1812.

Want some more?  Bring it, eh.
He's one of the few people who doesn't consider nationality when weighing the value of a human life.
Not true. Last I checked the NDP and the Bloc both have a sizable presence in parliament. That mean they get to sit on committees, review bills and vote on them. They have far more power than any third party in the U.S.

And currently, the Liberals wouldn't be able to bring down the Tories without the help of the Bloc and NDP. He's just too much of a coward to do it.
That's right. It'd be fun to burn Washington D.C. again.
I couldn't say enough good things about this man. He's a true Canadian hero. I was fortunate enough to see a lecture he gave this year, and it was a pretty cool experience.
That, and we have milk in clear plastic bags.
Haven't the NDP and Bloc Quebecois grown in size and influence over the last 20 years?
You can thank one of those other parties for Canadian universal health care. So yeah, they do have a chance in hell of winning.
&gt; just another fucking politician from Quebec

"from Quebec"?!? How the fuck is that relevant?
I've read Dallaire's book, Shake Hands with the Devil. It is required reading. And I just hope that most Canadians have the brains to realize when they're hearing the truth spoken plainly, and when they're being fed a bunch of bullshit. 

Shame on Dion. Shame on the Conservatives for pandering to Bush's shameless tyranny.
Totally going to buy that book after work tomorrow.

Thanks for the recommendation.
It's like the fresh parsley on a dish. It adds flavour!


j/k :)
You won't regret it.
I wish senators were elected so I could vote for this guy.
If you demand the conviction, why have the trial?

I hope nobody ever invades my country, bombs my house and kills half my family. But if they do, and I decide to throw a grenade at them after they have shot me in the back, they won't be big enough assholes to put me on trial for it. Not that anyone's proved Khadr threw a damned thing. But he was indeed shot.
Come on, guys, give desqjockey a break. He only meant 2-0 in the wars they WON.
[deleted]
[obligatory link](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7jlFZhprU4&amp;feature=related)
Look, I know it's a joke and part of the (annoyingly) incessant back and forth across the border, but...

It's just silly. They were British troops. Part of the Empire. Canada didn't exist yet. The yanks were still in diapers. This is the glorious moment of victory we *still* pretend makes us awesome?

Yeah so "Canadians" went and burned down D.C. Then the yankees, over the long term, took our sovereignty and turned us into a satellite state whose government is on a tight leash. *I* *think* *they* *won.*
Most people ignore the fact that there were three nations involved in the War of 1812: The United States, Britain, and Canada. Canada was a fledgling nation at the time, and many historians consider Canadians joining the militia to defend against the American invasion to be the first glimmer of nationalism, but we were still a nation.

Canada won the War of 1812. We successfully repelled an American invasion with the help of the British. The American invasion of Canada failed, and the British invasion of the United States also failed.

As for being a satellite of the American Empire, what do you expect? We're a sparsely populated nation with a huge border next to the world's current great empire. Most nations are in the very same boat we are, even the last great empire: Britain. I think the fact that we haven't been made the 51st State yet speaks volumes at our independence and tenacity. The best we can hope for is surviving beyond the inevitable collapse of the American Empire.
Canada wasn't created until 1867. You're playing with a very loose definition of "nation" and "nationalism" there.
I am always amazed at how any mention of US and Canada in the same sentence inevitably brings up the war of 1812 in Reddit comments. 

Let it go.
You're playing with an extremely narrow definition of "nation."
It's not so much cowardice as the liberals don't believe they stand a chance if they were to run another federal election. If there was a vote of non-confidence then their power in the parliament would be reduced. Mostly because no one in this country likes Stephane Dion. What the liberals are doing and are continuing to do is worse then being a coward.
[deleted]
Does not compute. They are terrorists.
I just sent the following email to my local (Liberal) MP:

&gt; Hello Mr. Pearson,

&gt; After reading this article http://ca.news.yahoo.com/s/capress/080513/national/khadr_dallaire I am writing you to say that I would be very disappointed if Gen. Dallaire were to be disciplined by the party for his remarks.  What he said was right on the money.  If our government is willing to infringe upon the basic human rights of its citizens for the sake of a kangaroo court then it is effectively performing Terrorist acts.

&gt; It seems as if Mr. Dion wants to distance himself from the remarks of Gen. Dallaire.  Personally, I think that reaks of the kind of political manouvering that has made me not want to vote for the Liberal Party in the past.  The Liberal Party needs to stand for something... something other than "take the positions that will make us popular enough to get elected."  Defending the basic human rights of Canadians sounds like a good place to start.

&gt; I understand if this email isn't going to change the entire policy of the Liberal Party, but I feel that you should know that you have constituents who view General Dallaire as a national hero, and that we admire him as a man of principle.  The Liberal Party should be embracing him and seeking his leadership, not distancing itself from him.
I'm sorry but us frogs in Quebec hate Dion even more than you do...
Shhh you're killing the ignorant American view on reddit that every other western nations runs perfectly.
[deleted]
Yeah, keeping in mind that Dallaire himself grew up in Montreal.
The other parties do stand a chance. NDP has won in saskatchewan, ADQ and Bloc are majority in Quebec. Conservatives and Liberals we already know.
 
 The lightweight party is the green party.

 Aside from this though, let me tell you the problem of Canada: it's not about too few choices. It's that choices don't overlap. Bloc Quebecois has no weight in Ontario or Alberta. And why should they?

 So the federal government always goes to the intersection of all local parties: i.e. Liberal or Conservative.
Dallaire doesnt need to pander vote because he's unelected. Appointed is ore like it.I wonder if Dallaire is jostling to become Governor General after Jean leaves and if there's a Liberal government in power.
What I don't understand though is why you're calling it inflammatory.

 Kenney did a pundit tactic and asked for a dichotomy on reality, and Dallaire answered perfectly on target: "If you want a black and white, and I'm only too prepared to give it to you[:] You're either with the law or not with the law. You're either guilty or you're not."

 Pray tell what is the flaw in his argument. Kenney made a stupid argument and got burned for it. What is inflammatory?
It's Canadwin's law.
As a fellow Canadian that thinks very highly of Dallaire, I just have to add: don't defend the 14 year old story. That's not the route of this argument.

 Kenney made a stupid statement, and Dallaire answered him perfectly articulately. There's no need to try and discredit the Down's Syndrome story when Dallaire's answer is sufficient even in the face of the Down's Syndrome allegation.
Did you read the article?
See thats a tough call. I have two friends who were deployed to Rwanda back then and they are both very critical of Dallaire and his leadership.

However, everyone back home sees him as a hero.  

*shrug*
Just sent the same to my MP: Martha Hall Findlay, we just voted her in.  Thanks for inspiring me to write in as well.
I don't demand it, just expect it.
[deleted]
Yes.
English Canadians are near universally racist against the Québécois.

Although they'd rather die a thousand deaths than ever admit this.
Of course, that's hardly unanimous among the Canadian Forces members deployed to Rwanda.  A guy I worked with who was in Rwanda with the Air Force considers Dallaire a hero and would probably beat the hell out of anyone who tried to claim otherwise to his face.

As for me, I'm a civilian at home who couldn't even finish *Shake Hands With The Devil* because it was too much of an ordeal, and I have a lot of time for Dallaire.  As far as I can tell, he is one of very few people in either of the Liberal or Conservative parties who has any real moral authority to speak about human rights.
I only remember this out east.  I've never seen it in Alberta.
Well then why call him a pessimist?

 He was asked by a sound bite loving pundit to take a side on a clearly subtle and difficult problem, and he answered marvelously well: if you must have a black and white dichotomy, then you're either abiding by the law or you're breaking it. There's no middle ground.
I was drawing attention to the fact that our choice of words contribute largely to the tone of a debate, and that anything can be made to sound reasonable according to words we elect to use. No that Dallaire was wrong, so to speak.
Relevant because if you look back, you'll see that Martin, Chretien, Mulroney and Trudeau were all politicians from Quebec. The province has had a virtual monopoly on the PMO's office for the last forty years (Joe Clark and John Turner don't count). What's the French-speaking population outside of Quebec? Maybe 15%? A lot less if you don't include Ottawa and its forced bilingualism. (Unlike Quebec and it's Bill 101 forced unilingualism)
I do not have any problem with Quebec or the Quebecois (and fully support their right to separate). From my experience, most Canadians like Montreal a whole lot. What I do have a problem with is this bullshit monopoly of continually selecting politicians from one province to accomodate those who LOST the battle on the Plains of Abraham.
We did let you choose the last one, but seemingly you cannot be trusted: you picked some sort of George W. Bush neo-poodle. Good thing a Québécois was in charge when we were offered to merrily go nation-building in Iraq. If you want us to stop exporting our balls, you have to learn to grow your own.
Antibiotics kill me.
They're a riot.

Summary:
It's not even us, it's the Americans.
I hope Mr. Dallaire knows that he should watch his back from now on.
The other parties do stand a chance.
That's why I'm on Reddit.
I say try him, convict him, and fucking keep him.
Stephane Dion vs. Romeo Dallaire?
He's a true Canadian hero.
Romeo Dallaire is the real deal.
Canada won the War of 1812.
What I don't understand though is why you're calling it inflammatory.
But they do get a say.
The power of a third party has brought the Canadian government down before.
Mostly because no one in this country likes Stephane Dion.
&gt; just another fucking politician from Quebec

"from Quebec"?!?
Actually, the article is about Canada saying it is.
I don't demand it, just expect it.
Good rule for Canadian politicians... never disagree with Romeo Dallaire... ever.
Canadians would rather follow Dallaire into a lie than a politician into a truth.
&gt; Liberal Leader Stephane Dion said he disagreed with Dallaire's choice of words, and hinted the senator could be disciplined.
I couldn't say enough good things about this man.
I'm sorry but us frogs in Quebec hate Dion even more than you do...
"Liberal Leader Stephane Dion said he disagreed with Dallaire's choice of words, and hinted the senator could be disciplined."
Conservatives and Liberals we already know.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.15
