Original Response:
&gt;The strikes took place during a heavy sandstorm. U.S. forces normally use helicopters to retaliate against fighters who target the Green Zone, but sandstorms prevent the helicopters from flying, letting fighters strike with impunity.

That is just fucking awesome
Bush couldn't liberate Iraqi's, so they took the matter in their hands.
yes, terrorists attempting to kill americans is fucking awesome
"terrorists" *rolls eyes*
I do regret the unnecessary deaths. But smart, under-equipped patriots fighting against an oppressor is ALWAYS awesome. BTW, this is what Americans did in 1775. The wheel has turned since then.
seriously. who is the real terrorist? someone fighting the occupiers of their country? or the "leaders" in our country shitting on the constitution. they hate us for our freedoms huh? well bushco. certainly took care of that one. just remember: a terrorist is someone with a bomb who doesn't have an air force.
I was just thinking, this is just like in Dune
But the surge...
Agreed.  Hats off for good tactics.

Adapt and overcome.

Would do the same thing if I was Iraqi.

FTW.
I think I just surged in my pants.
i don't understand why they cant level the place once they find their mark... are they low on ammunition or something?
Sure is.  I'm glad to see Iraqis are as patriotic as Americans.  Fight for your country boys, it's the most American thing you can do.
yes, I'm sure they took time off from blowing up dozens of iraquis shopping in the marketplace to do their patriotic duty and kill americans. fucking moron
What's the range on those rockets anyway? 10 miles or so?
You mean they're in the middle of a civil war too?  That's the American spirit!
Yeah! We'll make Iraq the next Alderaan! It's the perfect solution to our international challenges.
Pretty embarrassing really!
I upmodded because I thought it was.. sarcasm.  But it seems like a lot of people thought otherwise.
Yeah, right... Just fucking awesome they couldn't hit shit with their "brilliant tactics," LOL!!!
Well, there is the whole matter of the Fourth Geneva Convention...
To be fair, this is the least number of deaths the U.S. military has had in any April.

2003: 74,
2004: 135,
2005: 52,
2006: 76,
2007: 104,
2008: 40

[source](http://icasualties.org/oif/)

Hard to say if it is really a trend, and there are still a couple more days in the month, but the troops seem to be having a bit better of a time this year than in any previous one.
To be fair seven months ago al-Sadr ordered his men to cease fire.
Fake. Has to be. The 'greenzone' is completely safe. I know this because of the pictures of US Officials walking around with their own personal armies protecti.... escorting them.
700 rockets is not enough to level "the place"!
&gt;yes, terrorists attempting to kill americans is fucking awesome

While I think that this sucks -- the problem is never going to be resolved through military conflict, and blowing limbs off my country's soldiers is not good no matter what -- the Iraqi resistance involved are not terrorists.  Terrorists specifically target civilian, not military targets.  Guerrilla fighters, resistance fighters, insurgents, rebels , the enemy -- all possible, but they aren't terrorists.  Fox and some other pro-war media outlets have (unfortunately) been using "insurgent" and "terrorist" more-or-less interchangeably.  Makes for a nice mental connection to 9/11.
&gt;The 'greenzone' is completely safe. 

Why, it's [safe even in areas a good three minutes *outside*](http://thinkprogress.org/2007/04/01/mccain-iraq-stroll/) the Green Zone!
How is the US an opressor here?  We are trying to keep the peace...If the Iraqi's would stop killing each other we could go home TOMORROW.  

P.S. They mortar/rocket the green zone/airbase almost every day, why is this news?

-AF Pilot
Because during the 80's you propped up Saddam, gave him weapons and helped him gas his people.

Then in the 90's you decided to bomb the shit out of the Iraqi people but not bother about Saddam.

Then in the 00's you decided to bomb the shit out of the country again.

So yeah, the US is oppressing Iraq and has been for a long time. The only difference is now its publicly acknowledged that what is occurring is an illegal and immoral occupation of what was a sovereign nation.

What do you fly?
Like I would tell you...
Why not? I'm curious. Considering joining the air force where i live, or the reserves.
Agreed, comrade.
Look at my name and see if you still need to ask.  So let me get this straight, you post above about how the US is an oppressor, yet you want to become a part of the war machine? Does not compute.
Oh the Hercules. Big aircraft, I once walked through one of yours probably that flew over here for an air show. 

I'm not an American and my Air force isn't involved in the middle east, they mainly fly humanitarian operations.
So do I.
What's it like flying that monster of a plane? Is there much room in the cockpit? How do you stay focused on such long flights and where have you flown to? I remember seeing a galaxy fly overhead in Kuwait and wondering how something that heavy could fly. Amazing.
You think it is coincidence they did so after the surge? Going toe to toe with half the world's military spending being thrown at you is enough to make anyone in their right mind order a cease fire.
It's a blast I love my job...flew 5 hours today, and had to shut an engine shut down for an oversped-propellor.  Also had to dump 2000 gallons of jet fuel over central US (don't worry it evaportes before it hits the ground)  Coffee is key on long flights, plus being able to stand up and walk around, go to the shitter, etc.  I have flown all over the world, except the far east and Australia, haven't made it there yet.
So, $US 500 billion per annum is what it takes to extract a *cease-fire* from a handful of pissed-off sandy Arabs with a junket of cold war era light arms??

No wonder the US dollar is dropping in value.
You have no idea how envious I am. Alas, back to my studies I go. Enjoy your day my friend.
ROFL ya. come home tomorrow huh. not on commander cuckoo-bananas watch.
That same military wasn't arrayed against him in 03,04,05,06,07? al-Sadr called for his own reasons, the escalation may have had something to do with it but I wont take it on faith that it was his primary motivation.

Summary:
Would do the same thing if I was Iraqi.
That is just fucking awesome.
yes, terrorists attempting to kill americans is fucking awesome.
I was just thinking, this is just like in Dune.
Like I would tell you...
I'm glad to see Iraqis are as patriotic as Americans.
So yeah, the US is oppressing Iraq and has been for a long time.
Fight for your country boys, it's the most American thing you can do.
I think I just surged in my pants.
just remember: a terrorist is someone with a bomb who doesn't have an air force.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
