Original Response:
[deleted]
If only men could press charges after waking up next to a fat chick...
Wow. time and time again, this article excuses having sex with drunk women.  Sick.
Yeah, two consenting adults getting drunk and having sex? Those fucking adulterers deserve to burn in hell!
Yet another reason to save it for marriage, boys.
If they were both drunk then she has no case -- not even Australia is that retarded.
Jury nullification, boys.  The law isn't the law until your peers decide it's the law.
hoo u callen reta.....oooh a piece of string
Note to self: Dont rape anyone in NSW
Your headline is pretty misleading, it didn't actually happen. It's a scenario. A writing technique used for effect.
Voted up the only comment that has actually made me laugh out loud today.
I'm not touching this one with a 10-foot internet pole.
It's a common technique and I assumed it was hypothetical just from reading the headline.
This is why even with mutual consent, first-date sex should happen at *her* house, and it's important to remember to scoot home *immediately after*.

It's a lot harder for a psycho-bitch to claim rape if sex happens after several dates.
If she's drunk, she's incapacitated?  Well, so is he.  Put HER in prison, then.
"These new rape laws degrade women. They treat them as helpless victims, stripping them of the power to make decisions about sex after consuming alcohol."

That says it all.
Is it also advised to get her consent in writing, or perhaps having a secret video camera set up to document her consent and what the consenting leads to.
"No one knows whether a rape occurred that night when Laffranchi had sex with the woman."

Well I hope at lease ONE person knows.
Why?
it's harder to date a psycho-bitch twice just to fuck her.
of course, going through that kind of consentual process is pretty much a turn off.
what, getting women drunk?
or married women.  man are they horny.
Yeah, then I would be a 'victim' instead of 'that guy' among my friends.
Because some women are heartless bitches that would rather see a man go to prison for 20 years of his life rather then think of themselves as a sluts.
So trying to get consent is a great way ensure that you don't get it... interesting.
What I just don't get is how the hell anyone would have the gall to claim rape just to defend her obviously warped sense of dignity?

Maybe I'm in the minority, but the opinions of others rarely influence my view of myself.  Award me, persecute me; it doesn't matter - I know myself.  No court trial will change my sense of self.
LOL.  You've come to the WRROOONGGG website, lady.

Besides, why wait till marriage when people are in committed relationships *right now*?
Or you could simply fuck the sluts.
If they call you "that guy," they aren't your friends.
"Scenario:"
You're quite right! Then, after having a one-night stand, you can be sent to prison, placing the decision about whether to end your marriage over adultery in the state's hands rather than your spouse's, and denying any children a parent.

edit: Oh, so redditors prefer the state get involved in our personal lives here?
No, this *didn't happen*. It's hypothetical, and while it's certainly plausible, this headline presents it as an actual event.
Well, they also can't get DUI's now either.
Ok, help me out here. At her house so it's clear she invited you in? Why scoot home immediately?
The laws did happen.
Thanks, Dane.
Way better to not tell her your name, where you live, or where she can find you. Just get her number and when you're sure she won't go apeshit you can call her back.
Beats me.

There used to be a girl in high school that hung around with a few friends in my circle.  Wasn't attractive (wasn't unattractive either, just meh) that used to be just a bit aggressive on the flirty side (downright grabby actually).  She was reasonably bright, in top-tier courses and a few AP's at that.

In college she had said one-night stand when she was hammered.  Didn't want to own up that she slept with someone below her standards.  So she claimed forced entry and rape by an unknown.  This created a hell of a stir on a campus with about 12,000 undergrads.  Security was racheted way up (you got carded everywhere you went after 4PM, which was downright annoying).  Gals were a bit paranoid.

Her story didn't check out.  Was found to be lying.  Uni expelled her within mere hours.  Last I saw her she was working at a convenience store.
Reason number two why you always keep a deep grave on hand.
while others would rather kill a man's soul over 20 years and take half his stuff rather than think of themselves as golddiggers.
...because it's a one-night stand?
http://youtube.com/watch?v=0Wq5udytRN0
[deleted]
What's reason number one?
&gt; a secret video camera 

With a direct feed to youtube.  Just to be sure.
[deleted]
Because you're done. Why would you stay?
Do the laws specify "women" or could a man wake up and claim he was raped as well?
&gt; Note to self: Dont *date* anyone in NSW

here,  I fixed it for you.
if they don't call you "that guy that fucked a fat girl", then they aren't your real friends
Don't get drunk and have sex with someone for the first time. Sounds like common sense to me.
No, read it again. This is what actually happened to Anthony footballer Laffranchi - well, at least, it's one interpretation of the testimony at his trial.

It has indeed *actually happened* on many occasions, a woman "crying rape" like this.

As the headline says: *Under new rape laws introduced in NSW, that man is* likely *to be convicted.*
I think if both parties are too drunk to legally give consent they should both be sent to jail for rape. That makes sense right?
Wellll if you really want to get into details. .. I'm known as The Captain for my... well.. natural ability to haul in the biggest of catches.
Additionally, women are generally more comfortable being jammed at their own house (provided she's comfortable enough to take you there).
Naturally, you would need to have back-ups of such important data. Preferably, several back-ups distributed on the internet.
s/rape/fuck/
Well, do you *like* heavy women?  Because in all seriousness, if you do, forget what they think.
Nah.  I should mention that before each catch I'd drank right up to the limit of my abilities/intestines.
Wow.  Major props to whichever university that was, that's EXACTLY how someone like that should be dealt with, seriously.
i was just about to ask if anyone knew that video, thanks!
&gt; Maybe I'm in the minority, but the opinions of others rarely influence my view of myself.

I think you definitely are in the minority there... I don't think there are many people who can honestly say they don't care what the rest of the world thinks about them. Not that I'm saying it's ok to do this kind of thing because you want to save face, but I think that some sense of caring about how others perceive you is pretty fundamental to most people.
Ah.  So...don't drink as much?
I don't think telling your friends you were involved in the act of rape with a fat chick would be a good idea if you like keeping your social standing, whether you're 'that guy' or 'victim'.
[deleted]
Yeah, maybe... but then you and ... who would make it happen? ;)
[deleted]
Thanks, I didn't make the connection.
Western civilization is getting totally destroyed.
Not incapacitated unless he can't get it up. That's the rule.
Do they have the means to do that in Australia?
I'm curious to see the law in question if it only refers to victim and assailant or if it specifies man/woman. The aricle makes it seem as though the new law clearly specifies a woman as a victim... I find this somewhat specious.  anyone with a link to the law in question?

If a drunk man and drunk woman have consensual sex and the drunk woman calls it rape on that grounds, the man should be able to do likewise...

could both parties be guilty of raping the other for a lack of "positive consent" from both parties?
I could be wrong, but isn't this an Australian paper? I'm not sure they have Jury Nullification down there. That also means that up here in the States, we don't have to worry about this law... yet. Similar laws have been drafted in some states however, so it's a good idea to check your state laws on the matter.
(sorry to reply to myself)
found it [here](http://www.legislation.nsw.gov.au/maintop/search/inforce) (Crimes Act 1900 No 40)

(2) Meaning of consent:
A person consents to sexual intercourse if the person freely and voluntarily agrees to the sexual intercourse.

...

(6)  The grounds on which it may be established that a person does not consent to sexual intercourse include:
    (a)  if the person has sexual intercourse while substantially intoxicated by alcohol or any drug,

...

Two "substantially intoxicated" people seem to be raping each other.
I agree with you.

I thought it was a real story as well until I clicked it and read the first line about it being a scenario.

Not gripin', just sayin'.  :-)
This is social conservative hysteria at its worst. Conviction rates for rape in Australia are exceptionally low, and prosecutors struggle to obtain convictions even when the evidence is exceptionally clear. Anyone can conjure up some ridiculous scenario featuring a vengeful woman but the reality is rape is UNDER-reported in Australia.
Or "...and _scene_."
Haha, yes. :)
Being drunk wasn't why you dropped the soap.
Go die whore:)
It's underreported pretty much everywhere.
How did they find out she was lying?
Why would anybody have downvoted by MyrddinE's comment?
My local newspaper, after you get done crawling up the corp food chain to the top corp. masters... is owned by Warren Buffet.  Should I assume any article in it is written by and for Warren's businesses and friends - no matter how well written and intelligent the piece may be?
Obviously the only solution to this unbalanced 'game' is to kill every woman you sleep with, out of fear she will lie to the police.
Common sense gets you downmodded on Reddit, apparently.

When women go out with the intention to get drunk, they have two options:

1) Go with trusted friends who will ensure that they get home safely and **alone**

2) Go without precautions and risk picking up or being picked up.

If they choose option two, then they are willingly placing themselves in a situation where they can be taken advantage of.  Men who pick women up for one night stands assume that they are like minded individuals at the bar to hook up.  Putting these guys in jail for a woman's lack of judgement is not at all justice.
it's a conspiracy!
Wondering about that scene in "Clerks", with the dead guy in the bathroom...
no
"Now, the man is effectively deemed to have knowledge of lack of consent if there are no reasonable grounds for believing consent was given. And it gets worse. When asked to determine whether the man had no reasonable grounds for believing the woman gave consent, the jury must ignore the fact that the man was drunk."

This makes sense.  You're responsible for your behavior whether you are drunk or not.  To claim otherwise would be like excusing bad driving because the driver was drunk!

It also makes sense to require active consent.

I don't like the idea of that consent being negated by alcohol, but this article hasn't convinced me that this would happen.  It seems unlikely if both parties were equally drunk.  The author seems a little paranoid.
no such [specification](http://reddit.com/info/6hthx/comments/c03vuw6) only "person"
Laws should generally be blind to gender /race / sexuality etc, when we start describing patterns of thought rather the acts that follow them you have a decidedly wrong and unjust way of being starting to happen. Just take the race hate laws, what is the need, if your offensive to someone there are laws against that already , if you beat someone up there are laws against that as well. We dont need any more of this bullcrap.

How can you have a law that treats gender completely differently, I thought the women s movement would want equality not a special treatment that will ultimately garner much more ill-will towards their movement.
Could both the man and the woman both be convicted of rape than if they both wake up and regret it?
Let's analyze this from a law and economics perspective.  If a woman wants to have sex she can either consent and have sex, or make herself unable to consent and then have sex.  If she consents then she has no bargaining chips, but if she is unable to consent then she can always charge the guy with rape and extort money, a future relationship, silence or whatever she might want.  So the economically rational thing to do is always make yourself unable to consent before having sex because then you get sex plus a  bargaining chip rather than just sex.  I'm not saying women will actually think like this, but the incentives it creates are horrible.
Funny, I read that as: Don't rape anyone NSFW.
That's good advice too.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I imagine a good prosecutor could argue that.
It also implies that everyone is relieved of responsibility when drunk, including murder.
&gt; I could be wrong, but isn't this an Australian paper?

theaustralian.news.com.au ... shit I think you are right.
I believe I understood that.  It's sort of like the Australian version of USA Today IIRC from my visit to your fair-land.   But my point is this... I judge an article or news segment on it's own merits first.   Rupert owns FoxNews in the United States... which often is a right-wing house organ for the White House.   (Really, that's normal best case scenario for judging FN) but the still every now and then do some real journalism.  Things I even will agree with. 

This piece seems to make sense on the face of it.  It doesn't appear to be a hit piece supporting anything other than what it is directly addressing.   We have seen the same general issues in the United States - false claims of rape are bad.    I think reading more into it than is there is really a stretch in this case.
What a good point. I really hope someone has the balls (well maybe not the balls, but the guts) to test this out.
LISTEN. Women don't just "Claim" rape because they regret a one night stand. WTF who would do that, why would you put yourself through that. I claim bullshit.
Rape wasn't even a crime until recently.  It was seen more as an affront to the male relatives of the women in question.  For whatever reason the pendulum keeps moving in a single direction.
[deleted]
It's like Linus always says.

Real men don't keep backups. They just upload it to FTP and let the rest of the world mirror it.
it happens.
PROTIP: That's the joke.
How do you tell them apart?
If the state punishes people for being stupid I  would spend most of my life in jail. You'd probably occupy the cell next to me for that comment.
If they want to fuck you with out knowing your name they are a slut.

If they require a dual core processor to compute the number of men/women/other they have been with they might be a slut.

If they want to fuck you within 60 minutes of meeting you they are a slut.

If you meet them on AFF they are a slut.
Aww, my traceroute was only 9 hops
" It is a curious law that says alcohol only affects the cognitive abilities of women."
It is a curious law that says alcohol only affects the cognitive abilities of women.
Being a life long light weight with alcohol, except for some intensive training in college, why is it assumed that I know more about wtf I'm doing while wasted that the girl I'm with does?
He must have had either a tiny hard drive or a blazing internet connection or both.
May as well just rape her then.
The Reddit commentors make their misogyny known again; you people make me sick.

There IS in fact a simple solution: Don't sleep with drunk chicks.  Alcohol isn't consent.  It isn't consent before, during, or after.  If she's drunk, she can't consent.  If she can't consent, it's rape.  It's really that simple.
I agree, she's barely one step behind Miranda Devine at SMH.com.au for the Howard-lovin, "pander to people who are paralyzed with fear by anyone who threatens to raise the interest rate on my home loan" crap.

But surely in this case she has a point. Surely you've met at least one woman that would be amoral enough to target some guy they deemed a "player" and then set him up for rape, probably justified to themselves as doing the sisterhood a favour. I can think of half a dozen.
erm, it appears to me as if the men are the victims of this law, not the women
Jury nullification is a tradition from English common law. It's practiced in most of the former British colonies.
Only women. Men are still responsible, apparently.
Dating Under the Influence of Alcohol?
I don't think it says that.

I read it as: if the woman's "too intoxicated", there are no reasonable grounds for consent. 
FWI won't be any more accepted than DWI.

(edit:  ... which I think sucks.)

(edit again:  let me explain: if a woman's too intoxicated to make an informed choice, don't have sex with her!  That's rape.  

However, being intoxicated should *not* be a legitimate excuse the day after. A heartfelt "yes" should not be able to be changed to a "no".)
I guess we can legally drive drunk since we're no longer responsible for the decisions we make while we're intoxicated.
Fine, than I can kill people while drunk because I didn't really do it, I mean, I was drunk.

And what makes you think the guy was sober? How is her having sex drunk ok but him having sex drunk is not?
They raped her, and she didn't know how to react.
So what would be wrong with posting with the preface: **New Law Means:** ?  Kat is pointing out a bad headline, not an outright Wrong headline.  Or do you disagree that it's not misleading?
Equal rights my ass. Women don't need to sign up for the draft. Women don't need to ask the father if he is okay with an abortion even though the child is as much his as it is hers. The law stated in this article is as much degrading to women by saying they aren't capable of making decisions as it is to men. This law basically states that men have no say in the law. Rape is almost always a he said she said case. This law makes it a she said, his opinion doesn't matter case.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[it does happen](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,194032,00.html)
(i know it's fox news, but it does link to an actual study)
[deleted]
The labia. (Or "Labe", for short)
s/anyone in NSW//
But it's only the woman whose consent is needed. If the man is drunk, he doesn't have the same recourse.

I'd say it's exactly what the parent comment says it is. Sexist and patronizing.
Yeah, but men? Who gives a shit? If you want support, you've got to find an angle that involves women or children.

But seriously. This is bullshit for men and women both. You don't have to be wrongly sent to jail to be wronged.
White heterosexual men, yes.
Let's hope we find some labies to test this out.
I don't know about "white". I can't think of a country where they give non-whites special priveleges as far as criminal prosecution goes, but yeah, straight is a given.
but what about when the man is intoxicated too?  how is he supposed to "consent" or expect to be held responsible since there are, arguably, no reasonable grounds for him to be "responsible" at the time.

If the man is not excused for being intoxicated as well, then I_Bevis' point is basically true, that it is up to the men to remain sober an responsible around women who drink.  The safest and only way to be sure he will not succumb to sex while he is intoxicated is to not drink where women drink...like at a gay bar.

Speaking of gays, how come gay guys aren't also covered under this perception of the law unless it really is meant to cast women as perpetual victims?
exactly, as much as some may scoff, there are plenty of times when a guy doesn't want or doesn't intend to have sex, but the girl seduces him.  I think, to some extent, this is what some women--if the roles are reversed--would call date rape.
I don't see how straight is a given, the relieved parties are women, in a gay situation, I think few would have sympathy for a drunken tryst.
If you're drunk it won't be murder, but it's manslaughter whether you meant to do it or not.  Bad analogy.

And if he wants to sue her for rape, he's welcome to.  He hasn't taken the opportunity, which seems to imply that he believes he consented to it.  Whether he did or didn't is largely irrelevant if he declines to press charges.
no
asshats, all of them
Because the problem is the sexual inequality. In a gay/lesbian relationship the inequality disappears. Both men will apparently be in control when drunk, or both women will be simpering victims.
right!  a double standard that favors men's superiority at self-control!
only if you're a woman
or a sense of humor
that's the road that we're heading down.  I expect that civilization has 100-200 years left.
I was already doing that, now I don't feel so bad about it
Shut up, Karen.
DOCTOR GRAVITY
Whilst this story is interesting, This is the Australian. It's becoming a bit of a conservative rag. Better to check sources than accept anything printed in the australian as fact.
I think this very much depends on the circumstances.

For instance, this law would seem to be a bit reasonable in a scenario where some guy (who remains sober)sets out with the intent of liquoring up a girl so he can get in bed with her later.

I could be wrong, but I think it is considered rape in the states if this is done with other drugs.
I think they tried (or succeeded?) to bring similar laws in in the UK
I've definitely been seduced, and if I were vindictive I could claim rape and get some money.  My reputation would be impugned, but so would hers.
This is not a particularly new development. 

In most common law jurisdictions, rape is a general intent crime. That is to say, the mental state required to be guilty of the crime is one in which a reasonable person would have been aware of the substantial and unjustifiable risk that the elements of the crime would have been met (here non-consent).

Put succinctly, this law (and the law in most places) allow a defense of an honest and reasonable mistake as to consent, but not one that is honest but unreasonable. 

And since intoxication is not a defense to cases where a reasonable mistake is needed, a drunk guy is not more allowed to make such a mistake than a sober reasonable one. 

If you think about it, it's not terribly unfair at all. It simply prevents drunk people from having greater leeway than sober reasonable people to commit crimes that the reasonable person would obviously recognize as criminal.
One day soon men will be able to bring a fetus to term. Its always been biologically possible, just not a very good idea. One day the kinks will be ironed out and then men who want to keep the baby can do so without a woman having her body hijacked for nine months. If you were in that scenario would you volunteer?
&gt;Its always been biologically possible, just not a very good idea.

Umm, do you know anything about biology?
Do they have juries?
Why is alcohol clouding a woman's judgement seen as reasonable, but not it clouding a man's? If a woman can't make a good decision while drunk, then why should a man be expected to?
Alcohol is a drug. If you consensually consume it you assume the consequences of having done things you might later regret.
Preempt rape claim.
is this the new standars for DUI's, then?
Being underreported doesn't necessarialy relate to its being under prosecuted, I'd also like to know how that statistic quantifies rape in order to show its underreported. 

But the point is you can't use bad legislation to fix a problem. thats just as bad as the original problem. It should be well thought out and just. By trying to protect women this law makes men the patriarchal protectors of woman from themselves and thats wrong. In a free society people are supposed to take responsibility for their own actions, not expect others to do it for them.
Can't speak for Australia, but in Canada jury nullification is explicitly legal, thanks to the "Morgentaler Amendment".

From [wiki](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abortion_in_Canada)
...Public outcry over the appeal court's decision caused the federal government to pass a law (commonly known as the Morgentaler Amendment) preventing appeal courts from overturning a jury's not-guilty verdict. Morgentaler was again acquitted at a third trial, causing the Quebec government to declare the law unenforceable.


That's right, folks.  In Canada abortion is legal because of jury nullification.
Very well written article and good argument for how ridiculous some legal systems have become.
Yes. I do. A womb is not necessary to bring a fetus to term. The fetus will bind to whatever it comes to rest against. The problem is that it causes uncontrolled blood vessel growth that could kill a person if they grow in the wrong places. Also the fetus jiggling around on the flesh will cause tearing which could be deadly.
I'm not going to debate the social research methodology here. Let me just put it this way: Janet Albrechtson is Australia's Ann Coulter; you can't take her reading of the legislation as an accurate summary of the changes. All the new legislation does is create a legal presumption that if someone is too drunk to speak, they're also too drunk to give consent. That isn't controversial.
And whilst I agree with your views on the paper and the journalist you lose credibility because you are playing the man and not the ball.  Even if this journalist was an absolute fuckin dipshit who couldn't find her tits with both hands the law would still be wrong.
But that's not where this law ends.  If the woman is drunk she's incapable of consenting, but if the man is drunk, he is still guilty?

Why can't a drunk woman be guilty?
Any person over 21 is assumed to have the legal capacity to know their alcohol limit.  They will be held responsible for driving drunk, for signing contracts while drunk, for making large, silly purchases or donations while drunk, or whatever else.



*unless otherwise incapacitated, by debilitatingly low intellect, for instance.
You're looking at it the wrong way.

Look at it from the perspective of a jury.  You have a case before you where the man says it was consensual, that she was not that drunk, and the woman who says it was nonconsensual rape.

Rape is a serious crime, serious allegation.  To be convicted of it there must be proof beyond a reasonable doubt.

A law like this means that a man who has consensual sex with a woman has *absolutely no defense* against a rape conviction.  This summary from another article says it all:

&gt; Those who do not have the capacity to agree to sex, including through intoxication, will not be able to legally give consent under the draft Bill.

Sorry, but you *can* consent to sex while drunk.  If you wake up the next day and feel bad about it, sorry, but it's not now rape.

A crime absolutely cannot be defined by how someone feels about the situation much after the fact.  If you through some magic obtained a video of the alleged rape, and we're saying it was an actual rape, it had better be obvious to the jury it was rape.

These new laws mean that when any two drunk people have sex, and the woman feels bad about it the next morning, she can convict the guy of rape, even if such a video of them having sex would show them both having a good time.  Because she couldn't legally give consent because she was drunk.

It's just nonsense to call any situation "rape" in which both people consented at the time, and willingly imbibed any involved mind-altering substances.

Let's say I have a magic pill that, when you take it, makes you become so overwhelmed with desire that you enthusiastically agree with *anyone's* attempts to have sex with you -- you're super sex charged.  I give it to you and you know what it is.  Your boyfriend is coming over later that night, and you take the pill about 30 minutes beforehand (you think it will be fun).  15 minutes beforehand the man who lives next door knocks on your door to tell you that you left your car lights on.  Powerless under the effects of the pill, you invite him in and have sex with him.  No law would legally define you as being able to consent to sex at the time you had sex; however, it is still clearly not rape.

I guess what I'm saying is that the amount of alcohol in someone's body is their responsibility.  It's totally fine if you want to get yourself plastered and have sex with strangers, but not fine to say you were took drunk to consent.

I'm **not** saying that if someone is drunk you can rape them; I'm just saying that for it to be rape, the victim must not have given apparent consent at the time.  If the 'victim' placed herself in the state of mind to make bad decisions (such as with whom she would have sex), that is purely her own responsibility.

Seriously think about what kind of burden this law would place on men.  You're about to have sex with a woman.  Do you even **know** if she's drunk?  What if she's taken some *other* drug that affects her thinking?  There is no way to know.  **Verbal consent of the victim to the defendant should always be a sufficient defense against rape charges.**
[who's oppressing who?](http://reddit.com/info/6hubr/comments/)
Can a man consent while drunk, or is only a woman so debilitated?
You have a penis.  Just admit your guilt, and accept what is done to you.
Rape was acknowledged as a crime worthy of death in the Pentateuch. Arguments about the veracity of the bible aside, the document has existed for thousands of years.

&gt;"But if in the field the man finds the girl who is engaged, and the man forces her and lies with her, then only the man who lies with her shall die. 26"But you shall do nothing to the girl; there is no sin in the girl worthy of death, for just as a man rises against his neighbor and murders him, so is this case. 27"When he found her in the field, the engaged girl cried out, but there was no one to save her," (Deut. 22:25-28).
Truthful women do not.  Sadly, not all women are truthful.
Have her sign a pre-coit after she submits a clean breathalyzer before a certified fornication  authorization verification administration worker.
&gt;You're responsible for your behavior whether you are drunk or not. 

Only if you're male.

That's the rub.
Contract law in the united states: contractual obligations are effective even if the person intoxicated themself.  However, if you coerce or force someone else to intoxicate in any fashion, the contract can be voided.  Do the women willing get drunk? Yes.  They are responsible for what they do while drunk.  Devil advocate: Does a man's buying the woman's drink constitute coercion? I think not.
How well it get the hormones it needs in the precise doses and times required? How will it get nutrients? How will waste be removed? How will it be protected? These are just a few issues.

Maybe its possible to implant a fetus in a man and have it survive for a short time. However, it is not currently possible for a man to bring a fetus to term. One day, with technology, it may be possible, but if it were today I promise you someone would've done it.

In the meantime, I wouldn't mind watching Jr. again.
yeah. thats why i said "one day soon" ...
&gt;No court trial will change my sense of self.

Maybe.  Maybe not.  A trial court may find you criminally insane.   A trial court, having done so, might authorize the nonconsensual administration  of electroshock therapy, or Prozac, or Wellbutrin, or some other drug.
Well, that's good to know. However, the news article relates to Australian law.
Sounds like what a rapist would say.  There needs to be an understanding that no one should go out get drunk and have sex.  I know it is easier to take advantage of someone in that state, but try to resist your predatory urges would you?
Also,  Iam no religous zealot.  I think that everyone should get naked and phuk.  I think that this is one acception though.  Few things good come from this schenerio, usually both parties are overwhelmed by regret.
But it's illegal to argue it in US courts.  The Judges often specifically advise juries NOT to do it.
&gt;in Canada jury nullification is explicitly legal, 

Can lawyers explicitly ask for jury nullification?
[deleted]
Theres another editorial in the australian.  thats of interest here. I'm not saying that its an authoritative fisking. I think its just as dishonest as the first.

http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,23630269-7583,00.html

As usual their idea of journalistic ethics is to give two sides of the same coin an opportunity to make their appeals and call it moderation. 

Two statements in the article stands out for me

&gt;It has been a legal principle for many years that if someone was so intoxicated that they didn't have the capacity to say yes or no to sex, then no consent can be given. Having sex with someone in these circumstances is rape.

and

&gt;In fact, the court still considers the state of mind of the accused but places an added requirement. It asks if someone's state of mind was reasonable.

The question is what defines legal capacity to consent and is the fact that the "offending" party could have been too drunk to reasonably judge that consent has been given given as much weight that the victim was not able to reasonably judge what they were doing?

I'd have thought that if a person has been intoxicated into unconsciousness then it would already be a crime to have sex with them. I doubt such a loophole has been allowed to exist for so long, so I don't think this legislation is about that.

If a person is too drunk to speak then of course they cant give consent, I think you're being disingenuous. If a person is too drunk to "know better" then we're still right back where we started.
&gt;But it's illegal to argue it in US courts. 

Citation needed.

You may want to read http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury_nullification#Court_rulings
If a woman can't make reasonable decisions while drunk, then it also means she can make a reasonable decisions before getting being the wheel of a car while drunk.  Thus, it's not DUI if she is drunk since she can't reasonable held accountable for her actions during the time of intoxication.

Actually what I THINK this law is suppose to do is to keep frag guys from gang banging some passed out freshmen girl.
I HATE YOU MILK MAN DAN
Actually, that loophole has existed ever since the UK House of Lords case of DPP v Morgan, in which it was held a defendant's honest belief in consent was a defence to a charge of rape, even if the belief was objectively unreasonable. The new legislation inserts that requirement of reasonableness, and that's normally going to be found in evidence of words or actions indicating consent; in their absence it's very hard to find the belief was reasonable. Like I said, it's not controversial, apart from the fact a whole bunch of social conservatives (including judges) think it's controversial.

[edit: typo]
You could grow it in a tube.
LOLZ.  MEN DON'T HAVE VAGNIAS!  How many times do I have to say this on Reddit?

Secondly, to give birth; men would have to poop the babies out because they don't have any other holes down there.  Now you tell me, is pooping babies sounds like a good idea to you?
http://www.caught.net/juror.htm

http://209.85.173.104/search?q=cache:6CnKxpcqTLYJ:www.constitution.org/2ll/2ndschol/131jur.pdf+argue+jury+nullification+illegal&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;cd=19&amp;gl=us&amp;client=firefox-a

actually, the wiki argues quite nicely.

Perhaps I should have said, "Many US Courts.'
hot.
Women are smart when it comes to guys.  They know 60 tricks this side of Tuesday on "trapping" a guy in a relationship if they want to.  Most of the time they don't, the reason being - would you want to be in a relationship with someone that doesn't like you but only stays with you out of fear/blackmail/guilt/other ?
He raped me.  No officer, she raped me!
?? Everyone knows woman can't drive even when they're sober!
Much of that story was repeated at my University a few years ago: girl abducted from off the street, blindfolded in car, raped, dropped back on street and left. However, the university didn't enact any draconian measures before checking out her story. Unfortunately for her, the "kidnapping" point was under videotaped surveillance... which showed no kidnapping. Last I heard the police  were looking into some kind of prosecution for making false statements to law enforcement.
Why do all the rape stories get so many upmods on reddit?
[deleted]
Eh, too technical. Flaps maybe? Kinda sounds a bit like chops, which would work too. We need someone with the flaps to try this.
So now recording your sex action is mandatory?
Yes, this quote says it all. Understanding that women have legal power over men, the author makes a pathetic attempt to kiss up to them. It's less scary than standing up against their monstrous ideology.
Lesson learnt: Don't be honest to women, never.
A wife can't accuse her husband of rape?
That is seriously the funniest thing I have ever heard.
[deleted]
Your comments are all inane.  Please just stop.
7 proxies?
&gt;Sounds like what a rapist would say.

Or someone that believes in personal responsibility.  I believe the rape is one of the most disgusting and evil crimes in the world, and would gladly see all of the rapists in the world rot in the deepest, darkest cells of the gulag.  But a one night stand is **not rape**.

Women are equal in intelligence and judgement to men.  They are fully capable of making mature and wise decisions and taking care of themselves.  But a woman going on a wild bender alone, or without the company of trustworthy friends is willingly and knowingly putting herself in a position in which her judgement is impaired, and in which she can be 'taken advantage of' by any reasonable charismatic man.

Now, if such a man were to rape her while she was drunk, I would advise throwing the book at him and letting him enjoy the flip side of rape in jail.  That is justice.  Sending a man to jail for what anyone would reasonably believe to be consensual sex...that is **not** justice
[deleted]
That falls in there with the she shouldn't have worn that dress excuse to me. People who take advantage of people when they are weak are predators, their is nothing else to it.
I guess this hypothetical problem is upsetting to most Redditors because they were planning on using it to get laid.
This is really getting romantic.  Are you sure you aren't a fat chick for him?
Also if a woman signs up for a subprime mortgage while drunk she can cancel later.
I'm waiting for a cop to give me the boner test the next time I get pulled over.
Sounds like you've had some bad experience with the ladies.

I'd like to think the good cards are all in my hand.
I love it how all these women talk about "equal rights" and how they're just as smart, strong, and capable as a man..........until they fuck something up.

Then it's "OOOOOOOHHHHHHH I'm just a helpless WOMAN!!!!  I can't be responsible for my actions!!!!"

So let me get this straight: we have to treat you as equals, but you still get to play the "weaker sex" card.  Nuh-uh, sorry ladies.  You wanted equality, you're going to have to accept the responsibility it comes with.
That seems to be a crime against her fiance more than her if she has to be engaged.  Or is it a mistranslation?
How do you manage to summon the mental facutlies necessary to breathe?
That's why pedos do it.
Why are girls never up for article 20! COME ON!
Thats my game in a nut shell
edit: It takes two to tango.
"Looking into?"  She should get as much of a sentence as the fictitious rapist would have.
Conviction rates for rape are very low.  This doesn't automatically mean that lots of rapists are getting away with it.  What it actually means is that under pressure from feminist groups, any allegation of rape is prosecuted.  

Since most of the time it's not even certain that a crime was committed, and the only witness to the alleged crime was, by her own admission, intoxicated, it's not surprising there's no conviction.  What is surprising is that with such a small amount of evidence, anyone bothers to prosecute.
&gt;People who take advantage of people when they are weak are predators, their is nothing else to it.

And you are assuming that these men are taking advantage of weak prey.  Men, and women, go to bars to have a good time and hook up for a quick fling.  They go in, drink, have fun, and look for a willing partner, have consensual sex, and part peacefully afterwards or in the morning.  Their is nothing predatory about that.  It is, in the vast majority of the time, what both parties want.

Now, if a socially ignorant woman gets caught unawares and **consents to sex** while drunk, then she has my sympathy.  But in no way would I support her charge of **rape**.

I as said before, rape is a disgusting and evil crime of agression.  When I picture rape, i picture a woman waylaid on a dark path, gagged, and lightly beaten while the aggressor has forced intercourse.  Such rapes have occured on my campus during my tenure as a student.  That is the act of an aggressor taking advantage of weak prey.
then make the law state that.  the precedents should point in that direction.
If I were a man living in NSW I would start a huge male boycott of all pubs, clubs and anywhere else alcohol can be consumed.  Drink at home with your buddies.  It's just far too risky for men to go out, have a few drinks and meet women.  Once the men stop turning up at the bars it'll send a clear message that this law is madness.
This is also the rule in the majority of jurisdictions. Being drunk doesn't automatically eliminate your ability to consent, but as an evidentiary matter, it does indicate that you may be unable to do so (you have to be able to show that you were extremely drunk to be incapable of consenting to sex). It's really no different than the premise that you're probably not going to be held accountable for contracts you sign while you're drunk.

There isn't any sexism here. The same thing applies where a drink woman undertakes some act that a resonable person would realize was criminal qere she sober.
I would like to subscribe to your newsletter.
Yes, but the OP was apparently a strategy to avoid being wrongly accused of date rape. Why would leaving immediately help with that? If anything, give TFA, leaving immediately could piss her off and encourage an angry response, no?

Plus, if you stay for a while and everything is fine, she has much less basis to make a false claim later.
The more I hear about it, the more it looks like Australia is becoming a nightmare for democracy.
Even though I don't like Rupert Murdoch, this is an ad hominem attack.  You're not addressing the law itself.
Feminists seem to have a distorted view of what "equal rights" means. With freedom and equality comes responsibility. You cant pick out which ones you want and which you dont.

I'm sick of people blaming alcohol about sex. You're drunk, ok, but you still have a brain. Use it BEFORE ordering that 5th beer. If a guy tries to get you to drink more, say no. You're old enough, peer pressure shouldnt be working on you anymore.

To say that a womens amount of intoxication is relevant but the mans isnt is just plain bull.
I don't know, I've heard people throw around "testicular fortitude" a lot.
Passed out implies not able to give consent, being drunk does not.
These kind of laws make me look at every woman with suspicion.
Don't they have this in saudi arabia where a woman who was raped by 4 guys was imprisoned because she didn't have a male witness saying she didn't consent?

Are we turning into a Saudi Arabia for guys?  Nice equality there.
I used to prefer the Austrian way but my cellar's getting full.
the headline doesn't say it happened, can't you recognize the tense used in the headline?
Seriously.  I'm normally offended when fat women think they can sleep with me.

If she used alcohol to get me into bed.  She'd be the one boasting about it and I'd be feeling the shame.
But it won't help if she's drunk..
just act drunker than her.
Let us all go gay. "No dick for you!"
Yes, off to prison as a rapist to be anally raped in society's great joke.
Because women aren't allowed to enjoy sex, right?
A drunk female becomes the perfect tool for all situations that you would want to deal with that have consequences.  Like drug dealers using underage kids.
With me they're compelled to.  The issue is whether a woman has standards worth a damn.  (at least in the case of those who are hot enough to be worth a damn)
what happens when a drunk man and a drunk woman have sex then the next morning they accuse each other of rape?
[deleted]
Laws that infantilize women will keep them the second sex well into the new century. Enjoy your mollycoddling ladies, it comes at the expense of respect.
This is yet more proof that feminism is nothing more than a joke and a sham. Women claim to want equality only as long as it serves them, and will happily fall back on historically used sexist stereotypes when that serves them as well. Women just want an easy ride through life, that is all. They have no integrity whatsoever.
How do you make sure she won't go apeshit without contacting her? Do you stalk her MySpace blog or what?
Back to the pile?!
The law here if Florida is that a person who is under the influnce is not competent to consent to sex.  So if both people are drinking, what then?  As you know, the responsibility for the act usually falls on the man.

I think if the woman willingly imbibes alcohol to the degree that she doesn't know what's going on or can't defend herself from a guy who's being too persistent, then the issue is that she has a drinking problem, not rape.
If being drunk absolves women of the responsibility of consent, it should equally absolve men of the responsibility of judging consent. How can it be claimed that alcohol affects women, but not men?
Men should start video taping all drunken one-night stands.
Anyone got a link to the actual statutes?  Because this reads like a cherry-picked propaganda piece.
[deleted]
&gt;Women just want an easy ride through life

"Girls just wanna have fun" - even at the expense of someone else's life.
Because shallow graves don't work.  Someone always finds them.
Sometimes that happens.  That's why I wonder how they found out.  If there were witnesses or her story was inconsistent I'm probably OK with her being expelled.  If she was kicked out for failing to PROVE she was raped (which is unlikely) I'm not.
&lt;i&gt;In other words, the fact that the woman who says "yes" to sex is drunk is highly relevant: it may vitiate her consent. But the man's intoxication must be ignored when working out whether he had "reasonable grounds" for believing consent was given. It is a curious law that says alcohol only affects the cognitive abilities of women.&lt;/i&gt;

This is not as much in conflict as the author seems to think.

It seems reasonable that a person should not be legally bound by documents he/she signs when drunk. For example, if one child gets a parent to change their will while drunk, the other children will have grounds to challenge it (I believe).

OTOH, you are responsible for the decision to drive drunk.

The point is you have a responsibility not to get so drunk that you commit a crime. You do not have a responsibility to avoid being the victim of a crime.

If you're worried you might commit a crime while drunk, don't get drunk.
You need to get drunk to sleep with your daughter? Can someone say gay?
Funny, but actually no one can be held legally bound to an agreement/contract made under the influence of drugs or alcohol (at least in the U.S., probably almost everywhere).
There's all kinds of wonky logic in the bible and I'm not going to pretend that I can make sense of it.
what about if i get a lady pregnant while i'm drunk?
&gt;if the woman's "too intoxicated", there are no reasonable grounds for consent.

What if the man is even more intoxicated? Then wouldn't the women be better suited to consent then the man?

It takes two to tango, and I figure if a woman sleeps with someone while drunk, they should haven't of become so wasted that they became a whore that night.

There should be NO RAPE charges admissible unless the sex act is down to tearing of clothing, forceful entry and yells of "No! No! Stop!!"
It would be the same as if you killed someone while drunk.  Excusable, but you're still liable.
No, I've seen Linus's video. His hard drive is quite magnificent.
It's rape either way I guess.
This is rediculous. Now when a woman makes a dumb decision the guy is a rapist? All a woman has to do nowadays is cry and someones life is done. If they scream sexual harassment  a guys job is done and all they have to do is touch her in any way. If a woman cries rape not only is a guy getting locked up for a long time and his life tarnished, but most likely he will be raped numerous times in prison. Here's a thought: TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOURSELF. I swear, if you have a vagina you really do have all the power.
It's best just not to fuck when drunk.
For both parties.
Equal rights and all that...
It didn't look like that was the case here.
You're ignoring the history of western countries, and Australia, of presuming that women are innocent and men are guilty.

As written, the law is gender - neutral.  In practice, it will target men.

Even the section you quoted, to wit:
&gt;"Now, the man is effectively deemed to have knowledge of lack of consent if there are no reasonable grounds for believing consent was given. And it gets worse. When asked to determine whether the man had no reasonable grounds for believing the woman gave consent, the jury must ignore the fact that the man was drunk."

Specifically notes the higher legal danger to men in comparison to women, which you defended.  You did not address the issue that, members of both genders should be held to the same legal standard and will not.

&gt;This makes sense. You're responsible for your behavior whether you are drunk or not. To claim otherwise would be like excusing bad driving because the driver was drunk!

Agreed, but both genders should be held responsible.
You can apply this exact same principle to other situations and see that gender has nothing to do with it:

If you're pretty drunk and your buddy who is totally wasted says "come on hit my in the face, I'll show you how tough I am" and you do it, you're probably on the hook for assault because being drunk is not a defense against those crimes which you SHOULD have realized you were committing. You're buddy was incapable of giving his consent and a reasonable person would have recognized that.
I'm a feminist. I think this law is absolutely wrong. Generalizing about all feminists when things like this happen is a fallacy. Just because some men oppress women, doesn't lead me to believe that all men are oppressors. It's pretty simple, can we agree on this?

Australians should protest this, but unfortunately, as the author says, these laws degrade women and will probably only end up making things worse for them since men are unjustly being threatened and put on the defensive. Great! Just what we all need....
There's a double standard in the hypothetical example.  I'm not convinced that there's a double standard in the actual law.  That's why I suspect the author of paranoia.  Sorry if that was unclear.

I didn't defend a higher legal danger to men; I questioned whether it actually was higher.

Both genders should be held to the same standard, not necessarily both parties.  Rapists should get no points for the fact that their victims are intoxicated.  If there is no affirmative consent when intercourse takes place, sober or loaded, it is rape.

The intoxication of the accused rapist, male or female, does not serve as an excuse.

If men are indeed presumed innocent, and women guilty, it's only a problem if that leads to a significant increase in false convictions.  I really don't know whether that's the case.  It's really hard to get trustworthy information about this kind of thing.

To sum up: I agree with you about this hypothetical example, but I suspect it may be a strawman.
OIC
Why cite something you don't understand?
Not an appropriate analogy. In the case of the puncher and the punchee, one person is doing something to the other person. The active and passive players are obvious. In the case of two people having sex, the two people are doing the exact same thing to each other -- having sex -- under identical conditions -- being drunk. To blame the outcome on one of them while absolving the other is completely illogical and hilarous.
I love fucking when I'm drunk.
"This is not as much in conflict as the author seems to think."

Except that the definition of rape in most societies is intentionally or recklessly having sex with someone without their consent. Intention (or at least recklessness) in respect of conduct is required to render it criminal.

Intoxication has always been a defence to an allegation of criminality in common law countries like Australia, Britain and the USA.
Crimes Amendment (Consent - Sexual Assault Offences) Bill 2007: http://www.parliament.nsw.gov.au/prod/parlment/nswbills.nsf/0/ED6DAEF33665D79BCA25738B0016907C
That's why you have been charged with rape 13 times.
[deleted]
The point is not the act, it's two almost basic legal principles:

-a person who is extremely drunk (and the extent of that is a jury question) is incapable of consenting.

-Even if at that level of drunkenness, they are incapable of giving consent, they are still guilty of crimes for which the required state of mind is disregard for a substantial risk that a reasonable person should have been aware of. 

If we didn't have this second principle, no one could be prosecuted for vehicular manslaughter when they were drunk.
The problem is that a drunk person consenting to sex does not manifest itself as a substantial risk to a reasonable person. If it were the other way around, when two drunk people have sex, both of them automatically become guilty of rape.
In the first situation you describe, than the person wouldn't be found guilty. The article only says that "an honest mistake is not enough;" it has to be both honest AND reasonable. In your hypo the person is making a reasonable mistake.
Thanks.
Well, I was kidding, but more seriously I'd guess the guy who slept with her came forward, or was found somehow.
I think it happens more with people under the age of 21.
Whose fault is it if an adult under the age of 21 years old uses adult judgment to attain and consume an intoxicant?
In my example, the 30 year old guy who pressured the girl into drinking a number of beers, several of which were spiked with ecstasy.
You still haven't explained why THE WOMAN is not on the hook for having sex with a DRUNK MAN who, according to your view, is not capable of consent either.
She could.

Rape laws are generally gender neutral. If after sex, a man claimed that he was too intoxicated to give his consent, and a jury found that to be the case and the woman should have recognized that, than she would be guilty, sober or not. 

Also, in some jurisdictions, in addition to non-consent, the crime requires that the act be "forcible" which makes it all the less likely that the roles will be switched as a practical matter. As a matter of law, though, there is no reason why what you're describing couldn't happen. It just depends on who makes the claim and who the jury believes.
you're right there.  No one consents to being surreptitiously drugged.
It doesn't take much force to overpower a drunk man, so the forcibility requirement shouldn't be too hard to prove at all.

Such laws are creating a situation whereby, when two drunk people have sex, they both become guilty of raping each other, because neither is capable of giving consent to the other. It's ridiculous.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thanks. What a fair, kind comment. I'll watch out for you. I'm sure you won't mind if I don't further engage with you on reddit.
It was facetious, in case you couldn't tell.
Maybe it's time to break out of your bubble and associate with people who aren't exactly like you. You'll be amazed how much you grow up.

Summary:
I don't think it says that.
If she can't consent, it's rape.
You're about to have sex with a woman.
only if you're a woman.
If she's drunk, she can't consent.
then make the law state that.
I give it to you and you know what it is.
but what about when the man is intoxicated too?
Sorry, but you *can* consent to sex while drunk.
I read it as: if the woman's "too intoxicated", there are no reasonable grounds for consent.
How is her having sex drunk ok but him having sex drunk is not?
It would be the same as if you killed someone while drunk.
Don't get drunk and have sex with someone for the first time.
It isn't consent before, during, or after.
I really don't know whether that's the case.
They are responsible for what they do while drunk.
If being drunk absolves women of the responsibility of consent, it should equally absolve men of the responsibility of judging consent.
If a woman can't make a good decision while drunk, then why should a man be expected to?
May as well just rape her then.
I think this law is absolutely wrong.
Why can't a drunk woman be guilty?
I think if both parties are too drunk to legally give consent they should both be sent to jail for rape.
If a guy tries to get you to drink more, say no.
The point is you have a responsibility not to get so drunk that you commit a crime.
Well, that's good to know.
I can't be responsible for my actions!!!!"
It's rape either way I guess.
I don't know about "white".
Things I even will agree with.
There needs to be an understanding that no one should go out get drunk and have sex.
What if the man is even more intoxicated?
Yeah, two consenting adults getting drunk and having sex?
But in no way would I support her charge of **rape**.
It didn't look like that was the case here.
And what makes you think the guy was sober?
I love fucking when I'm drunk.
Sounds like what a rapist would say.
Because she couldn't legally give consent because she was drunk.
time and time again, this article excuses having sex with drunk women.
I think that this is one acception though.
If a woman can't make reasonable decisions while drunk, then it also means she can make a reasonable decisions before getting being the wheel of a car while drunk.
Women don't just "Claim" rape because they regret a one night stand.
Do you even **know** if she's drunk?
A law like this means that a man who has consensual sex with a woman has *absolutely no defense* against a rape conviction.
You're responsible for your behavior whether you are drunk or not.
If a woman wants to have sex she can either consent and have sex, or make herself unable to consent and then have sex.
If a person is too drunk to speak then of course they cant give consent, I think you're being disingenuous.
How can it be claimed that alcohol affects women, but not men?
If it were the other way around, when two drunk people have sex, both of them automatically become guilty of rape.
Do the women willing get drunk?
Yeah, maybe... but then you and ... who would make it happen?
It asks if someone's state of mind was reasonable.
Do the laws specify "women" or could a man wake up and claim he was raped as well?
The law stated in this article is as much degrading to women by saying they aren't capable of making decisions as it is to men.
It should be well thought out and just.
But a one night stand is **not rape**.
How many times do I have to say this on Reddit?
If the man is drunk, he doesn't have the same recourse.
If she's drunk, she's incapacitated?
Or someone that believes in personal responsibility.
&gt;if the woman's "too intoxicated", there are no reasonable grounds for consent.
It also makes sense to require active consent.
"These new rape laws degrade women.
Could both the man and the woman both be convicted of rape than if they both wake up and regret it?
You cant pick out which ones you want and which you dont.
Can a man consent while drunk, or is only a woman so debilitated?
You're not addressing the law itself.
Rapists should get no points for the fact that their victims are intoxicated.
You're buddy was incapable of giving his consent and a reasonable person would have recognized that.
This is bullshit for men and women both.
But that's not where this law ends.
You wanted equality, you're going to have to accept the responsibility it comes with.
If she used alcohol to get me into bed.
There is no way to know.
Men are still responsible, apparently.
If the 'victim' placed herself in the state of mind to make bad decisions (such as with whom she would have sex), that is purely her own responsibility.
But it's only the woman whose consent is needed.
It's best just not to fuck when drunk.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.86
