Original Response:
From wiki on Geneva Conventions.  When did blackwater and the like become standard?

Under Article 47 of Protocol I ( Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and relating to the Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts) it is stated in the first sentence "A mercenary shall not have the right to be a combatant or a prisoner of war."

On 4 December 1989 the United Nations passed resolution 44/34 the International Convention against the Recruitment, Use, Financing and Training of Mercenaries. It entered into force on 20 October 2001 and is usually known as the UN Mercenary Convention[19]. Article 2 makes it an offence to employ a mercenary and Article 3.1 states that "A mercenary, as defined in article 1 of the present Convention, who participates directly in hostilities or in a concerted act of violence, as the case may be, commits an offence for the purposes of the Convention."
This is like 3 years old.  What is the current state of affairs?
Hot.
[deleted]
Organs?
"So?"
These convention things never really stopped 'US' before. DnyCorpsucks is a pretty funny website... Check it
Basically, under Geneva convention, a mercenary HAS NO RIGHTS WHATSOEVER.

After capture, he can be legally shot by his enemy.
no pics?
Anybody know the Pres. Candidates stances on these kinds of merc companies?
That's hot.
International law and Geneva conventions only apply to the enemy, not to the USA.

The USA is the beacon of freedom.
Would they be considered unlawful combatants sort of like terrorists?

Unlawful combatants still have rights I think though.
You beat me to it.
Ironing?
I'm not one of those "the sky is falling" cranks, but does anybody else find this whole mercenary thing unsettling? I mean, it's a pretty major sign that your civilization is on the outs --- when your citizens are no longer willing to fight your wars because those wars do not serve the interests of their security and prosperity.
While I also find it unsettling, I think there are different reasons for using them than those you state.  We still have a whole ton of military here in the U.S. that could be deployed overseas.  However, we send mercenaries instead.  I contend that this is because the U.S. government wants the "freedom"  of action that these troops represent - that is to say, they want them to be able to do what they want, when they want and not be constrained by the Geneva Convention.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-taU9d26wT4
Yes, this is absolutely true. I hadn't yet seen a story on Reddit about this.

DynCorp is the central organisation of human trafficking.

It's seriously like Slavery Incorporated. Wow. The people in charge are sick, bored and got this way from a very young age. It excites them to be able to buy and sell people, to attend weird satanic ceremonies like Bohemian Grove, to literally control people's minds.

Just so sick. Anyone thinking about justifying any of this or claiming it's "not true" in these comments should be very ashamed of themselves.

Edit: but by God, we're making jokes about it. Wow...
Here's a quote:

 - DynCorp employees in Bosnia, where the company plays a major policing role, have engaged in organized sex-slave trading with girls as young as 12, and DynCorp's Bosnia site supervisor was filmed raping a woman. A subsequent lawsuit, filed by a company whistleblower, alleged that "employees and supervisors from DynCorp were engaging in perverse, illegal and inhumane behavior [and] were purchasing illegal weapons, women, forged passports and [participating in] other immoral acts." The whisteblower, with whom DynCorp eventually settled, "witnessed coworkers and supervisors literally buying and selling women for their own personal enjoyment, and employees would brag about the various ages and talents of the individual slaves they had purchased." The company's initial response was to fire the whistleblowers. The employees involved in the sex ring were transferred out of the country. Some were eventually fired, although none were ever criminally prosecuted. One of the whistleblowers told Congress, "DynCorp is the worst diplomat our country could ever want overseas.''

Yeah, real fucking funny.
I can't believe you're actually having to justify your criticism of selling 12-year-olds for slavery.

No child should be "sold" to work.

For God's sake, your morals are just ass backwards.
The only difference between today and 10, 20, 100, 200, etc years ago is the amount of information available about them. They have always been around, and always will be. Fact of life. Shrug.
Wait so the trading process is what they enjoy?
What does my post have to do with selling children into slavery?
The origin of "unlawful combatants" has nothing to do with it's current usage. It was originally used for saboteurs present in the prosecuting country. It's current usage is basically a technicality clause that gets them out of following basic prisoner of war rights. 

Frankly, if you invade a country and the civilians defend it, calling them "unlawful combatants" is ludicrous.
It also keeps the official troop figures down. IIRC there are pretty much as many mercenaries in Iraq as there are soldiers.
Well if you actually read the article which you're commenting on, you'd see it's about selling 12-year-olds into enslavement.
I wasn't commenting about that part. I was commenting about our use of mercenaries in general.
Well OK, but that really isn't what this article highlights.
Good point.
oh I agree, I'm just saying a mercenary might be considered an unlawful combatant.
Actually, the article is about mercenaries. The abuse stuff is buried deep in the middle of the article, and is just an example of the problems that mercenaries pose.
&gt;when they want and not be constrained by the Geneva Convention.

I think that still might indicate that we're on the outs.
Yeah, I realize that.  I should clarify by saying that I'm of the opinion that the mercenaries are even more unfettered than the enlisted folks.
Ditto "murder", "child abuse", "corruption", "fraud" and "rigged elections".

Does that mean it's inappropriate to rail against them?

Or, now the knowledge is becoming more widely known, does it mean *you no longer morally have the option not to?*
Can you give some links?
how about the link in this very story???
Yes, you are terrorists.
In fuck if you invade a country with out declaring war or having UN mandate then maybe your, US, UK and AU, forces are the illegal combatants
How could this happen in America or by Americans?  Aren't all americans ruled by women?
Yeah I know.  It's like yesterday's "hey let's all talk about raping women by chemically addicting them to nicotine or cocaine in their sleep!"  Reddit has a huge problem with misogyny.
Isn't this years-old news, for which DynCorp paid some settlement in 2004?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt; Edit: but by God, we're making jokes about it. Wow...

You have to laugh, or otherwise you'd cry.
And reddit is the so-called "smart" internet users. I mean, oh dear..
I disagree. You just have to be strong.

And this kind of laughing is not in a "oh, my god this is bad" kind of way. It's in a "I don't give a shit about human beings" kind of disturbed way.
You don't really enjoy organs, it's not like you eat them. You sell them on and some rich guy get a new lung to smoke with.
I totally missed that article that you're referencing.


I can sort of understand what you're getting at ... because there's definitely more jokes geared towards the opposite sex since it's mostly male here. But, I doubt many people are actually mysogynists.

For example, on a serious article, such as this, I don't see anyone here saying it's a good thing ... or a joke ... ...
that's not true either.  Only certain resolutions.
Did you miss the several guys here who simply commented "hot." or something among those lines?
Oh, they were downmodded below my threshold.

But I think we'll agree that they're not representative of Reddit here? I mean, saying that that's what Reddit users are like is a mischaracterization ... I haven't been here that long but that's what I think.
When you see a comic like that, if you're trying to be neutral about it, you're still siding with the wrong side.  That is one of those situations where saying nothing is condoning the bigotry.
No, my neutrality is not an admission of bigotry. There are simply far too many stupid people on the Internet to do that. 

My actions are: ignore, or (thanks to Reddit) downmod, or go another website.
I didn't mean to *equate* them either.  I was merely pointing out campigenus's attitude was inconsistent and non-operative.

As an aside, it interests me how there are loosely two "classes" of debaters in situations like this.  One (like me) will take an over-general statement and show that because it's over-general or imprecise it encompasses even clearly incorrect specifics at the extremes, and hence it needs revision before it's true.  These extremes aren't intended to *equate* the two examples... they're intended more like parables, trying to show that the criteria or *process* of the decision-making is flawed, because it allows or permits things that we can *all* agree are bad.

The other class (such as yourself) sees a comparison involving a neutral/debatable example and one involving an absolute extreme, and infers that the implication is that the two are somehow equivalent.

There's no value judgment in this, incidentally - more a curious observation. ;D

Summary:
Actually, the article is about mercenaries.
I was commenting about our use of mercenaries in general.
I mean, saying that that's what Reddit users are like is a mischaracterization ...
Unlawful combatants still have rights I think though.
oh I agree, I'm just saying a mercenary might be considered an unlawful combatant.
But I think we'll agree that they're not representative of Reddit here?
For example, on a serious article, such as this, I don't see anyone here saying it's a good thing ... or a joke ... ...
The origin of "unlawful combatants" has nothing to do with it's current usage.
I think that still might indicate that we're on the outs.
Would they be considered unlawful combatants sort of like terrorists?
I didn't mean to *equate* them either.
I totally missed that article that you're referencing.
You don't really enjoy organs, it's not like you eat them.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
