Original Response:
Fuck Mexico.
We'll stem gun flow when you stem illegal alien flow.
Did you even read the article? Mexico said that instead of giving them monetary aid to help their "drug war", the US should keep the money and spend it on some border security of their own (how's that a bad thing tell me?). And Mexico does in fact stem some illegal alien flow from Central America. The US government is the one that isn't stopping it from the US-Mexico border.
Actually you are wrong.  The Mexican government has been caught actively distributing pamphlets  that instruct individuals HOW to sneak into the U.S.  

Until they stop that kind of behavior they have no right to demand anything from us.

http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=4285144
How am I wrong? I never wrote that the Mexican government doesn't encourage Mexican illegal immigration to the US. They can't stop Mexicans from sneaking the US border (according to the Mexican constitution, any Mexican can travel wherever they want), but they do stop some Central Americans from crossing their OWN south border. The US federal government is the one who should be stopping their own flow of illegal immigrants from the border.
Where's mexicodoug when you need someone to have attitude against the WAMO (White Anglo Male Oppressor)?
[deleted]
Isn't Mexico responsible for ensuring that guns aren't crossing the border into their country?
Idiot, the Mexican government does not advocate the crossing of illegals. The panphlets you refer to advise on taking supplies, water and certain type of clothing if they choose to cross the desert in order to avoid fatalities.

Go back under your bridge and rot there.
God no. Don't stemp the illegal alien flow... who else is going to mow the liberal elites' lawns?
that's just like mexico blaming something that's there problem on the US!
Aren't we responsible for ensuring drugs aren't crossing the border into our country?

We expend a great deal of time and energy attempting to get Mexico to curb illegal drug production and smuggling. Fair enough. For our part the ready and easy availability of firearms in the US (unlike in Mexico) and the smuggling of these guns exacerbates the drug problem.

What is hard to understand about this?
"No, really. They are serious." I know. That's what the article said.
But any gun regulation is bad, and everyone should have as many guns as they want, and taking my guns is an abuse of the Constitution, and and and...
If Mexico had a constitution which ensured the right of the people to cocaine, I'm pretty sure we wouldn't bother trying to stem the flow of drugs from the Mexican side of the border.

US officials have their hands tied to a certain extent, because firearms are perfectly legal all over the US.  How can you crack down on people who are doing something which isn't against the law?

Keep in mind, Mexico is the one that opposes a fence along the border.
They mow the Republican elites' lawns too.  At least the liberals want to give them some rights instead of maintaining them as a near slave labor force like the conservative village idiots.
Hey now, I'm a conservative elite and allow illegal aliens to mow my lawn.
Mexico should focus on fixing their corrupt country and worry about us later. No, really.
If Mexico amended their constitution to ensure the right of their people to cocaine, the US would kick them out of NAFTA, slap a ton of sanctions on them and invade as soon as possible.  It will never happen.
How about a real solution - full legalization.  That'll deflate the organized crime pretty rapidly.
Of course Mexico isn't going to amend their laws to legalize cocaine, but my point is that Mexico can only expect so much from US officials who really can't do anything about guns on the US side of the border.
It's fair to say the US should contribute to halting the flow of guns if they want to curb the flow of drugs, but how do they do that? It seems to me that instead of "keeping the money in the US" as these guys suggest, they should be putting it toward security checkpoints on the Mexican side of the border. Perhaps that's just unrealistic because of the size of the border.
I really wish it were that simple. The problem is that Mexico received a ton of pressure and arm twisting from our government to  crack down hard on the drug trafficking.

As a direct result of that pressure they stepped up and managed to take out the lead cartel. In a very simple world that would be a huge victory. The problem is that now they have a very big power struggle and really bloody turf wars that are killing a lot of people, along with choking off tourism completely which hurts a lot of good honest hard working Mexicans.  

Throw in the increased popularity of meth and you have our current situation.
Meth is the real problem, maybe cocaine too. But they(mexico/US) are wasting lotsa money and resources on stopping weed. I'm pretty liberal when it comes to drugs, but meth is a truly dirty and evil drug. I honestly believe there should be a minimum mandatory for meth dealers and cookers of at least 20 years. Unlike weed and even cocaine to a certain extent, meth actually kills and ruins lives.
Well,no government is a monolith. American presidents have a heck of a time with the State Department,which is notorious for having its own agenda. 

Certainly there is corruption within different departments,people in the drug business etc. This is true for every country,every human activity,every organization.

So I would not be surprised if something was coming from the "government",and was against stated policy and what they are really trying to do.
Sure,but you have to have people who do what they are supposed to do.

So,some underpaid shmo with a demanding girlfriend and a rusty car can double his annual salary by taking a nap,
what is going to happen?
Canada is America's hat and Mexico is America's beard.
Only in 2008 we had 1,378 executions related to organized crime, 450 were Police Officers, Military, Prosecutors and Judges.

This is 47% more than last year. If this trend keeps going up, we are not going to have other choice than, shove US Govt sanctions up their ass, and legalize at least marijuana, and then cocaine.

This obviously will not end organized crime, but at least would be a strong impact on their pocket.

[Source](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5jcqfava2anHub1yGct7oNQWVz-eQD90RMB380)
Ok, i think our government is trying to do that, but guess what? Bad guys have automatic weapons and RPGs launchers. They offer you a bribe, you take it or you are dead, the old "silver or lead" dilemma.

So, they are trying to stop this guys, and one of the many ways they can reduce their power is by limitating their armament. And if you read the article, they dont want money, they just want the help from the US government. Why? Because they want to fix the corruption in the country.
Is throwing people in jail for 20 years just for supplying something for which there is a strong demand justified? Not to mention how most users would likely have some knowledge on how to cook it themselves, and under your guidelines  makes them deserving of 20 years in prison. Like any substance, meth can be and is used responsibly. Imposing some arbitrary limit on when a drug becomes 'evil' is exactly the kind of bullshit that's been feeding the drug war. Almost assuredly, lives are ruined from meth, but the same can be argued of quite literally anything. If you want to convince me that meth is a bad as you say it is, you're going to need to give me some damn strong scientific, medical, and statistical arguments. And if they really exist, I would like to see them.
&gt;If you want to convince me that meth is a bad as you say it is, you're going to need to give me some damn strong scientific, medical, and statistical arguments. And if they really exist, I would like to see them.

Obviously you don't know shit about meth.
Oviously you don't know how to present rational arguments. I'm not about ready to go around preaching to the world about the evils of meth based on a couple sensationalist news reports and a wave of anti-meth PSAs.
Kill two birds with one stone; LEGALIZE IT! Everything. All of it. Take away the violence associated with illegal drug trades, and you have no need for the guns crossing the boarder illegally. Just a thought...
Have you ever been around or been friends with a meth addict?

If you think it's so fucking harmless, go buy a bag or three and tell me how that works out for ya.
Maybe the US should just concentrate on stemming Mexican flow...
I was thinking "asshole", but whatever works for you...
Meth addicts aren't people using meth responsibly. I'm not saying its harmless, all I want is some kind of tangible evidence, not the same bullshit sensationalism that's been driving the drug war for the past decades. Telling me to go look at an addict means jack shit. I know people who do nothing but smoke pot or drink, and their lives are pretty fucked. Does that mean that I can't smoke or drink responsibly? Fuck no. I really doubt its possible to develop an addiction doing meth once, and you have yet to give me any evidence that I'm wrong. You're just as bad as that D.A.R.E. bullshit I had to sit through in elementary school: point to a tombstone and say "you see kids, this is what will happen to you if you do (meth, coke, heroine, pot, etc.)" Please, just give me legitimate evidence or I'm going to continue believing you're just full of shit.
I'm not going to waste my time searching across the web finding "evidence" to convince you meth is that bad. I've been around drugs and drug addicts my entire life and I'm telling you, meth IS that bad. Weather or not you wanna think I'm some kind of D.A.R.E. freak is up to you. So yea, I guess I'm just full of shit and meth really isn't a bad drug, you should go out this weekend and give meth a spin, see how ya like it.
&gt;I'm not going to waste my time searching across the web finding "evidence"

That alone is enough to invalidate anything you have said. If I had the opportunity to give meth a try I would, as I am interested in seeing what all the hype is about and would love  to show you by not becoming dependent that drug addiction is the fault of the person, not the substance.

Summary:
And if they really exist, I would like to see them.
Isn't Mexico responsible for ensuring that guns aren't crossing the border into their country?
The US government is the one that isn't stopping it from the US-Mexico border.
The US federal government is the one who should be stopping their own flow of illegal immigrants from the border.
Like any substance, meth can be and is used responsibly.
Obviously you don't know shit about meth.
Meth is the real problem, maybe cocaine too.
We'll stem gun flow when you stem illegal alien flow.
I'm not going to waste my time searching across the web finding "evidence" to convince you meth is that bad.
Idiot, the Mexican government does not advocate the crossing of illegals.
Maybe the US should just concentrate on stemming Mexican flow...

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
