Original Response:
[deleted]
great article.  one of the few that i've read in its entirety.  i think he brings up a good point about less anti-americanism these days and a rising feeling of irrelevance.  it kinda goes back to that whole free publicity  good/bad issue and you'd probably want to remain in the news regardless i guess.

one thing to keep in mind while reading this article is to remember the background of the writer.  i think it adds an interesting perspective to the entire op-ed.
FTA

&gt;Over the past 20 years hyperinflation, a problem that used to bedevil large swaths of the world from Turkey to Brazil to Indonesia, has largely vanished, tamed by successful fiscal and monetary policies.

?????
The problem with the USA is that we are birthing into the information age.  Just as the transition into the industrial revolution forced us to abandon immoral relics like the slave-plantation system, the transition into the information is forcing us to abandon other crappy beliefs.  Such as the belief in fraudulent fiat money, and a belief in an immoral and phony property right: copyrights.

Our modern day media and monetary system both center around controlling people by controlling the information in their lives.  Be it the value of our money, the news, or even culture and music.  These systems are coming to an end, and with them a major transition is going to happen in US society and the US economy.

IMHO, contrary to myth.  China is not going to rise to overtake the US in the way that the US rose to overtake the UK and Europe.  What happened in the USA was because of our political and economic liberties.  As much as China has improved, it is still not the outlet of political and economic liberties.  That is still in the USA, just like it was during the US civil war.  

So IMHO the US is having a difficult transition, but not a decline.
Let the rest of the world marvel at their own hubris, as we did for over 200 years of American independence, when we held cultural, military, and financial dominion over the civilized world. I think, for some reason, America has changed a bit, to a weird knee-jerk reaction subculture that has become almost mainstream.

The culture of "I love to be hated" is upon us. It's a feeling for many Americans as if they were superior simply _because_ we are hated. It doesn't matter anymore to be better or smarter, or to achieve something great. "You're nobody til somebody hates you". And, that's all anyone who participates in the culture needs to be content.

Go ask the remaining 22% supporting Bush about why they support him. You'll see alot of posturing and wearing the controversy like a badge of honor in that crowd, I can bet you. It's not systemic though, thank heavens.

We'll get back to hard work and isolated nationalism in no time, after we shake off this "stop hatin' on me" blip in our current culture.
America is being run by neocon terrorists!

United States Government are terrorists, war criminals, and horrific liars.

9-11 was an inside job! 9-11 official story was a lie! What happened to building 7?

Depleted uranium is a weapon of mass destruction!

Play Wall Street like a PONZI SCHEME!

The elections are rigged, unsecure voting machines &amp; ballots!

Terrorist United States Government mandated a fivefold increase in the use of biofuels.
This is an excellent article. Don't be misled by the title, which I nearly was, and read the whole thing as rasl suggested. One of the best reddit submissions all month.
This is the second time I've commented on your comment.

You're right.  Until China starts protecting IP, China will continually suck on intellectual economies like the US.  It will take generations to change that mindset.

As for China, the economic liberties are unparalleled.  It's almost better situation than here where we have diminishing economic liberties and putative political liberties. 

We get to choose between 2 fascists.
Indeed. I don't always agree with what Fareed Zakaria says, but I always enjoy his articles.
. . . with a few notable exceptions.
Fareed Zakaria is a good writer. One of the few columnists I actively seek out to read.
&gt; You're right. Until China starts protecting IP, China will continually suck on intellectual economies like the US. It will take generations to change that mindset.

Protecting IP?  Obviously you don't know what you are agreeing with when you're saying "you're right".  Here's what argoff said:

&gt; the transition into the information is forcing us to abandon other crappy beliefs. Such as the belief in fraudulent fiat money, and a belief in an immoral and phony property right: copyrights.

How's that for protecting IP?
So the disease of bigger is better is now passing onto the other countries?  Very well.  It's just like when the old-worlders came and infected everyone with an alcohol addiction.  Just wonderful.  So now everyone wants to imitate the USA-style phallic egoism.  What can possibly go wrong?

I just hope that USA itself gets over that nonsense while the other nations are caught in the "bigger is better" delusion.
&gt;China is not going to rise to overtake the US in the way that the US rose to overtake the UK and Europe. 

I was agreeing with the above statement.

argoff is wrong about
&gt;belief in an immoral and phony property right: copyrights

Even the Constitution (Article 1, Section 8) talks about this type of protection.
america is SO over yall!
There never was much "anti-americanism", that was a ruse to divide -- "you're with us or against us". 

People the world over hate Bush and the current administration. What Bush and his cronies represent is not the best of America -- the term "anti-american" isn't appropriate for people that hate Bush.
In this case it doesn't matter what the Constitution says.  I was just showing you how you have failed in basic reading comprehension.

It's all in context.  You cannot pull one thing out like "hey, argoff said 'the' and I agree with 'the'", that's nonsense.  If you say you agree, you agree with the whole thing.  If you don't agree with the whole thing you must delineate your agreement specifically and explicitly in your writing.  If you do not delineate then we take it to mean you agree with the entire thing, especially if right after "you're right" you put something that contradicts what the person you are replying to is saying.
Thanks for playing.
I disagree, there is nothing wrong with the "bigger is better" mentality because that idea itself propelled the US into greatness and any other empire of old from the Roman's coliseum to the Egyptian's pyramids.

What you are confusing is "bigger without innovation" idea going through America right now.  SUVs that doesn't innovate the automobile industry from gas mileage to environmental problems and businesses that operate in big profits at the expense of worker's compensation and fair treatment at work.  "Bigger without innovation" is the disease plaguing the American mentality instead of "bigger is better" in terms of innovation, greatness, and wealth being passed around.

"Bigger is better" is what enabled the US to pay its workers above the world's average salary back in the 60s, 70s, 80s, and 90s.  "Bigger is better" is what enabled New York to build the World Trade Center.  "Bigger is better" is what made Hollywood the world's number one entertainment source.  "Bigger is better" is what enabled IBM, Microsoft, Google, Boeing, and any other great American company/industry to prosper.

So, I would rather maintain the "bigger is better" mentality and not be confused with the "bigger without innovation" mentality that is bringing the American culture down.
America has only dominated the world for less than 75 years
(can't believe nobody has said this yet)

I, for one, welcome our new non-American overlords
I travel all the time, the world never hated Americans, they have issues with our government and foreign policy.

The thing that people forget (or don't know) is that most governments are disliked by their people, so they tend to forgive and understand Americans when ours behaves badly.

Oh, and Americans tip more than most societies which is huge imo.
[deleted]
Will take more actually. For the first time since WWII Europe has stopped following our lead in most issues. Wife is Swedish, so I get a surprising window on what they think (often involuntarily).

We had leadership of the effective world for a long time, and even partly lived up to it, but our downfall will be greater than our rise, because all our technologies, all our concepts, everything that made us who we were is now being transferred, and expanded upon by europe, asia, even south america.

We have nothing unique anymore. China and India thrive off adaptation of ideas, American's don't consider science a valuable field, and we still use the Imperial system of measurement. Economically, we no longer manufacture goods, have a gaping trade deficit, our pharma sector, once the world leader, hasn't come up with a new field of drugs in the last decade (all rebatches and re-formulas, plus better marketing), and even our lead in finance is eroding quickly.

We may be the Russia of the 2010's, because the world doesn't really need a super-power anymore.

I figure Europe will miss us soon however, Russia's rapidly increasing belligerence seems to be reminding them of why they loved us so.
I just wish to add that it's the "Profit without innovation" that scares me more. Marketing has evolved exponentially faster than the business-skills to manage it, making advertising an all-purpose "GO FASTER!" button for incompetent management.

When do we get back to engineering and design? Manufacturing efficiency is great, but if you're efficiently manufacturing the same old crap, but cheaper, the next guys will get your ass. We need engineering and technical competence in the business field to catch up with our marketing and strategy. We have some of the best engineers in the world, and none of them are working to their potential, because their leaders don't understand their potential.
Europe will never miss you. Rise of Russia is actually welcomed in Europe for many reasons. EU will grew stronger and it doesn't need american defence shield for there is no threat to the east (Russia isn't seen as much of a threat). Cooperation between EU and Russia is european future.

After all, we all share the same view of "dumb, fat hypocritical americans who think too high of themselves".
Agreed, the marketing in our America is the greatest in what it does.  However, what is happening is that the products we are selling are more or less substandard or mediocre at best.

We have made the notion that selling a product that is plagued with problems is okay.  I remember back in the 1980s people use to say that Made in Taiwan products are shit because they always breakdown only after several use.

Now, we have Xbox 360s that has the red ring of death being accepted as okay because not all products can pass quality control and be one hundred percent operable after being bought by a consumer.  Apple releasing MacBook Air that doesn't really innovative the computer world rather it stifles the growth of innovation because consumers are willing to spend more money for something mediocre and not a lot of improvements.

So, if people want to be in the mental state of "bigger is better" then stick to its core concept and not deviate into "bigger without innovation" or "profit without innovation."
And what is the background of the writer?  I didn't really find anything at newsweek.com.
Agreed, but the reddit title is REALLY obnoxious and misleading.  Great article though
Look at what Taiwan has been developing the last few years. It reminds me of Japan in the 80's, taking the basic technology and moving it in unusual directions.

I love Taiwan because it has the best part of China, the intelligence, the hard-working nature, without the pathetic subservience to authority, and lack of curiousity for curiosity's sake. They remind me of the mad-scientist movies we saw as children, putting things together to see what comes out.

I really do wonder how that turns out, a disproportionate amount of hardware innovations come from Taiwan, however until recently most have been just shy of prime-time.

Now we have Asus marketing directly to consumers instead of as OEM, I expect we'll see much more of their products without the OEM integration of larger, slower brands.
[deleted]
&gt; and the ongoing threat of terrorism

And don't forget about the subliminal fear-mongering in the Western media.
Perhaps I misundertood what you mean by "isolated nationalism", but I don't think that is the way America should, or will, go.

Globalization is here to stay, and cutting ourselves off from the rest of the world will only make us irrelevant faster. We don't need that. We need to take our opportunities, develop trade and cultural relationships, and generally interact with the rest of the world in a friendly and mutually beneficial fashion.

What we don't need to do is to act the global cop, go around trying to settle disputes. Our misadventures in the middle east have only shown us that (1) it doesn't work, (2) it costs a lot of lives and money, (3) it only makes people hate us more.

As the article points out, our great strength is still our open and free atmosphere which attracts people from all over the world. It cites many examples, such as the number of foreigners in our graduate programs, specially in science, the number of high tech businesses opened by foreigners in our country, etc. This is a great source of strength to us and keeps our economy growing. We want to maintain this atmosphere, not close the door on ourselves and hide behind it. America is an IDEA, that is still attractive to much of the world, because it is good. It has been tarnished a lot lately by our politicians, but these things never stop changing.
Fareed Zakaria's an interesting guy.

Check him out on [The Daily Show](http://www.thedailyshow.com/video/index.jhtml?searchterm=fareed+zakaria&amp;search_title=Search+Results).
He is famous -- or notorious -- for raping 37 wombats with a Klein bottle.
When I was a child I felt that John Kennedy for all of his faults had a way of inspiring my generation to believe that the future would be a great and noble place.  We would go to the moon, advance equality in America, extend democracy and freedom throughout the world, extinguish poverty and even cure diseases.  I know now that that was a naive perception but it really and profoundly shaped me and my generation into believing that great things were possible and that we would one day do great things and live useful, meaningful, and purpose filled lives.  He's been gone these 45 years now and sadly ever since that time I have never felt a single equivalent moment of inspiration generated from any president.  Not one of them has made me believe that he truly wanted to advance human kind.  Instead what I feel is that we as a nation have been drifting for decades without any purpose.  Today our leadership only prioritizes their own personal benefits in the short term and remains clueless as to what is going on in the real world.  Today more than ever we need inspiring leaders who have some real sense of purpose and a strong grasp of what is truly possible.  We need leaders that inspire hope not fear mongering and possess great aspirations that are obtainable and worthwhile.
&gt;We would ... extend democracy and freedom throughout the world,

That [went well](http://www.newsmax.com/newsfront/Pentagon_Irac_debacle/2008/04/17/88948.html)...

"Fall mountains, just don't fall on me." ~Jimi Hendrix, *If 6 Was 9*
&gt;A team of scholars at the University of Maryland has been tracking deaths caused by organized violence. Their data show that wars of all kinds have been declining since the mid-1980s and that we are now at the lowest levels of global violence since the 1950s. Deaths from terrorism are reported to have risen in recent years. But on closer examination, 80 percent of those casualties come from Afghanistan and Iraq, which are really war zones with ongoing insurgencies—and the overall numbers remain small. Looking at the evidence, *Harvard's polymath professor Steven Pinker has ventured to speculate that we are probably living "in the most peaceful time of our species' existence."*

I wish people would believe statistics...
[Use Wikipedia or google...](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fareed_Zakaria)
Dude, Zakaria is on the Daily Show and Colbert Report all the time.
He has an interesting viewpoint but his thesis is wrong. America was fortunate enough to industrialize during the first half of the oil age. Essentially, unlimited energy to grow a consumer based economy.

Other countries aspiring to become like the US will ultimately fail because their model is outdated.

The amount of energy in the second half of the oil age won't be present to continue a consumer based economy in the US, nevermind the rest of the world.
&gt;the term "anti-american" isn't appropriate for people that hate Bush

Absolutely.

Even though a weight of US media, and a number of US diplomats and ambassadors have deliberately portrayed it the other way around.
Agreed. The issue is that people tend to relate to what they 'feel' moreso than what they can rationalize. If we could personify these statistics in a way that rivals the onslaught of negative news reporting, perhaps people would 'feel' safer. But, that doesn't gain newschannel market share now, does it?
Yeah. You cannot have a fear campaign that things are going better than normal. This is why Bush won his second term...
Being gen-x, I felt so depressed as I grew into a young adult, as there was not much to inspire. Jobs were far and few between, the promise of a university education translating into a meaningful career was no longer valid, and we saw our parents get downsized for their loyalty. 

I learned the most valuable and meaningful lesson - perspiration, not inspiration, was the key to our future. Living off the laurels of the past is not a recipe for future success, but learning to work hard and adapt to the circumstances at hand. 

Yes, we need to be inspired, but we  also need to stop whining, and get up off our collective asses and make positive change. Our 'leaders' will then follow.
Evertime you post a US news in the "WORLDnews" reddit xenu rapes a children while hillary slaps him and strips and ron paul is tortured: http://reddit.com/info/6i4t4/comments/
TFA:
&gt; "Americans see that a new world is coming into being, but fear it is one being shaped in distant lands and by foreign people."

"OMFG!", says Susie Starbucks, the Harvard lawyer, as she climbs out of her planet-destroying SUV sporting a 'support our troops' magnet, while snacking on Kentucky Fried Third World Orphan limbs, "We don't get to rule the planet as a totalitarian dictator any more!"

Gosh, what ever shall we do? Other countries might be able to pee without our permission.  What about the war quota? How will we keep dark-skinned people subservient enough to be used for doormats? This won't do at all!
that was an awesome article. It doesn't make me fearful though because I think we can catch back up. After all many of the advances of the rest if the world are due to following and refining our economic/piolitical models. We just need to get back to our roots.
I agree.  The "acomplishments" mentioned are also quite specious.

FTFA:

_Look around. The world's tallest building is in Taipei, and will soon be in Dubai._

Yes, and they are colossal wastes of material and energy.  Even if they are pretty cool.

_Its largest publicly traded company is in Beijing. Its biggest refinery is being constructed in India._

Yes, but we're starting to see the downslope of the oil age.  This is a dubious accomplishment at best.

_ Its largest passenger airplane is built in Europe. _

LOL!  And this has been a failure so far.  And fuel prices rise, I predict these gian A380s will be sitting in hangers most of the time.

There's more that Zakaria lists, but it is the same.  That is last year's game buddy.  Now we need to be thinking about ecological accomplishments and energy efficiency.
Generally I agree that it is annoying when people put US news in the worldnews reddit. But this particular article is in fact very much about the rest of the world, and hence fits fine in the worldnews reddit.
Oook, I didn't read the article, I just saw "fading of america" in the title and I assumed it was talking only about usa.
The way I see it, the USA (or at least the region I live in, New England) is going the way of Europe. 

France and Great Britian throughout the 19th and 20th Centuries rejected ages-old institutions of colonialism, unregulated corporate capitalism, imperialism and ethnocentrism in favor of liberal democracy, fair trade, secularism and domestic concern.   Being the main players on the world stage just didn't jive with Europeans after a while.

And it seems that at least here in New England and the Northeast in general, that this kind of attitude is being swiftly adopted. I just hope it catches wind in the rest of the states soon.
continental europe has been trying to cooperate with russia for over 100 years now. it's a natural alliance. england never liked the prospect of that, and has stirred the pot repeatedly.
What idiots. They ignore the elephant in the room, that we are being ruled by an unelected tyrant who is torturing and murdering people all over the world, making us ashamed to be Americans, turning us into a police state at home, and selling out our jobs and our industry for more money for his buddies, all of which is bound to make any free and fair people gloomy.
He{s got a new book coming, hence the article in newsweek and foreign affairs.

But very interesting about the decline of the geopolitical presence of USA
This country needed a wakeup call...and we are getting it hard. Its good for the country to reprioritize...especially with the elections coming up...Next pres needs to be on the hook for actionable change for this country.
[deleted]
I didnt think i would have to point this out but no one else seems to have mentioned it.

The reason America is slipping is because of this 'free market' propaganda. As the article points out you've allowed all your biggest corporations to shift operations oversees, shifting many of their benefits to the home population with them.

Meanwhile you have deregulated your markets and allowed a massive speculative dot com bubble to form, then cushioned its collapse by pushing it into subprime mortgages.

Having a manufacturing economy isnt impossbile in this age. You've just let yours wither by opening your borders to goods made by your corporations in other countries.

Look at Germany, they have the largest manufacture for export economy in the world. Theyve achieved this by subsidising and planning their economy. Something corporate free marketters have ruled out by calling it socialism.
All this is exacerbated by having a corrupt leader fighting overseas to raise oil prices.
I choked a little in the lead paragraph, which says "deaths from terror attacks" are not enough to explain the malaise. I should hope not, since the US hasn't had any deaths like that for seven years now.
...Which would mean Germany, Scandinavia, and Japan.
[deleted]
There's a mistake in the article. The largest publicly traded company is no longer in China. 

They were referencing to PTR (petrochina). That bubble popped in October.
[deleted]
"Now we need to be thinking about ecological accomplishments and energy efficiency."

Europe is way ahead of us in that regard as well. These past 8 years we've actually gone backwards in energy efficiency.
So the rise of the US wrt Europe was not due to: natural resources, empty (after the genocide) land to expand on, key geostrategical position, lack of powerful adjacent states. It was because of the freedom(tm). Of course, how slavery and effective de jure discrimination fit in this picture is an exercise for the reader, I guess.
Fellow New-Englander here, and I agree with your perception.  The problem is that I'm afraid that it's *not* going to catch on with the rest of the states.  We continue to be held captive by a system that favors the rural "red" states.  

If the unthinkable happens, and McCain is elected, I wonder if there will be any viability to a peaceful secessionist movement in the Northeast.  

Sometimes it's almost enough to make me wonder if [John Titor](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Titor) was real.  :)
To those leaving comments....did anyone actually read the entire article? It seems most of you didn't get past the first page. Just wondering.
Such fucking bullshit.  The only reason that Newsweek is publishing this bullshit is because the Boomers are headed out the door and they like to read articles liked this because doom and gloom actually makes the greedy sons of bitches feel better.
Zakaria was on [Charlie Rose](http://video.google.com/videosearch?num=10&amp;so=1&amp;hl=en&amp;q=charlie+rose+duration%3Along&amp;start=0) a couple of days ago saying pretty much the same thing.
You overestimate the power and capabilities of a president.  Besides, it is wrong to think that government holds any answers or that looking to government to provide answers is even a good idea in any way.
Europe is ahead in *setting* environmental goals, but far behind in achieving them.
Further proof that people only read headlines.
RAGE AGAINST THAT MACHINE!
Of course you get down voted. Conventional wisdom is all wrong. Spidermite is right. Check out

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ha-Joon_Chang

Check out his latest book "Bad Samaritans" He demolishes free market revisionism and the world is flat Friedmanomics bullshit.
Great Article. Moronic Headline.

Reddit does an excellent job of mocking the 'US is #1' redneck stereotype. I hope (but don't expect) that this will open a few eyes aboutthe other side of the same coin. I'm talking about the spectacular *success* of Globalism and those who continue to believe that the attitudes of the world is solely controlled by policies coming out of the State department.
wow this is an extremely well written article for newsweek, dare to say even a must read.  Makes you think about a lot of things. 
What needs to be fixed?  Healthcare, parochialism, subsidizing the poor?
I live in Boston and I am offended by your blatantly and disgustingly elitist position.
Govt = bunch of people banded together for common purposes. Govt not always bad. Without collective efforts nothing would get achieved -  e.g., pyramids (govt project).
This is the most insightful comment in the thread to date.
Kennedy was full of hot air.  The space race was about war and defense competition, not peace.  That's just the BS they told the public.  It was about competing with the Ruskies.

Inspiration has solved 0 problems.  You can live a purpose filled life without temporary inspiration from a narcissistic wind bag who's banging hookers in the White House.  

I liked Kennedy too but he isn't sacrosanct.  Typical politician but with atypical movie star looks. Our leaders now are no different from the ones in the past - flawed human beings with mucho charisma who do some good but only if that good personally benefits them too. I see nothing wrong with this, but then again, I'm a Gen-x realist. It's hard to be inspired with the cards we got dealt and the fact that our parents thought we were Rosemary's Baby and Damien.  Fucking self-centered Boomers... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_generations

Sadly Gen-X has created another generation of mini-Boomers in Gen-Y b/c we reacted to our neglect by over-idulging our children who we wrongly identified with.  BS Cycles...
Pundits like Zakaria (and, worst of all, Friedman) drive me crazy. They are reasonably intelligent journalists who, by virture of travel and observation, believe that they have particular insight into the world. They support said "insight" with anecdote and stylized facts.

In general, their observations and writings are on par with the best undergraduate papers from a top research university. They are often thought-provoking and generally well-written (Friedman is an exception here), but ultimately are about as empirically accurate and theoretically fecund as *Who Moved My Cheese.* The pathetic thing is that this level of thought passes for intellectualism among US business and government elite.

Thanks for the Chang cite. You restored some of my faith in the reddit audience.
&gt; I agree. The "acomplishments" mentioned are also quite specious.

Zakaria himself admits as much, in the article. The issue is that any list of achievements one produces to illustrate American dominance, or the lack thereof, is going to be just as arbitrary. The concept is easy to recognize but hard to define.
&gt; If the unthinkable happens, and McCain is elected, I wonder if there will be any viability to a peaceful secessionist movement in the Northeast.

If New England didn't secede over a radical right-winger like Bush, they're not going to secede over a moderate like McCain.
Worth repeating:

"Steven Pinker has ventured to speculate that we are probably living "in the most peaceful time of our species' existence.""


Definately the most peaceful time in the last 50 years.
I like Fareed's stuff
A government is only as good as its people.
Great article
[His TED Talk](http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/163) 

As much as the crowd on reddit tries to believe the world has been sinking into a worse state, I see every reason to believe this is the best time in history to be alive.
But we have fascinated the rest of the world as an idea and ideology for far longer.

Everywhere else in the world is deemed "exotic" or a nice spot to go on holiday, but never "the land of opportunity." Everywhere else, the people see that glass ceiling of caste systems and long-standing nobility; in America, they see the unbreakable chain of personal determinism and meritocracy that survives even in the face of corporate (i.e., rich people) welfare and bailouts, and government lobbying that makes corruption legal and transparent.

Sure, we haven't dominated with military might all those years, but as a beacon for political, social, and cultural freedom/refuge that has never seen nor never will see an equal in our lifetimes.
I also live in Boston, and am offended by your offense.

But I lived in Tennessee for a long time too. Get like, Nam-flashbacks still, shudder.
&gt; ... Until China starts protecting IP, China will continually suck on intellectual economies like the US. It will take generations to change that mindset.

By copying China is in fact helping us ... forcing us to switch to a service based information economy away from a 'information control' based one even more quickly.  Nothing is being sucked away.  The copyright system is immoral dog-shit, financially going under, and (thank God) is effectively becoming unenforceable.  The anti-copyright culture is one of the few good things China has going for it.
&gt;Even the Constitution (Article 1, Section 8) talks about this type of protection.

It doesn't talk about protection (nor property), it talks about incentive.  And even that is not taken as a basic right ... what kind of inaliable right has an expiration date?   Not that it matters, rights exist above the constitution, not because of it.
Thought it was a great article, read the whole thing.  Fareed Zakaria is by far one of the most insightful writers working in the media today.  

First saw him on the daily show a couple years ago, have read some really helpful stuff on iraq and foreign policy, he really knows his stuff. 

Thought this article was pretty thought provoking.  Title might be a turn off, but I think he took it to an interesting place.
This really is a great article.
Reddit seems to pick out all the worst parts of society.  As invaluable as that is, all the negative news made me forget that the general global trend is towards peace and prosperity.  Thanks for the  link.
[deleted]
There is so much wrong with this article it should be considered sesame street. Military power trumps everything else. Bollywood isn't even close to Hollywood. Indians think because America out-sourced a few jobs to India that they are now all-powerful. It's a few bucks. 

Show me some stats on the profits of Bollywood vs Hollywood... Your insane.

I'm not advocating America and I'm really pissed off that we sent jobs to India. I'm simply calling bullshit. The points in this article are not facts. It's just a rant.

Donald Trump made about a billion dollars less than Bill Gates. And how does India's biggest companies compare to Walmart, IBM, Exxon, Google, Microsoft - etc. etc. etc.?

Give me a break - this article was published by an Indian who made some cash and thinks he's the shit.

I didn't bother to read past page three, because the first three pages were littered with falsehoods.
Fareed Zakaria does not rant. You are the one who's ranting.

When Zakaria wrote, "the biggest movie industry is Bollywood, not Hollywood," I assume he meant that more people watch Bollywood films. This is no doubt true, as Bollywood movies can be found in every corner of India and neighboring countries; Western films cannot. Why? B/c many more people in that region speak Hindi (the language of Bollywood films) than English.

Military power does NOT trump everything else--economic power does. You need a sound economy to fund the military. Over time an economically powerful nation can always build a military. 

In fact, it's possible the U.S. will soon be suffering from what Paul Kennedy called "imperial overstretch." Can we really afford to spend what we've been spending in Afghanistan and Iraq indefinitely?

"I'm really pissed off that we sent jobs to India." This sounds borderline racist, and makes me believe you do not understand globalization. Outsourcing and offshoring has been happening since the dawn of trade. Whenever you buy a foreign-made good you have effectively "offshored" the production of that item. When foreigners buy American-made goods and services, they have "sent jobs to America." 

What was done with manufacturing is now being done with the service industry. Wake up and smell the chai: this is the new reality.
Yes, you're right. I caught that too. Remember it's an excerpt from a book, so it's bound to be a bit dated, with the time it takes to publish and all.

But the general point, that the rest of the world will be producing bigger companies, is true. Once China fully opens its stock market I'm sure there will be many Chinese companies  that are larger than Western ones.
Thanks!

Nice to see that argument in more detail, that was a pretty interesting listen.
In Germany it is virtually impossible to fire workers. Taxes are also much, much higher in Germany than in the US. It is also a much more expensive place to live.

If you think subsidizing and planning the economy leads to success, look at Japan. MITI played a big role in planning the economy there and it's been in recession for more than a decade. Gov't planning does not work.

Neither does overzealous gov't regulation. Before the airlines were deregulated in the US it was very expensive to fly. Deregulation allowed the entry of discount airlines--like SouthWest Airlines, ATA and others--and drove prices down, for the benefit of all travelers. Why do you think ticket prices remain low today even with rising oil prices?

The US has many problems--and I agree with you that the Bush Administration is corrupt--but believing in a "free market" is not one of them. In fact, we'd be better off if our markets were much more open than they actually are. We still have far too many trade barriers and subsidies (for farmers, tax breaks for oil companies, etc.).

What makes the US strong is that we can shift resources and workers from declining industries to rising ones; from autos to infotech, for example. This explains how we still create world-leading firms like Google, Microsoft, Berkshire Hathaway, Goldman Sachs, etc.
"the world doesn't really need a super-power anymore"

Tell that to the Taiwanese. If it weren't for the US being a super power, Taiwan would have been overrun by China years ago.

Tell that to Kuwait. If the US hadn't intervened and spanked Saddam, Kuwait would now be a province of Iraq.

Tell that to Ukrainians. If they didn't have  US-led NATO to lean on, the Ukraine would today be effectively run from Moscow.

Tell that to the victims of the 1992-5 Bosnian war. If it wasn't for US intervention (Europe was useless in policing its own backyard), many more people would have died and Serbia would today dominate the region.

No, a world superpower is still very much needed.
Lets get one thing clear, im not arguing that 'freedom of the market' is a bad thing in all cases. Im saying that this term is often used as a propaganda tool to remove essential regulations on business. Just look at enron to see what happens when the chickens control the roost.

Im a firm believer in a combination of socialism &amp; capitalism being the best solution. The regulatory line just needs to be put in the right place otherwise markets become inneficient, cartels form, they infringe on the rights of others and can become exploitative. Regulations are there for a reason and your attitude of all regulations are bad is naive.

In regards to the price of air travel, i think you'll find that has dropped all over the world.

I would take issue with your example of why the US is strong too. Shifting workers from highly skilled industries is about education,  which is mostly the governments business. The success of google and microsoft is down to having the right skilled and educated workforce and the investment capital.

Germanys stricter employment laws protect people from being exploited by their employers and moving operations abroad. Their taxes are higher but they get far more public services like free health care. None of this discounts the fact that Germanies social planning fo its economy is extrmemely effective and has brought great wealth.

By most accounts, govt planning works extremely well. See this chart for how Germany &amp; Japan export far more than US in terms of population.
http://www.economist.com/research/articlesBySubject/displaystory.cfm?subjectid=7933596&amp;story_id=11081148

Also, you include several financial firms as examples of why the US is strong. I would say that the stockmarket system weakens companies. It makes them prioritise profit and share price rather than innovation and long term planning. In germany most investment is done by banks, so the same shortfalls dont apply.

Summary:
This really is a great article.
The points in this article are not facts.
I would take issue with your example of why the US is strong too.
Makes you think about a lot of things.
Thought it was a great article, read the whole thing.
The anti-copyright culture is one of the few good things China has going for it.
The culture of "I love to be hated" is upon us.
It doesn't make me fearful though because I think we can catch back up.
America is an IDEA, that is still attractive to much of the world, because it is good.
I travel all the time, the world never hated Americans, they have issues with our government and foreign policy.
I didnt think i would have to point this out but no one else seems to have mentioned it.
What you are confusing is "bigger without innovation" idea going through America right now.
Generally I agree that it is annoying when people put US news in the worldnews reddit.
It will take generations to change that mindset.
"*

I wish people would believe statistics...
That is still in the USA, just like it was during the US civil war.
What can possibly go wrong?
If you say you agree, you agree with the whole thing.
The US has many problems--and I agree with you that the Bush Administration is corrupt--but believing in a "free market" is not one of them.
It is also a much more expensive place to live.
I was agreeing with the above statement.
This is an excellent article.
I don't always agree with what Fareed Zakaria says, but I always enjoy his articles.
We just need to get back to our roots.
No, a world superpower is still very much needed.
I should hope not, since the US hasn't had any deaths like that for seven years now.
Zakaria himself admits as much, in the article.
As the article points out, our great strength is still our open and free atmosphere which attracts people from all over the world.
Fareed Zakaria is a good writer.
Agreed, the marketing in our America is the greatest in what it does.
Look at Germany, they have the largest manufacture for export economy in the world.
The problem is that I'm afraid that it's *not* going to catch on with the rest of the states.
But I lived in Tennessee for a long time too.
People the world over hate Bush and the current administration.
But the general point, that the rest of the world will be producing bigger companies, is true.
I liked Kennedy too but he isn't sacrosanct.
It seems most of you didn't get past the first page.
Gov't planning does not work.
In fact, we'd be better off if our markets were much more open than they actually are.
America has only dominated the world for less than 75 years.
Fareed Zakaria is by far one of the most insightful writers working in the media today.
I just hope it catches wind in the rest of the states soon.
"Bigger is better" is what made Hollywood the world's number one entertainment source.
A government is only as good as its people.
Europe is way ahead of us in that regard as well.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.39
