Original Response:
IS this title a joke?
I'm not sure I'd go that far...I do think there are people in the Bush admin who have been trying to come up with a pretext for attacking Iran, and given what happened in Iraq, I don't trust Bush, Cheney and the rest.  However, I don't see Iran as a friend.  Doesn't mean I think we should be on a war footing with them
[deleted]
murder the american gov't
the words Iran, peaceful and nuclear CANNOT be user in the same sentence.

are you fucking crazy? Religious fanatic or very stupid or worst: naive enough to believe anything coming from a "islamic anything"
title....ROFLOL
...get the US to stop breaking 3 articles of the Non-Nuclear Proliferation Treaty when Iran is fully compliant?
lol haha you can rest assured that the second iran has the capability of building a nuclear weapon they will, and they will test it and then here come the "allah blessed us with this weapon because it was our divine right and we will annihilate the jews and any who who stand between us and gods glory yadda yadda" hate speeches. Whether we need to be bombing them or not, to say they harbor peaceful intentions is naive and insane
What's the last country they attacked?
If they wanted to kill jews they would've gotten rid of their own jewish population by now.
If you've got proof, I'd like to see it.
The U.S. in Iraq?
I agree. The Iranian people are good people who like the American public don't want war. But also like America they are lead by a mad man who's actions and motives have no basis in logic
Announcemnt:  We are. Seems we are the world police, whether the world or even the US citizens think we should be.  Welcome to the rise and fall of another empire.  Ever hear of the British empire?  

Sorry if your not happy with it, but we got the bombs.  Don't worry, we're imploding on ourselves right now.  Stand by for the next global power that everyone will hate.
"We, the German Fuhrer and Chancellor, and the British Prime Minister, have had a further meeting today and are agreed in recognising that the question of Anglo-German relations is of the first importance for the two countries and for Europe. We regard the agreement signed last night and the Anglo-German naval agreement as symbolic of the desire of our two peoples never to go to war with one another again. We are resolved that the method of consultation shall be the method adopted to deal with any other questions that may concern our two countries and we are determined to continue our efforts to remove possible sources of difference and thus to contribute to assure the peace of Europe."


"My good friends, for the second time in our history, a British Prime Minister has returned from Germany bringing peace with honour. I believe it is peace for our time."
The US doesn't determine it's middle east foreign policy, Israel does.
well, if you keep using *logic* he might run out of shitty arguments... we don't want that, do we?

btw: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/5367892.stm
[deleted]
The world should realise that Mahmoud is clearly a US puppet.
what i wanna know is, why is only 1 side allowed to have bombs?
Looks like you got your telescope the rong way round there
Re: Policing responsibilities;

You’re fired
Good job.  The world is a better place now. 

Moron.
A new president, preferably named Obama.
No joke... I think it'll take an Iranian nuclear weapon, detonated in Washington D.C., to get us on board with their peaceful nuclear ambitions though.
What will it take to get the U.S. on board? 

Giving Dick Cheney all their oil.
fatface
[deleted]
What will it take?  Full disclosure to the UN (as in on-site inspections) by the Iranian government.  Always was the case.
You're right.  The U.S. must be stopped before it kills again.
You will downvote primus, but he is partly right.  I highly doubt Iran is the "good guy" and the US is the "bad guy."  They are most certainly both bad guys, but Iran's threat to the US is 99% less than that of Russia, China, etc.
The US will never get on board. You assume the US acts rationally. This is not the case.
You were downmodded less than 2 minutes from making the comment

&gt;I highly doubt Iran is the "good guy" and the US is the "bad guy."

People on reddit are not here to hear your opinion.  Keep your mouth shut unless you agree or we will bury you!
Possibly, though if [Peak](http://www.theoildrum.com/) [Oil](http://www.lifeaftertheoilcrash.net/) claims are true, Iran may need alternate sources of energy soon too.

I am no expert but I understand there are types of energy-generating reactors that don't produce weaponizable fuel byproducts.  Seems that could solve the problem.

Also, I'd say Iran has a definite need for nuclear weapons.  They're surrounded on both sides by US Forces in Afghanistan and Iraq, led by an oilman president chomping at the bit control that area of the world.  If I were in their shoes I'd want some kind of deterrent too.
You do realise that it was Iraq that invaded Iran right?
if their nuclear ambitions were truly peaceful, they would have no need to enrich their own uranium. they could get all they need for power plants from russia. unfortunately, this is not their goal.

This viewpoint is naive.

fuck all of you who say "why cant both sides have bombs"
fuck all of you who say "the us used atomic bombs why cant anyone else make them"

We're the United States, and when the head of state of a foreign country says things like "Death to the USA" and that same country has nuclear ambitions, EXCUSE ME if we get a little concerned.
Fuck off.
[deleted]
Yeah, that worked out great for Iraq.
How did reddit become so skewed with such a strange mentality?

Don't read reddit and think the opinions there represent a sampling of the real world, it's not even close. Reddit users (in general) have very odd opinions, and are mostly wrong, but don't try telling reddit users that, you'll just get downmodded.

You'll see a few posters here and there making jokes about people getting downmodded for have non-popular opinions, but that's it.

Do normal people not like to post or something? Or moderate posts?

I tried in one story to push the comments toward reality, it was hard, and half of my comments got modded to negative, the other half to positive double digits. There were a few inteligent people who disagreed, but the majority just were idiots, I know it's harsh to say but it's the truth.

Should I just give up and let the lunatics have reddit? Is there no hope? Is there maybe another site? Digg loads far far too slow for me to read it (45 seconds for each page to render is just too slow).
India is looking out for it's own interests as is Russia, other important UN nations back sanctions.
I'd like to thank you for being one of the few on this site to mention that, usually it's the "with us or agsinst us" crowd on both sides telling each other how bad their leadership is.

I don't see how anyone could like the federal gov't of either nation.
You mean the rest-of-world mentality where the media and government are not coopted by Zionists?
I don't know, what will it take for people to stop submitting foaming-at-the-mouth [rant blogs](http://www.theseminal.com/2008/04/25/mccain-trying-to-have-his-cake-and-eat-it-too/) disguising as legitimate a news source?
Yes, all the mideast nations out of compliance with the NPT should be brought to heel.
&gt; Keep your mouth shut unless you agree or we will bury you!

Not to mention you have [guys](http://reddit.com/info/6h3qi/comments/c03tnmo) who actually believe Iran is more moral than the US on reddit. But strangely enough, nobody would move there though.
I thought it was kind of sad you were reduced to explaining what "International waters" mean to someone engaging you in debate over foreign policy.
I think you're being naive. It's like when people come on to reddit and go "lol, crazy liberals", when really they just can't accept their own views are fringe views.

I haven't much of a high opinion of people who come on to reddit and think "man, the majority doesn't agree with me, they must all happen to be crazies!". If you think this yourself, you should probably take a look in the mirror before jumping to the less likely conclusion.
Iran obviously wants nukes, and we cant let them get them. sadly, i fear its too late to strike the production facilities because they are now operational and fallout would be a problem. I dont know what options are available at this stage.
Because the other side signed a treaty saying they would not pursue bombs.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NNPT#Iran
Been reading mein kampf lately then I take it?
[deleted]
I think the US will be on board after we take all their oil
Sure, get them on board. Remember last time, Hitler and folks appeared to have peaceful ambitions, too...
I'm glad the US is the world police. Imagine China being it. I'd shoot myself. Or the policemen me, depends.
That treaty is a good thing. Every country should sign that.
&gt; I tried in one story to push the comments toward reality, it was hard, and half of my comments got modded to negative, the other half to positive double digits. There were a few inteligent people who disagreed, but the majority just were idiots, I know it's harsh to say but it's the truth.

Are you referring to the one where you claimed that Iraq was already in the midst of a civil war before the U.S. military entered in 2003?
Who is "we?" North Korea has nukes and, apparently, deterrence works.

The ONLY thing that would change if Iran had nukes is Israel's unilateral power to blow shit up without repercussions.
No - and besides I never said that. The one about the baby taken away by a judge.
&gt; when the head of state of a foreign country says things like "Death to the USA"

[citation needed]
About 8 months, because then we'll have a new... oh wait...
[deleted]
[deleted]
no because the jews already have (US) nukes.
at last some common sense. I was wondering if I were alone with a bunch of stupid idealists kids.
Perhaps you should be asking India that.
&gt;We're the United States,

What you are now is nothing compared to what you once were.  What you are now, is corrupt and impotent in the world economic stage.  I suggest you learn another language.
&gt;you have guys who actually believe Iran is more moral than the US...

Maybe that is 'cos Iran hasn't invaded any other countries, brought down democratic governments, financed and encouraged regime change, installed and supported fascist dictatorships, started illegal wars...
Complete regime change and American oli companies with exclusive contracts in Iran.
You call *that* "common sense"???  ROTFL!
do you really want to get into that?
Your argument will be ripped to shreds.

Wanna start with how they treat women?
Or should we start with something a little less intense?
maybe if you keep saying that over and over it will become true.

good luck.
Announcement:

Yes we are, without us, the world would turn to shit, fast.  

Deny all you want, we know better.
how is a nuclear bomb a "deterrent"?
The US has them.. having one or a dozen will not stop the US from doing anything at all.
It's your argument that will be ripped to shreds!

I already made some points - why not start there? -  or are you just going to continuing evading the points I made  whilst trying to change the subject?
Hey dumbass, I did not change the subject, the subject is morality and how they treat people plays right into that.


Just a few of the nice laws against Women:


Article 18 of passport law, married women requires their husband's permission to apply for a passport. 

Article 21 of Iran’s Constitution indicates: "The government must ensure the rights of women in all 
respects, in conformity with Islamic criteria..." This leaves it up to the clergymen to interpret the laws 
pertaining to women. 

Article 83 of the Penal Code, called the Law of Hodoud, stipulates that the penalty for fornication is 
flogging, i.e. 100 strokes of the lash, for unmarried male and female offenders.

Article 102 of Iran’s Constitution indicates: "Women who appear on streets and in public without the 
prescribed ‘Islamic Hejab’ will be condemned to 74 strokes of the lash.” 

Article 115 of Iran’s Constitution states the condition for the presidential candidates the law states that: 
“The President must come from among the religious and political statesmen (rejal)." The word rejal 
literally means men of high achievement. 

Article 162 of Iran’s Constitution states the condition for the attorney general. "The head of justice 
department and attorney general must be ‘mojtahed’ [a religious man who is able to issue decree], 
honest, and knowledgeable in legal subject matters." 

Article 167 of Iran’s Constitution explains: "The Judge is bound to attempt to rule on each case, on the 
basis of the codified law. In case of the absence of any such law, he has to deliver his judgment on the 
basis of official Islamic sources and authentic fatwa.” 

Article 209 of Iran’s Constitution states that woman's life is valued only half as much as a man's life. A 
convicted man who has intentionally slain a woman is subject to execution only after the payment of 
"Deyeh" by the family of the victim. "Deyeh" is defined as a sum of money that the victim's family has to 
pay to the assailant's family for the physical damages, dismemberment, or death of the assailant. 

Article 300 of the Penal code states that the "Deyeh" of a Muslim woman is half of the "Deyeh" of a 
Muslim man. By law the life of a woman has half the value of a man in Islamic criminal law in Iran. 
In 1998, Iran’s Parliament overwhelmingly rejected the bill on same inheritance rights for man and 
women. They said the proposal was contrary to Islamic law, which stipulates that a woman’s share may 
only be one half that of a man’s. 




***********************


I could go on.
One can argue the "morality" on "invading Iraq" you can't argue how women are treated in Iran.


Maybe the next bunch of "points" I make can be on homosexuals? Or Transexuals or  anyone not conformed to perecived "normality"?


Yea.. move on  bro.
Maybe if you ignore it, your problem will go away.  Not likely though.
Really, it's not a problem, the world (not really, just people like you)  makes it out to be a bigger issue than it truly is.

Most of could care less what the world thinks.  
And nothing the world "thinks" will change anything.

People arent going to stop accepting American aid, watching American Movies, buying American goods, or shunning American protection because they don't "like" us.
&gt; Iran hasn't invaded any other countries, brought down democratic governments, financed and encouraged regime change, installed and supported fascist dictatorships, started illegal wars...

Of course. And Hezbollah is just a hugs and barbie doll club.
&gt;People arent going to stop accepting American aid, watching American Movies, buying American goods, or shunning American protection because they don't "like" us.


Stats say otherwise.  Sorry.  Enjoy your ignorance.  The rest of the world is enjoying ignoring your country and its criminal culture.
&gt;Of all the countries in the world, is there any with less need for nuclear power than Iran? 

First rule of being a pusher - don't get hooked on your own product.
What a long post - and thanks for calling me dumbass - you vile piece of putrid wombat excrement.

I just knew somehow that your argument was so weak that you would have to resort to infantile insults.


The USA actively supports many regimes such as Saudi Arabia, U.A.E or Qatar - places that treat their women much much worse than Iran.

But these things aren't nearly as bad as waging an illegal war against a country - killing hundreds of thousands of innocent people.
If the real world tells you that you are normal and Reddit tells you that you have fringe views then it most likely that the real world is right.
You can't be this stupid. You're pulling our leg right?
Think what you want about Iran, but nuclear energy is the most logical option as the gas boom crashes down. Iran with nukes is (possibly) bad, Iran with Nuclear energy is not a threat. Do you not trust the international monitoring agencies to see that they comply? And you do realize that it would be a relatively long time before they could become any kind of "imminent threat" to any American right? And regarding Israel, that's not our problem. I'm sure that will construed as anti-semitic but we have no reason to bear the consequences Israel's failed policies. We need to stop funding Israel and it's enemies.
[deleted]
http://deoxy.org/wc/warcrime.htm
You make it sound like reddit isn't made up of real people.
The world =
* India [getting Iranian gas through new pipeline](http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/meast/04/28/iran.pipeline/index.html)
* Switzerland [getting Iranian gas as foreign minister wears headscarf](http://www.worldpoliticsreview.com/Article.aspx?id=1858)
* Russia just causing trouble wherever they can
Clearly you're joking.

It will take a 10 megaton explosion in Tehran to get us on board with Iran's peaceful intentions.

Shock and awe motherfuckers.
WTF willwork4rmb! 
"The art of leadership ... consists in consolidating the attention of the people against a single adversary and taking care that nothing will split up that attention.... The leader of genius must have the ability to make different opponents appear as if they belonged to one category." Hitler, Mein Kampf vol1 ch3

This can be attributed to either side here, but please lets not blame worldwide Jewry here and now, in the 21st century. Let that one die, OK?
On that note, my desire to destroy Iran has nothing to do with some Worldwide Al-Qieda bullshit, that line of crap is just as stupid as Hitler's propaganda.  We must destroy Iran because it is an adversarial Middle Eastern country.  I don't care about Islam or Al-Qiaeda, because all of the 9/11 terrorists came from allied countries (Egypt and Saudi Arabia).  The "War on Terror" is really a war to pacify the stretch of real estate between Egypt and Pakistan, and it's working out pretty well. 90% of the power in the region belongs to US allies now ... next stop Tehran.
sorry i forgot the correct hatespeech they would have used "zionists"
so you are saying that petraeus and everyone who actually knows whats going on in iraq from any source other than the internet or media is wrong. Iran is not actively aiding extremists and and supplying them with weapons?. I cant wait to hear who you think shot kennedy.
Nuclear arms are a deterrent in several ways:

1.  You can use one to devastate an invading ground army.  You bear some risk of nuclear retaliation, but you're more likely to get away with nuking an invading army than nuking a foreign state.

2.  Once you possess nukes, you'll find that world powers have a much larger interest in regime stability.  An invasion is liable to put those nukes into the hands of irresponsible extremists or irresponsible partisans, and would-be invaders don't want that.

Look at the difference in the U.S.'s interactions with, say, Iraq vs. North Korea, or Afghanistan vs. Pakistan.
I call: that the second iran has the capability of building a nuclear weapon they will, and they will test it and then here come the "allah blessed us with this weapon because it was our divine right and we will annihilate the jews and any who who stand between us and gods glory yadda yadda"

that common sense

Yes, and you should too especially if you're in the USA. (luckily I'M not)
Thanks for clarifying your idiocy.
The fact of the matter is Iran is desperate to build an atomic weapon and one would be a complete idiot to think otherwise.

The point is ....so what if they are.  We have 15,000 and can put them into the window of Amendinfuckface's office window whenever we want.
He is not ignorant - He is 'Captain-Obliviouss'

He will always love the USA no matter how evil they are. No matter what evil acts they commit, he is simply too brainwashed to see the truth.

Sad really.
&gt;without us,[The USA] the world would turn to shit, fast.

If you weren't such an arrogant shit you would be able to see, in real time, the sad demise of the American empire. And how the rest of the world are just going to yawn and carry on as your influence evaporates, your dollar crashes - and any international respect left for your political system is demolished by the war criminals that dominate your government.

Without you, the world would turn to shit - Don't think so!
&gt;People arent going to stop accepting American aid, watching American Movies, buying American goods, or shunning American protection because they don't "like" us.

When you guys wake up to reality - boy are you going to be surprised!
Downmodded for blogfaggotry and shitty title. OP fails at failing.
&gt;we know better

Nearly all the world’s troubles come right after someone says that.
No

I’m saying that, having deposed the Shah, but then discovering that they liked the popular choice even less, through the good offices of Oliver North, Donald Rumsfeld and their close colleague Sadaam Hussein, the US not only attacked, but sponsored  an 8-year war against Iran.

Now, in the aftermath of an illegal and massively unsuccessful war of aggression, waged by the US on Iran’s neighbor, Iraq, and under constant sabre-rattling and threats from the US, the Iranians give aid across their border to enemies of the US.

*Nasty* man. Poor baby.
by a non-compliant thug
coz that’s worked *so* well in… er … um… er… 

well, you can’t get fooled again.

Read me that story about the goat, will ya?
you don’t even know who to shoot – but you do know; shooting’s the answer
Which "non-compliant thug" have you got in mind? Some thugs deserve one another, and we should stand clear.
I didn't mean it the way you took it.
Ok.. wake me when it happens then, your empty predictions are just that.. empty.


Haters.. seem to believe that America is nothing, that nothing will happen if we suddenly just dissapeared.


It is YOU who are mistaken.

Could you live without us.. certainly, no one argues that point.

Would life be the same? Would you be safe?  Doubtful.  Many seem to think America does nothing good in the world
and everything revolves around Iraq.

If you are honest with yourself and put the hate stick down for a few minutes and research what America does do for the non Americans on this planet, you might think otherwise.
k

how did you mean it?
the one, I imagine, that would do the ‘bringing to heel.’

&gt;all the mideast nations out of compliance

that, btw, would include Israel, yes?
Israel has nukes? Is that on official position in the U.S.?
[that](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel_and_weapons_of_mass_destruction)’s [a](http://www.cdi.org/issues/nukef&amp;f/database/isnukes.html) [joke](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/programmes/correspondent/2841377.stm), [right](http://www.theglobalist.com/storyid.aspx?storyid=3217)?
we know better as in we have a different take on it, a different opinion.  We believe that if we didn't defend our (and our allies )interests, the world would quickly be divided amoung the strongest.. hina, Russia etc... and the rest would be forever entwined in local wars.


I did not mean, they are stupid we know best.
ah, the Benevolent Patrician

happy are those under our protection.
you're welcome.

Summary:
What will it take to get the U.S. on board?
I think you're being naive.
The US will never get on board.
I think the US will be on board after we take all their oil.
The U.S. must be stopped before it kills again.
The point is ....so what if they are.
I believe it is peace for our time."
Without you, the world would turn to shit - Don't think so!
do you really want to get into that?
You do realise that it was Iraq that invaded Iran right?
&gt;Of all the countries in the world, is there any with less need for nuclear power than Iran?
And nothing the world "thinks" will change anything.
no because the jews already have (US) nukes.
The world is a better place now.
However, I don't see Iran as a friend.
People on reddit are not here to hear your opinion.
Iran obviously wants nukes, and we cant let them get them.
Would life be the same?
You can't be this stupid.
Doesn't mean I think we should be on a war footing with them.
how is a nuclear bomb a "deterrent"?
Sure, get them on board.
I did not mean, they are stupid we know best.
Also, I'd say Iran has a definite need for nuclear weapons.
If the real world tells you that you are normal and Reddit tells you that you have fringe views then it most likely that the real world is right.
The Iranian people are good people who like the American public don't want war.
I highly doubt Iran is the "good guy" and the US is the "bad guy."
Most of could care less what the world thinks.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.20
