Original Response:
wow i look at the first sponser and i quit :P
Why? What's so hard about drinking, say, water? Or tea? Or juice, for that matter?
Fantastic post. I didn't know it was that easy to find a list. :)
Good luck with that..

Love you see you guys try.
Aye, support the latest US sponsored color revolution.
Why boycott the sponsors?  Whats going to happen?  You'll deprive these companies of profits? Now?  Probably years after they've invested whatever they pledged to?

What are these companies going to do even if a boycott worked?  Speak on your behalf?
Yep, Coca-Cola AND McD's? I'm out!
[deleted]
Damn you Atos Origin!!
Coca-Cola also makes water, tea and juice.  Coca-Cola owns everything, including your soul.
Thank you for the list.  I'll make sure to buy from every single one of them.
Another idiot 'boycott' this or that sht.
Tibet is really a country that's being occupied by the Chinese. This is not unlike the way the US is occupying Iraq, although they've been their longer. In China it's illegal to publicly disagree with government policies. Chinese Wikipedia is blocked by the government. I support anyone who wants to marginalize governments that do things like this. The Olympics are not any kind of necessity. Democratic systems originally arose in ancient Greece, and I think that a democratic system of government would be a reasonable requirement for hosting the Olympic games.
Your choice, but it will be a cold day in hell before I ever eat at McDonalds.
haha, there we go, let's see you people boycott just the olympic sponsors.

After all that crap about how evil china is and I thought I'd have to start listing the stuff you buy from China, but I guess in keeping with the 'boycott the olympics' line instead of 'boycott totalitarian regimes' that list is suitable...
Coca cola doesn't make water, they charge you a fortune for the water that comes out of your tap, their processed juice sucks and I don't drink tea.
If the sponsors think that their connection is inappropriate, they will pull out. This could potentially be very embarrassing for the Chinese government, who has promoted the Olympics extensively. For the Chinese government, getting the Olympics is a vindication of their position that China does not need to protect the rights of individuals that are respected in Western countries.
There haven't been any (ahem, recent) situations where the Olympics have been held in an authoritarian state. This is a situation where non-violent protest may actually cause change; just as the American civil rights movement did in the mid-20th century.
you're a chinese propaganda agents aren't you?
Yep they do charge a fortune for bottled water and do indeed own a lot of things. My point was that it's difficult to boycott everything that coca-cola owns:  http://www.thecoca-colacompany.com/brands/brandlist.html
I'm just saying, who has the guts to follow through?
If Tibet is an independent nation, how do you interpret the Dalai Lama's accord with Beijing?
[deleted]
I think that the threshold for change might be fairly low. That is, if McDonalds sees Han Chinese police killing non-violent protesters, they may want to distance themselves from the situation. It doesn't actually take any "guts" for Western companies to say "No Thanks." It's more about companies saying that they can't be on-board with repressive institutions. Nothing dramatic, actually.
Pragmatism.

It is difficult to envision a military or diplomatic scenario that would involve the forcible eviction of the Chinese military. I think what many want is an "EU" style solution where each culture retains a certain degree of autonomy; not subjugation by a different culture.  The problem is that, like the US with Iraq, the plan is to "kick their ass, and take their gas." Perhaps a humanitarian solution would be for China to steal all of Tibet's natural resources, while giving them some cultural autonomy. Not perfect, but better than genocide. Yes, there are oil resources in Tibet.
It's not really similar to the way the US is occupying Iraq at all.  The US is in Iraq as a military force that has no governing responsibility.

The situation with China/Tibet is more akin to the situation with Japan/Manchukuo in the 30s or Japan/Korea beginning in 1910.
Ha-ha! Iraq is not a democracy. Their government is mandated by the US military. The US military has killed tens of thousands of Iraqis, even by their own estimates. How likely is it that, in a democratic environment, Iraqis would, if given the option, choose to have foreigners continue to occupy their country. It's about as likely as me wanting Iraqi soldiers occupying the US. 

I could be misunderstanding your assertion though. Are you suggesting that Iraq has, effectively, no government? That would be a different discussion.
Your comment didn't address anything he said.
I can give up every one of those aside from Visa. Dammit.  Well I'll give up every one of those and just feel really guilty when I have to use  my Visa card.  And for everyone who focuses on Tibet so much - it's really not just Tibet that the protests are about - it's about pretty much everything the Chinese Government embodies.
I think in this case it may be smarter to target the campaign work of publicizing the cause of Tibet rather than trying to avoid all those mega-corporations.  I wish http://www.BuyBlue.org was back in business.  Was anyone else familiar with that website?
The US does have de facto governing responsibilities, even if it is politically inconvenient to admit it.
you seem to lack a historical understanding of tibet. comparing it to iraq is nonsense. 

also wikipedia is no longer blocked in china.
[deleted]
Tibet has been a part of China for centuries. Tibetans are equal Chinese citizens. There is a strong separatist movement in Tibet, however if you agree with all separatist movements, you should also boycott Spain (basques), England (N. Ireland), Turkey (kurds), Russia (Chechnya), and probably another dozen or so countries, including the US (Republic of Texas, which is not a strong movement but I would still want to see what the Federal government would do if Texan separatists became violent).  

Not to even mention Israel, which is still carrying out colonialist policies of ethnic cleansing against the Palestinians. But that is a taboo in western politics because the jews are "the holocaust victims"...
Politicising olympic events will lead nowhere except ruining the careers of the athletes who've been preparing for years. It will surely not help the cause of the Tibetans: The chinese will be even more pissed off after  the current opposition and manifestations, this will feed more into the hate.
I am not defending Chinese government, their communist and totalitarian ass stinks. But I fail to see the link between the chinese goverment, its issues with Tibet and  the olympic events.
In the next olympic events in London, do you really want people to manifest against british troops in Iraq for example OR do you want the events to remain as flame of hope and human greatness in a increasingly fucked up world?

You want to free Tibet? why didnt you act 8 year ago or are activists just good for nagging?
You can always drink Pepsi instead ;)
i'm meant to boycott snickers? but they taste soo good :( oh calamity!
What does the supplier status signify anyway? No one in their right mind would believe that a Marathon gold medalist feeds on Snickers.
If you're really worried about your VISA card you could 
[put it to good use...](https://secure2.convio.net/ict/site/Donation2?idb=1073671743&amp;df_id=1040&amp;1040.donation=form1)
You can't make a nation's independent movement just by writing in forums, putting out a fire, or protesting safely in Europe.
It is good that China is being pressured on these issues, but they shouldn't be pressured so much where they are forced to isolate themselves from the rest of the world and effectively making the lives of all Chinese worse. China has increased the wealth and health of more people than any other country. By boycotting the Olympics, you will be slapping every Chinese in the face, they are very proud of this event and I think hypocritical or applying a double standard.

Should you not boycott all American companies because of what they have been doing in Iraq?
[deleted]
Good points! Athletes shouldn't be pawns. If you're serious about getting an offending country's attention do it economically. It's putting your money where your mouth is. Given China's ongoing problems with human rights one can only think a free world leader like the US isn't even trading with the culprit. Hey, hope it doesn't start! :-)
i do hope the play on words was intentional.
why am i being downvoted? snickers is delicous. what has reddit got against chococlate and peanuts and nougat and caramal??
Oh the irony... Help support the freedom of Tibet on your Visa Card while Visa corporation helps support the Chinese Government.
Look, its useless to boycott these companies. The fact of the matter is the Olympics are a great and noble event that is worthy of being supported. I cannot abide the actions of the Chinese Government, but honestly, is not eatting at McDonalds going to do anything? Are you kidding? What a waste of energy. Look, if you REALLY are serious about helping to reform issues in Tibet, then DON'T buy anything made in China... If you can. Send a letter to your MP or senator if your American, to pressure the people in power. 

Not eatting a big mac or drinking that coke or not buying your paper at Staples isn't going to do anything. If you REALLY want to make a difference, your actually going to have to get up off your ass and DO something.
Feel free to add Walmart to that list.
Didn't Kodak recently announce that they weren't sponsoring the Olympics anymore?
I'll boycott them all with the exception of Visa.  They just went public in the biggest IPO ever.  Their stock is doing great.
Why only these? This is just one event. If you are really that concerned, then you should probably boycott every company that does business in China and with China. And if you are in the US, you should probably stop purchasing everything... including Apple products.
[deleted]
Haven't been in a Walmart in 17 years. No problem boycotting them.
Samsung and Lenovo for me. I was planning on making two big purchases from each of these in May. :(
good luck getting americans to give up their coca cola and mcdonalds and visas... youll have to pry them from their cold, dead, fat-knuckled fingers.
Wow, the propaganda on that site. "Ministry of Foreign Affairs: Reports of extinguished flame not true". Utter bullshiat.
&gt; Should you not boycott all American companies because of what they have been doing in Iraq?

Well, I live in the US, so I hope not, but at the same time, perhaps it would bring and end to the war. I could deal with a lower standard of living for a while if that war could wrap up soon.
The Tibetan separatist movement is founded on racism -- Tibetan's want to keep their country pure (which is the same motivation behind a lot of separatists in Quebec...it's a very, very unpleasant, old-school xenophobia), and they're tired of the Chinese moving in and diluting their racial dominance.
It's pretty meta.
Many countries like to maintain their language and culture against invasion. If it were Japan, people would be unlikely to doubt their sovereign right to do so. In this case, it's not so much about cultural integrity as it is about Han Chinese invading Tibet.
Damn they even own Mickey Mouse.
Not true. He just chose not to talk about the second thing.
&gt;If it were Japan

Japan is a part of the world, and has contributed and consumed a lot of the world's cultural pot. Of course there still are xenophobes in Japan, running around complaining about the Gaijins.

Dominant culture (not just that you personally can perpetuate and continue your heritage and culture, but that it must be the dominant culture surrounding you. Again, see Quebec to see xenophobes in full effect) and langauge are convenient props for racists and xenophobes. Yeah, the KKK members just want to maintain their culture and language against watermellon eatin', funny-talkin' blackies.

Come on.

It's an obsolete, disturbing dislike of things that are different, and we're supposed to applaud it? Give me a break. If whitey did this he'd be pummeled to the ground for being such a backwards, ignorant shithead.
Freedom ain't free.
A.)  Military Force.  They kill people.  Whether the people are democratic or authoritarian... Militarys kill people, whether the people want it or not.

B.) Second... you don't make any sense.  Ignorging the accurate comparison to Manchukuo doesn't make you correct.
The next one is in the UK. When will the Scottish "Dalai Sheep" appear? Free Scotland!
Done!
Many people live in the illusion that they are living in a true democratic society.  Even in the US, it's actually a representative democracy (officially), and an oligarchy (in actuality) due to the need for megamillions for a successful campaign and the need to listen to special interest groups who provide the funding.

The Chinese are also being demonized by mainstream media because they are the current "enemies" and main competitors to western society economically.  Therefore, there are a lot of lies and half truths.  Yes we know the Chinese government will lie when it suits their purpose, but so will any western government.

China has vastly improved since the 80's and they no longer have a gestapo arresting anyone who whispers anti-government thoughts.  In fact, one can argue that "big brother" in the UK and "homeland security" in the US are far more repressive and scary than anything currently in China.

Mainland Chinese newspapers and citizens are constantly criticizing their government today.  However, you have to understand that Chinese people are highly patriotic and these criticisms are tolerated because they are largely constructive.

It's true that the West is a "more free" society, but it's also extremely decadent.  With a large population, limited resources, and overcrowding, tight controls need to be held over the citizens of China (just as in Japan - a very free and democratic Eastern country, there is a lack of certain "freedoms" that we in North America take for granted).

All this in no way absolves China from human rights abuses, but I don't think we should be so hypocritical when we reprimand them so harshly and talk about boycotting them or ruining their economy as punishment for such perceived abuses.  Remember that they are making progress in making their society more democratic, as well as an exponential decrease in human rights abuses (since the 60's and 80's) - and that we should be encouraging them with positive reinforcement, rather than punishing and screwing them over right when they are starting to make progress.

If we continue our path, I'm certain that China will say "the West is screwing us again, like they have in the past, like during the Opium Wars" and will clamp down on the spread of democracy, and regress.  They need encouragement more than anything else, and the Olympics was one of those things that let China out of her shell and onto the world stage as a nation making progress towards worldwide integration in the new millennium.
Officially, Tibet is an autonomous region ("Tibet Autonomous Region") and theoretically has an autonomous government, led by a Tibetan Premier or Governor.  In actuality, it's most definitely a puppet government - but that's how progress is made, from the bottom up.  Nobody starts with a perfect society.

Tibet is sparsely populated, and the rest of China is overcrowded, so it's not unexpected that people want to migrate out west.  "Stealing resources" is a tricky thing to talk about.  It requires a lot of capital to develop resources, especially in a region with severe lack of infrastructure (e.g. northern Canada, Siberia, etc.).  Is it better that this partnership to develop resources be with a culturally similar country such as China, or a total stranger such as a Western corporation?  Would it be good for Tibet if Halliburton or a similar Western conglomerate take over and exploits the resources?  Has DeBeers and Western oil companies benefited the regions they extract diamonds, oil, and minerals from?  Or have they left the locals to deal with environmental disasters in their wake, while leaving the people just as impoverished as before they came?
Save the Wales!
Obviously we need to sell more Tasers to the Chinese government so that they can use them on the nonviolent protesters, but is it OK to shoot at violent protesters?
According to Chinese blogs and newspapers, anti-Tibet sentiment amongst Chinese citizens is at an all-time high, thanks to the publicity the Tibet protests have caused.  Good job people, way to fan the flames of hate and intolerance.
No, I just do not support the view that trying to boycott something has had any impact. In converse, you must be the anti Chinese propaganda agent?!
Nope, my command of English is not even sufficient to spot the pun.
oh, it's not an english language thing, it's a snickers thing. 'Snickers' bars used to be called 'marathon' bars in U.K and Ireland.

Summary:
Tibet is really a country that's being occupied by the Chinese.
You want to free Tibet?
The US is in Iraq as a military force that has no governing responsibility.
It's not really similar to the way the US is occupying Iraq at all.
Should you not boycott all American companies because of what they have been doing in Iraq?
I support anyone who wants to marginalize governments that do things like this.
What are these companies going to do even if a boycott worked?
Chinese Wikipedia is blocked by the government.
This is just one event.
haha, there we go, let's see you people boycott just the olympic sponsors.
Tibet has been a part of China for centuries.
It's about as likely as me wanting Iraqi soldiers occupying the US.
Iraq is not a democracy.
I can give up every one of those aside from Visa.
It doesn't actually take any "guts" for Western companies to say "No Thanks."
Their government is mandated by the US military.
The next one is in the UK.
If you REALLY want to make a difference, your actually going to have to get up off your ass and DO something.
&gt; Should you not boycott all American companies because of what they have been doing in Iraq?
I'll boycott them all with the exception of Visa.
Oh the irony... Help support the freedom of Tibet on your Visa Card while Visa corporation helps support the Chinese Government.
Yes, there are oil resources in Tibet.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.13
