Original Response:
I will never understand why nobody has murdered these old rich families. They are so malignant and so vicious. Surely an end to them is what is best for the rest of humanity.

Let us to it.
They have better protection than the president himself. I've met one of the individuals in the Rockefeller family once, and had a while to chat.

He told me how some of his higher profile family members have snipers set up at the destinations where they meet for business and at their estates as well.

They have heavily armed escorts follow them when they go out to eat at their favorite eating spots, and the restaurant/bar is searched through prior to them acquiring  entry.

These families are very powerful and intend to stay around for the long haul.
Makes sense. And with the return of mercenaries to the mainstream of warfare I can only imagine their personal security will increase.

That just means killing them is all the more necessary.
[deleted]
Little known fact:  46% of all donations to the McCain campaign have come from the Rothschilds and the other members of the Pentavarite.
No protection is fool proof. Their best protection is their anonymity and that the MSM does not report on their activities or tie them in with the shitty happenings that are fucking up our planet.

So yeah.. That's changing at least. Maybe we need to start an internet meme to name David Rockefeller as Emperor of Earth.

This might persuade some fame seeking outcast to pop him.
Camping faggots.
Yeah, I'm sick of reading this tripe from these craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazy conspiracy sites. 

If you guys could write worth a shit, you would be paid to do it on real paper.

In all seriousness, in the words of David Cross "Why do I have to read foreign papers to get the truth?"
I lol'd.
For some reason I thought the headline was supposed to be sexual innuendo.
Electoral fund raising, the illuminati and counter strike. A good match.
Jikes! Envy much?
Your walking a mighty fine line between banter and criminal threats.
For what notion of "fact"?
With your comment, you have already provided impetus for some outcast to do the deed you are too afraid to do yourself.

I disagree with your intended meme, and cannot express what a low character you must be to hope someone else would do your killing for you.
A major share holder of the "federal" reserve and zionist banking family that makes a fortune off of loaning fake debt based money to a warmongering US government is loaning money to the campaign of a warmongering candidate to keep the gravy train going? Shocking.
WARNNNIIIIIIIIIIIIINGG
[deleted]
I hope my comment has as much power as you think it does. As for my character that's none of your business. I'll admit I'm far from perfect but I've never made whole countries suffer to fluff up my wealth either.
[deleted]
And I have absolutely zero fear of being prosecuted for wishing pain and death on the heads of the global elite.

I would welcome the publicity. The opportunity to take this idea global would be more than worth my life to me.
No, it's a lot more like self interest in a survival sense. The elite are destroying the world and they can't even see it because they are so far removed from the feedback of their actions.
Here you are, hoping to cause an assassination.

Why not do it yourself if you think it is so important a task?

You and I both know the answer to that.
It's a question of means. These people have resources and power. I have nothing more than ideas and a certain willingness to implement them.

I'm not interested in your definition of cowardice. At least I'm bringing this subject up. What have you done to remove the elite from power during your life time?

I detect a certain bitterness. My guess is your spent time fighting for them yourself and having to read my opinion must sting.

Let it.
The range between being far from perfect, and making whole countries suffer is wide indeed.

You fit right in there, hoping someone will perform an assassination for you.

Wow, you certainly are the brave sort that made this country great.
This country isn't great dipshit. Wake the fuck up. Nobody contributes more to making the world suffer than the US.
As a former Marine, I've put my life on the line for my beliefs.

You guess that I'm bitter. You are wrong.

I just can't stand wimps. And any man who thinks an assassination is in order, and only hopes someone else will do it is a wimp.
Says the man who is too afraid to assassinate a man while calling for it himself.

You sure won't make it great.

If the assassination would help, why are you too much of a wimp to do it yourself?
You are a wimp
Ah, the man who brags about shitting himself. The philosopher.
Because frankly I don't even know how to shoot. I'm decent with a pistol but I can't shoot a rifle to save my life. Never could. 

Furthermore I have way to much to live for. The kind of rock bottom you have to hit before your willing to throw your life away for a cause I'm way far from.

And as for great.. Y'know what old timer? I would just fucking settle for the republic lasting into my sons time.
You mean you put your life on the line for someone else's beliefs you ignorant brain washed old chump.

You can't stand wimps. I can't stand fools.
So you are saying life isn't so bad, this country isn't so bad, that you are willing to do what you think needs to be done.

You have too much to live for. Things can't be that bad.

I have 3 grandchildren and I have the same hopes.
This is going to come as a total shock to you. But some people are actually able to empathize with others. 

So yes. I have it good. To fucking good. But a lot of people don't and it is never going to get better for them if the elite are allowed to tighten their grip on the resources of this planet.
They were my beliefs. Now you call me ignorant brain washed old chump.

I have led a life where I fought for my convictions.

You, you are just a wimp. No amount of conviction will cause you to put your life on the line. You will always let others fight your battles.

I've known your type all my life. You will always remain afraid, cowering in the background while men do the real work.
it's silly calling each other wimps online, but i have to say entropy is a bit brave for even typing such thoughts, maybe there are people monitoring posts like his for the elite.
Besides debating here on reddit, what are you doing to stop the elites you so despise?
I don't think you get into much trouble just hoping for someone to commit an assassination, as long as you don't call for it for the president.

It takes no balls to sit at your computer and whine.

This country wasn't built by that kind of man.
http://earthtrends.wri.org/pdf_library/data_tables/ecn3_2005.pdf

If you check out that link, I think you will find that to most of the world, you are part of the elite that is commanding too many resources.

As far as income goes, you say you have it good, too good. Well, then you are probably in the top 5% worldwide.
ah well, the jews are spreading democracy again.
The Rothchilds are actually greys and trying to prevent the clintons, who are reticulan lizardmen,  from getting back into power.

wake up sheeple
I know this already. This is exactly where my frustration and anger comes from.

People shouldn't have to suffer this way. The world could fucking be run better and the only reason it is not is because efficiency is not the priority. Profit is.

And for that one reason million die every year. It drives me fucking crazy and every last bit of this can laid at the feet of the global elite for making the world what it is.
It's not fear asshole. People are depending on me. If I vanish a lot of my loved ones who rely on me suffer.

I'm not going to cut them adrift to satisfy my need for vengeance.

I'm done discussing this with you. We both will take whatever we do from this conversation.
so either way we're slaves to an alien race
[deleted]
sigh... another story MSM won't pick up
How do you know?
ummm... I think you forgot a [caps lock]
New keyboard please...
I voted Kodos
As I said before - McCain is the AIPAC candidate and that's why he'll be the 44th president.
Because YOU (as in poor) are no better.  Communism in Russia is proof of that.
In further news, politician in corruptible economic and political system attempts popularity for personal fiscal gain!
Billions of dollars buys a lot of protection.
Last I heard, USA was built by african slaves. What they once built, got owned by a minority, serviced and developed by a majority, and protected by the military.
Where does Scientology and September 11 fit into all of this?
Well, Obama and Clinton have done a pretty good job of sucking AIPAC's cock, so i don't see why they'd be less pro-israel.
I think Obama is the least AIPACed candidate of the three. I agree with you that between McCain and Clinton it's a wash. That's why Murdoch is only attacking Obama.
&gt; The opportunity to take this idea global would be more than worth my life to me.  
   
R.H. (Marine Corps), take note. He's not a shooter but some things (his ideals) are worth his life. Not a wimp.   
   
But. Pain and death don't come round like you hope they will. OTOH, making the Rothschilds and the Rockefellers permanent laughingstocks is full of win and just possibly, human progress. /b/, where is thy sting?
The guy has a point. People weren't depending on him when he literally *offered to die* for something he believed in? He didn't have people that would have been crushed if he was MIA-KIA? Whether you or I agree with his beliefs or not is the point. Here's the thing. About him thinking us a coward for us not doing what we think is right ... 

He is probably right.
&gt; A good match.   
   
Holy crap John, how can you rule the top of the comments and troll the bottom??
I feel the same way. I would say what I want to do to these guys, but fear there's probably NSA or something reading what we say on here. Anyway the problem is one of their brothers or sons would just take over if they were killed.
What are you one of their henchmen or something?
The Queen, The Vatican, The Gettys, The Rothschilds, *and* Colonel Sanders before he went tets up.
Like they'd print the words Rothschild in mainstream press.. aint gonna happen. 
Baron could roast a baby on the white house lawn and you would not hear a damn peep. 
Closest I ever heard to a Rawshits name mentioned in MSM was in American Psycho where the brutal murderer mentions some rawshits supposed to be handling some account.. Freud help us!
 
Fuck these fuckers.. W-H-E-N we win this it'll be all the sweeter. 

Revolt, solid, savvy.
Hmmm... So your suggesting a solution that is smarter than killing and a bit neater besides.

Let me give this some thought.
[deleted]
and a relentless string of "!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Natsi gold bee itch!
I think you mean Reptchilds or reptards
hopefully something that involves a kitten, a priest and tubgirl
yes, but ceiling cat is still watching you masturbate
[deleted]
[deleted]
The most telling part of the article is the last paragraph detailing how the Bush administration is blocking any attempts to investigate breaches in campaign finance law:
"The federal election commission is unlikely to act soon on the group's McCain complaint. It is currently short-handed, a result of a political squabble between the Democratic-led senate and the Bush administration, and lacks a quorum to take action."
Thanks to Murdoch, the MSM has become a reliable reverse barometer of what's really going on.
&gt;"federal" reserve and zionist banking family

The Rothschilds  have a long history of financing wars. Sometimes even both sides.

Wouldn't it be beautiful if the Rothschild descendants decided to do something constructive for a change.
[deleted]
why do you call them zionists?
jews are bad, mkay?
[deleted]
To draw a distinction between nice, normal, sane people, including Jewish people, and the surprisingly fanatical bunch who seem to have gone to extreme lengths to, by themselves and with coerced help, retake Israel, putting the native population in racial ghettos (great punchline), and slowly try to secure their hold on the ancient territory of Israel which has since become someone else's home.

It's not normal Jewish people who are like that, most Israeli's are actually pretty awesome and mostly moderates, who are required to serve in the military (women too), and when in power in Israel tend to attempt to create a peace with the Palestinians. Then the other guys, or hawks, who are not required to serve in the military due to religious reasons, but are by far the most hard-line members of the country, having taken down many governments(israeli govts, ala parliaments) for even considering peace with the palestinians that doesn't include them being thrown out of the country, or into a river somewhere (one of their ideas "gas the palestinians" also makes me laugh), having commited many terrorist attacks like walking into schools and hospitals and opening up with assault rifles, and firing missles into populated areas, especially markets, and has such hijacked the agenda of a whole damn country, much like the neo-cons raped us, but much, much worse.

Oh, and if you call them zionists or say anything about the Palestinians being people, or heaven forbid, being native to Israel and it being partially their country, and that they have killed roughly 5x as many Palestinians as have killed them, they call you anti-Semitic. They are not the kind of people you want to confuse.

I actually have no side in this conflict, but sympathize with both sides, and believe that both people's will have to share Israel. You'd think that considering there is like a stupid easy solution for this that it would have been solved years ago, but neither side is willing to follow through with the solution, and now it's become a focal point, a rallying cry for all muslims to detract them from their corrupt, vicious and incompetent governments by pointing at Israel, and an easy way for America to say why Muslim's are bad so we can justify stealing all their fucking oil.

Life makes me laugh.
You heard wrong.

Slaves were a tiny minority of the working class in the U.S.

Try to get a real education.
What? That was a joke. 

That's why I said the the thing about David Cross.
Aye, I hated the Colonel with is wee beady eye! And that smug look on his face, "Oh, you're gonna buy my chicken! Ohhhhh!"
I fail to see how 100% is least:
http://www.jewishexponent.com/article/15799/ http://www.wakeupfromyourslumber.com/node/1349 "The letter also claimed that "Obama has voted 100 percent consistently with the position of AIPAC (American Israel Public Affairs Committee) on foreign aid and all other and resolutions affecting Israel.""
Thanks for the reply, but I think you misread my post. Nowhere did I say that slaves were not a minority back then. But there are other minorities.
I know some of the Rockefellers personally/professionally. Nobody deserves to die for being wealthy.
I guess that does make sense now that I think about it.
From all this rant I understand that you call some Israeli hawks zionists. What does it have to do with the Rotschilds?
[deleted]
There wouldn't be any publicity when these people do away with you.
David Rockefeller is 90. I wonder which Rockefeller will replace him as King.
No, they bought the Clintons too. [Lady Lynn de Rothchild](http://www.portfolio.com/views/columns/the-world-according-to/2007/10/05/An-interview-with-Lady-de-Rothschild#page5) has been giving her money for a while now. They bought both sides of the campaign for insurance.
They are financing both sides of [this presidential race](http://www.portfolio.com/views/columns/the-world-according-to/2007/10/05/An-interview-with-Lady-de-Rothschild#page5) as well.
Rubbish! The Weekly World News, which is the authority on these matters, clearly shows that the greys [backed Bill Clinton](http://www.screwballsquirrel.net/politics.html), so your lizardmen theory has to be false.
They helped fund the Zionist movement directly through the early 20th century, and indirectly till this very day. Assuming you'd like evidence, it was widely accepted, and the Balfour declaration was thought to be a concession to the Rothschild's and others for funding them through WWI (one of the reasons for the (german) anti-semitic feeling pre-WWII).

I guess look it up, I don't remember any exact sources atm though. Try http://zionismandisrael.wordpress.com/2008/04/14/edmund-de-rothschild/, but there are much more reliable sources.

edit: clarified german anti-semitic feeling
Oh. Dammit, I have to look more things up before shooting off the cuff.
and national sovereignty
Seems like you have a genuine interest in the history of Israel, but some of the facts you got messed up.
The hawks, and the population which is not required to serve in the military for religious reasons, are two totally distinct groups. The hawks usually belong to the "national" stream of Judaism which is ok with the army service.
Those religious "hawks" also didn't participate in the "retaking" of Israel. This movement came to prominence after the six-day war, before the war its influence was tiny. 
The terrorist attacks by walking into schools and hospitals - what are you talking about?

And the main point - the hawk movements are in no way connected to the Rotschilds. Rotschild used to finance the zionist movement during it looking-for-national-home
days, but I'm not sure they are interested 
even remotely in religious and nationalistic
fanatism.
1. Distinct, not entirely. They are allied in parliament, but many hawks serve in the military, while many which aren't truly hawks, more like self-defense++, are in the religious class. I consider it a bit of a distinction without a difference, because while the religious class aren't truly hawks, they have the same effect with their attitude towards the Palestinians and their Israel. You are correct about the nationalist's though. I suppose I hold the religious class responsible more because they claim, with their religious authority/respect, that Israel must be for the Israeli's, and try to force others into agreeing with their position, while claiming settlement is what god really wants. Unfortunate parallels with Muslim Imam's come to mind here.

2. The terrorist thing, damn have to find a link. Basically settlers who go postal, http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2005/08/04/settler-bus050804.html, http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9B00E6DF1F3BF936A15751C0A962958260 , some other stuff too. I suppose you could call the settlers a third part of the nationalist problem, not quite fitting in to either class, but closer to the hawks in some cases, the religious groups in others.

3. Hawk movements, not anymore, the settler groups are supported and financed by american-israel groups however, yell if you need links again. Rothschild? Hard to say, but the groups responsible were the same groups supported by them in the earlier zionist days.

RC's not really interested in religious/nationalistic fanaticism, but still interested in Israel for Israelis. Consider them more parallel agenda's that support each other. Can cite links if needed again.
You said "USA was built by african slaves."

African slaves were used, but the U.S. was hardly built by slaves, there were far too few.

You didn't say, slaves and other minorities.

The vast majority of the people who built this country were white.

Even today, blacks only represent about 12 or 13% of the population, and that's after hundreds of years of births.

Summary:
You, you are just a wimp.
I feel the same way.
I hope my comment has as much power as you think it does.
I just can't stand wimps.
why do you call them zionists?
You and I both know the answer to that.
You didn't say, slaves and other minorities.
I guess that does make sense now that I think about it.
The guy has a point.
If the assassination would help, why are you too much of a wimp to do it yourself?
You have too much to live for.
The opportunity to take this idea global would be more than worth my life to me.
You guess that I'm bitter.
That's why I said the the thing about David Cross.
I would welcome the publicity.
Nowhere did I say that slaves were not a minority back then.
I know some of the Rockefellers personally/professionally.
&gt; The opportunity to take this idea global would be more than worth my life to me.
You sure won't make it great.
And any man who thinks an assassination is in order, and only hopes someone else will do it is a wimp.
Things can't be that bad.
People are depending on me.
Last I heard, USA was built by african slaves.
Furthermore I have way to much to live for.
What have you done to remove the elite from power during your life time?
I think Obama is the least AIPACed candidate of the three.
The vast majority of the people who built this country were white.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.17
