Original Response:
[deleted]
I have heard that the Pentagon had conducted a study of US troops to see how far they would be willing to go in putting down an insurrection by fellow citizens. Apparently not far enough so they will have to bring in out of town muscle.
That's right! We Canadians are well known around the world as "muscle". If you need us we can probably send you both of our soldiers and our helicopter. It would be great if you could provide a couple of rifles as both of ours are being used by our navy until next summer.

Thanks for thinking of us.
This is in preparation for the offspring of the credit crisis. People will have everything taken from them. Their home, food, everything.

People will go out in the streets in mass. These troops are here to round up the people and take them to concentration camps.
That's true. These troops are made up of a lot of illegal aliens.
[deleted]
This leaves the door open for US invasion of Canada. Wait for the next false flag and they will be on Canadian soil stealing their  resources. It WILL happen and Harper (the Canadian Prime Minister) is selling Canada away to the US.
Both Canada and the US have been sold off to foreign buyers. The cheap yank buck has accelerated the process south of the border. The Chinese will take over in the next twenty years and make both of the monkeys dance.
[deleted]
Please.  Canadians have been saying that since the Free Trade Agreement.

Truth is, our military force is way smaller than that of the US, so to have the US guarantee we can assert our sovereignty throughout the world isn't a bad thing.  

Even if the US do act like jackasses.
Meh - probably not...   Not until the Liberals replace Dion.

I've heard a theory that he's a caretaker leader - never expected to win a majority, but to hold things steady until a good leader comes in.

If Ignatief won the last leadership convention, he probably would have had another minority mandate.  Now, a new liberal leader would clear the way for a majority...
Don't forget our national pride, the swiss cheese sub!
What country could invade and hold Canada?  Any country that is sufficiently technologically advanced to invade would suffer the fate of thousands of crackers routing their economic infrastructure.  Canucks are not peasant farmers.  We have geography, size, technology and yes, winter on our side.
Even if the US invaded, the economic costs would be beyond what they'd be willing to pay.  Not to mention that Canadians can pass as Americans, and anyone that thinks US infrastructure is secure from a clever adversary is deluding themselves.

We're pretty safe.
There are laws against our troops participating in police duties, this is meant to get around that.

Of course, those laws are ignored all the time here in the US already, but this makes such operations easier.

Canada no doubt has similar laws.
See, folks? *This* is why we gotta invade Canada.
Whatever.
Should your theory play out, what are the banks going to do with millions of empty houses in their inventory?  They couldn't carry it.  They would want to sell them ASAP.  It just doesn't make sense.
a few years ago bush had the army evaluate their preparedness to take over within our own borders in the case of rebellion. the only reason anyone found out about it was because the army publicized their results.

we americans are not pushovers, though. the government is naive to think we'd just roll over and let them.
This seems like a move to further bolster the creation of a "superstate" such as the EU. 

I think they'll let the dollar keep falling and then introduce a new currency for the new union. Everyone will jump on board, scared by the economic crisis. Reports of the "Amero" seem credible enough.
I remember something similar signed under Chretien after 9/11. I can't find it on the internet yet though.
Yeah, sure, they're afraid of a populace that overwhelming disapproves of their politicians and yet re-elects them at a rate of some 95+%.
[deleted]
NAU
But what troops will Canada have for the United States?
their fear is irrelevant to my point.
[deleted]
Are you thinking of the deal regarding the harboring of refugees? I kind of remember that agreement, if that's the one your talking of, not very well though. 

I remember hearing that in the deal, Canada and the USA promise to return any of their citizens trying to seek refugee status from each other. 

I thought to myself, "When was the last time I heard of anyone fleeing Canada?" and I just figured it was insurance for a draft or something.
Heh. Winter sounds like the scariest defense of all.

You guys might be safe.
That's another thing, but I did find a mention of it here (pdf warning):

https://dspace.ucalgary.ca/bitstream/1880/44573/1/Bercuson_Coping.pdf

It gives a date of August 29, 2002 for an agreement, but does not give the name of the agreement.
We will drown your troops in vats of Maple Syrup.  Then we will send a legion of Beavers and Moose to trample your cities.  

Don't laugh.  A Møøse once bit my sister...
I thought martial law gets around that already?
;)

Seriously though, kept Napoleon and Hitler both out of Russia. Don't screw with winter.
Peak oil peak oil oil. When oil starts running out and our basic energy demands are not going to be met people will be angry, mad, and possibly even violent. the US Energy department had this to say in their own reports. "Without timely mitigation, world supply/demand balance will be achieved through massive demand destruction (shortages), accompanied by huge oil price increases, both of which would create a long period of significant economic hardship worldwide. Waiting until world conventional oil production peaks before initiating crash program mitigation leaves the world with a significant liquid fuel deficit for two decades or longer.The report went on to say, emphasis added: The problems associated with world oil production peaking will not be temporary, and past 'energy crisis' experience will provide relatively little guidance. The challenge of oil peaking deserves immediate, serious attention, if risks are to be fully understood and mitigation begun on a timely basis.  . . the world has never faced a problem like this. Without massive mitigation more than a decade before the fact, the  problem will be pervasive and will not be temporary. Previous energy transitions were gradual and evolutionary. Oil peaking will be abrupt and revolutionary.
They'll lease them to the gummint as Concentration McMansions.
thats, like, my dream! a federation with the canadians. possibly mexico too. not happening any time soon tho
So Canada gets to use USA's military and USA gets to use Canada's military?

Sounds like someone got the raw end of that deal.

I think this is just an excuse for USA to invade Canada under the guise of a civil emergency. 

Hey Canada, you just fucked up, prepare to become the 51st united state.
This couldn't be because the overwhelming majority of Canadians live within a few hundred miles of the border, or the fact that there have been quite a few disasters that crossed the border (Ice storm in the 90's, giant blackout in the early 2000), Or that we share a fair amount of waterways where there have been disasters(Remember children, the Coast Guard is part of the DoD). It also couldn't be that for years we have already been cooperating militarily in joint efforts(NORAD).

No, it must be those evil Americans trying to take over Canada.
This is total fucking BULLSHIT.  If and or when the 12th planet shows up, it will be hell and those sons of bitches know it.
Anyone who is proud of this revelation, should read a book. How is this good it opens the door for the american forces to come to our beautiful Canada and do whatever they want, invade, torture, steal, destroy... I know I don't want their militarized local SWAT Teams and military "helping" the canadian forces, something is seriously wrong with this.
&gt; bring in out of town muscle.

I thought that was what Halliburton,  Blackwater, etc. were for.    I mean,  you get the same result *and* make a profit in the process.  Win win.
just one more incursion onto my canadian sovereignty
Yeah, because the US Army routinely attacks American citizens.
[deleted]
That would require intervention from the judiciary.  This is a pact.  The judiciary has no business getting involved in pacts between two countries.
Canada is OK, no Mexico please though.
Nooo, but I could get you links to video of military doing crowd control at protests, particularly in Washington.  That's a policing duty, and the military is a might bit more intimidating while their doing it, don't you agree?  Yes, a crowd of a hundred thousand could overwhelm the police, and for example storm the capitol if they wanted to, but not the military.  That's why the military is used to stop and intimidate protests.

Now the Canadian military might be able to help "settle" civil unrest, particularly in the event of a natural or man-made catastrophe.  They'd be able to help protect private property while others went hungry.
&gt;No, it must be those evil Americans trying to take over Canada.

If this is such a positive thing, then why the secrecy? Both countries have done fine up until this point without such an agreement. Given the fact both administrations are known for their secrecy and share the same right-wing politics, I have my doubts that they've chosen to prioritize this out of altruistic concerns.
And Russia out of Finland.  And you'd think they would know better.
People who think the idea of a moose attacking is funny have obviously never stood next to one. [They're not small.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moose#Average_size_and_weight) Take note, the "Moose crossing" sign from Newfoundland shows an apparently uninjured moose inspecting a totalled car.
&gt;I think this is just an excuse for USA to invade Canada under the guise of a civil emergency.

Yup. [NORTHCOM](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northc om) was created in 2002 as a command center from which to wage war in North America. When the "terrorist" WMDs they've been warning us about for years detonate in the US and in Canada they'll activate the infrastructure and leverage the laws and plans they've spent the last 7 years implementing (and have been developing for much longer). The Military Commissions Act of 2006, DHS's [Endgame](http://cryptogon.com/docs/endgame.pdf) [PDF] plan, Operation Falcon ( http://www.usdoj.gov/marshals/falcon/index.html ), H.R. 5122 ( http://www.bordc.org/threats/hr5122.php ) etc. were all developed for a reason.
US troops have been stationed in Canada for decades.
[deleted]
Just take all the beer out of Sudbury and tell them the Americans have it. All hell would break loose!
By which do you mean US military bases in Canada, which is technically American soil?
Here's the sign:
http://www.guy-sports.com/fun_pictures/moose_crossing.jpg
Well if your gonna do it, get 'er done by November so we can all vote Obama. 

We'd be your worst fucking nightmare... wait until you have thousands of Maritimers coming south looking for work! 

You think Iraq was trouble? Start importing beer and Kraft Dinner or there's gonna be some serious shit going down.

You hate us for our health care, don't you?
Hey!!  Canada is investing in horses!!  Ten of them!
And make it real beer... not that watered down stuff you guys drink
Could the U.S. be preparing for a worst case scenario? "Clinton's campaign acknowledges there is no way that she will finish ahead in pledged delegates. That means the only way she wins is if Democratic superdelegates are ready to risk a backlash of historic proportions from the party’s most reliable constituency." [source](http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0308/9149.html)


backlash = civil uprising?
while i agree with you, even the most ignorant people can instinctively react to being pushed into a corner and battered. but its not just americans. 75k people marched on berlin to bring down the wall (despite the credit people like to give reagan for it) and they were pretty oppressed.

as americans, we already have freedom. just try taking that away from people who have it. all it takes is one inspirational person and people will be just as sheepish to a great cause as they are to an oppressive one.
As I said earlier, both of them.
I always wondered what the hell the liberals were thinking when they elected Dion. He seems like a very decent guy but certainly no leader.  If, um, Obama loses do you think we might be able to convince him to come north for a few years?
Yeah, I've seen what moose can do.  Canadian moose are just massive.  

But the joke is from Monty Python, and is funny for it's randomness.
You need to understand the reality of the people at the top of this centralised system of power.
&gt;If this is such a positive thing, then why the secrecy?

I'm not convinced there's been any particular attempt at secrecy.  But if there was, I think the rampant paranoia in this reddit thread demonstrates precisely why.
I think helping each other out is wonderful because we can learn from each other without a doubt and can help build a better relationship. However it seems that America takes alot of our resources without fair compensation. NOW I am blabbing on of course and probably way off. I should be blaming politicians who make these deals. I love America and always will. Its mah second home. Also consider it might take awhile to get troops mobilized. Also consider most Canuncks live near the usa/canada border and we may be able to reach certain areas quicker etc. Also consider the RCMP from Vancouver was the first to arrive in New Orleans after Katrina.
[deleted]
&gt;(Remember children, the Coast Guard is part of the DoD)

Actually it's not.

The USA is not _legally_ at war, so the USCG is operating under the Dept. of Homeland Security.
like every time obama loses an election
If they reach a security agreement and don't tell anyone, that isn't secrecy? Given that the Canadian government's job is to represent the interests of the Canadian people, they are not doing their job if they make an an agreement that could jeopardize Canadian sovereignty and don't bother telling Canadian citizens.

[Northern Command](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Northern_Command) are the ones who publicized the agreement. They are a military command center that was created in 2002 to defend the US. Given that the US already had an existing defense command structure, the creation of NORTHCOM was of interest to those concerned with the possibility of martial law being used to subvert democracy, a possibility that has occurred repeatedly throughout history. Given the laws and infrastructure put in place by the Bush administration during the past 7 years, and the Canadian Conservative Party's nearly unconditional support of the administration, I wouldn't say it's paranoia to question their motives when reaching an agreement that could be abused - I'd say it's careless and naive not to do so.

The Wikipedia entry on NORTHCOM explains the concern well:

&gt;USNORTHCOM has become the object of concern among civil libertarians and others that it could be used to implement martial law in the United States during an actual or perceived emergency.[1] The Military Commissions Act of 2006 effectively nullifies most restrictions placed on the military to support civilian administration by the Posse Comitatus Act, while the "John Warner Defense Authorization Act of 2007" H.R. 5122 (2006) effectively nullifies the limits of the The Insurrection Act [2].

An infrastructure able to impose martial law has been put in place, and Canada has just made an agreement that will allow NORTHCOM to extend consolidation of military control into Canada as well as the US.
You need to stop watching poorly made conspiracy theory videos on youtube.
so Canadians dont get sarcasm..... i see.
Americans drink watered down beer b/c its a working mans beer.  When youve been working for years with little pay and 10 hour days in the heat or bitter cold, youll see why drinking a pint full of warm brown donkey snot just doesnt quite cut it.
[deleted]
you need to stop being programmed by society. stop caring what others think and be yourself.
Forgot that DHS sucked in the Coast Guard. 

(Oh, and we aren't at war period)
As a Canadian and a Winnipegger, let me just say that having US troops to bring in would have been awesome during the Flood of '97.
Crap.  So now I have to learn French before I learn Chinese?
Get over it already.  That was like 11 years ago! Soo-oo-ooo-oo-ooo-oo-ry! 

I leave you on your own one time and I will never hear the end of it.
[citation needed]
and not from prisonplanet, alternet or thinkprogress
So you would recommend that everyone purchase a weapon?

Perhaps fortify your home while you can?
I didn't read this article but I read about this a while back. And one of the bigger sticking issues that was not talked about was the fact that. American troops are not allowed to be commanded by a foreign nation. Same with Canadian soldiers if I remember correctly so how is that going to work out. I guess it's finally going to happen America is going to invade my home.
Yeah and I don't want those Canadian forces to come down to our ugly america and do whatever they want, educate, heal, give, build... I know I don't want their flea ridden Mounties and "military" helping the american forces, something is seriously wrong with this.  Wake up sheeple!
I think Kucinich would be a much better fit for Canada :)  Obama is just better than Hilary but hardly good compared to Kucinich and Edwards...
I don't think there are any US military bases in Canada. They're probably just stationed at Canadian bases.
Isn't this like George Clooney and John Goodman agreeing to share dating tips?
Just warming up the international Police State, nothing to worry about; like all those militarized police forces, taser deaths, suspension of habeas corpus, US ceding land to the UN,legal torture, secret rendition flights, protest leaders disappearing.  Nope, nothing to be concerned about.
Ten years ago, I wouldn't have batted an eyelash about this agreement.

Today, I'm more than a little nervous about having American troops here.

That's how far my opinion of American foreign / military policy has eroded.  The 'AMERICA - FUCK YEAH' mentality along with the religiosity of the armed forces is way out of hand.
My lord I hate doing peoples work for them. [citation needed] is a BS excuse to get people to do your work for you. I'll give you a start, though because I'm feeling generous, despite Katsitis just being cheated out of finishing his fight.

It was about the time he got the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act passed. Sec. 1042 was the precursor if I remember correctly. He totally abolished posse comitatus after effectively perverting habeas corpus. Don't even ask me to cite those. If you can't define those with google you're hopeless.
I would recommend purchasing a weapon but also doing everything you can to cut down on consumption. However I think we need to be pushing for more tax breaks for people who want to power their homes with solar energy. In Tuscon, Arizona electric companies have been paying people who had solar panels because the houses use such little electricity that they actually generate power back to the plant. Start your own garden. Hell maybe we can come up with a machine that is Solar powered that spins a turbine that desalinates water which then spines another turbine that produces hydro energy. Clean water and a constant supply of energy all in one. The oil companies would shit themselves
Dear Canada, I want you to know that I am happy for you that your Looneys and Twoneys are so expensive for us, and our dollars are so inexpensive for you right now.  Please come visit any time you like.  It's been a pleasure each time I've made the acquaintance of any one of you.  You are all ladies, gentlemen and scholars.  Did I mention that I used to work (very hard, in fact) for EDS?  And that most of my children's aunts, uncles and cousins (on their mother's side) are all still in Alberta?  I suppose we're really all cousins in one way or another... funny how that works... eh?  Heh heh... ahhhh... good times.  Anyway... if you'll be kind enough to point your guns the other way, we'll be happy to provide you with winter homes in very nice parts of the warmer areas of our very generous, hospitable country when this hypothetical civil emergency is over.  With Love, Your USA Brothers and Sisters.
Since Canadian Forces are doing all the dirty work in Afghanistan, maybe some U.S. troops could come count our piles of diamonds, gold, water and oil.  You know, all friendly like.
I saw [that](http://youtube.com/watch?v=Rc7i0wCFf8g) coming!
We're getting F-35 Joint Strike Fighters at some point supposedly.

Summary:
Peak oil peak oil oil.
So Canada gets to use USA's military and USA gets to use Canada's military?
I don't think there are any US military bases in Canada.
but its not just americans.
US troops have been stationed in Canada for decades.
I think this is just an excuse for USA to invade Canada under the guise of a civil emergency.
Thanks for thinking of us.
I thought martial law gets around that already?
I kind of remember that agreement, if that's the one your talking of, not very well though.
Canadian moose are just massive.
so Canadians dont get sarcasm..... i see.
But what troops will Canada have for the United States?
just try taking that away from people who have it.
Even if the US do act like jackasses.
Canada no doubt has similar laws.
*This* is why we gotta invade Canada.
The oil companies would shit themselves.
That's why the military is used to stop and intimidate protests.
Same with Canadian soldiers if I remember correctly so how is that going to work out.
And you'd think they would know better.
I love America and always will.
That was like 11 years ago!
Please come visit any time you like.
&gt;I think this is just an excuse for USA to invade Canada under the guise of a civil emergency.
However I think we need to be pushing for more tax breaks for people who want to power their homes with solar energy.
If they reach a security agreement and don't tell anyone, that isn't secrecy?
What country could invade and hold Canada?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.19
