Original Response:
Scientologist for 14 years? Even if you're "on my side" now, I will never trust you because you're so obviously dangerously susceptible to manipulation.
anonymous will conquer!
[deleted]
Boobus Americanus strikes again
This just in: Scientology is bullshit!
Looks like someone will be having an accident soon, or perhaps severe depression leading to a "suicide".  Bye bye Beghe.

Seriously though, that guy is insane.  I am amazed that he is amazed to find out Scientology is bogus.
Well be fair. Once you start down that path, it might get progressively harder to quit.
As an atheist, I feel like I could hear this from anyone renouncing any "religion". The christian who's parents died, etc. Most religions fail to produce on all their promises, however they are still able to produce happiness for those involved.
i like him...he seems sincere...hmm..never heard of the guy...maybe he is looking for fame...it could be a ploy to get attention... but he seemed sincere...damn jason email me 
Ladylaliberte@sailormoon.com
"Jason Beghe found hanging, handcuffed"
BREAKING: Tom Cruise not batshit crazy or gay.
someone's trying hard to become A-list
A good and probably true point.  From all that I have read about the "progressive" nature of Scientology it seems even Scientologists would have trouble refuting this.  Does anyone quit Scientology easily after a few years?
Most religions don't promise results in the real world resulting from belief in the divine.
Stupid, too!
I don't know.  Go to a mega-church in the bible belt and they will promise you anything you like upon surrender of your wallet.  I have seen them claim to heal heart problems, through talking in tongues they will turn gays straight, all sorts of real world mini-miracles are promised.  Scientology is pretty whack-o but many American implementations of traditional religions are just as f'd up.
Exactly. Mega-churches in the bible belt are not "most religions." There are way more reasonable Christians in America than you think.
Religious persecutors UNITE!
No. It gets very hard very quickly to quit. Especially after years spent inside. That's why Scientologists don't leave as soon as they hear the story of Xenu at OT3.
He just won't come out of the closet.
wtf
The Bible promises that all prayers will be answered, with no qualifications whatsoever. That's why there's so much apologetics produced trying to cover for why this doesn't actually pan out.
It's just like that theta trap
[deleted]
He's a few gods short of a pantheon.

But then I think you have to be crazy to get involved in the first place. So now he's an irate, undersatisfied lunatic.
Definitely suicide.
You've got to wonder why they didn't come up with a more credible backstory. The smart money says Hubbard didn't write his own books, he's too uncreative.
I reckon their answer there is "A lot of the time the answer is NO, buddy. God won't turn your wife into Carmen Electra for you."
[deleted]
What bible and what verse?  I don't think you read it right.
[Other thread for more discussion](http://reddit.com/info/6fuek/comments/)
funny, that's the same signature file of 90% of the spam i get.
Daniel 10:12-13
"Don't be afraid, Daniel. Since the first day you began to pray for understanding and to humble yourself before your God, your request has been heard in heaven. I have come in answer to your prayer."
&gt;reasonable Christians

Oxymoron. People who believe in a hell are not reasonable.
I am STILL hoping Tom Cruise will explode the Church of Scientology from the inside and free all thetans...
That's a good Pee Wee Herman laugh he did.
I work at Mass General in Boston Ma and noticed today 
on the free book cart of the Warren Library, like, TEN Scientology books, still wrapped in plastic. I was in scrubs and would have been noticed taking them to the trash, but maybe someone else out there can do it. I googled for Anonymous Boston Chapter but came up with nothng. Somebody forward this to the appropriate people.
John 14:13-14

"And I will do whatever you ask in my name, so that the Son may bring glory to the Father. You may ask me for anything in my name, and I will do it."

from the _New International Version_
That's some clever sophistry, but the specific verse in the Bible doesn't say that God will answer prayers, it says that he will do as you ask. Specifically

John 14:13-14

"And I will do whatever you ask in my name, so that the Son may bring glory to the Father. You may ask me for anything in my name, and I will do it."

from the _New International Version_

So that bit of apologetics doesn't work. The Bible is a lie.
Who?
Seams more like the Tom Cruise mating call to me.
That only applies if you ask a yes/no question.
Bah! He wasn't doing it right.
I suspect faith has a little more trouble with "why?" questions.
So, NO Carmen Electra? :(
well if you're going to be a jerk about it
You think volcanos, hydrogen bombs, mind-control and aliens are 'creative'?

Have you ever picked up and looked at the 1950s sci-fi sclock available?
I've been waiting for a high-level splitter like this.  Go for it Jason!
...and then I pull out my gun!
Most churches teach prayer in a Calvinistic manner -- if the prayer glorifies Christ (is in his name), then it will be granted. If it isn't granted, then it wasn't part of The Plan. 

It's a backwards way of looking at things, but *if* you believe in a deity, not an illogical one. For example, if I say that I have the power to predict the future, but I only have this power if my prediction is correct, then technically my claim is true. If you believe in a deity that has a Plan, then prayer follows.

Most churches will not tell you that you can will things into existence.
More creative than anything on TV nowadays.  Or have you not seen the puddles of stool that are 24 or Lost?
Oh wow, you're the guy who knows the 'right' way to read the Bible?

Maybe you should start a church?
How is infinite punishment for finite 'sins' (made by a person who is incapable of knowing what is or is not true about any possible afterlives) reasonable?
"Until now you have asked for nothing in My name; ask and you will receive, so that your joy may be made full.
John 16:24

"And He said to them, "Because of the littleness of your faith; for truly I say to you, if you have faith the size of a mustard seed, you will say to this mountain, 'Move from here to there,' and it will move; and nothing will be impossible to you."
Matthew 17:20

I'm sure there are others.
Post this to http://forums.enturbulation.org/

It's a pretty big hub of Anonymous activism.  I'm sure someone there's living in Boston.
...that's a little cocksure...
There are plenty of conceivable ways this could be reasonable:

* Hell could be defined as being in absence of God, who cannot, by definition, exist with sin. Knowing you could have been close to God but weren't might be a punishment in itself.
* Perhaps the afterlife is like an infinite concert, and the people who behaved badly have to sit in the back seats

etc.,etc.,etc. It's funny that atheists often try to have it both ways: how *horrible* is it that someone is punished for an eternity!! and how *horrible* is it that some *really* bad people like Hitler could be spared that if they just beg forgiveness!!
All this proves is that people that would join scientology are psychopaths to begin with.
Your baseless speculations have not answered my question.
Bullshit.
Oh, I don't watch television.  Neither should you.

I'm just saying, if someone wouldn't have to be creative to come up with "NCIS 2: Chicago" or whatever, because in our climate that is the easiest thing in the world; almost a kind of non-thinking.

Back in the fifties, with the journals ["Amazing Stories"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amazing_Stories) etc etc, what Hubbard came up with was that same kind of non-thinking, lacking in any artistic merit whatsoever.  I'm talking about his books *and* his religion.
I don't, except when I'm visiting my parents.  Their internet connection is CRAP.
Look him up on IMDB. You might not know his name but I am sure you have probably seen him before if you own a TV. He is a pretty prolific TV actor and has been in a few movies as well.
[deleted]
I don't care what churches say. Church doctrine is not canon. The Bible says that any and all prayers will be granted, and if they're not granted, the Bible is clearly a lie.
no he was trying and failed. so he quit.
Your definition of hell is your own, and therefore a strawman.
It took him 14 years to figure out what a 4 year old should know?
But it doesn't say that: it says the prayers need to be *in his name*, and *in order for the Son to glorify the Father*. Read the passage for context. He's not talking nowhere about granting wishes to people. He's talking about doing works on earth to glorify God.
How did this discussion devolve into an I'm-too-clever-to-watch-tv circle-jerk?
Actually, any definition of hell is a strawman since there's no evidence of any such place existing.  I'm merely operating on the common consensus definition used in my region.
I don't think faith even asks the 'why' questions. LOL!
You think I said he was creative? Read again.
Yeah. Get back to discussing books.

I propose that Hubbard did not write a single word from Mission Earth, it was probably a devotee who had real talent. The entire story is like a much-improved Xenu saga. It's not a bad series at all, which is why I'm positive Hubbard paid/coerced someone else to do it for him.
I really liked his quote that "they are just trying to help."  This is true of like 90% of the people other people would term evil.
It was just Rosey the nosey neighbour...
The very idea that your personality can exist beyond the electro-chemical operation of your brain is just batshit insane.  What happens when your brain chemistry is messed with?  You got it, your personality goes la-la.  What happens when you have a neurological disorder?  Yup, the you that is you now becomes totally lost and irretrievable.  I wonder what might happen when you switch the whole thing off?

* Reasonable: Everything about *you* disappears forever.
* Crazy person: The *you* somehow gets transported to a magical land and judged by a all powerful being based on the way the electro-chemical behaviour your meat incarnation performed.
Atheists try and have it both ways!!?  Man, how about Christians who claim "thou shalt not kill" is a commandment from God himself but then go and murder Muslims in the name of God?

I don't think Atheists are trying to have it both ways in the scenario you describe, they are just trying to highlight the total lack of sensibility surrounding the Christian mentality.

If you ask me, by your own definition we are most likely living in hell now.  We are absent of God, he/she/it is not here, we are surrounded by *sin*, much of it spouting forth from so called Christians collecting money on TV.  Millions of people in the world are sitting at the back, starving, while the self appointed privileged few rape the planet for all it has got.  If I were a Christian I would worry about what I did in the previous life to be put in such a Godless, harsh environment.
Great, Chrisitians arguing over semantics, yet again.

Let's also remember the passage you quoted has been translated into English, another layer of ambiguity and another opportunity to read into it whatever you like.
I often find the word of God in from the New International Version is much more authentic than the word of God found in the King James.
Leaving the church means seeing all your friends and family for the last time.  Reducing that decision to one line on Reddit? What a fucking idiot.

It's not the space aliens that make Scientology screwed, it's what they do to families, what they do for money, and the way they deal with dissent.
&gt;Hell could be defined as being in absence of God, who cannot, by definition, exist with sin.

Bullshit, it takes evil to make good. Without one the other is just normal.
Surely you'd also have to exclude anyone who owns an expensive car, has any unsecured loan, wears fashionable clothes, or has fallen for a RickRoll by that rationale.
[deleted]
I haven't owned a television since 1989 when my girlfriend moved out and took it with her.
&gt; You think I said he was creative? Read again.

No, *you* read again.  You're implying his worthless books took some measure of creativity to write :)  We both agree on the man himself.
Does every Scientologist have to do a video in a black sweater, talk real vaguely and laugh maniacally?
Celebrity says something obvious - world pays attention.
His 'worthless books' are actually quite good. That's why I think he didn't write them. This was all in my other comments.
Well, as we all know well, getting really super pissed is step 5 on the way to seppuku!
[deleted]
Summary. Scientology stunts evolution.
Ah yes, burning books.  The tactics of the the righteous for so many years.  

Haaaaaavyamet [Hitler](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_book_burnings)?
In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray for a mansion, a Ferrari, and Carmen Electra. You just have to ask the right person in the right way. Jesus' ability to answer prayers glorifies the Father. Except he doesn't, so it doesn't.
The gist is pretty much the same, and the New International Version is easier to work with for modern readers. Feel free to compare and contrast a few different translations if you have some clever apologetics to offer, but I doubt it.
The verse immediately before, and immediately after, the ones you mention specifically talk about obedience to the way of Jesus.

v 12 "I tell you the truth, anyone who has faith in me will do what I have been doing. He will do even greater things than these, because I am going to the Father."

v 15 "If you love me, you will obey what I command..."

So.. its just possible that Jesus' words should be seen within this context: that Jesus was talking to his disciples, and promising that he would give them whatever they asked in his name while they were obedient.

This meaning is even partially within the verses you quote: the "so that" phrase, indicating the answers to prayer will bring glory to the Father.

Since its trivially possible to structure a prayer that, upon being answered, would not bring glory to the Father, this would seem a fairly reliable reading of these meaning of Jesus' words in these verses.
You are aware that Western philosophical thought from Socrates to Wittgenstein could be easily and truthfully dismissed as 'semantics', even moreso than a discussion on what words within context mean... it is in the nature of the thing.
That is very much not 'all prayer of anyone is answered', since Daniel is also remarked to be a faithful servant (in the very verse you quote)
since this discussion began with "The Bible promises that all prayers will be answered", the two verses quoted are not strong backing evidence.

The second specifically says that the asker must have some faith.

The first: well the two preceding verses specify a time in the future: "I will see you again and you will rejoice, and no one will take away your joy. (23) In that day ..", so its possibly that Jesus' 'ask and receive' promise relates to that future time. The tense of the verbs is unclear. 

Regardless, the 'your joy may be made full' in the verse you quoted is a direct reference to the joy of seeing Jesus return (given the context of the passage), so even if Jesus is not talking about prayers made when he returns, the result of receiving an answer to their prayer is the same joy as that. In other words, the kind of prayer he is talking about is one that results in joy of the kind as seeing Jesus return.
Has anyone told this guy that no religion can deliver, and that's why they all  have clauses about the afterlife when you can't know it until it's too late, or about God's mysterious will in  not granting your wish or miracle? xD
That's the double-bind religions/cons always put their victims in.  It's the escape clause for not delivering on their promises.  All of these great and wonderful things are "true", but if it doesn't work out for you it's because *you* did something wrong.  In this case, you weren't being obedient.  In the snake oil case, you either used too much or too little.
As far as 80% of the world is concerned,being
pissed is being drunk,if he is very annoyed he
would be pissed off.really pissed is falling over drunk.
Obviously, none of the "faithful" have any faith or we'd see lots of strange crap going on.
Being obedient is not a necessary condition for the realization of prayers. If it were, it would have been stated as such. They're separate concepts in separate verses. In addition to which, the realization of any prayer brings glory to the Father, because he manifests his glory by creating miracles and doing the difficult or impossible. Except he's incapable of this, or doesn't even exist.
Thats all well and true, but the same critique could be applied to almost anything: if there are instructions given and you chose not to follow the instructions, then the results will not be as expected or promised.

The chief difference between snake oil and religion is that.. ok, first of all, a fair amount of religion _is_ snake oil and there are plenty of churches run by people who just want your money. I'm not going to deny that, since its obvious, but just to say that _anything_ which offers the opportunity for one person to screw over their fellow persons will soon be abused... even something like science is subject to this aspect of human nature pretty regularly.. it just has a more efficient way of turfing out the crooks.

That said, most religions I've encountered do try and let you know up front that they aren't offering a gimme and that you might be expected to make some changes in your life.

Pragmatism is the key: do what works for you. And from my sampling of reddit, what works for most people here is atheism or agnostism. So, fair enough, good... that works for you: you're happy and content and free. Others have found happiness and contentment and freedom elsewhere.

Is it so wrong to compare the methods by which we each obtained our freedom? And do so without condescension. ( At this point, I apologise for the fact that probably very many of the religious people you have encountered were condescending to you ... especially if you live in the US ... there's something not right about the way they are raising some of their Christians ).
Thank you, I was wondering the same thing. Shortly after I wondered who the fuck Jason Behge is.
&gt; If it were, it would have been stated as such

Conversely, if Jesus meant that anyone could ask for anything in prayer and receive it, he would have stated as much. This verse is part of a conversation, a long conversation. (btw, the placement of the verses is as much a part of the biblical canon as the line numbers in Shakespeare: its just there to make quoting easier). 

I've just been reading part of a speech by Bill Clinton that the right-wing talkshows have been happily quoting the first sentences of, while neglecting the follow-on sentence that radically changes the intention of his meaning.

Secondly, the bold claim that the realization of _any_ prayer brings glory to the Father shows a very poor systematic theology of the bible, or a very peculiar one. Its trivially easy to construct a prayer that doesn't give God glory (eg "God, let no-one believe in you") and passages in the bible demonstrate that God's glory is not synonymous with people getting whatever harmful or foolish things they happen to want at a particular moment in time (ie Carmen Electra, mentioned elsewhere)
&gt; "God, let no-one believe in you"

God is not capable of this due to free will, etc.

And please tell me how it is harmful or foolish for a man to have sex with Carmen Electra? Didn't God himself say to be fruitful and multiply? What better way to do this than with a hot chick?

It brings glory to the Father whenever he can demonstrate that he can manifest the difficult or impossible. It brings shame to him whenever he is unable to -- especially because he promised to do ANYTHING asked of him.
80 percent, eh? Don't make me get pissed!
Seen any amputees healed lately?  Or are they not obedient enough?  They must not be "following the instructions", right?
I'd say more like 90%,but i don't see why that
should drive you to drink
"I don't have an agenda... I'm just trying to..."
Well, if Carmen wasn't up for it. And if she was, why need prayer?

&gt; especially because he promised to do ANYTHING asked of him

Something that you have not yet shown is a promise he made.

Look, if the God you describe is the God you don't believe in, you have good reason to not believe in it. But its a strawman God, its not the God described by Jesus
I'd say that with 20-25% of the world speaking English as primary or secondary language, it might be more like 15-20%.
This is just making me more and more pissed! Thank you!
The interpretation you are proposing negates the very concept of prayer. Here is how.

According to your interpretation, there are four kinds of events in the universe:

1. Events that people pray for, which God also wishes to realize.
2. Events that people pray for, which God does not wish to realize.
3. Events that people do not pray for, which God wishes to realize.
4. Events that people do not pray for, which God does not wish to realize.

According to you, God will only do (1) and (3). So God will do whatever the hell he wants to do regardless of whatever the hell people pray for. What, then, is the point of prayer? What does it matter whether people pray or not? Does prayer even exist as a concept under these circumstances? The answer is clearly no, prayer does not exist, because one cannot differentiate between a universe in which prayer exists and a universe in which prayer does not exist.

In short, the Bible is a lie.
This just in: People have the fucking freedom of religion to believe in what they want to believe in here. 

( and don't respond with the lame : b-b-b-but I  have freedom of speech yada yada )

Even though it may be bullshit to you ( and me ) its not to many people. Respect their choice and freedom.
Well, your argument was that the existence of such a place was in fact ridiculous. My point was that your argument rested on a lack of imagination.
Yeah, well if people are going to pull a single sentence out of such a huge document to use as evidence, they should realize that there's more than one way of interpreting the words.
Or, perhaps the electro-chemical-etc. is simply part of a simulation created by God, and the *you* is simply some *thing* observing your body and personality and so forth. Perhaps the "real world" is simply a subset of a different reality which has less constraints than this reality. Perhaps the very notion of "existence" doesn't mean anything. And all that mumbo-jumbo. It's mumbo-jumbo because it doesn't mean anything to *us*, but just because your idea of the afterlife doesn't make sense doesn't mean someone else's idea isn't valid.

Religion doesn't really explain *how*, and I guess that puts a lot of people off.
&gt; Atheists try and have it both ways!!? Man, how about Christians who claim "thou shalt not kill" is a commandment from God himself but then go and murder Muslims in the name of God?

I'm totally with you on that.

&gt; If I were a Christian I would worry about what I did in the previous life to be put in such a Godless, harsh environment.

The sum of mankind's written works would say that you wouldn't be alone in such a thought.
A lot of churches define "sin" as something that takes you further away from God
Yeah, but then it'll be like "uh excuse me how is a mansion and a Ferrari and Carmen Electra going to glorify me?" and then he'll be like "I'm Dave Navarro, yo" and then be like "ok, but you have to give up Carmen after a while"
What if God does not always do the 3s ? Then He would wish us to pray, to make those potential 3s into 1s.

Also, I think you are assuming that answered prayer requires an external material change. This is not the main example given by Jesus. He prayed for guidance, for peace, in praise, in thanksgiving, and for submission. None of these prayers are answered by something happening 'out there' ( ie by an observable result), they are answered by the believer drawing closer to God in spirit.

In this case, God desires (from what Jesus says) very much to grant these prayers (cases 3+1), but will usually only do so if the prayer is actually said (case 1).
Events do not have to be "out there". Any event qualifies, including emotional changes -- any change in the configuration of atomic or subatomic particles in the universe counts as an event. So your objection is moot.

God does not care whether it is a case (3)  or a case (1) because he's going to do whatever the hell he wants to do anyway, and getting people to pray for what's already predestined does not glorify the Father, it is mere conmanship. There is no meaningful difference between cases of (3) and (1). The exact same shit happens. In fact, there is no way that the exact same shit cannot happen, because that would conflict with destiny.

You have invalidated the existence of prayer, congratulations.
You are now presenting the situation of total predestination and pre-scripting of everything. If this were true then every action is invalidated, so the fact that it invalidates prayer is the least of my concerns. 

I don't take this position, and there's ample evidence in the bible that Jesus didn't take this position either. (Calvin argues it only in regard to salvation, not in regard to _everything_)

&gt; God ... [is] going to do whatever the hell he wants to do anyway

Really? God claims this in a macro sense (He will determine the final outcome of all things), but as far as I know, never in a micro sense (things like emotional changes and stuff not 'out there'). Thats the free will thing again. God only goes as far as claiming knowledge of the micro-sense, but not a pre-scripted reality dictating what will happen.
If human will is free, how can God intrude upon one's emotions, as you claim that he does when answering prayers of an emotional nature? You keep contradicting yourself.
And here we are.. the edge of the abyss. 

Look around, countless men from both sides of this debate have fallen in and never returned, and we (or I am, you may not be) are mere amateurs, with barely a published philosophical work between us. 

Do we dare step forward, into the chasm?

I think you will.

What is the nature of free will? What is thought, and how does consciousness exist? To what extent are we a construct our own reality? Are we merely impulses, a waveform of neurons  activating and deactivating in sequences that appear as thought?

Without answers, or part-answers, to the above, we're not going to get very far on how God can influence our emotions. You (I think) believe he doesn't. That matter forms from the chaotic interactions of sub-atomic particles, guiding by material laws, set in motion since whenever matter came to be. Without purpose or design.

I believe consciousness is more than that, more than simply an evolutionary trait, an advantage that developed from neurons striving to attain a competitive edge.

Human's can have free will and still relate to others. Relationships are possible between free will individuals, and our emotions change as a result of our relationships. 

In this case, God is spirit, and our relationship to him exists in the spiritual realm. That doesn't mean the relationship can't have an emotional effect or a spiritual effect without invalidating free will. 

In short, God 'intrudes' on your emotions in a similar way to anyone who makes you feel. Its just that He exists on the spiritual realm, and he effects our soul most.

But.. we don't have a soul, right? 

well, thats the next step down the abyss...
Freedom of speech is lame?
It doesn't matter what I believe. The issue is that you haven't been able to make a self-consistent case. On the one hand, you propose an inviolable free will, and on the other hand allow your god to mess with it as he wishes. The Bible is in two minds about this as well, going to and fro between the two views as it suits the context. Due to this inconsistency (among many others) the Bible is a lie.

Edit: The Pharaoh whose heart was hardened so that he was unable to free the Jews even if he wanted to, would disagree with you on God's intrusion being similar "to anyone who makes you feel".
&gt; you propose an inviolable free will, and on the other hand allow your god to mess with it as he wishes

I specifically did not claim that. 

From what I understand, free will exists in the mind. God hardened Pharaohs' heart. 

Now if you want to claim I'm splitting hairs by placing the will in the mind and leaving the heart free for God to "mess with", so be it. I am indeed claiming that there is a free part to us, a free conscious self. I'm also claiming that we have a soul. God "messes with" the soul, as it were, though I'd never use those words: I'd instead say that the soul is where the spiritual emotions are felt. (similar to, but obviously different also, to how physical emotions are felt)

This is why I said we weren't going to get very far without working out what free will, the soul, and consciousness are. 

And this is reddit.. hardly the appropriate place to answer one of philosophy's great questions.

PS If you next say that there's no need to answer it, 'cos people don't have a soul, and consciousness is a trick of neuron activity in the mind.. then I'll be disappointed

PPS If you instead say you don't care if I'm dissappointed or not 'cos it has no bearing on the discussion, well then you'd be absolutely right
There is no meaningful way that you can claim the Pharaoh had free will. His will was under duress because his emotions were not his own. They were imposed upon him. His character had significantly changed, so much so that he did not bear responsibility for those actions. They were the actions of a completely different sort of person with different emotions. You are not really splitting hairs, there, you're throwing your hands up, because that instance (and many others like it) exposes the free will paradox and shows the Bible to be a lie.

Edit: You also claimed that "God 'intrudes' on your emotions in a similar way to anyone who makes you feel" and the Pharaoh incident furthermore contradicts that. You can't help it, though, because the Bible keeps contradicting itself. You're just along for the ride.
So you are saying the real me is observing my body right now?  I feel no connection to this observer so why should I give a rats ass about whether it goes to a better place or not?  The me that I know and experience and am is confined to my brain's experience.  Anything outside of that is not *me*.
Does a soldier under duress, due to torture, still have free will?

(In the philosophical sense of free will, not, is he free at that point to make a rational choice).

My point in my previous post was to say that there is a part of us (for simplicities sake, the mind) that is conscious and 'free'. Not free from emotion. Not free from pain. But free in the sense of free will.

And also there is a part of us, the soul, that is influenced by God.

This ties back to the point made earlier that God can/cant' answer prayer without 'interfering' with us. I am stating that because the soul and the mind are two different things (a debatable point, sure) that He can, without removing the fact of free will.

That Pharaoh was under duress does not change the nature of human free will.

If we are now arguing that the existence of God _must_ mean that free will _can't_ exist, then our concepts of both God and free will are substantially different.

EDIT 
&gt;so much so that he did not bear responsibility for those actions

Is there a verse for this? I can't remember the story well enough, but I don't recall responsibility coming into it.
Torture is external, changed emotions are internal. Consider a murder you've been compelled to commit after being forcefully injected with megadoses of adrenaline, so that you weren't in control of your emotions anymore. You wouldn't be tried for murder in any court in the world. You'd most likely go free.

Emotions and behaviors are intimately related, and for you to claim they are clearly delineated is not convincing.

Edit: Also, if God wanted the Pharaoh to make a choice of free will, why did he harden his heart? Clearly, he was stacking the chips in his favor, and making it impossible for the Pharaoh to act on his conscience, because his conscience was no longer his own, but another conscience.
&gt; they are clearly delineated

Again, this is not something I'm claiming.

Lets step back: what do you mean by free will?

I mean: a mostly rational consciousness, not always in control of us (there's the unconscious for a start, plus sleep, emotions, etc) but always present. 

I do not mean: rational behaviours that directly result from that consciousness.

Are emotions part of your concept of free will? Or a factor of the body that influences the free will choices?

Now back to the torture question. I'm not interested in whether the adrenalinee-injectee is going to prison. I'm interested in whether you believe that they stopped having free will. ie that free will is a transient state, turned on and off by things external to the mind. 

Because if things like drugs are turning our free will on and off ... then that's a different usage of the term 'free will' than the one I'm using.
You assume that being spiritually fulfilled involves having a complete body?

That an amputee can't be spiritually fulfilled?
Adrenaline is not a drug. It's a naturally occurring hormone. If you somehow manage to increase the level of adrenaline in the body, either by injecting it, or by overworking adrenaline-glands, etc., then the body goes into a highly aggressive fight-or-flight mode. Lots of other hormones have effects like this on mood and behavior.

Free will is a state where a person in their normal and regular state of mind and emotion is making a choice. If you change their personality, then their will is no longer free, in the same way that changing their brain would impact their free will. If you take a person who's never angry, and artifically get them to be very angry, then that person's behaviors are no longer free, because those behaviors are no longer his own. They are caused by a personality that is different from his own.

Emotions have direct bearing on behaviors. I don't understand how you can claim otherwise.
In my previous reply I began with:

&lt;quote&gt;

&gt; they are clearly delineated

Again, this is not something I'm claiming.

&lt;/quote&gt;


The quoted phrase "they are clearly delineated", is the tail of a sentence from your previous post:

&gt; Emotions and behaviors are intimately related, and for you to claim they are clearly delineated is not convincing.

So let me state again.. this is not something I'm claiming.

What I _am_ claiming is that emotions and free will are separate, (but effect each other).

In a similar way, spiritual (the soul) effects emotions. God effects the soul, and that has the power to influence our emotions.

every reference I've made to God directly effecting emotions has explicitly stated that he works in the spiritual realm.

---
By free will, I mean the philosophical concept of free will, in the debate between free will and determinism.

Its clear to me now that you're using it to mean 'currently free'.

Looking back... I think we got into this trail when you stated:

&gt;If human will is free, how can God intrude upon one's emotions, as you claim that he does when answering prayers of an emotional nature?

God answering prayer doesn't negate the philosophical concept of free will, is what I'm saying. The same way that drugs, hormones, or emotions don't negate the concept of free will.

---

ADDENDUM: Anyway, I'm done for today, logging off. Its been a pleasure chatting with you about this. Feel free to have the last word.
Here are the ways in which you are failing to make sense:

* You have reduced the concept of prayer to God affecting one's emotions "in a similar way to anyone who makes you feel" (and if so, why prefer God over your therapist? at least the therapist has a better track record of success!)

* You have failed to explain why God hardened the Pharaoh's heart if he respects free will. (Your convoluted explanation of mind vs soul vs emotions does not parallel what we observe about human behavior.)

* If you grant that emotions affect free will, you have failed to explain how the Pharaoh can still be claimed to exercise free will when his personality was so significantly changed.

Basically, you're just complicating your interpretation of the Bible further and further every time a contradiction pops up. But you are no longer convincing.
Not only is there a man in his cabinet

But the man, is a midget midget midget midget...
No, they're simply proof that whatever you guys consider "God" doesn't stick by the promises of the bible.
So when you play a video game, nothing about that character on the screen is "you?" I mean, nothing should exist outside of the program environment, right?

(And yes, this is a "matrix" argument.)
I was thinking about this in the shower this morning.  I have actually been mulling this idea over for about a year now and it was not until I was in the shower after responding to your comment that I realised you were talking about the Matrix idea.

I remember some time ago reading about a scientist/recognised thinker or someone like that postulating that it is actually statistically likely that we are indeed living in a simulation.  It's been bugging me ever since then.

I guess you got me on this one.  I can see how a life after "life" might be possible.
I can also see it from your point of view if that kind of idea sounds totally ridiculous to you.
I have had a few theological discussions on reddit this past week.  Most have been very rewarding in terms of the ideas I have covered and people I have discussed them with.

I continue to keep an open, if not agnostic, mind.
what is the same signature?

Summary:
Thats the free will thing again.
I have come in answer to your prayer."
You (I think) believe he doesn't.
I don't think you read it right.
You may ask me for anything in my name, and I will do it."
God answering prayer doesn't negate the philosophical concept of free will, is what I'm saying.
What is the nature of free will?
What I _am_ claiming is that emotions and free will are separate, (but effect each other).
I'm also claiming that we have a soul.
What, then, is the point of prayer?
You'd most likely go free.
I don't care what churches say.
It doesn't matter what I believe.
I don't think faith even asks the 'why' questions.
You think I said he was creative?
What bible and what verse?
&gt; You think I said he was creative?
Events that people pray for, which God does not wish to realize.
Events that people do not pray for, which God wishes to realize.
Events that people do not pray for, which God does not wish to realize.
The Bible is a lie.
Events that people pray for, which God also wishes to realize.
There is no meaningful way that you can claim the Pharaoh had free will.
That's why I think he didn't write them.
If it were, it would have been stated as such.
You just have to ask the right person in the right way.
In a similar way, spiritual (the soul) effects emotions.
Don't make me get pissed!
He will do even greater things than these, because I am going to the Father."
In short, God 'intrudes' on your emotions in a similar way to anyone who makes you feel.
But free in the sense of free will.
From what I understand, free will exists in the mind.
So let me state again.. this is not something I'm claiming.
The same way that drugs, hormones, or emotions don't negate the concept of free will.
I'm talking about his books *and* his religion.
But.. we don't have a soul, right?
Are emotions part of your concept of free will?
Except he doesn't, so it doesn't.
And also there is a part of us, the soul, that is influenced by God.
People who believe in a hell are not reasonable.
&gt; Atheists try and have it both ways!!?
Atheists try and have it both ways!!?
I really liked his quote that "they are just trying to help."
If you ask me, by your own definition we are most likely living in hell now.
Lets step back: what do you mean by free will?
Edit: Also, if God wanted the Pharaoh to make a choice of free will, why did he harden his heart?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.39
