Original Response:
[deleted]
"support our troops"
Winning hearts and minds.
Why did you link to DemocraticUnderground instead of the original source?
freedom and liberation

shining example of democracy
and ensuring you can use neither.
You've gotta break a few ribs to make an omelette.
Sorry, but an Iraqi man dies from 25 rib fractures (etc), and a fractured sternum....and we're worried about how taxes are spent?  It's not a local public school's Annual General Meeting, that was a person.  Was.
I think this is a prime example of the Iraq mission's humanitarian nature.

Heck, they even gagged him so that he wouldn't painfully bite his tongue while being killed.
Dude, that's the point. The fact that it's your tax dollars mean that it's being done in your name. Your Government is torturing and killing people and using your money to do it, and the only people that can stop it is you.
I live in Australia.  And I realize that giving money means sanctioning bullshit like this.  It just seemed a little weird to be saying: "This dude was horribly killed....think of what we could have done with the cash!".  And, I know that's hyperbole, but it just seemed a little strange at first.
As a Brit I can honestly say that I continue to feel incredible sadness that my spineless, pathetic Government allied itself with the U.S. and their blatantly illegal attack on Iraq despite the huge voice of the people that said "No!". 

The really sad thing is that whilst Billy Liar finally got the message that the Iraq business had made his position untenable there isn't really the great call for him to be tried as a war criminal as there seems to be for Bush.
I hate war and I'm not supporting the actions of the Bush team; but we are at war, and this is the kind of shit that happens when you send redneck, uneducated kids with guns to kill people.  Hundreds of studies have been done about this kind of thing.  Ordinary people turn into monsters during wartime.  Remember what the Japanese did during WWII?  Or the Germans?  Or the Koreans did to American GI's during the Korean war?
+1 heart. It sure took a lot of ribs to get through.
Hint: "Our tax dollars at work" is a phrase very commonly used to *condemn* unjust/cruel actions by the military or the government. Not the fact that money was spent for it.
[deleted]
Hold on a second, how do we know it wasn't the
&gt;V. Enlarged, Nodular Prostate Gland
that killed him?
Yeah really...daily kos has a more credibility.
[deleted]
[deleted]
And these nice trained killers are coming home one day and maybe in a place nearby you and your family... Doesn't that make you feel so much safer and protected from these cruel, scary islamic terrorists?
We can do better, though.  If the administration didn't want this kind of thing, it wouldn't happen nearly as much.

[Here's](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/10/05/AR2007100502492.html) how we treated Nazis--including high-ranking ones--during WWII.  Big difference.
Ah, AmeriKKKa.
[deleted]
[deleted]
The article says he was a *white* male. I don't see what this has to do with Islamic terrorists.
isn't the sternum cartilage? and it doesn't protect your heart it holds your ribs together in the cent on the front of your rib cage... still painful and pathetic nonetheless
I see my comment is being voted down, obviously by chefs unfamiliar with Guantanamo cuisine *par excellence*.
You didn't happen to ride the short yellow bus to school did you?
We're at war with terror, which isn't a proper war, and is just an excuse to invade other countries.
Britain sure does have a great tradition of respectable maniacs.
I believe it is about 44 cents on everyone one of our tax dollars that ends up in Iraq instead of helping our schools or anything else actually in the USA.
And it's tied into the original revolutionary concept of accountability.
Mission Accomplished.
The sternum is a bone, and it is designed to protect the heart and lungs. It is connected to the ribs with cartilage. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sternum
The purpose of his imprisonment, beating and death was to terrorize the local population into submission.  When "Ahmed's son" shows up in a casket and "Ahmed" collects his hundred dollars, the locals will all know what happened, more than American news consumers.  
"Hearts and Minds" was to prevent an insurgency from forming, but it is too late for that.  The new policy is terror &amp; brutality: to fight an established popular insurgency.  It will not be televised as you said.
Unfortunately Billy will go down in history as one of our most deluded leaders, which is a shame because on the whole he was a good PM. A bit wet on crime but certainly better than the shower before him.
[deleted]
I thought Bush said that we were giving the world democracy?
[deleted]
Exactly. I would be less worried about 'tax dollars at work' and more worried about revenege, when it comes looking fo US citizens.
No sense of humour, that's what it is.

Omelette? Ribs? Come on folks, mixing the sublime with the ridiculous can only be a joke.
[deleted]
'Designed'? We don't want your type 'round 'ere.
So when a thief picks your pockets, and uses your credit card to buy a gun and shoot someone, that's done in your name?

It is done in the name on the government. So long as the people of the country do not have a way to opt out of taxes for this or that, then I don't think anyone needs to feel ashamed that it is done in *their name*. Angry, maybe, that it is *claimed* to be done for them, but not ashamed.
Thank you so much for your post.  It is sad that most people have not reflected on the effects of torture on the tortured as well as the torturers.

The surest way to win cooperation, and thus, hearts and minds of enemy soldiers and citizens is to be a good role model and to maintain a system that is more humane than that of the enemy.

If torturing was the ultimate key to success, why did the inquisition ever come to an end?
"Fighting the war on terror, one old lady at a time"

Man, that GTA ad was so great...
Britain is really the epicenter of this all. The US is our bitch, contrary to popular belief. We literally OWN the US. Seriously. Literally.
This is what happened when you get the most braindead, sick monsters and give them guns.
&gt; Britain sure does have a great tradition of respectable maniacs.

At least the redcoats of old had guts and balls and didn't say they were trying to win the "hearts and minds" of the population.
And they will fear, hate and resent the foreign invaders that caused the suffering that would lead to punishment if carried out on an animal here in the US.

The troops are trained to see the enemy as "haji", a sub-human life form deserving of humiliation, degrading practices and aggressive violence.

This is merely a reflection of a very serious leadership crisis initiated by a cabal of civilians that have avoided true public service at all costs and misused their positions of trust in order to enrich themselves and their cronys.
[Here's the actual autopsy report](http://action.aclu.org/torturefoia/released/102405/3235.pdf), which is linked on that page, but I agree -- OP shouild have linked to [the original source](http://www.aclu.org/safefree/torture/torturefoia.html) -- not DailyKos, but the American Civil Liberties Union. The ACLU did the work of getting that document through relentless pursuit of Freedom of Information requests, and has plenty of suggestions about what people can do to end this horror. They deserve the credit and support, and we all need to stop simply decrying torture and actually work together strategically to end it.
These tactics only encouraged the insurgency. The lesson learnt was "don't get caught". QED IED.
I'm not sure how that relates to my little comment. 

Funny you should mention the Revolutionary War being that the King of Britain at the time was an actual madman.
...United Stasi of America
I'm too dense to comprehend the autopsy report completely, and was wondering if the doctor mentioned his professional opinion on the most likely cause of these physical injuries. Do they even include such evidence in an autopsy report?
Looks like suicide...
Reverend Wright was like *soooo* wrong, lol.
Hey now, I didn't indicate who or what may have "designed" it. That's up for each of us to decide for ourselves.
&gt; Funny you should mention the Revolutionary War

I didn't.
"47 year old white male"...Iraqi?
Point made. However I still don't see your original one.

OK then "the redcoats of old". Started by Oliver Cromwell that bastion of freedom against the King, as long as you're not Catholic or celebrate Christmas.
And illegal invasions.
Exactly.  I feel SO MUCH SAFER that like many folks I sometimes consider fleeing the country.
Propaganda FAIL!
The training is very rigorous. Not everyone survives Democracy 2.0
Britain's tradition of invasions long predates the existence of international law.  Most of them were just colonial business-as-usual.
Someone give the man a cookie for clueing in the international types.
That's not what they're saying.  "Our tax dollars at work" doesn't mean "we could have made better use of the money," it means "We're paying for this sadism."  The complaint is that we're being made complicit in torturing people to death.
yeah, they hate your freedoms and all.
Sure. The notion that they're all dark skinned is false.
People who would kill a man hanging and gagged deserve a taste of their own medicine. They can stop hiding behind the flag and their uniform, they are murdering assholes and have given up their right to live in society. Unfortunately, torturing a man like that is allowed if you're on the side of the biggest and strongest group of armed people.
Tell me a country on earth that doesn't have some shady black eye business going on. It's not that the USA is a pathetic excuse for a country, it's that the human race is a pathetic excuse for a species.
most cynical title ever
The poor man was given an overdose of US freedom.
Sometimes I wonder if it would be possible to renounce citizenship from every nation on Earth and give donations, equal to the amount of tax dollars I pay, to the various causes I suppose.

Then I wonder what would happen if a sizable chunk of the World's population did that.
The redcoats were the finest and most discplined warriors during the age of muskets. They stood in lines and let people shoot at them without ever breaking formation. That took balls. Huge fucking British balls.
How'd that quote go? 

"If there are useless men in front, then the men in the back and the middle are also useless"
Sweden?
Right?

What is it with this comment thread with people not being at all coherent? And the reason those formations didn't carry on past 'the age of muskets' was that muskets were shit and if you dared go near a modern gun with those formations you'd be cut to pieces.

Past that, Britain is merely a geographical musing in my book. I've never met a British person, just the same as I've never met a European. It has nothing to do with culture or nationhood just economics.
My first thoughts is that (as a brit) I'd be a bit screwed over on Bus Faires (being subsidised) and free medical care.
Or what the Americans did to the Vietnamese during that war....or no, not a war I guess. A police action...guess it's ok then.
"words can reduce a person to an object, something more easy to hate, 
and inanimate entity, 
completely disposable, 
no problem to obliterate. But death is the silence, in this language of violence...
You won't see the face til the eyelids drop,
you won't hear the screaming until it stops."

Just a little Michael Franti to brighten your day. A perfectly applicable quote from a song that was talking about something completely different.
Yes now imagine if every country were non-interventionist. I hear that worked out well in the 1930's-40's.
I'm vaugely starting to get a feel of what it's like when vets come home...
[deleted]
More like physically removing hearts and minds.
No we aren't.  If we were at war, the geneva
convention would prevail.  Didn't you see the Bush memo?  We can torture them because
they are irregular non-combatants--just folks we happened to run across.
free Tibet! :p
Well - no. The assumption of your first question was that there are none, and this somehow justifies US attrocities. "the human race is a pathetic excuse for a species" you said.

You were wrong. Admit it.

Coming back with a fake dichotomy doesn't allow you to save face I'm afraid.
When facts fail, smear.
Science means that not everything is a matter of opinion.

It evolved. No magic required.

Still. As you were etc.
[deleted]
I know, and money = support.  My point is just that the term sounds very odd doesn't it?  It almost comes across as economic rationalism (though of course, it isn't) I know what it signifies.  Sorry if that wasn't clear.
Well considering every country and every government has skeletons in it's closet, it's silly to try and say Sweden is without blemish. So I wasn't wrong. Sitting around and doing nothing when people are being killed around you is an atrocity. So there is no need to save face.
I was being sarcastic. My comment was in agreement with that of soar's.
[deleted]
No - I think you need to accept that you failed that one. 

Trying to hide recent US attrocities behind "blemishes" of Sweden's that you don't know of *per se* but hell, "they must be there" is flimsy to the point of hilarity.

But it's not that funny because we are talking about attrocities here. Nothing justifies this. To even try is a pathetic betrayal of everything you should be standing for, and you know it.

Still. Whatever. Have a nice day and so on.
Um ok how about this smart guy. During WWII while Hitler was spreading across Europe and killing innocent people- Sweden sat on their fucking hands and didn't do shit to stop it. Inaction against evil is just as big of an atrocity as any. Oh not to mention Sweden also allowed Germany to use their rails to transport infantry and war material. So there is your atrocity. Have a nice day.

&gt;http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sweden_during_World_War_II
And I hope you consider yourself all the poorer for it. Unless we're thinking of the French here, in which case count yourself lucky.

Summary:
I know, and money = support.
It is done in the name on the government.
The fact that it's your tax dollars mean that it's being done in your name.
&gt; Funny you should mention the Revolutionary War

I didn't.
I don't see what this has to do with Islamic terrorists.
However I still don't see your original one.
No - I think you need to accept that you failed that one.
That's not what they're saying.
So there is your atrocity.
I thought Bush said that we were giving the world democracy?
And, I know that's hyperbole, but it just seemed a little strange at first.
I hear that worked out well in the 1930's-40's.
The complaint is that we're being made complicit in torturing people to death.
That's up for each of us to decide for ourselves.
It sure took a lot of ribs to get through.
And I realize that giving money means sanctioning bullshit like this.
Didn't you see the Bush memo?
Your Government is torturing and killing people and using your money to do it, and the only people that can stop it is you.
The poor man was given an overdose of US freedom.
The training is very rigorous.
So there is no need to save face.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.13
