Original Response:
[deleted]
Damn deadbeats.
WTF...

Get caught on the GO without a ticket and you get one warning, and the next time they write you a ticket. They're literally arresting people in Vancouver? Must be the druggies from the drug districts.
Good, that'll teach those free-loading bastards a lot better than some fine.
Dudley Do-Right: Stop, Snidely Whiplash, in the name of the law! *--&gt; Insert Tazer noises here &lt;--*
[deleted]
Maybe the submitter should have included more relevant information:
"In one incident, a non-paying passenger was tasered after he held onto a railing on the SkyTrain platform and refused to let go."

I'm sure it was a lot worse than even what this shows.  To let the guy get away with this nonsense is to punish all other law bidding citizens.
[deleted]
What a sensationalist headline. They were not tased for not paying, thats only what the initial confrontation was regarding. And that was only for 5 of the 10 listed. There are some crazy fucks on those trains, I see em every morning.

When I got caught without a fare, they didn't tase me. They didn't even fine me!
"Canadian Cops Taser Transit Riders for RESISTING ARREST"

Fixed.
A warning? When I took the GO into Toronto every day for four years and just one time I forgot it was the first of the month so I didn't buy a monthly pass and I get a $90 ticket. I even showed the rent-a-cop passes for the past four months that I still had in my wallet.

I'm glad I'm no longer in that crush of people.
Maybe if reddit had a "description" field ;)
Don't tase me, hoser!
Considering tasers are intended to be used in situations where guns were formerly used, obviously these cops would've unloaded a clip into these free riders if they didn't have a taser available.

Right?
I thought tasers were an alternative for a confluence of clubs and guns. I find it hard to believe that they would have been beaten for it either though... There's something dangerously benign-seeming about a taser.
No..  tasers have nothign to do with guns.  Tasers are used as a nonlethal method to ensure cooperation from people who would ordinarily fight back.  My neighbor carries a taser, her partner carries a beretta, only reason they dont carry both is because their belt isnt big enough.
man no one without monthly passes actually pays for the Sky Train. For those of you not from Vancouver, the Sky Train is completely automated and basically as you walk into the station there is only a computerized ticket terminal... no turnstyle or anything. The stops are short enough that you just get off if the fuzz gets on.
The issue for me is the fact that it's an arrestable offense to skip over a $2.50 transit fare. Two fucking fifty? Give me a break.

Especially when you've got bums and druggies who refuse to pay the fare and are still allowed to ride Transit, because the bus operators are supposed to avoid conflict.

It's a good thing Vancouver has a transit system ran behind closed doors by a group of shadowy board members who's first order of business was to give themselves fat payraises as soon as they were installed. Because, you know, these guys surely use public transit, and have a vested interest in making the system better, and not just looking out for themselves.
It's sadly true, but the cops i've seen recently usually wait until the last second to get on the train.

The only time i've been checked for my ticket was the time my intuition told me "You've been riding for free too much, and this will probably be the time they check."

I felt like a fool actually using the ticket validater, but it sure paid off.

Turnstyles would go a long way to fixing the problem, but that would be too much of an "eastern canada" thing to work out here in the liberal and casual west.
[deleted]
They must have been shocked to find out that they have to pay to ride.
It doesn't say that they were arrested for not paying the fare.  I would imagine that they were arrested for not getting off the train/tram (or whatever it is) when ordered to.  THAT would be an arrestable offence.
[deleted]
Yes, I imagine the tension on the train was almost electric.
Somehow I suspect if Canadian was replaced with American the top comment would be a bit different...
[deleted]
[deleted]
I should have been more clear, it's the fact that it all stems from a $2.50 fare is what gets me.
[deleted]
RTFA.  They refused to leave and one guy grabbed onto a railing and wouldnt let go.
Reddit people intentionally mislead people!
That's funny you should mention that. I just moved here from Toronto in November and the "do the opposite of what toronto would do" style of life never ceases to crack me up.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I had a French communist tell me once, after she was bitching about the advertising on the metro and I countered, "Would you pay more for a ticket if that advertising wasn't there to help offset the cost?",  NO TRANSPORTATION IS A RIGHT AND SHOULD BE PROVIDED BY THE GOVERNMENT. 

What the F**k

I pay when I ride the Sky Train.  I paid when I lived in London and in Paris.  People that don't, suck.  Hell, in France you can even get free or reduced tickets if you are on RMI (the dole).  I've seen ticket collectors spit on, yelled at, mobbed.

I'm glad those resisting were dealt with properly.  If you don't like the rules, fucking walk....
This thread of comments has become completely static, and has avoided the current issue: people in the policing field are charged with upholding the law; more important, fare jumpers will be electrocuted...I mean persecuted...err...prosecuted...
But what should they have done?  They couldn't just let him keep riding after he was caught, so I would imagine that they asked him to get off.  He refused to do so and grabbed a bar and wouldn't let go.  So they tazed him and hauled him off.  I'll bet next time he gets caught riding without a ticket and they tell him to get off, he'll get off.

It's really not about the $2.50...it's about refusing the orders of an officer when he was caught in the middle of a crime (and yes, it was a small crime, but all he had to do was get off the bus), and then resisting arrest when he disregarded those orders.
in america he would have spent time in lockup for refusing to comply, and then time for resisting arrest.
You would think after the international incident at Vancouver Airport the Vancouver Transit Police would be a bit more concerned with the safety of the passengers.... just kidding... concerned with protecting their image.
&gt;"Canadian Cops Taser Transit Riders for RESISTING ARREST"

You can't be arrested for a citation.  There is no law saying you can be arrested for fare evasion.
&gt;There are some crazy fucks on those trains, I see em every morning.

Yeah.  Honour system.  What idiots came up with that system.  Someone needs to find Bill Bennett and give him a swift kick in the ass for that gaffe.
It might be hard for the cops to justify using tasers here. But I'd have a harder time justifying why I didn't pay my fare, to be honest. Hey, I'm just saying :P
Nice puns! You have a lot of potential.
shocking
in fact, all citzens should get tasers, in case they need to make a citzens arrest.
YOU CANT BE ARRESTED FOR NOT PAYING A FARE, 

and why on earth is it necessary to tazer anyone who doesn't comply now?
[deleted]
Does anyone even realize how many people resist arrest in a single day?

Not everyone breaking the law deserves to be tazered.  

When introduced, a tazer was designed to be a safeguard for an officers life. NOT a tool to use at his disposal. 

It should be treated like any other form of physical contact, like a gunshot, and should be used as infrequently as possible. 

I repeat, stop tazering EVERYONE.
FUCK ALL OF YOU PUNY PIECES OF SHIT
EXTRA EXTRA!  Canadian cops taser man for eating a bagel!! (and walking to the Metro, and getting on the Metro without paying, and becoming confrontational when officers called him out on it).  But still, he ate a bagel so let's make a sensationalist headline claiming that's why he got tasered.
Resistance is futile.
What they need is a mini-tazer for stuff like this.  It would just administer a quick jolt instead of having them writhing on the ground with barbs sticking out of them.

Well, it looks like there is such a thing, from the Wikipedia:

&gt;Some Taser models, particularly those used by police departments, also have a "Drive Stun" capability, where the Taser is held against the target without firing the projectiles, and is intended to cause pain without incapacitating the target. Taser defines "Drive Stun" as "the process of using the EMD weapon [Taser] as a pain compliance technique. This is done by activating the EMD and placing it against an individual’s body. This can be done without an air cartridge in place or after an air cartridge has been deployed."

I don't have an issue with something like that when it's used responsible and justifiably, which I think it was in that situation (if that's the taze that they used).
&gt;When introduced, a tazer was designed to be a safeguard for an officers life. NOT a tool to use at his disposal.

Exactly.  Now it's become like a second language to them.

Cop : Stop.

Perp : No.

Cop : Tazer.

Failing to stop doing something does not justify use of Tazer force.  Presumably, or so the movies have me believe, cops are trained in other types of conflict resolution besides "Tazer".
That's what the conductor said.
Resistance in inherent. Ohm.

/I got nothing.
infowars story on the front page of reddit... man this site is going to hell
I'm pretty sure not paying a fare is illegal and --&gt; you can be arrested.
no one really cared when i submitted the cbc story a couple of days ago with a slightly less sensational headline
Automatic downvote for infowars!
Catch up, this already happens.  In fact, they tazer some folks who haven't even broken the law.  We know this because a review has been done of certain cities/states and they found some of tazer usage took place when a ticket wasn't even issued.

Sleep well.
Where do I sign up for the pot and sex bit.
Read up on what the purpose of a taser is, you fucking fascist.
Fucking die you fucking piece of shit that likes to call names on the internet ;)

Gros Bisous!

- Het Adelaarvaren
CANADA ELECTROCUTES BAGEL EATERS
I didn't even need to read the article--I just went directly to the comments to confirm my suspicions. Another title full of shit.
Yeah, give us hell!
[deleted]
[Found him!](http://www.findagrave.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=pis&amp;GRid=6415&amp;PIgrid=6415&amp;PIcrid=639363&amp;PIpi=83170&amp;)
You can't be arrested by a guy who works for the subway.
Indeed.  More sensationalist linkbait tripe from infowars.
Bill Bennet != WAC Bennet.  

Bill:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Bennett

WAC:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WAC_Bennett

But I'm modding you up so a few people can see how ignorant you are.  

Dumbass.
Well, they wouldn't have so much trouble in Vancouver of people not paying the fare if they had, Oh I dunno...TICKET GATES, like every other freakin subway or train station on the planet. You have to be pretty spry to jump a turnstile. In Vancouver it's like the honor system..."OOh here's the ticket machine, we hope you buy one. But if you don't we will periodically send transit cops around to shock you into submission"

It would cost them less to install ticket turnstiles on the sky train (a one time deal) than it does to pay for all the stupid transit cops.
[deleted]
Calgary is the same.
actually, not a bus...because you have to pay to actually GET ONTO a bus. It was the sky train. which has NO ticket gates at any of the stations, so it's to damn easy to walk on the tain with no ticket.

Glad I don't have to make that moral decision any more. In Japan my company pays for my train pass....1200 bucks for a 6 month
pass.
When someone from the West says "eastern Canada," they mean Ontario. Maybe Quebec too.
&gt;When introduced, a tazer was designed to be a safeguard for an officers life.

They really only have two options if the guy is refusing to leave:

One, let the guy ignore their orders and stay on the train. That doesn't really square with me. Everyone who holds onto a bar shouldn't be able to ride for free while I pay.

Two, they can force him to let go. A taser seems one of the safest ways to do that.

I don't know the specifics of this case, so they may have been way out of line. However, I don't know that.
They allow horse back riding on transit in Canada?  Cool!
From what I understand, he was asked to get off since he didn't have a ticket. He refused to go. That's why he got arrested.
It doesn't matter why he was being arrested. He was holding on to a pole, not harming anyone. Canadian police are supposed to use tasers as a LAST RESORT - after using pepper spray, clubs and physical restraint fail to subdue a violent suspect.

But they seem to never use tasers as a last resort.  This is just another example of police brutality.
&gt;It would cost them less to install ticket turnstiles on the sky train (a one time deal) than it does to pay for all the stupid transit cops.

The skytrain stations on the most part were not designed for turnstiles. Were you to put them in stations like Broadway, it would severely limit the flow of people traffic and be a danger to public safety.
Bwa? How far away from work do you live?  I pay about 300 US for 6 months.
no kidding? Well they had only put in the train about a year before I moved out of Calgary, and I was only 15 at the time so don't remember it much. Only trip I rememeber on that train was a trip from the station near center street to stampede park to the Saddledome (when it was the saddle dome) to see Duran Duran.

Gack I'm old!
I dunno, I live in Japan. Tokyo station has waaaaaaaaaayyyyyyy more people trafic than Broadway ever thought of having and it's not a hazerd to safety.

If your just talking from a design standpoint, then the problem lies in the design of the station. They should have thought about fare jumpers and designed appropriate turnstile type stations to begin with. They never should have relied on the honor system. People ae cheap when they can get away with it.
this sounds like terrorism to me.
Both Williams, both Premiers... think what you want guy.
"A taser seems one of the safest ways to do that."

No, it shocks the living shit out of you. Do you even realize how damaging and permanent 100,000 volts can be? Thats why they call it "less than lethal" and not "safe happy fun time".  

It's only *slightly* not lethal. 

So why risk potentially permanently disabling someone over a $2.50 fare, and a refusal to leave? 

I am advocating their disobedience, I am just saying that tackling and cuffing seems like it would have worked just as well, and wouldn't have even made it to the reddit page if the cops had shown some restraint, and did their job, which used to be to protect and serve. Even the person breaking the law.
&gt;When introduced, a tazer was designed to be a safeguard for an officers life.

Tazering someone seems to be safer for an officer than wrestling them, especially when someone may have a knife (I've seen transit cops attacked with a knife in Vancouver).
"Tazering someone seems to be safer for an officer".

Which is why they should use it *when their life is in danger*, not when they want to make their job *easy*. 

Being a cop is not *easy*.

So, no I am not concerned about what makes his job appear easy. I am concerned with them doing their job in a way that respects their community around them, and ergo, causes the people to respect the men policing their streets.

Having biometrics in our arms would make identification *easy*, but do you think that just because it makes things easy we should be doing it?

*PAPERS PLEASE*.

EDIT: And yes, I Godwinned, this is relavent.
I'd say wrestling a strange guy is pretty dangerous, which is all you can really do when he refuses to comply. Although I may be biased in this case: like I said, I've seen transit cops get attacked with a knife.
I live in Osaka Japan, I work in Kyoto. It's about 40km away. One way from my home station to Kyoto station costs 890 yen. roughly equivalent to 8.90$.

You can get there for less, but it requires leaving the station at the transfer point, and then going back in on another ticket. That's just a pain in the butt.
Yeah, that's a fair distance.  I used to live in Kyotanabe, which is sort of half-way between Osaka and Kyoto.  I live in Tokyo now but my 300 doesn't cover anywhere even close to half that distance.

Stupid Massive Cities being all expensive and convenient like that
Sorry you don't like being called a fascist. Reconsider the use of EXCESSIVE force on unarmed civilians, maybe?

Q_Q

Summary:
It doesn't say that they were arrested for not paying the fare.
That's why he got arrested.
It was the sky train.
"Canadian Cops Taser Transit Riders for RESISTING ARREST"

Fixed.
When I got caught without a fare, they didn't tase me.
THAT would be an arrestable offence.
A taser seems one of the safest ways to do that.
"A taser seems one of the safest ways to do that."
&gt;It would cost them less to install ticket turnstiles on the sky train (a one time deal) than it does to pay for all the stupid transit cops.
It might be hard for the cops to justify using tasers here.
They didn't even fine me!
When introduced, a tazer was designed to be a safeguard for an officers life.
Being a cop is not *easy*.
However, I don't know that.
&gt;When introduced, a tazer was designed to be a safeguard for an officers life.
"Tazering someone seems to be safer for an officer".
I would imagine that they were arrested for not getting off the train/tram (or whatever it is) when ordered to.
I repeat, stop tazering EVERYONE.
But they seem to never use tasers as a last resort.
They refused to leave and one guy grabbed onto a railing and wouldnt let go.
They must have been shocked to find out that they have to pay to ride.
man no one without monthly passes actually pays for the Sky Train.
You can't be arrested by a guy who works for the subway.
They couldn't just let him keep riding after he was caught, so I would imagine that they asked him to get off.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.15
