Original Response:
Now if we could just nationalize a lot of industry. Especially those that the corporations have allowed to go under. Like steel and other manufactured goods.
Bingo.
When do we get to nationalize
Too little too late.
We need to do the same with big oil here.  

Every week big oil send faxes to all the gas stations with how much to raise the price per gallon.  Last week it was seven cents!  

Now here's the part you probbaly don't know.  The guys who "own" the gas stations *aren't* raising their profit per gallon.  In some cases they're actually cutting back.  They're scared shitless that if they raise their portion then nobody will buy their gas or their cigs and beer.

Why does big oil boldly raise prices again and again but the guy selling you the gas get less per gallon just to stay afloat?  Because big oil is a monopoly.  So long as the free market system has already failed us then there's no good reason not to take the only step left, nationalize big oil.  Oh, yeah, big pharma is next.
Must.. not.. quote.. Ayn Rand.

*shoots self*
Good for the people
America just doesn't get it. Nationalization is a civil right, just like the right to be black or gay.
When you want to waste government money on cronyism.
I can't wait till the US can't buy foreign oil so despots can't control their countries solely on the basis of oil income.
what an awful article. Does anyone have a link to an article written by an actual journalist?
Nationalization!  Wow, that worked out REAL well in Zimbabwe when they decided to take back the farms... oh wait, maybe it didn't turn out too well.

The problem with nationalization is that it violates the principle of contracts.  Now, Venezuela can kiss foreign investment goodbye as there is no protected property.  The conglomerate paid for the company and ran it as a business to make money. 

That's not a crime.
Maybe Venezuela is becoming one of the best places to do business as long as the business takes care of and respects their workers. Workers often have the best ideas of how to improve a company in different ways. I am sick and tired of the dictatorial workplaces in the so called free western world where the only benchmark is profit for the upper management on the expense of its workers and the environment.
What you're saying sounds good, but, really, it's pure bullshit. You equivocate the idea that "Workers often have the best ideas of how to improve a company in different ways" with the idea that "the only benchmark is profit for the upper management on the expense of its workers and the environment" without any substantive link between the two.

For one, you don't define the "different ways" a worker might think of to improve a company. Not only this, but you don't define what that improvement could possibly mean. It obviously has nothing to do with profit (because you said that the free western world is concerned only with profit, firms would obviously take ideas that increase profit), so it has to do with some external, immeasurable factor that *you* feel is important, and, since it's important to you, it should be important to everyone.

Finally, I don't know how you can possibly say, "Maybe Venezuela is becoming one of the best places to do business as long as the business takes care of and respects their workers." Why would this be "one of the best places to do business"? There are other countries that wouldn't nationalize in that situation. What is so great about doing business in Venezuela that it becomes "one of the best places to do business"?
Please explain how nationalization is a "civil right."
"The conglomerate paid for the company and ran it as a business to make money."

This is probably not true, the article says that the company had only been privatized for 10 years, it was previously owned by the state.

If you knew anything about the IMF backed privatization schemes Venezuela was put through under the pressure of debt, you wouldn't assume the country got fair value for the steel company.

Also, Venezuela isn't Zimbabwe, Venezuela has been redistributing unused land with great success and fortunately they haven't destroyed legitimate business in the process.

Foreign investment is overrvalued, especially if it is the sort of fire sale looting that came in the IMF years. What is driving Venezuelan growth is the oil price and socialised development of the country. They are building people homes, giving running water, electricity, education. 

And its working, A new paper from the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington D.C, since the bottom of that downturn in the first quarter of 2003, Venezuela's real GDP has grown by 76 percent.
 http://www.cepr.net/documents/publications/venezuela_2007_07.pdf

An educated, healthy, productive workforce is far more valuable to potential foreign investors than a slave labour sweatshop workforce, which is what the IMF 'free market' reforms have created all over the world.
The idea, accepted by most of the rest of humanity is the resources the company is exploiting are owned by the whole nation, if it needs them. 

Aside from physical resources, these resources include intellectual and labour resources like the products of the public funded educational system. Its also not limited to publicly funded roads and public utilities the company exploits.
Then change the constitution; nationalization has absolutely no place in this country without significantly amending our founding document.
Which parts of the constitution forbid nationalisation?
The problem with imperial capitalists is that they violate peoples natural strategic resources... If the company Ternium, had protected its workers and not outsourced and exploited them and not used the prime matter toresell it to the state at market value Chavez wouldnt have nationalizaced it. Ternium is an argentinian company friend of Kirchner governemt, but they didnt respect Venezuelan people. Venezuela has the rights to nationalizace it becouse its a strategic resource and under the constitution it can be done.Period. GET INFORMED PEOPLE!
Are all capitalists imperialists?  Give me a break.  Venezuela is on the map because of oil and gas, when it runs out, it'll need to find a way to make money that wasn't just sitting under them.  If Ternium had exploited it's workers then it means Venezuela did not have good enough worker's protection laws.  A company in the US who did this would get sued in court, handed a heavy fine, and be forced to figure out how to fix things.  Taking a company and nationalizing it is going to an extreme.  I never said it was ILLEGAL for the goverment to do it, I just said it was a stupid thing to do.  It's the simple rule of law and contracts that's setting a bad precedent.  If you go around nationalizing private companies without compensation or even with under-valued compensation, then you're not going to get much private investment in the future.  Look at China, the 40s-early 80s were a bad time in China where socialist and communist policies did jack-diddly for them.  Open the country up for investment and capitalism and boom, world powerhouse.
Sidor was public until 1992, when the neoliberal wave of privitizing came and ripped it of from venezuelans. Its an strategic natural resource company, it is much better under their control, i worked in that company in Caracas i know how they ruled it, and was awfull. Venezuela is much more than oil and gas, it has amazonia, incredible multicultural people, lots of other industries that becouse oligarchical easy way of life there just wanted the easy money with oil and gas and never promoted the other industries and agricultural and ganadery. Chavez revolution in changing this too, giving peole endogenic economic power.
Not all capitalist are imperialists.

Summary:
When do we get to nationalize.
Workers often have the best ideas of how to improve a company in different ways.
Taking a company and nationalizing it is going to an extreme.
Why would this be "one of the best places to do business"?
The conglomerate paid for the company and ran it as a business to make money.
"The conglomerate paid for the company and ran it as a business to make money."
We need to do the same with big oil here.
There are other countries that wouldn't nationalize in that situation.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
