Original Response:
[deleted]
Protesting in France?  Hardly news.
Look, I'm very positive on the French. My family way back was French. But let's face it, they're French. You know they recently removed all the cobblestone streets to prevent people prying stones from the roads themselves, to hurl at police. And weren't something like 300,000 cars torched during a few ongoing weeks of rioting over there a couple of years ago. Come on, it's France, this is one of their milder moments.
"However, the two main high school unions" - They have national high school unions? WTF?
i love it. imagine citizens standing up for eduation and social services en masse in America?

Nope. Can't do it.

But isn't it easy to imagine them complaining about the French for being involved? Then whining: "Dear World, why is our country going down?" "I blame Christians!" "I blame Bush." "I blame the French" "I blame illegal immigrants" "I blame ..[insert whomever]" "Gimme more food"
&gt; they recently removed all the cobblestone streets

We have been throwing stones at the police on a daily basis for the last 40 years so there were not many cobblestones left anyway.

&gt; prevent people prying stones from the roads themselves, to hurl at police

French supermarkets are selling stones to the children. They are supported by the NRA (Nihilists Revolutionary Anarchists), a bunch of crazy people that think that free ownership of deadly cobblestones is necessary to protect individual liberties.

&gt; weren't something like 300,000 cars torched

I think the exact number was 4 billion cars

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_civil_unrest_in_France
Le BAWWWWWWWWWWWWW!  We want the government to give us jobs!
Bush is a role-model for Sarkozy

Sarkozy is not as dumb yet but he is working hard to catch-up

http://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/07/world/europe/07cnd-france.html?ex=1336190400&amp;en=96f6c3c3179b6dd3&amp;ei=5088&amp;partner=rssnyt&amp;emc=rss
Into the streets May day.
&gt; citizens standing up for eduation and social services

More like teachers and government employees standing up for their jobs.

Not that they are wrong or selfish but the fact is that there are not many private sector employees in these demonstrations.
The problem isn't that they're taking from the rich to give to the poor, that's what happens in a Democracy.  The problem is that the poor also vote for ridiculous regulations which hut business.  Weak businesses can't pay as much in taxes, taxes needed to pay the salaries of middle class govt. workers.

They need to make sure the makework jobs aren't harming the real economy.
What's their level of unemployment?  I recall it being around 20%, but that was a while ago.

I just wonder how many people they have sitting around with nothing better to do.
its almost like what you said is some kind of point.

Standing up for education and social services is THE SAME THING as standing up for your jobs. it's standing up for things that effect you directly. teachers i meet generally aren't selfish individuals - they're believers in helping young people. it makes sense that they care so much. so this is about their jobs and the security of the next generation. right-wing dickheads don't care about the education and financial welfare of the majority.
They mostly serve as speaks persons when such demonstrations take place (their leaders are invited to meet with the Education Minister) but they don't have the same kind of power as the usual unions.

Each of these two main unions has about 6000 members.
The level of unemployment is around 10% when using the French calculation system.

Using the OECD system, is 2004, this level was 7.4% for France and 4.6% for the USA.
No, but it's refreshing to look at a country where the citizens still have more power than their leaders, and exercise it every now and again.

Here, well, keep working harder to fund the war boys.
Thanks, I'd thought it was better.. I used to travel to France quite a bit in the 90's, beautiful country and I love the people..  but I was always around Lyon and Grenoble..  Paris was a bit dicey even back then.
&gt;the fact is that there are not many private sector employees in these demonstrations.

And how the fsck would you know?  

You've been there taking statistically significant surveys?  Or are you one of those uninformed-assumptions-presented-as-fact folks?
[deleted]
Seriously ?

Do you really need statistically significant surveys ?

The SNCF/RATP (public transportation main employers) were not even on strike last Thursday.

The private sector will be more involved next week but last demonstration was organized by teachers and high schoolers.

You can look at it the way you want there could not have been more than 10% of private sector employees in last week demonstrations.
Like Norikazu says, you might want to refresh your memory on the riots in '05. You've had comparable, yet smaller scaled riots in the US, the aftermath of the Rodney King-case springs to mind.

Norikazu-&gt; irony, you haz it.
Indeed, as much as people are writing it off as nothing the quality of life in France is much much higher and they are willing to exercise their right to protest to keep it that way. They stick to their convictions which is more than can be said around here.
This is why American's will never be allowed to have national health insurance as the French do. American wage slaves cannot take action against a corrupt system. (What happens when workers strike? GM just canceled striking workers health insurance.)
Yes, I think it is inspirational that so many of the French protest, and protest in defense of education, even high school kids. 

I wish Americans were like the French in that way.
It's not quite like that: governments need no help to want to raise more taxes.  What's going on in France is that folks want social services in line with the huge amounts of taxes they pay.

&gt; They need to make sure the makework jobs aren't harming the real economy.

Politicians have claimed that France is going to go bankrupt real soon now for the last 30 years.  I'm no economist, but it seems to me that the debt per capita is fairly manageable and that there aren't many country with a proportion of the population in relative poverty bellow 10%.
Sarkozy is trying to turn France into the US, neocons and all. I still don't believe he won the election fairly.
It might have something to do with reading the first line of the article. 
&gt;Over one million public sector workers went on strike, and 300,000 demonstrated in the streets in all major cities and towns in France on Thursday.

4th word in. I know it's difficult to follow the actual links and read them and stuff.
In the minds of the citizen, there is a distinct difference to the "feel" of what it means to be french and what it means to be american.

I can imagine that being an american carries this "feeling" of standing together against the rest of the world (U.S. against U.K. etc.) and always being in war with everyone else who do not agree with you (see a simile with Israel?).

I can also imagine that the french, knowing their army sucks (read their military history), they are in war with their own government instead.
Sarkozy's policies are actually about congruent with, and maybe even to the left of Bill Clinton's. I've read his book testimony and if he were an American politician the guy would be a moderate Democrat.

He criticized America for not providing healthcare to its citizens, for going along blindly into the Iraq War, and for giving too much to corporations.

Sure, he's center-right in France's political spectrum, but in the US our political spectrum is predominately right-wing to begin with... so he'd probably be considered centrist or center-left here.
Teachers do tend to care about their well being on top of that of the students. It's still commendable that they are this organized and protesting in multiple locations. As much as people complain about the French, if there is one thing they do right it's sticking to their convictions and protesting to keep their quality of life high.
Why do you drag the state of France's army into the discussion? Perhaps the French don't think in terms of war, but are genuinely disappointed in their government, lousy army or not?
It's not that the American army is in such a great shape these days.
Stupid smelly freedom hating frogs. I WANT MY FREEDOM FRIES!!
Nah.  A million ps workers went on strike.  It does not describe the composition of the protest.  Strike and protest are different nouns, and describe different events in the above paragraph. 

Reading for content can be tricky... but if you keep trying, you may eventually get the hang of it.
&gt;Do you really need statistically significant surveys ?

If you're going to say "the fact is" then yes.  Facts need attribution.  This isn't the Bush administration; you can't just pull something out of your ass and pretend it's a fact. 

If you'd said: "In my opinion, the protest is most likely only..."  then you wouldn't need a source.
Sarkozy is a neocon.  The pro-Israel 100% of the time neocon.

You do the math.
Reality check about the French Army : http://www.exile.ru/articles/detail.php?ARTICLE_ID=7061&amp;IBLOCK_ID=35
&gt;And weren't something like 300,000 cars torched during a few ongoing weeks of rioting over there a couple of years ago.

Yes, true.

&gt;You know they recently removed all the cobblestone streets to prevent people prying stones from the roads themselves, to hurl at police.

Indeed.

&gt;But let's face it, they're French.

Er... well, depends on what you consider "French"; they might had a French passport, but you're talking about the magrebine immigrant communities, so that's hardly a "French" problem (as is, innate to the actual  French people).

This is to say that what you're talking about is orthogonal to the strikes and the general high participation of French workers in the struggle for their rights.
Do you think it's a bad thing, or did the 'wtf' just mean you were surprised?
This is where I comment;

But what about Napoleon? He conquered half of Europe and was at war with the other.

Then you say, he wasn't French.

And I reply - But his army was.

Then you say, only the last 100 years count, you make the rules.
looks like somebody has never met anyone in the french special forces. a pissant like you would shit your own pants in their prescence.
government benefits for people = socialism (boooooo)

government benefits for corporations = capitalism (yaaaay!)
FUCK SARKOZY
&gt; Paris was a bit dicey even back then

Paris is no dicier than any other major city, but it is far more beautiful.
[deleted]
[deleted]
War as a concept can be generalized and applied to a very broad range of phenomena.
Down modded for linking to the regurgitated puke that is the "World Socialist Web Site". Can't people link to a serious news source every now and then?
I am not playing games even when I am.
Interesting for you to choose an utterance like "pissant". Tells a whole lot of stuff about your current state of mind and attitude towards people and the limitations of communication in general. It also implies that you have ties to the french or might be french yourself, probably Parisian.
It's wonderful, isn't it.  USians wouldn't have the nuts for any of that, they're so afraid of retribution from its police state.  I may not like the socialist nature of the French state, but you can bet they are afraid of the French people and their love of freedom, liberty and equality.  You know, that's sorta where USA got the idea from.
Fuckin right.
A healthy government is one that is afraid of its citizens.

A fascist government is one where the citizens are afraid of their government.

Vive la France
So sad...
Well, a select few will, but the majority are either so overworked, fearful of or apathetic to the state.
Yep.. that sensation you're feeling?  It's the invisible hand of the market being shoved up your ass.
Protesting is a socialist thing? Reagan had you real hard. poor thing.
I'm going to have to use that phrase due to its awesomeness. Voted up.
It does show how things are relative, and how there, he can be labeled "Sarko the American"
They're too stupid to know what they are missing. That's the conservative/christian way. Intelligent people don't buy their failed rhetoric.
Get back to us and let us know if he was any good. Thanks.
It isn't any more healthy for a government to be afraid of its citizens. We had that kind of situation in the U.S. It was called the Whiskey Rebellion, and it forced us to realize that we needed a stronger government.
I am not one of his supporters and I did not vote for him but I would have a hard time supporting that he did not won the election fairly (as far as a political election can be).

He won with 53% of the votes. He was more than two millions votes ahead with a decent.

Of course (like any right-wing candidate), he had a strong support coming from older people, shopkeepers and farmers but that does not make his election less valid.

http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C3%89lection_pr%C3%A9sidentielle_fran%C3%A7aise_de_2007#Analyse_socioprofessionnelle
In protest of something stupid is not noble.

Government should cut out its excesses.  If you live there for a several months, you'd understand how lazy and inept government services have become and since they have a monopoly on particular services, there's no reason to improve.
A large reason for the the higher level of unemployment can be attributed to the large amount of government control.
Private sector workers won't take part in the protests if they are not on strike.

And private sector workers were not asked to go on strike, even in the most strike-prone ones (except for Goodyear where layoffs have been announced recently).
He wasn't. His wife on the other hand...
&gt; Sure, he's center-right in France's political spectrum

No, he's right period. Not extreme right, but certainly not "center right" unless by that you mean "smack right at the center of the french right".
&gt; Paris was a bit dicey even back then.

There's never been anything dicey about Paris itself. Some of the suburbs are debatable, but 99% of Paris is pretty much riskless.
A large reason for unemployment can be attributed to french witch don't whant to work for free.
Come again? The Whiskey Rebellion is an argument *against* strong government.
I would much rather be a slave to wages than a slave to government corruption.
&gt;What they need is an unfettered unregulated colossal military industrial complex!

Actually, that's exactly what happens when you have an unfettered, unregulated democratic government.
Pretty much.... center-right meaning in the center of the right wing... not "centrist right".
The riots where planned by governement to sell a lot of new car and start a new economy.

When you've french paper you are french, riots and particulary reasons of them is strictly a french problem.
Om nom nom nom nom
That's quite a false dichotomy you have there.
His mistresses were even better
He get an enormous support from media and industry. This wasn't fair.
How about a freedom kiss after a side of freedom toast and a freedom tickler!?
Alexander Hamilton was such a Tory bitch.
[deleted]
You have your wish fulfilled. You must be happy.
How is my wish fulfilled? We are all slaves to government corruption. I don't see how adding health care to the slate of government corruption will help.
[deleted]
Well, when you put it that way...
Care to provide a rationale for that? Please.
Was just about to post that link myself. But here's an orange arrow instead.
Uh, not really. The problem with France is that it has far too many public employees, and they're highly inefficient as a result. The cuts will make the public services sector more efficient in addition to weaning people off the government teat, allowing the economy to start growing again.
Exactly. These cuts will help the entire country, even if it means they have to rely less on their government to give them money. In fact, the majority of French people support the cuts (albeit not Sarkozy himself).
Protesting against reducing the level of socialist policy in the country (that is, reducing the amount of public employees)? Yeah, I'd say that's a socialist thing.
[deleted]
They may not be going bankrupt, but their economic growth has been severely restricted by their huge social programs and safety nets.
you just made this comments page worth it... ta.
You got that only partially right.

Government stealing from corporation to give to people = socialism.
Government stealing from people to give to corporations = fascism.
Government staying out of the economy altogether = capitalism.
In fact they have : a few years ago, student unions protested for weeks against a new type of work contract called CPE, which was allowing companies to fire the new recruits whenever they wanted during the first year, without an explanation. Government had to step back on it, president Chirac put an end to the CPE.

Power they have. Students strikes in France sometimes never end till students win, and they're very often supported by the workers unions.
I am from France. As far as I can tell if there are not huge demonstrations in America for many reasons, but I don't believe that apathy is the main one. In France, demonstrating is a "tradition"; some would say sometimes it's nefast because when there's a problem, people strike first and then discuss, nevertheless this is why the government always tries to act with care when it comes to reforms. Moreover, french unions are among the strongest in Europe, and they are very efficient at organising something big.

When it comes to the US, the lack of strong unions but also the logistical nightmare to organize a protest across the whole country are the major drawbacks.
"What they need is an unfettered unregulated colossal military industrial complex!"

How does that relate to deregulation?
That's more of an issue of money spent by the gov't on military bureaucracy.
And it's much more than that if you include young people who left France to find work elsewhere...
[deleted]
we can quit a corporation, cant quit the government teet once we are sucking on it.  ask any welfare queen.
&gt;Moreover, french unions are among the strongest in Europe, and they are very efficient at organising something big.

Wikipedia [says that French unions are among the weakest](https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Economy_of_france#Unions_and_strikes):

&gt;Membership in France's labour unions accounts for less than 10% of the private sector workforce (in 2003, 8.2% of the workforce[4]) and is concentrated in the education, manufacturing, transportation, and heavy industry sectors. Most unions are affiliated with one of the competing national federations, the largest and most powerful of which are the CGT, FO, and CFDT.
&gt;
&gt;French unions are fairly weak, and strikes are uncommon in most of the economy[5], [6]. Nonetheless, unions are powerful in some parts of the public sector, particularly public transportation (SNCF national railways, RATP Paris transit authority and air traffic control), where strikes have an instant effect on the general public and attract the attention of the national and foreign press.
&gt;government benefits for corporations = capitalism (yaaaay!)

No, that's corporatism.  Any kind of special privileges being handed out specifically breaks with what a capitalist economist would like to see.

&gt;government benefits for people = socialism (boooooo)

WordNet:

  socialism
       n 1: a political theory advocating state ownership of industry
       2: an economic system based on state ownership of capital [syn:
           {socialist economy}] [ant: {capitalism}]
To be fair, the French have a history of rising up almost out of nowhere and causing a great deal of chaos for their governments. 

The US on the other hand, typically has citizens more willing to work with the system in order to bring about change - slowly.
Nowhere near the same.

In truth, if one were to be standing up for education and social services one would act on it on a continuous basis - as that is typically how social activists work.

Standing up for your jobs and you benefits are completely different. 

This is extremely obvious in states like Pennsylvania, where teachers are willing to strike for one-four months during the school year until their demands are met - all the while, they're directly harming the very system they are supposed to support. 

Additionally, France has far too many public employees and they are extremely inefficient.
Even if you are being an ignorant dick, I hate to agree that you're technically right. 

Quit being  a prick on reddit and go google the information -because it's in the first five results. 

Citations are essentially a personal problem anywhere outside of academia and journalism.
&gt; Moreover, french unions are among the strongest in Europe

citation needed :) Seriously, French unions are weak, because they only represent &lt;5% of workers. Therefore, their power relies on a small fraction of very virulent members, rather than on most of the workforce.

Moreover, they're completely non-representative of the national workforce: a significant part of unions are communist or post-communist, whereas these political view are only held by a tiny, marginal part of the workers.

In Germany for instance, where most people are unionized, they're much more representative, and powerful. Representative enough to have reasonable revendications, and powerful enough to often not need to go all the way to a strike to reach an acceptable compromise.

Two candidates at the last presidential election where advocating mandatory union affiliation, I regret that Sarkozy wasn't one of them.
&gt; Pretty much.... center-right meaning in the center of the right wing... not "centrist right".

Ok, because that's absolutely not what the "direct" french translation (centre-droit) means (it means center slightly leaning to the right), which is why I got confused.
I'm doubtfull if you can evaluate union-strenght solely by the degree of unionisation.

Belgium for instance has one of the highest degrees of unionisation, but also a very "co-opted" social dialog. A number of unions are defacto "recognised" as social partners and have a seat in a host of negotiation- and governmental structures.

That perhaps makes them less "militant" (fear of losing priviliged positions), and in the long run less effective in achieving their goals then one would expect, based on the degree of unionisation...
Why in the fuck was this voted up?

Some of your examples I can agree with, but what's with the 9/11 Loose Change nonsense? When did this train of thought become mainstream on Reddit?
[deleted]
How could we get French union leaders to help organize American labor or even better.. global labor?
I wonder if you can get Fire insurance for your cars in France.
To be fair, I wasn't arguing from the point of view of an expert, but from the perceived situation. When I say that french unions are the strongest in Europe, it's not because of their limited representativity, but because of the fact that when they organize something, it usually gets done. Many people not affiliated with the unions will follow the protest as well.
non-representative unions certainly have a more visible way to fight for workers' rights, but not necessarily so. Only resorting to frontal confrontation as a last resort, and usually working on a constructive, negotiated and mutually understanding way usually gets you a longer way.

For instance, would you bet that an insecure,  bitchy, permanently nagging, always aggressive woman would build a sweeter marital life for herself than she would by being great spouse as often as possible?

If you handle so-opted social dialog (or any other kind of negotiation) correctly, you create an incentive for your partners to act accordingly, in the long run, and you seldom have to escalate to open conflict.

Now I don't know the social situation in Belgium and maybe workers' unions really are the bosses' bitches, but their moderate use of strikes looks more like a strength than a weakness. For almost the same reason that tiny mongrels bark and show off much more than big, fearsome dogs.

Summary:
I wish Americans were like the French in that way.
Government stealing from corporation to give to people = socialism.
Protesting is a socialist thing?
We want the government to give us jobs!
Many people not affiliated with the unions will follow the protest as well.
Then you say, he wasn't French.
A healthy government is one that is afraid of its citizens.
(What happens when workers strike?
In fact, the majority of French people support the cuts (albeit not Sarkozy himself).
It isn't any more healthy for a government to be afraid of its citizens.
In Germany for instance, where most people are unionized, they're much more representative, and powerful.
Om nom nom nom nom.
It's not quite like that: governments need no help to want to raise more taxes.
Private sector workers won't take part in the protests if they are not on strike.
I can also imagine that the french, knowing their army sucks (read their military history), they are in war with their own government instead.
&gt; Paris was a bit dicey even back then.
But let's face it, they're French.
You can look at it the way you want there could not have been more than 10% of private sector employees in last week demonstrations.
I wonder if you can get Fire insurance for your cars in France.
&gt;the fact is that there are not many private sector employees in these demonstrations.
If you're going to say "the fact is" then yes.
We are all slaves to government corruption.
Look, I'm very positive on the French.
Government stealing from people to give to corporations = fascism.
I still don't believe he won the election fairly.
"However, the two main high school unions" - They have national high school unions?
government benefits for people = socialism (boooooo)

government benefits for corporations = capitalism (yaaaay!)
The problem with France is that it has far too many public employees, and they're highly inefficient as a result.
This is why American's will never be allowed to have national health insurance as the French do.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.21
