Original Response:
[deleted]
wait, im not sure if i understand or maybe im just in a state of denial.

the Canadian's were ethnically cleansing their country of Indians?
[deleted]
The title confused me for a second, in Canada we say Native American.
[deleted]
If this was announced on April 10th, why is this the first I've heard of it?
[deleted]
They aren't even called Indians. The whole story is bullshit. 

Canada has a huge indian population(from India) which is one of the reasons they are called native americans.
Er, here in Canada we don't call natives "Indians".  Indians are from India.  We refer to natives as "First Nations" or "Natives".
I've been bitching about that too.  Apparantly Americans here think that natives in America like being called Indians too.  They've even referenced the Indian Act as their justification for calling native peoples "Indian".  It annoys me too - Indians are from India.
No, in Canada we say natives or First Nations.  Generally a Native American is from America...
America is also a continent.
Here's an article that's written better:

http://atlanticfreepress.com/content/view/3719/81/
[deleted]
Well I spent a good 4 months studying the indigenous people of Canada in school and the textbooks used all of the above.
[deleted]
No, that is incorrect.  Many First Nations people refer to themselves as Indians.  It is not inappropriate to refer to them as Indians.  I have no problem being referred to as being Indian.  This is political correctness bullshit, being called an Indian is not generally seen derogatory.  Hell, it was a white man mistake, so many people think it is hilarious.
This whole story is untrue. The internetz histaria at work.

Over. Dumb. Move along sheep...
Here's another:

http://atlanticfreepress.com/content/view/3719/81/

Residential schools started being shut down in the mid 1900's.  They were a project to "integrate" the natives.  Strip these children from their families and put them in these religious schools.  Many children were abused, lots were sexually abused, and some were even killed.  It's really tragic.

Let's not kid ourselves, justice isn't for the poor and the marginalized.
The one date mentioned in the article is 1953.
Here's a [story](http://cnews.canoe.ca/CNEWS/Crime/2008/04/11/5256746-sun.html) about this from the Edmonton Sun.
I think it's more about calling Indian people Indian than anything else.  You aren't from India - you're from Canada really...

It's not political correctness - the term Indian has become ambiguous because some idiot thought he hit India...
[deleted]
I understand that, but Indians are from India.  I think Indian people are the ones who have a problem with natives being called Indian.

It's very ambiguous.
I don't believe this story for three reasons:

1. "Indians" -- nobody in Canada calls First Nations peoples this;
2. Email "genocidetribunal@yahoo.ca" for more information.... a yahoo address?  Credibility in question.
3. I can find no mention of this in Canadian newspapers.  Either its a big conspiracy on the part of the media or this story doesn't have merit.
Oh... Native Canadians... wow I'm such a moron.  Until I read some of these comments I really had no idea there were even "natives" in Canada beforehand. I just got used to the idea of Native "Americans" and for some reason never thought of those who were a bit further up north. But of course there would have been tribes up there too. I'm embarrassed. When I read this I was thinking Indians as in from India and was like "WTF??? Indians... killed by Canadians!?! My sanity was being threatened. But native americans(or canadians) killed by euro colonialists back in the day... now that fits fine into my understanding of history. I bet Canada will handle this better than we did though.
[deleted]
I am of Indian ancestry.  I feel sick to my stomach.  Everything I was taught about residential schools was extremely awful, but I never thought something like this would have happened.  I know children were killed, raped, and beaten, but fucking executed?  I don't know what to think, this is the most disturbing news that I have heard in a long time.  I rarely read anything on reddit that affects me so personally, I am disbelief.
It's called Genocide.
Yeah this is pretty fucked up.  I work with a guy who's dad was in one of these schools so I decided to look it up one day.

This entire thing brings shame upon all Canadians.  Our government decided to award guardian status of native youth to the fucking churches who proceeded to rape and murder them en masse and then bury them in mass graves.
Yay for christian goodwill! 
/puke
There isn't much confusion in most of Canada what Indian refers to, usually when there is confusion it is clarified.  The word 'Indian' is also used to legally refer to First Nations people.
[deleted]
Well, the Residential School system was more about assimilation then genocide. They removed the children from their culture/community, force a new religion and language on on them.

I had not heard about mass genocide, and there are few media outlets who mention this story. I found a [Vancouver Sun article](http://www.canada.com/vancouversun/news/editorial/story.html?id=2cc2f11c-e2cc-496a-9884-bdba9e4218cf) though.

Most of the deaths in residential school were due to illness and hygiene issues. My Grandmother was in a residential school and told me how when a new girl came into the school that their hair would be dosed in kerosene to kill lice. There is no denying that a lot of physical and sexual abuse did happen.

If I recall, in my Grandmother's case she escaped in Grade 3 which I think would be around the age of 10 (though I'd have to check). She never received any more education after that, but the impact was great. She speaks little Ojibwa, is unfamiliar with a lot of native customs, and is a member of the Catholic Church.
[deleted]
This story is just ridiculous. Narcosphere.com? genocidetribunal@yahoo.ca? please give me a break I love how all of the people on this site jump to attack the catholic church and downmod anyone here who questions the integrity of this article. Since when can baseless crap like this make the front page?
Assimilation? yes Genocide? ....please did you see any evidence in that article?
Maybe it is just where I come from then, the population of South-Asians in Thunder Bay, Ontario is very sparse.  There is generally no confusion, or offense.
Church and raping children just gos hand in hand.
There is a connection you have to be a nut to believe all that religious crap and a nut to rape children that is the connection.
I see your Indian, and raise you this:

http://www.temple.edu/humanities/india/images/swami_000.jpg
Apparently people here don't like being corrected.
Posted one hour ago.

50 downvotes and counting.

WTF is going on?!?
The problem is the date. The first mentioned (the dead of the inuit boy) is *19*53. Not 1553, 1653, 1753 or 1853. fucking 20th century. After the Jewish *Holocaust*. Perhaps the perpetrators are still alive. Does Canada have the death penalty?
Indians are from India ! Native North Americans please.
The dividing line between North and South America is generally considered to the Panama Canal.  It gets a little confusing when discussing Caribbean Islands.  Most of them would be part of the North American plates, but a few are part of South America.  

Central America isn't really a continent.  It's more of a geopolitical term.  Sometimes it includes Mexico, sometimes it doesn't.  Latin America is normally taken to mean Mexico and all of Central and South America.  However, that too is a geopolitical term, and some people use these terms to mean slightly different things.  

I've even heard some people use a newer term of Hispanic America -- normally by people who want to discuss just Spanish speaking parts of the Americas (excluding Brazil and French Guiana).   And then there was the one idiot who gave a talk once who included Quebec when he used the term Latin America.
I am also from Thunder Bay, and I'd agree with you that use of the term Indian is not considered inappropriate. Though "native" is equally as common as I'm sure you are aware (more for the other redditors).

Edit: In TBay it is my experience that people from India are "East Indians" to destinguish them from Natives where in Southern Ontario they are just Indians)
Yeah, next thing you know they will find out that people were scalping people.
Well, they did mention graves of children.
It just doesn't seem too reputable.
Uh, yes.
Capital punishment was stopped in Canada in the 1960s.  But they could go to prison forever.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Let's make it clear, here, the Canadian gov't back then was trying to assimilate the natives into their culture. They handed them over to the various Church groups, and they are the ones directly responsible for this. It was a bad idea and I'm not saying the Canadian gov't isn't responsible... but thanks again religion.
No doubt these children were treated poorly, and the graves should be investigated. But a little perspective is good too. Here is one of the sites:

"Brantford : Mohawk Institute, Anglican church (1850-1969), building intact. Series of graves in orchard behind school building, under rows of trees."

So what was the rate of death for any school with children say during the years 1850 to 1910?  How many children were in the  school?  Say their were 150 children? What would be a typical rate of death at that time period. .5% gets you a lot of children buried in a MASS grave over 60 years. 

I don't know the answers to these questions, but a good article would address them and let us get a feel for how unusual the rate of death might have been in these Canadian schools.

I voted the article up simply because I have not heard of this concern before. But really,  the article is poorly written.
Interesting to see the Canadian web kiddies freak out in denial. Now someone has the ammunition to treat them like they often treat other's on the intermanets.
Not really:

http://www.ainc-inac.gc.ca/
I'm not going to defend the war rituals of my ancestors, but I wanting to keep a souvenir of the men killed is not unique to the Native American Indian.
I think it definitely will be seen as genocide according to the international [legal definition](http://www.preventgenocide.org/genocide/officialtext.htm) of the term.
The Canadian government is as every bit as responsible for this as the churches are.
[deleted]
You keep bringing up rational points.  That's not going to make you any friends on this issue.

I've had dealings with the Canadian Native political infrastructure.  The hysterical wording of this article is pretty much in keeping with the way things go there.

The residential schools were a terrible thing, but this kind of hyperbole has a lot more to do with keeping the federal free money gravy train rolling than anything else.
I would scalp the shit out of anyone who came to my land, and raped/murdered my people.
Unfortunately, a problematic solution.  The term "Indian" is heavily bound up in Canadian law.  If one is a *Status Indian* found on the *Indian Register* in keeping with the *Indian Act* and lives on an *Indian Reserve* so named, one is surely a native North American and a member of a first nations people.  But for all legal purposes, one is an Indian.
please say native american, not indian. when you say 'indian' many people think of india, the asian country where curry is used a lot.
[deleted]
no its just called catholicism. this is the same shit that the catholic church has been responsible for again and again and again and again and again and again and again throughout history. crusades, inquisition, native american rape schools. those are just a few of the many.
Stating that something happened is not the same as demonstrating that it happened.

I wouldn't put it past some of the sick freaks who ran the schools.  There were some awful people involved.

On the other hand the implication that it was a large-scale practice is just meaningless without actual evidence.
This story is a crock of shit. If it where true it would have been in the main stream media by now. Just because its on the internet does not make it so.
Why didn't India do anything about it?
Holy 

Motherfucking

Shit.
"America" almost always refers to the USA. "The Americas" refers to the two continents.
No, because he has the inherent right to self defense of his liberty, and anyone who is going to try and take his freedom away from him is going to die.  If it doesn't stop, one is going to be made an example of.  Turning the other cheek is not going to prevent things from happening in the future, and punishing someone who has done something wrong is universal.
"Indian" has been out of favor for years in Canada, especially given we have a large number of immigrants from actual India.

The federal department hasn't changed its name as it's traditional.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aboriginal_peoples_in_Canada
Religious leaders, priests, nuns, Government from the top down including the Native agents (scumbags of the day) and the general public in the communities. All of these people viewed native people as a nuisance, given a lower status than that of a dog, treated with a high degree of hate and disrespect. The shame of cleansing however falls squarely on the shoulders of the church and government. The government, what ever your opinion may be on the nations behalf has paid billions in transfer payments to native bands, provides free health care, education, interest free loans, tax free status on native land. What restitution has the church given? People in the name of religion killed these children, helped remove them from their homes and family, forced them to commit ungodly acts to satisfy their perverse desires for sex, transformation and social integration. These people did nothing that any God would have deemed the right thing to do. When does the church have to pay? Why do Canadian taxpayers continue to pay for more that we are responsible for?

Today however many native leaders are greedy, and selfish, with an uncaring attitude towards their own people. On many reserves groups of people horde monies that belong to all that live on reserve. Drug and alcohol has eroded what little is left of the Great Native culture that numbered in the 10's of millions, before Europeans ran into North America, raped the resources and killed almost all that lived here, in their arrogant superior wisdom that Bush still demonstrates today.

It is sad to know that bigotry and racism still exists between Canadian whites and natives, not as apparent as it was 20+ years ago, but perhaps we hide it better than the Americans do.
that was a horribly worded article title/post.  took me several tries to figure out what it was saying.
&gt;I am of Indian ancestry. I feel sick to my stomach. 

I do too. And I'm of german/irish descent.

I don't understand why the English and French settlers hated Indians so much....
&gt;that it was a large-scale practice is just meaningless without actual evidence.

28 graves found. That would show approval from at least a good portion of a province
It might have something to do with actually being from, you know, **India**.
This is shameful to all Canadians.  In our mainstream news show the thousands of people protesting and complaining about the situation in Tibet.  
Yet, not one single major news outlet in this country discusses the atrocities and injustices that is happening to First Nations people in this country on a daily basis.  They are Canadians and this is our human rights issue.  First Nations people across the country lack clean water, access to health care, legal representation and education.  I hope this opens peoples eyes to the situation going on in Canada.
I for one find it embarrassing that a 21st Century Country has something called an 'Indian Act'.
1. Wrong, while calling them "Indians" is not PC, the term is still in use, even by aboriginals themselves.

2. Fair enough, but that alone is not a reason to not trust the story.

3. The MSM in Canada ignores the aboriginal people all the time. They only get coverage when they block a road or the federal government decides to set up a commission. 

Residential schools are well-documented and one of Canada's dirty little secrets, even if this particular incident isn't legit there are plenty of others.
Unfortunately, it had much to do with religion, and the fact that the Indians were preventing their activities.  In the colonial vision of the Europeans, the Indians were a menace.  In the vision of the Indians, the white Europeans were usurpative devils.
just because MSM, in our case the CBC, doesn't mean it did not happen.  In the past, insane CIA assets performed torturous behaviour experiments on Canadians locked away in asylums on Canadian soil... blind eye from the leadership then too.
Aboriginal Canadians aren't Native Americans.
I'd agree with the first two points but

&gt;I can find no mention of this in Canadian newspapers. Either its a big conspiracy on the part of the media or this story doesn't have merit.

A newspaper wouldn't want to bring something like this up. It's too truthful and newspapers don't do this these days. That'd be like Fox with some true news coverage.
They missed one.
How did you manage to work the U.S. and bush into this?  This is Canada's issue.  It is in fact a totally different country.  Also, people in the U.S. aren't racist towards natives.  We love them.  Almost as much as we love gambling.
its much the same how american soldiers treat iraqis today. the americans are there to take resources, namely oil. but the iraqi civilians get in the way. so no mercy is shown and the iraqis are imprisoned and tortured and executed. its a common theme associated with imperialism.
Brilliant logic along with excellent writing. Who the hell upvoted this?
The mass graves are evidence that something terrible happened.  The stories of the people who attended these schools provide in great detail the horrors that they had to experience.  These mass graves provide strong support for the kind of things they described.

I think it is incredibly important that there are calls for Indians to protect those grave sites with their life and not to let any government agent near.
bingo.  lot of good ole molesting priests involved in this.
if the govt is responsible then every canadian is responsible since canada is a democracy and the government is selected by the people of the country.

what youre saying is that every american citizen is responsible for the murders of iraqis carried out by mercs hired by the us military. its the same situation really. the american citizens we choose our government. our government hires contractors to perform a certain task. the contractors cause great harm to innocents.
I knew Canada was too good to be true...
Waht the Canadian government wanted done, and what the church did are two things entirely.
fuck you. were talking about native americans not curry indians from india.
Did you read the article dumbass?
Perhaps "native population" should be used instead of "Indian" to eliminate confusion.
That part about the rapes and children being killed in electric chairs, that sound like a typical death for that era to you?
[deleted]
whys that? its what the law was called many decades ago when it was first created. see in law we cant just go changing the name of important acts to make them more politically correct. they reflect the time period during which the legislation was passed.
You are freakin delusional if you think this is just a Canadian issue. The issues in Canada are identical the US, just worse. Bush acts with the same arrogance Europeans had when they pushed their way into North America. As for racism, Natives in the US to this day are treated like shit by the US governments. Many communities surrounding reserves still see and treat Natives with disdain. They treat Mexicans even worse in border towns. Really nice fence they have. I do not intend on stereotyping all people that live these towns, but it is those that commit despicable acts in the name of patriotism, religion and integration, that I referring to, including the US government. What is really sad is the fact that you found a way to ad humor in this subject. This act is just plain sad.
The fact of the graves gives people a starting point if they want to prove that these things happened.  

They are not evidence in themselves - reality is that even kids die at some rate, and places which were (wrongly, but even so) regarded as basically orphanages would have had cemetaries.  

Calling them "mass" graves is an exercise in spin at this point.
Bingo.  Same shit as every other time priests and nuns get alone with children.
French and Portuguese are also Latin languages.
[deleted]
Thanks, Columbus, for confusing everyone forever.
the problem is that there are hundreds of thousands of more tibetans and chinese in canada than there are native americans. thats because of canadas really lax immigration policies where theyll let almost anyone in. so of course theres going to be more coverage of the tibet/china crap because there are so many more tibetans and chinese in canada than native americans.
Yes, it is awful that these kinds of things happened. But what exactly defines a "mass" grave? 
By suddenley proclaiming 15 April an "Annual Aboriginal Holocaust Memorial" day it sounds like facts are being skewed to represent these hardships to be compared to atrocities suffered by the Jews. A "mass" grave of 15 is a lot different than 70,000.
Destroying the culture was pretty much the intent of the boarding schools. They took the kids away from their parents in order to raise them as white people of a different color. It was done in the US too. 

It doesn't take much from the decision to kill a culture to the decision to kill the people.
No, we aren't as concerned with labels.  Indian is a misnomer, but not a prejorative.
Jesus.  This is horrible . . .
Maybe he read [this reddit article](http://reddit.com/info/6gf7n/comments/) and thought he'd follow suit?
what the fuck are you talking about? 'america' includes north america, central america and south america. mayans are native americans as are the inca as are the cherokee as are the inuit.
That doesn't absolve the Canadian government from responsibility.  It was known by the government was happening, and they did little to stop it.  They also chose who would run these schools.  The Canadian government had a fiduciary duty to protect these children, but failed miserably.
Why were they killed ?

Why am I not surprised at the role played by churches ?
Right, because the Catholic Church has never before done anything like this.  Because European-American governments have never before engaged in genocide.  Because European-American governments have never before supported death squads that targeted native Americans.  Because European-Americans can never today be heard to  utter genocidal remarks such as "turning the Middle East to glass".  Right, it's completely unbelievable.
lol no. a life sentence in canada is 25 years.
[deleted]
right, but we use indian too.  It's not offensive, at least to the people I know.

Native is used as a sort of official way.  Indian is more informal.

If we were talking about reserve business its native, if we were talking about a friend its indian.
Judging by all the downvotes, looks like not many people have a sense of humor in this site.

Next time, use a smiley, for the humor impaired.
not if there were eye witnesses, which there were as cited in the article (i helped them bury . . .)

The "mass grave" part is not spin 


The "literal" among us can wait until there's a "finding of fact" by a court.  No harm in waiting . . . those kids will still be dead.
This is horrible but you can't blame the entire country of Canada for this. Do you think I as a Canadian knew about this and didn't say anything?  

 If it's not investigated or covered up by the government then you can shout and scream that Canada did nothing.
Maybe the descendent of the population who were around back then, but most of us Canadians didn't get here until during/after WWII.
They sucked up land . . . other folks wanted to own . . . and that's always a bad thing.


There's similar crap going on somewhere else as we speak . . . people being "liberated" from that which they own by "helpful people".
Ok, but cultural genocide at the very least. I don't think that you can argue that stealing a people's children and trying to turn them white is somehow less cruel and barbaric than simply killing everybody outright. We basically tried to erase their culture and when they wouldn't integrate to our liking, we threw them into ghettos.
No.
Yeah it is, but the americans have completly co-opted the american bit.  


So, canadaian natives don't use native american, cause well they aren't theire native canadians.
every canadian then might have been responsible . . . and yeah every US citizen that can vote is responsible for what the government does . . . because we are a government "OF THE PEOPLE"


Or we are a people living under occupation . . . dpendending on if voting still works which the last few hacked elections demonstrate it probably doesn't.
Canadians don't like to be reminded of how hypocritical about human rights we are.
Why do some people always play DICTIONARY ? 

Is it some kind of fucked up defense mechanism?

"Well, they didn't kill ALL the Jews, so it wasn't Genocide".  Well Shit, they killed enough and destroyed the lives of millions more.

These folks stole and murdered many of these  kids, raped the rest out of their culture and took away their land.

I'm sorry that is not GENOCIDE enough for you.
No, it doesn't absolve anything.  But, well, the catholic church used to have much more power than it does now.  they could do pretty well as they pleased.
yet another instance of canada wanting to be like america.
Please explain.
This is true.  Its the same thinking, the same incredible disinterest in human rights, the same desire to steal stuff.
http://www.essortment.com/all/historyscalpin_rdrp.htm

Most indigenous peoples who scalped adopted the practice from the settlers, not vice versa. The practice in Europe of scalping enemies goes back hundreds of years before Colombus. In the US colonies, European settlers were paid a bounty for the scalp of each indigenous person they killed. It's not surprising that eventually the practice was turned around on them.
So get up off your butt and write a better one :)


You know, you too can write an article. You too can invest years of your life and endure the nightmare required to get the facts and publish them so someone ELSE sitting on THEIR FAT BEHIND can say "a little perspective is good too . . . we don't know all the answers".

I'm really sick of people who have done no research calling into question the research others have done. Its lazy.
&gt; [Canada] is a democracy 

 Not quite. It's a combination of a Constitutional monarchy and a parliamentary democracy. Because of that were are not a Republic like the US is.
[deleted]
Stealing people's children is a terrible thing, but to claim it is no worse than genocide belittles genocide.
People like you make the rest of us insane . . .
Or even better would be the actual name of the people in this case the Squamish Nation.
And you've written better article titles and so you are in a great position to judge the quality of this one.


Since you can write good titles, go post this story on DIGG or somewhere with your title.  Maybe it will propagate.
I'm sorry, but anybody who refuses to label what appears to be a cemetery a "mass grave" is obviously a racist.
Narconews, huh?  Yeah, right... Check out their other stories... Picked up BY PRECISELY ZERO other news outlets.  Someone needs to lay off the blow.
The late Marlon Brando tried for years to get a film made about the fighting between the US and native people and how the US tried to eliminate them all.
Dirty little secrets to who?  I think every Canadian knows about residential schools, we're taught about them in elementary school.  They're in the media all the time.
No . . . Jesus . . . 

Its not.  For one thing the graves are larger than you are specifying, and for another I don't think we have to kill six million Indians in order to make it a holocaust.
Here's a [link](http://canadiangenocide.nativeweb.org/photoelectricchair.html) from nativeweb.org.  It's a scan of a clipping from the *Globe and Mail*, mostly discussing the use of the electric chair to "entertain visiting dignitaries."
But how did the kid he buried die? Could just be a "Potter's Field" for the poor. In which case, unmarked graves are not all that uncommon.

They need to hire forensic archaeologists, and remain impartial until all the data is in.
You have some pretty lame posts . . .
wasn't judging the quality of the article, just the title.  'Mass graves of Indian children revealed in Canadian schools' would have been a much more readable and grammatically correct title.
Perceived intent is unquantifiable and therefore irrelevant. Ultimately it is only outcomes that matter.
And in densely packed schools with poor hygiene, infectious disease outbreaks could run rampant. Also, the question is how many bodies are buried there over the time the school was open. 1 child / year? 100/year? How did the children die.

I have no doubt that some schools were horrible, and some were benign, and most had a 'Potter's Field' to bury those that died.
Yah, cuz the native americans love mother earth, and never raped and pillaged and murdered each other either! &lt;/sarcasm&gt;
It's partially due to the corrupt way in which reserves are run.  I watched some documentary which detailed the way in which the elders are elected and that their voting system is corrupt.  Since the elders are given all of the community's government money, they use the government money to buy votes, instead of hiring people to run the water treatment plant.
"publish them so someone ELSE sitting on THEIR FAT BEHIND can say "a little perspective is good too"

  Isn't that basically how peer-review works?
Yeah... I read the headline and thought: "Why on Earth are there schools for Indians in Canada?"
Exactly. They reflect an racist time period and an ignorant point of view. And yes, we can change laws as we move forward. I don't see why we need to perpetuate the type of paternalistic racism that is 'enshrined' in that stupid act.
[deleted]
The truth is out there, man.
Bullshit, the government had a responsibility to monitor the situation that they had put these children into. There had to be warning signs. You can't cover something up that widespread and long-term without either gross negligence or complicity on behalf of the only ones who were in a position to monitor these schools.
Please.  In Canada we still have media with balls.  Case in point, yesterday's GlobeandMail lead story:

"judge details near-feudal conditions endured by immigrant workers harvesting produce"

This happened / happens in BC right now.
Canada, you just lost some serious cool points.
It is 100% true that Native peoples and first nations were treated horribly by Europeans, then Colonials, then Canadians.  There is zero doubt.  Residential schools were places of horrific abuse.  I guess I should have been more clear:

I don't believe the credibility of the source and I want to read a non biased account of this 'genocide'.  And really, what new information are they bringing at this point?  We know about the abuse -- what does this add?
[deleted]
By law, you also learn about it in highschool in grade's 9 and 10 explicitly, in other grades depending on the teacher.
Perhaps we are sane and you aren't?  Perspective is everything.
I am not of Indian ancestry in any substantial way, but I am Canadian and I feel awful the more I learn about this too.
What the fuck is wrong with people?!
Well you got that Catholic church priest molesting (apparently we don't call it rape) and that Mormon church child marriage issue going on right now..  certainly it doesn't happen in every church at all times, but there seems to be a connection of speaking for god and abuse of power.
It's not really the type of article where you attempt to crack a joke buddy.
The practice of scalping was practiced both by Native Americans and Europeans.

From Wikipedia:

"It is believed that contact with Europeans widened the practice of scalping among Native Americans, since some Euro-American governments encouraged the practice among their Native American allies by offering bounties for scalps during times of war.

Examples of the payment for scalps are those issued by the government of Massachusetts in 1744 for the scalps of Indian men, women, and children; Governor Edward Cornwallis' proclamation of 1749 to settlers of Halifax of payment for Indian scalps; and French colonists in 1749 offering payments to Indians for the scalps of British soldiers.

In April of 1780 during the American Revolutionary War, the rebel governor of Pennsylvania offered $1,000 for each Indian scalp."
are you really a canadian then? i wouldnt think so.
your queen doesnt have a say in your internal affairs. the governor general doesnt do a whole fucking lot, either, besides wasting your taxpayer dollars on her large house and lavish trips abroad. the parliament (the parliamentary democracy you refer to) is the goverment for all intents and purposes.
That's some disgusting rationalization right there, you might want to get that checked. What they did to each other has no bearing on the justness or acceptability of what Europeans did to them.
I grew up in Mission near the mass grave. I remember when i was a child my friends told me never to go in that ravine because it was an Indian burial ground. They said they found body parts in the dirt, but i never really believed them. I thought they were just trying to scare me. This was roughly 20 years ago and it makes me sick to my stomach knowing now that the rumors were true.
But the Cannuk's are so... polite?
Well yes, and for the Catholic church the whole celibacy thing isn't helping.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Native_American_name_controversy#Native_American

"America" in general, as it does in your username, refers to the USA. 

Inuit are usually considered distinct from other aboriginals, as their arrival in North America only preceded the Europeans by 1000 years.
sensational un-sourced articles on Reddit?  Read by people who only want to hear what reaffirms their world view?  What a surprise.
wrong.
I'd take my queen over your Bush.  Would you like me to compare and contrast?
&gt; Isn't that basically how peer-review works?

Your peers are supposed to possess comparable depth in a given field in order to review results under such a system.

I don't consider J. Random cDesign Proponentist to be the sort of peer that ought to be reviewing methodological work on population stratification; likewise, J. Random Internet Superhero is not necessarily a 'peer' to a member of the Squamish Nation investigating where unaccounted members of his family ended up.
&gt; I want to read a non biased account of this 'genocide'.

Objectivity excludes exhaustiveness in most journalism.  I suspect you will have to assemble the evidence yourself in order to construct a picture free of the bias from one side or another; both sides have vested interests in preventing objective treatments from taking center stage.  (Are there many situations where this is *not* the case?)

Just something to consider.  Before working in DC, I thought of objectivity as the highest duty of journalism.  Afterwards, I realized that thoroughness and references to primary sources were vastly more valuable.
What the hell are you talking about? I'm Canadian and was never taught about residential schools in any history class, in any grade. Then again, I went through Catholic school...
[deleted]
Um, the LA Times runs stories like the above *all the fucking time*.  Of course, it may just be the case that we have more immigrants living in godawful conditions around thse parts.

Not all US journalism is Faux Noise, thank you very much.  Every outlet has their slant, but there are still plenty of people who got into the journalism racket after Watergate and are keeping the dream alive.
Anyone has any other source of information about this matter?
The term genocide is being thrown around so loosely here it's kind of disgusting. I'm not so sure that anything in this article suggests it was deliberate, or en masse. Also as redjuice has mentioned, this article lacks credibility. Vreep-eep said media ignores the aboriginal people, but this is a pretty big deal. If this were true, some reliable media outlet somewhere would be covering this. It's just too horrible not to.
"First Nations people across the country lack clean water, access to health care, legal representation and education. "

 Meanwhile their "leadership" is jetting around on taxpayer money and living the high life.  I've seen people from communities which have virtually nothing dinging the federal funds for all-expense paid trips to Europe, treating laptops like disposable lighters, putting their incompetent relatives into cushy well-paid jobs, and generally acting more like third world aristocrats than responsible members of their societies.

No amount of federal money will fix that.
[deleted]
You clearly don't know much about Canadian immigration law.

Having read through your past comments though this doesn't surprise me as you clearly don't know much about anything.
Never underestimate the depravity of religion.  
I don't doubt for a second that the government wasn't involved, but their part was pretty much just to turn a blind eye - it was the church that actually did the deeds.  We all know the depths that organized religion will stoop to to preserve it's own existence..
They're Indians when you think you're in India. Or do you prefer Aboriginal?
You mean approval from a good portion of the local community - odds are the rest of the province itself never even knew the school existed, much less where it was.  I think this whole thing was horrible, but you have to be realistic here..  Every time something bad happened at the school, it would never have been reported (the church wouldn't have allowed it)- unless you lived in the town or knew someone who lived there, you would never have known about it.
BUSH HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH HOW NATIVES WERE TREATED!!!!  He wasn't even alive when this was an issue.  You can not possibly blame bush for how Natives were treated in the early 1900s and I'm sick of people working Bush into things he has nothing to do with.  That was my point.  I will feel free to criticize Bush when the stories have something to do with him (and believe me I will).  Also, your lack of sense of humor makes me sad.  Just because I joke doesn't mean I don't care.

edit: was supposed to be a reply to vanislander
Really?  Not only did we cover it twice, the second time in high school we went to the local reserve and did a tour of the residential school as well as went through the first nations museum.  I'd hardly call it a cover up.
Wait until Steven Abootmen from the WGA hears about this, buddy.
It's really no different than how any country treated it's indigenous or pre-existing populations throughout history.  Just look at how the Americans treated the local Indian populations they encountered - the big difference is that the American Indians generally rose up to defend themselves in battle, then got slaughtered by overwhelming force, and then banished to reservations.   In Canada it was a much slower process where there wasn't any armed resistance - I think this slower process was inevitably more harmful because it destroyed the culture and history as well..
Oh. My. God.

DUN DUNNN
Going by that logic, you aren't an American then..
It has been 500 years since Columbus made his mistake. How long before everyone starts using Native Americans?

Both Canada and USA have significant Indian population now (Indians as in people from India).

Maybe we should refer to all whites in North America as Koreans or something.
You mean like every single 21st Century country that had a local indigenous population at some time in the past or present?  The difference is that the Canadian government hasn't bothered to rename it to something more politically correct like the rest of the world has..
As an aside, as a Native American, are you fine with being referred to as "Indian" even in this day and age?

I am of Indian descent (from India) and there is a sizeable population of my people in Canada today.

Black Americans have loudly critical of how their race is referred to and have made "African American" the standard and anyone using the old terminology is denounced as a racist. How come native americans haven't felt the need to do so?

Don't ever feel that being addressed as an Indian denies your true identity?
[deleted]
&gt; your queen doesnt have a say in your internal affairs.

 She does, sort of. The government has to ask her about certain things but she can't say no. lol crazy hunh?
I'd say it brings shame upon our Grandparents and their generation of Canadians.
Not according to the ones I grew up with.
Little Big Man?
Killin' in the name of...
Well, considering the Catholic church was the primary villain in the residential schools, it isn't surprising that they aren't including it in their curriculum.
Indians.  That's  the moniker the colonists gave them, hence Indian.  This place wasn't America either when the Europeans landed.  So both works but most Indians prefer Indian.  Like how most Asian Americans don't give a shit if you call us Asians - or you know, ignore it all and say American.
Well I learned something new today.
from the [Vancouver Sun article](http://www.canada.com/vancouversun/news/editorial/story.html?id=2cc2f11c-e2cc-496a-9884-bdba9e4218cf):

&gt;On April 24, 2007, the Globe and Mail reported that a 50 per cent death rate was the norm in Indian residential schools across Canada for at least four decades, a constant mortality rate that undermines the claim that the deaths were accidental, or because of underfunding, as church commentators have suggested.

The [Globe and Mail article](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20070424.wschools24/BNStory/National/home
) itself is pay per view.

I'm not saying this proves anything, I'm just a curious as you are.  I came across the article from another post.
Children seem to have very little value in most societies. Everyone claims that they love their kids but their action don't match the claim. In the US latch-key kids come home to empty houses everyday, city youths join gangs, teens die at after-hours parties...where is the love? Parents, in general, don't even know who their child's friends are, let alone what their kids are doing. Why is it a surprise that children placed under someone else's care get abused? For every story we see on pedophiles, how often do we also see the words teacher, day care provider or priest? The very people we trust to take care of our kids are the ones that abuse them but we are so busy that we don't pay enough attention  to realize what is happening.

This story isn't surprising at all, just one more in a long list of child-abuse-by-trusted-individuals.

These schools were still open in 1990 so I have a small hope that someone is still alive to answer the question we all have. "What the hell did you do to these kids?"


More child abuse:
http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20080420/ap_on_re_af/begging_for_islam;_ylt=AtUE4rNTcc0_jcj7K9iVFVas0NUE
blame canada
Actually, they're technically First Nations, Metis, or Inuit, not Native Americans. In this case, it's First Nations.

We could go into more detail if you want, like Cree, etc, but I have a feeling it's not relevant to this conversation.
There is such a thing as degrees of responsibility.  If I drive around in a residential neighborhood and hit a kid with my car, and I'm speeding significantly but the parent let the small child (let's say 4 years old) play in the front yard unsupervised, who's responsible?  Well, both of us are.  The parent shouldn't allow the kid to run out in the street, but I shouldn't drive so fast that I can't hit the brakes and react properly either.

You're responsible for something to the degree you're aware (or could/should be aware) that something is wrong and to the degree that you have power to do something about it.

So yeah, the citizens of a democracy are partly responsible if their government does something bad.  They have some limited degree of power to do something about it (vote, write letters to their representatives in congress or parliament, contribute money to organizations that hire lobbyists, etc.), and if they don't make any effort to use this power to right wrongs they know about, then yeah, to some small degree, they are responsible.
The confusion regarding common terminology is due to regional differences. In southern Ontario, there is only a very small aboriginal population, and a very large Indian descended population. In Vancouver, and to a lesser extent in other western cities, there are relatively similar populations of both. The rest of western Canada has much larger population of aboriginal peoples than Indian immigrants. So in Southern Ontario, when people say Indian, they mean what someone in Thunder Bay or Vancouver would call "East Indian", that is, either immigrants from India, or their descendants. For most of the rest of the country, when we say Indian, we mean aboriginal people, as they are the more common group.
why do conservatives hate liberals? why do liberals hate conservatives? why to religious people hate atheists? why to atheists hate religious people?

Because hate is easy, and requires no thinking.
The topic is worthy of investigation, but this article is completely horrible.  Throwing accussations of genocide with almost no evidence is itself evil.  "Mass graves revealed"!?! "electric chairs"!?! these are not facts at all.  Nothing of the sort has ever been found, but some people claim they existed.  The furnace (not plural) incident is true.  Do some research please.
http://cnews.canoe.ca/CNEWS/Crime/2008/04/11/5256746-sun.html  

The schools have gotten a lot of media attention (there are tv specials and documentaries from CBC, and we were taught about them in elementary school).  They were terrible places that cause irreperible damage.  But throwing "genocide" around and pretending it is fact is evil.
http://archives.cbc.ca/society/education/topics/692/
I mean, even the wikipedia article would be a good start!:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canadian_residential_school_system
No, the golden horseshoe has a huge Indian population and very few surviving native populations. The rest of the country (yes, we matter, and no, we don't think that the way things are in Toronto is the way things should be in the rest of the country) has large native populations, and smaller, sporadic Indian populations.
&gt; Yeah, next thing you know they will find out that people were scalping people.

God damn, you're an idiot. None of those children scalped anyone.
the worst part is the racism the majority of Canadians still display to anyone considered an 'indian.'

Just last night, I was having a conversation with a couple of friends along these lines. It was brought up that 'indians get too much money from the government.' I asked them why they thought that, so they replied that the 'indians' are lazy drunks who get tax breaks, welfare, etc. 

To which I felt the need to point out that is was *poor* people who get welfare, not just 'indians.'

If these people made the same comments about blacks, they would be labeled as racists by everyone. I don't understand why there is a culture of acceptance displayed in canada towards looking at 'indians' as inferior people. I'm guessing it just gives people something to look down upon, to make themselves feel better.
I call BS on the whole celibacy excuse, they could just as easily go and fuck a hooker.
The article was actually pretty vague.  Speaking as someone who lives 1000 miles away from Canada and has never been there, I really could not even get from that article a clear idea of what they were saying happened.  Maybe it was targeted at someone who already knows the context, but to an outsider like myself, all I know is that there are graves.  Well, we have graves here where I live too.  Everybody has graves.  The question is what sends you there.  The article didn't even explain what they allege happened, let alone give evidence for it.

By the way, I'm not saying it *didn't* happen.  I've long known that there are still issues even currently with how Indians are treated in Canada.  I'm a big fan of Bruce Cockburn's music, and he mentions this all the time:  "the local Third World's kept on reservations you don't see" or "went to the museum / ... / the sign said 'wasn't it clever what they used to do' / but it never did say how they died".
It sounds horrible, but I'm a little skeptical about the electric chair thing.  How did a small school get hold of an electric chair?  Isn't that sort of a specialty item?
Maybe if it's really an important issue to them, they should write it in a way that a neutral, outside observer can understand what the heck they're talking about.

I'm not saying it's not a real issue, or not important.  I am saying, however, that based solely on that article, I don't know what to think.
But it is confusing when there is a country called India.
&gt; Oh well that's perfectly fine then

Who gives a shit? This stupid scalping discussion is nothing but a red herring. If, in your mind, scalping somehow justifies or is equivalent to state-sponsored genocide, then you have no sense of moral perspective.
Yes, and when I read the title of this article I was confused as to how all the Indians got to Canada.
actually i am an american. my mother and father are both pure aha macave, as am i. you probably know us as the mojave indians.
Sure, Canadians call them "Indians".  Bruce Cockburn, a Canadian musician who tries to publicize these sorts of issues, got together with Jackson Browne and did a song called "Indian Wars" in which they use the term "Indian" several times.

But your third point is a good one...
[deleted]
I thought "Black" was the standard again.
The Church, christian denominations, were ethnically cleansing.
OK, *that* is actually evidence.
And then start taking a very, very large quantity of money/assets away from the provinces and giving it to the survivors and reparations.
From Wiki: In 1909, Dr. Peter Bryce, general medical superintendent for the Department of Indian Affairs (DIA), reported to the department that between 1894 and 1908 mortality rates at residential schools in Western Canada ranged from 35% to 60% over five years (that is, five years after entry, 35% to 60% of students had died).
While this being sourced from narconews first concerned me, further google news searches revealed that there are legit sources covering this.
From Wiki: In 1920 and 1922, Dr. F. A. Corbett was commissioned to visit the schools in the west of the country, and found similar results to Bryce. At the Ermineskin school in Hobbema, Alberta, he found 50% of the children had tuberculosis.[4] At Sarcee Boarding School near Calgary, all 33 students were "much below even a passable standard of health" and "[a]ll but four were infected with tuberculosis." When he entered a classroom there, he found sixteen of the children, many of them near death, were still being made to sit through lessons.
Some legit sources covered it.
Tribal leaders apparently launched an inquiry into it.
It is sparse coverage, however, so the story does seem a bit spurious still.
Killing them outright might have been kinder . . . if you believe that its possible to experience something in life which is far worse than death.

I really hate "dictionary" as a point of view in these discussions.  I know people can't help it . . . But seriously . . . this was genocide if it occured . . . it really, really was.  It destroyed a people.

And to argue about the use of the word "genocide" is really just counting the angels that can dance on the head of a pin, or splitting hairs.

They stole children and they murdered them . . .
I call black people black, not once have I met an african american, someone who was from africa and became an american, canadian or mexican citizen. Does that make me a racist? 

No, because race isn't skin colour. Race comes from geological isolation, so people of the same skin colour can be of the same race.
genocide
I'm thrilled our education system is banging out a lot of crackerjacks.
____NOT OK ____

You take children out of their homes and stuff them into places with no one who loves them to take care of them . . . you put them in places that have more germs than they would have at home . . . where no one speaks their language . . . and many of them die.

That's mass murder, and if you do it with the intention of irradicating a culture, assimilating a people, I think that is genocide.
So every doctor that treats a cancer patient who dies is a murderer . . . his intent to help doesn't matter.
How else are we to lure you into our traps?
How Bush is treating people is how these ape-shit religious/government people treated the indians.

What is your deal?
OK, well you are fucking insane.

One Ape-Shit KKK guy goes and kills one person . . . all WHITE PEOPLE do not deserve genocide.

It doesn't matter what individual indian/native canadian people did or did not do. THEIR CHILDREN DIDN'T DESERVE TO BE INCARCERATED OR KILLED THROUGH NEGLECT OR ABUSE.

The behavior of any individual or group cannot be used to justify the abuse or murder of other people of the same race, religion or nationality. . . which is why what we've done in IRAQ is wrong.

On your planet are all the people crazy?
yeah, Its certainly possible, but without a legit article, it goes into the "and Obama's a Muslim terrorist" category
I don't think the Asians in Canada would appreciate it if I called them American.
So do some more research.  

My God . . . do you really think the whole world has to prove stuff to you to your perfect satistfaction without you having to do ANY work on your own?

And don't you feel the slightest bit . . . lazy calling into question something someone who has apparently done some research into when you've done nothing?
Who is giving this guy upps??? Just because main stream media hasn't run this story in a while doesn't make it go away.

Google it for yourself and find 1,900,000 pages of information.
http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;client=firefox-a&amp;rls=org.mozilla%3Aen-US%3Aofficial&amp;hs=nS0&amp;q=indian+residential+school+&amp;btnG=Search

That's a lot of coverage for a "Crock of shit."
have to be a peer to do peer review . . . is he a peer?  

He says he doesnt know that to think from this one article . . . and hasn't attempted to do more research . . . has ssaid this article is slanted when he's done no "look see" for himself.

Aren't you sick of people who do real research getting shit from people who do NOTHING
We don't deny the existence of Canadian Residential Schools. I'm Canadian and I know the history. But I think mark_in_bc is referring specifically to the items specifically in this article.
It's interesting to think about what kind of society this could happen in... where something of this scale can actually be hidden for so many years. I have criticisms as well as praise for Canada.

Anyway... thankfully, [things are much better for first nations'/innuit schools today (20 minute mp3 interview with folks at Eelground school in New Brunswick).](http://podcast.cbc.ca/mp3/editorschoice_20080326_5102.mp3)
OH . . . .lazy writers who do no research who call into question articles they don't like by attacking people who read the articles and take the time to comment thoughtfully on them?


What a shock to find them on Reddit:)
Do some research on Google . . . . This has been discussed before  . . .
Yes, but with the permeation of actual Indians into society, the term becomes confusing. The only way there wouldn't be confusion is if you're clearly talking in North American historical context. Otherwise I just find it easier to say amerindians.
__Thouroughness and references to primary sources are vastly more valuable . . .__ 

well said.
While in principle I agree with you but having lived near two reserves and a few Metis settlements and being Metis myself I have to say that a great many of the first nations get into a rut they will never dig themselves out of. So few actually try to help themselves, and rather blame the government or whitie for their trials and tribulations. My grandma is first nation and works on many councils trying to change this sad reality but the the system that could easily be exploited to gain a significant advantage is rather abused to maintain the status quo.
Yes. That will happen. I'm sure of it. :-(
Who is the WE in the sentence . . . 

I said "You".  Are you a "We"?  

That's kind of troubling :)
What's wrong with what he said? The Canadian government went to great lengths to stop Indian immigration well into the 20th century. They had a policy to only allow boats that made no stopovers on the trip (almost impossible)... even when a group of Indians chartered a boat to go directly, the Canadian government held them in a Pacific port for a few days and sent them back.
nobody does blame all canadians for it . . .
yes
man . . . who knew "Genocide" had so many defenders.

You guys have the some dedication to words like "human rights", "due process", "free elections" ?

Like to see you debating those words on reddit once in a while.

If we replaced Genocide in this article with state-sponsored mass murder half the posts on this page would go away.
I find it a bit strange that nothing about this comes up on any actual news network when I search it.. just this article, some blog and the website this article references.

It seems highly suspect
There's an interesting discussion of this at [Saskboy's blog](http://www.abandonedstuff.com/2008/04/16/most-disturbing-news-about-canada-this-year/).  

Although all of this is newsworthy, there's a few subtle things about it that you should know, if you haven't encountered this before(like myself)
I agree, it hasn't been picked up by any news network.

I think the one fabricating this bullshit should be ashamed of themselves... Canada's human rights programs were some of the most progressive in the world during the post-war era, this doesn't exactly sync up.
many do, I agree. I just don't like it when people generalize that *everyone* does.
Finally found the "electric chair". It was homemade and used as a punishment.
Here is a story from 1996 about it: http://canadiangenocide.nativeweb.org/photoelectricchair.html
This story has been ongoing since the 1990's There are over 1,990,000 web pages for "indian residential school" 
Read about the "electric chair" here: http://canadiangenocide.nativeweb.org/photoelectricchair.html
WTF?
[deleted]
You could actually look it up yourself... Google "indian residential school" and find 1,990,000 pages of information

One of several "Official" websites: http://www.irsss.ca/about_us.html

Here is a better e-mail if it makes you feel better: reception@irsss.ca  (This is for the Indian Residential School Survivors Society)
Just because main stream media hasn't run this story in a while doesn't make it go away.

Google it for yourself and find 1,900,000 pages of information. http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;client=firefox-a&amp;rls=org.mozilla%3Aen-US%3Aofficial&amp;hs=nS0&amp;q=indian+residential+school+&amp;btnG=Search
I am not defending genocide.  You assume the allegations are true.  I would like to see some investigation before people start throwing words like "Genocide" around.  Right now, murder, let alone mass-murder, is nothing more than baseless speculation.

There is no proof (yet)... none... this article is passing exagerated theories off as truth.  I want to know the truth, so lets have an investigation, but "freedom" and "human rights" and especially "due process" is EXACTLY why this kind of crap is evil.  Innocent until proven guilty.

Words are important, and when we start throwing them around just to rile people up, without any shred of truth behind them, things like mob-lynchings and wars based on false pretenses happen...
No. As I understand it, it was white/Europeans who did the scapling (of native North Americans) first. That's how the native NAs learned it.
Oh, and I don't mean to come off as a dick.  Its just, I myself got riled up, and then I started spending some time looking elsewhere for news and facts and information on the committee etc. That is when I found that, while concerning, the article was making claims that are thus-far not even close to having any evidence or proof.  And it got me angry, as misinformation does.

I hope its not true.
&gt; It's really no different than how *any* country treated it's indigenous or pre-existing populations throughout history.

I hope you're making this up.
They are listing 28 locations of mass graves for investigation. How is this considered fabricating bullshit?
You place a lot of faith in the MSM.
You are very quick to dismiss an article listing the precise locations of 28 mass graves. Seems like you are letting your nationalism get in the way of your morality and common sense.
&gt;To which I felt the need to point out that is was poor people who get welfare, not just 'indians.'

When Canadians gripe about "Indians", it isn't really about aboriginals or people of a particular ancestry, but rather about reservations and its occupants. The whole reservation concept (trying to hang onto the past, bankrolled by the government) is a foolish system that is demonstratably not working. Most reservations are full of glue-sniffing drunks, and their contribution to the surrounding area is like an atomic bomb of crime in the surrounding area.

It isn't racist or stereotyping if it's true, and overwhelmingly reservation indians are worse than the worst image of "white trash" in the US.
There's nothing technical about the term First Nations. It's a bit of a general term.
In Swedish we have indianer (Native Americans) vs indier (people from India). When learning English it took me a while to realize that in English they're the same. At this point I realized just how confused Columbus was (and how confusing English is).
in a way - and lets take the story at face value - this reminds me of the plot of the book "Fatherland", where a victorious Third Reich managed to hide the holocaust from the general public, save for the odd rumour or story or two.

is it possible that because we were the actual victors in WW2 that we hid our own holocaust in Canada?
stereotypes are things that people use to simplify things.

if a lot of asian people have 'squinty eyes,' then the stereotype becomes that all asians do.

if a lot of first nations are poor and drunk, then the stereotype becomes that they all are.

Stereotypes can be useful for people who implement them, as it helps simplify situations, so we cane make decisions faster.

They become a problem when people use the stereotype as a reason to look down upon those people. This is what happens all the time with aboriginals. the stereotype comes along that aboriginals are drunk and lazy, b/c a substantial number are. People believe this, and use it as a justification to not care. It then becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.

If the majority of Canadians didn't think of aboriginals as lazy or drunk, I'm betting more would be done to fix the situation that we have put ourselves in.

Think of it this way. When applying to work with Doctor's Without Borders, working in Northern Canada with the Inuit populations up there is seen as equivalent experience to working in a third world country. Nunavut has the highest rates of respiratory infection in children IN THE WORLD. 

People running around saying that the majority of aboriginals are drunk and lazy is simply a way of not dealing with the situation, and letting things decay further.

***edit: for example, what do you think would happen if it was found out that, in general, all Ukrainian people in Canada had lower incomes, and living conditions than anyone else on average? People would get pissed off, and something would be done to fix it. This doesn't happen with aboriginals. Why? b/c people say, oh it doesn't matter b/c most of them are drunks anyways. As such, this stereotype is causing harm, and the promotion of inequality.
Expect everyone to know everything about Canada (or any country for that matter)? Give me a break mate.
Um, just no. You can't correlate the two and your description is so misleading and wrong. Extremism at it's best.
[there is actually:](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_Nations)

Aboriginal = First Nation + Metis + Inuit

Native American is an outdated term. In the end though, it all really depends on what the people would prefer to be called, and this varies from person to person.
I can sort of comprehend the fighting that went on between whites and natives in our history, but what the hell is going on now? I thought it was mostly behind us, but I guess Canada is a different country. I won't stereotype all Canadians because of this story, because it would be as bad to have Canadians stereotype all Americans for the deeds of the KKK.
Because none of those are tolerable of the others so there is an action/reaction effect instead of discussion: one side protests and yells in the others face which does nothing but cause the other side to scream and yell and such back.
But it's the frickon 21st century, we have a good amount of history we can learn from that should, oh I don't know, tell us this kind of thinking is wrong?
It's not outdated. It's not used by some for political reasons. It's like me getting pedantic about the term European.

Metis and First Nation should not be included with Inuit. Inuit actualy describes a specific peoples, and the other two terms are a more general description.

Please look them all up. I can't believe you got upvoted to 16 for your comment.
WTH...Grab a clue. It's in between the lines. nfulton got it. As for the humor, if you did care, you wouldn't joke about it.
tolerance and understanding require much more mental effort than hate. They even require admitting you're wrong sometimes.
Absolutely not. Residential schools were absolutely disgusting. I abhor them, and I never really had much of a sense of nationalism.
In actuality, I was quick to believe the article, but I later took an objective standpoint as to the credibility of the article.

I will revise my last comment that I wouldn't exactly call it a crock of shit, but Vicinsea is arguing the existence and cruelty of Residential Schools against mark_in_bc who si arguing the credibility of the article.
The NarcoSphere article is ridiculous in equating the residential school program to extermination camps. 

The press release from Friends and Relatives of the Disappeared is full of sweeping statements too, but I can understand where they're coming from: "Why should we trust the establishment that allowed this to happen to investigate the atrocities they are responsible for?" Here's a bit from the Edmonton Sun article:

&gt; Annett said the group received information that the Mounties are planning to dig up the grave sites and remove the remains.
&gt;
&gt;"So we want the information out in the public so people are aware of the sites and can protect them because we really feel an independent inquiry needs to happen." 

It's important to distinguish between the neglect and abuse of these children by school staff and a systematic program of extermination.

Others have pointed out in the comments that the mortality rates for some of these schools was appallingly high (50% in some cases), but bear in mind that some of these statistics span a period of time which includes pandemics of spanish flu and tuberculosis in the general population.
Any Ojibwe First Nations people i've heard who refer to themselves call themselves Indians.

I follow their lead.
well, part of the reason for the original comment was simply to point out it didn't matter what we go by, and that if you want to be as politically correct as possible, Native American isn't even the best term.

*"Metis and First Nation should not be included with Inuit. Inuit actualy describes a specific peoples, and the other two terms are a more general description."* 

I would disagree on this, as my reference is taking a couple of courses in this area, and some experience working in the first nations community in the city I live in (which coincidentally has the largest population 'native americans' anywhere in the world). While they are not all homogeneous groups, this tends to be the schema used here right now (for the moment anyways, these things always change)

As for looking it up, I might say the same to you, as there's a difference between Canada and the US on this one.

(p.s. I wonder if you can figure out where I live :P)
[read this link at least, before you make yourself look any worse :P](http://www12.statcan.ca/english/census06/analysis/aboriginal/index.cfm)

[or even this one](http://www.canada.com/topics/news/story.html?id=dec67428-c39c-4fbe-b26a-b3af3b193258)
I'm not the following type myself. My

Oh my hell! LOL. I used to date an Eskimo chick, so I just went to wiki for funzies. Read the first sentance: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eskimo#Derivation
[deleted]
I don't care about the political terms used by either the Canadian gov, the U.S. gov, those who wish to be called First Nation, or Metis.

First Nation and Metis are general terms.
[deleted]
it's not funny when you make the changes to the article yourself. (as in, the 'funny part' was written at 17:54 on April 20, 2008)
Then wouldn't that make you Siberian?  I assume you came over the Bering Straight.
Are you trying to say that I made the edit?
ok, I see what you're saying. I read your initial response in terms of what I thought I had wrote, rather than what I actually wrote.

First Nations is just as general as 'Native American Indian," in the sense that it includes numerous groups.
it would certainly seem that way, as it was edited at exactly the same time as you made you post to reddit.

while it could have been a coincidence, I highly doubt it. :P
I've seen different geography and history texts include Mexico and exclude Mexico in the term "Central America".  So, I think there is some disagreement or confusion on that topic.  "Latin America" would most definitely include Mexico though.   

I think the reason it gets excluded sometimes is because Mexico is big - 130 million people, and the other nations are all small little counties in comparison, and some people want a term to talk about small Latin American counties that lay between the big ones to the North and the South.
[deleted]
Native American Indian is a more specific term than First Nations. You can call yourself First Nations and have European ancestry.
I honestly don't even know how to do it. I'm sure it's easy and I could figure it out, but I don't entertain myself that way. That would be really strange for people to be having a debate and all of a sudden one of them edits a wiki entry and points it out. Read my comment history. I don't really troll.
not here. If you have European ancestry, you are Metis. In Canada, "Native American Indian" is completely equivalent to "First Nations."

First Nations includes [Cree, Dene, etc.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_First_Nations_peoples) It does not include Inuit, Metis, Yupik, etc.
[deleted]
EDIT: TL;DR: It's all well and good to say they're being racist and stereotypical, but they're right. Especially because natives get an obscene amount of money from the government.

It's not that natives are really any more predisposed to being lazy drunks. It's just that our government makes it so that they can live quite comfortably being just that. When you get enough money from the government to barely work, if at all, and still get drunk every night ... a lot of white people would do exactly the same thing.

The real problem is that we're still repaying them for crimes that weren't committed against them. This is all about crimes that are multiple generations in the past. You don't put the grandchildren of burglars in prison -- why are we paying back even deeper descendants of the people our ancestors wronged in the past?


EDIT: Apparently I have to clarify for the high-and-mighty among us: I'm not talking about basic welfare. I realize that it's barely enough to scrape by on. I'm talking about all the special benefits available only to natives. Research it. You'll be surprised, apparently.
I'll take your word for it. 

I agree it would be really weird, that's why I made a comment about it in the first place :P
Ok right. I screwed up there. Why leave Inuit out of the mix?
That aside, you do realize that native americans are not Indians, don't you?
Same happen here in Australia to the Aborigines - 1900 - 1960. They were called the stolen generation.
The story is about CANADIAN people.  I don't think Native 'American' is an appropriate title.

Should we call black Canadians "African Americans" as well?
:P for me, not caring and just accepting is less mental work, but I see what you're saying :)
I'm 1st generation from Ghana. All my peers prefer &lt;Country Name&gt;-American to fall in line with terms like Irish-American, Italian-American. 

African-American has been co-opted to mean "black american with slave ancestory".
The government had a duty to follow up to make sure the children were being treated properly.
&gt;in densely packed schools with poor hygiene

That already shows culpability.
&gt;It just hardly seems credible, unless parents simply didn't care that 1/2 of their children died at school. 

What power do you think the parents had in this situation?
I was referring to confusion of Indians in Canada bit - in NA, Indian generally means those native to the continent.

Granted ain't none of us native to this continent without the Bering Strait or by way of boat ... possibly aliens.
You are probably right.  The sad thing is in this case the lack of data makes it unlikely to prove either way, and many people like to indulge in premature conclusions, which I see happening on reddit more than in this case alone.
You should read the Vancouver Sun article willis3000 linked

&gt;A conservative estimate of the number of children who died over a century is in the tens of thousands.

&gt;This is hardly a new revelation. A century ago, Indian Affairs medical officer Dr. Peter Bryce discovered this genocidal mortality rate at every residential school he visited, and claimed that it was caused deliberately, because of a practice in every school of housing healthy children with kids dying of tuberculosis.

&gt;Witnesses like Wille Sport, Rick Lavallee, Delmar Johnny and William Combes have confirmed this deadly practice in their sworn testimonies given at public forums between 1998 and 2005. Each of them describes being forced to sleep and play alongside children dying of tuberculosis, at Catholic and United Church residential schools. Survivors like Sylvester Green and Doug Wilson describe burying their fellow students who succumbed to these murderous practices.

&gt;Government spokesman Bob Watts of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission recently referred to such evidence when he described children's corpses being "stacked two or three to a grave" at residential schools in Ontario. And government documents recently discovered by the author reveal how priests at the St. Mary's Catholic school in Mission, B.C., deliberately sent smallpox and TB-laden native children into local Indian reserves as a regular practice, during the years 1934 to 1956.

&gt;This pattern of intentional criminal acts is evident throughout the documentary record.

&gt;During the 1920s, under pressure from the churches, the Canadian government abolished all medical inspection in residential schools despite their acknowledgement that children were dying in droves from diseases in these schools. In the same period, B.C and Alberta enacted sexual sterilization laws aimed at native people, under which thousands of men and women were involuntarily sterilized at United Church and Catholic mission hospitals in Nanaimo, Bella Bella and Missio

&gt;At what point did Western medicine understand the need to isolated patients with these terrible diseases?

Just for historical perspective, it was well known by the 1700s that TB and smallpox were contagious. Even in Shakespeares' time (the late 1500s to 1600s), it was well known that diseases like plague were spread easily from person to person in crowded conditions.

When they forced healthy kids to play with and bury sick kids, and called a halt to all medical inspection of the facilities, they knew exactly what they were doing.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;The furnace (not plural) incident is true. 

Skeletons were found in furnaces at two separate schools, according to the article you linked.

But I can understand why you would represent two as "not plural." I can understand the urge to minimize what happened, but systematically removing children from their homes and placing them in institutions known to have 50% mortality rates? Then calling a halt to all medical inspection of those institutions? 

That's sentencing them to death for their ethnicity, plain and simple.
I'm sorry. I can't imagine how that must feel.
Well, if they had any, don't you think they would have stopped their kids from being forcibly removed from their homes to begin with?

Many kids were taken away and were just never heard from again.
In general, this story is true. Unfortunately, just one pound of meat rotting has an unmistakably powerful odor, it's hard to imagine a whole dead body under the floorboards or in a wall of an occupied room going unnoticed, so it would be good for some editing to be done here.
&gt;through the late 1800's Drs might go from patient to patient without washing their hands. 

I'm well aware of that. Some doctors still do it today.

It doesn't change the fact that 100 years before any of this happened, people, even laypeople, were aware that smallpox and TB were passed from person to person. You think they burned a sick person's possessions for the heck of it? That in normal circumstances they isolated people with these diseases just for laughs?

&gt;Would you send your kids to a school where over decades 1/2 of them never came back alive?

You seem to think that the parents voluntarily enrolled their kids in the schools. Maybe you should do some background reading. You're sounding pretty foolish at this point.

http://www.afn.ca/residentialschools/history.html

&gt;&gt;1920 - Compulsory attendance for all children
ages 7-15 years. **Children were forcibly taken from their families by priests, Indian agents and police officers.**

***
&gt;Whose estimate? How was it made? Based on what? I am sick of estimates, did anyone actually take a census back then?

What do you think? A lot of these kids were just never heard from again. No headstone, no death certificate, no notification to the families. The estimates would be from government records: placed so many in care, so many survived, the remainder didn't. See for example, Peter Bryce's findings.
[deleted]
Actually, there is some evidence that this practice originated with the North American Indian tribes.

http://www.earlyamerica.com/review/1998/scalping.html
&gt;It was brought up that 'indians get too much money from the government.' I asked them why they thought that, so they replied that the 'indians' are lazy drunks who get tax breaks, welfare, etc.

Not being from Canada, I can't possibly say if these descriptions of the Indians are true. However, what I *can* deduce is this: *If* they are "lazy drunks", then that is almost certainly *because* they receive a lot of free money from your government.

Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day.
[deleted]
Fortunately we failed, unlike in most of the USA.
[deleted]
Obvious troll is obvious.
There's data in the article. You choose to ignore it, because you prefer to believe in your fairy tales about the children's parents sending them voluntarily to the schools and people in the 1900s not knowing that small pox was contagious.

In short, you're an anti-empiricist who wouldn't know what to do with data if he had it.

How could a person who thinks the parents just "sent" their kids to the schools hope to understand the numbers in Dr. Bryce's report, for example:

http://canadiangenocide.nativeweb.org/mort_rate1.html

http://canadiangenocide.nativeweb.org/mort_rate2.html

http://canadiangenocide.nativeweb.org/mort_rate2.html

http://canadiangenocide.nativeweb.org/mort_rate4.htm
http://canadiangenocide.nativeweb.org/mort_rate5.html

How could a person who thinks that in the mid-1900s medical professionals and government bodies didn't know TB was contagious even **dream** of understanding an article like this:

http://www.newscientist.com/channel/health/mg19426024.000-canada-probes-tb-genocide-in-churchrun-schools.html

You think you're capable of understanding that the TB death rate was more than 10 times higher for kids in the schools than for indigenous Canadians at home?

&gt;Canada's health ministry says the yearly death rate from TB in native communities in the early 20th century, before antibiotics were available, exceeded 7 per 1000, "among the highest ever reported in a human population". However, the ministry also says school death rates reached 80 per 1000 in the 1930s and 1940s.
I understand "African-American" to mean "pretentiously uppity jigaboo."  

I suppose one's mileage may vary.
Matis is the term originally given to people who were born of an 'Indian' (usually the mother) and French Canadain (usually the father). 

First nations are any group that was originally on the land in Canada before European settlement. Some of them have been completely eradicated either through war, starvation or disease after the Europeans came.

Inuit is a term used to describe northern people. Inuit people:s themselves can be broken up into seperate bands as well, as the first nations people are.

If anything, Metis is the least general.
yes.
bingo.  intent does matter.

They did it in an arrogent white mans burden type of way, but they were honestly trying to help them.  They thought it horrible that they were on those reserves uneducated and dying of curable diseases.

The fact that the duty of helping these poor children in this misguided folly was a group of known psychopaths who viewed it as the potential to rape and abuse.
Look at how Shrub is treating Middle Easterners and tell me that it's not the same attitude that the whites had against the native Americans.  The point was that the same arrogance and ignorance that Europeans have showed non-Europeans for centuries is still alive and well, just in a different reincarnation.
Good God!! Can this thread please get off this incredibly stupid, asinine, semantical argument? What fundamental difference does it make to anyone whether *you* choose to call them American Indians/Aboriginals/First Nations Peoples/Native Canadians/etc./etc.

Different tribal groups prefer different names. Can we leave it at that?

There's hundreds of kids killed and left in shallow graves and all reddit gets heated about is what the preferred nomenclature is..you know protecting one's PC cred is all that's really important, after all.
I think the mainstream media in this country does indeed air the CIA experiments story.

Generally, the press here isn't afraid of too much. The CBC did air a story about the ultra-secretive CSE. Before that, the CSE wasn't known about by the average Canadian and they didn't even have parliamentary oversight.
True, I'd like to believe it wasn't as bad as it probably was.  I was trying to argue against the idea of misinformation, but I feel kind of dirty for it, so I am going to stop.  There is no excuse for what happened, regardless what one calls it.
[deleted]
Sadly, things like this still happen today.

A nursing home in my state continued to admit vent-dependent kids even as others were dying of adenovirus  (a highly contagious respiratory disease). The administration refused to introduce even basic infection control procedures, like gloves, gowns and masks for the staff. Before it was over, 23 of the 50 children had died, many of them, not admitted to the facility until after the outbreak was in high gear.

There were eventually lawsuits, but no state inspectors visited the home till after the 10th child died, and there were no fines or sanctions for the nursing home owner.
&gt;I suppose the genocidal conspiracy continues?

And do you imagine that the current rate is anywhere *near* to the 50% found by Dr. Bryce on his visits?

Are you as bad at math as you are at history and logic?

(And psst--it may interest you to know that some people don't get sick with TB till many, many years after exposure).
[deleted]
Yes. And lamentable as it is, it pales in comparision to a rate 10 TIMES higher than ever recorded elsewhere.

You do know what TIMES and HIGHER THAN EVER mean, don't you? 

Of course not. How could you? You're an anti-empiricist who thinks the parents voluntarily sent their kids to the schools and that no one knew smallpox and TB were contagious. Even though there's copious documentation that doctors' warnings about isolation were ignored for more than four decades.

How could you hope to understand a concept like "10 times higher than ever recorded elsewhere"? It has several multi-syllable words. If you can't understand that having the police remove one's child forcibly from one's home at gunpoint isn't the same thing as voluntarily sending a child to boarding school, I doubt you really can leave home without a minder, much less understand the relationship of one number to another.
[deleted]
Equate abortion with ethnic cleansing and the Holocaust with Jews, this article has plenty of words but dont say just where the electric chairs were, witness testimony says Jews are killing small children and taping their deaths and peddling the images across the internet... Snuff porn it is called.
So will you concede that it was unacceptable to house children dying of contagious diseases with healthy children, forty years after the government's own doctors warned that this practice was systematically killing half of the children admitted to the schools?

Will you concede that it was unacceptable to force children to attend these schools under these conditions?

Or do you continue to blame the parents for "sending" them there? Do you continue to insist that people probably just didn't know that TB and smallpox were contagious, even in the mid-20th century?
Actually here in the U.S we generally refer to them as Natives or Native Americans so that we no longer get confused about it. Children will still use the term Indian to describe them, but I hardly hear adults refer to them as that anymore.
Here's an article from New Scientist confirming the staggering death toll.

http://www.newscientist.com/channel/health/mg19426024.000-canada-probes-tb-genocide-in-churchrun-schools.html

&gt;In 1907 Peter Bryce, a chief medical officer for the federal Department of Indian Affairs, recorded that 24 per cent of pupils at 15 schools had died of TB over 14 years. At one school, 63 per cent of the children died.

&gt;Other documents show that officials knew death rates were high until the 1940s, Annett told New Scientist. They record children being admitted with active, contagious TB, with no quarantine or even ventilation in their rooms, the only ways to control TB before antibiotics. Former students say they slept in crowded dormitories with sick children, and were often hungry: hunger lowers immunity and exacerbates the spread of TB.

&gt;They faced high rates of TB at home too: the infection, brought by European settlers, ran riot in crowded, impoverished aboriginal communities, where even now TB infection is 20 to 30 times higher than among non-aboriginal people born in Canada. **Canada's health ministry says the yearly death rate from TB in native communities in the early 20th century, before antibiotics were available, exceeded 7 per 1000, "among the highest ever reported in a human population". However, the ministry also says school death rates reached 80 per 1000 in the 1930s and 1940s.**

You can see scanned images of Dr. Bryce's reports from his school visits here:

They're hyperlinked on the website, one report page at a time.

http://canadiangenocide.nativeweb.org/mort_rate_index.html
yeah its worse today. back then the british, french and united states americans attacked the native americans with guns and disease. now the us military uses guns, warplanes, bombs, precision guided missles, waterboarding, dogs and electroshocks to the genitals. its much worse now.
[deleted]
&gt;I guess they didn't care if they died as long as they achieved their genocidal results?

It seems likely that the staff took precautions for themselves. I doubt **they** were going hungry or sleeping in unventilated rooms next to dying children.

&gt;That being said, never underestimate people's stupidity to allow a bad situation to continue.

It's more than just stupidity. That's what you're not getting. The government issued a statement that it knew their policies were killing children needlessly, but that they thought it was worth it to achieve a "Final Solution" for the native population.

http://canadiangenocide.nativeweb.org/intro2.html

&gt;It is readily acknowledged that Indian children lose their natural resistance to illness by habituating so closely in the residential schools and that they die at a much higher rate than in their villages. But this does not justify a change in the policy of this Department which is geared towards a final solution of our Indian Problem."

Duncan Campbell Scott, Deputy Superintendent of Indian Affairs from 1913-1932
I get disgusted by the racism towards natives displayed by the majority of Canadians. It isn't as overt as racism I have encountered in other countries, but still disgusting.
The true identity of any Indian, I guess, would be the tribe they come from.

I am not visibly Indian so I cannot speak for everybody.  I also do not consider myself to be part of Indian society.  It is extremely common around where I am from for people to refer to themselves as Indians.

If someone calls me an Indian and knows I am an Indian, I take no offense to it as long as it is not used in a derogatory manner.
Actually, natives ARE more predisposed to being drunks.
please explain how his description is so misleading and wrong. it is extreme, but toned down a little, and it seems to be a good observation
What about people that think they get too much money but aren't racist?
Tradition has it that she can't say no without good reason.  Legally she has every right to.  If she said no, she'd have to justify her reasons to the populace.  If she just does what she's told she avoids controversy.  Crazy, eh?
Without looking it up... Winnipeg?
TL;DR this...

have you ever tried living on welfare?

it is not comfortable, or easy in any way. The fact that you can say otherwise with a straight face, really just shows how out of touch you are with reality. 

Imagine trying to live on [$331.40 a month](http://www.gov.mb.ca/fs/eiafacts/basic_assistance.html). First of all, try finding somewhere to live for even $200 a month. If you're lucky enough to somehow have some savings for a house, there's no way you could ever get home insurance, as the companies don't insure homes in the 'cheap' part of the city. Even then, that only leaves you with $131.40 a month for food. assuming 30 days in a month, thats $4.38 a day for food. With that, you can by a can of soup or two, and maybe some bread. 

On top of this, imagine you have diabetes (a distinct genetic possibility if you're aboriginal). Most of the food you can buy for $4.38 a day will be simple carbs, which will fuck your diabetes over hardcore. Give yourself a couple of years to develop peripheral neuropathy from your diabetes, step on a nail and not even notice it, and then have to get your leg amputated b/c your immune system is suppressed cuz of the diabetes as well.

So now, how the hell are you even going to get to the grocery store? Chances are there's none nearby, as for only $200 a month, you can only afford something in the shit part of town. 7-11 is probably closer. 

How are you going to get to any job you might get? You can't afford public transportation as you spent all your money on food and shelter. You can't walk, cuz it's -30 outside, and you don't have proper clothes cuz you can't afford them. How are you going to walk regardless, with one leg, when the city doesn't plow the sidewalks clear of snow in your neighborhood, cuz it's the crappy part of town anyways. You can't get to the doctor's office either for the same reason. 5 years later, and you're dead at age 42.

This isn't an exageration either. I see these people and these types of stories every day. In this area, this is much closer to the rule, than the exception. 

Now, once you live through that, I challenge you to say you get too much money, or support of any kind from the government.
nicely done :P - though in a decade, it would probably be Edmonton.
my response would be [something along these lines](http://reddit.com/info/6gfqk/comments/c03rvnw). Just as emotional, but a little less hostile :P
This didn't occur in the 21st century.
In Saskatchewan they have various organisations.  They have names like Federation of Saskatchewan Indian Nations and Saskatchewan Indian Gaming Authority.  I think it's safe to say that they can also be called Indians.
Where I live, also in Canada, Native is the derogatory word.
Where I live the word Native is derogatory.
[deleted]
Is this assimilation not a type of genocide? They forced the children out of their homes and into the residential schools. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genocide
if you want an even better story, based on one personal experience in particular, take all of that, but add a bit more:

the reason you're on welfare in the first place is because you suffer from severe schizophrenia. You're unlucky, and it hasn't responded significantly to treatment of any kind. As such, it's impossible for you to hold down any sort of job. 

Due to your mobility issues, and lack of transportation, you leave your suite maybe once a year. Your ex-husband, a solvent abusing crack addict, still comes to your place frequently, high on something or another, despite all the times you've complained to the police, looking for a 'booty call...'

You never had any kids, and you have no family in the province. 
No one to help you. 

You are alone.

no money. 

no food.

vulnerable. 


slowly dying. 


too much government money my ass.
By legal definition it IS genocide.
It wasn't just the Squamish Nation. Read the article again - the Squamish Nation is nowhere near the Edmonton United Church residential school.
Eyewitness Sylvester Greene described how he helped bury a young Inuit boy at the United Church's Edmonton residential school in *1953*.
And you suppose that data is relevant? What if we take into account socioeconomic variables?
&gt;In any case, this quote strikes me as explosive rhetoric, and not helpful.

He spelled out pretty plainly that he thought additional child deaths were acceptable in order to attain some goal of his.

There's no way to make that less explosive. And if you don't understand why it's "helpful" in understanding why nothing was done to lower the mortality rate--after the guy just spelled out that needless child deaths didn't justify a change in policy--I feel very, very sorry for you.

&gt;Or, was their "Final Solution" "incorporation into Western society though education." Perhaps he is saying, "sure, a lot of them are dieing, but we still think it is important to educate them in our Western ways."

So what if he is saying that? How does that make it more acceptable? It's still deliberately sending children to preventable deaths to achieve some goal of his.

Do you imagine that in the context you describe, this suddenly becomes acceptable?
Clint Eastwood has squinty eyes.  Is he Asian?  hehe
This only extends my point. This is basic assistance welfare for all Canadian citizens that need it. You clearly have no idea of the multitude of benefits offered to natives in Canada.
Nobody likes to read sad stories...they vote down the story. Shoot the messenger. How do you tell how many times it's been voted down?
This is clearly the case with all natives, and therefore they should continue to receive all the money they currently do? 

I'm sorry for whoever this is about, but you can't apply this to everyone on welfare. 

We could pay in advance for heart transplants for all overweight men in the country over the age of 50 :P
Quite a lot of natives get most of their free money from their bands.
Just because we say thank you doesn't mean we like you.
[deleted]
ignoring everything else in the sob story though - how do you seriously consider $330 a month comfortable living?
What makes you say so? I know there's a general migration to Alberta in general, but I hadn't heard that there was a particularly large amount of native migration as part of that.
By that logic, shouldn't we just refer to Canadians as Americans...after all, it is part of the Americas (last time you checked).
Because the Inuit peoples aren't related to the first nations peoples.
It is not asinine because "India" is an actual country! Maybe you were not aware of that?

I too don't care what exact term is used but it should be clear to anyone with half a brain that calling them "Indians" is a case of mistaken identity that is *500* years old.

Maybe you went to public school...
And it doesn't bother you that India is actually a country 10,000 miles away in Asia?
But west coast native Americans and east coast native americans are? 

Whatever.
"Canadian Nationalism"

the_architect doesn't know any Canadians, methinks.
&gt;calling them "Indians" is a case of mistaken identity that is 500 years old.

Yes, which means you have a 0% chance of solving it here. Stop being a pedantic asshat.

EDIT:　Oh, and [BTW](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/Indian) check out definition one.
To about the same degree as English and say, Italians, or Russians; yes they are. The Inuit peoples are about as distant from First Nations peoples as say, East Asians from Persians.
the aboriginal population in Edmonton is growing at something like 5% faster than that in Winnipeg (as of 2006). I think it was on track to be higher than Winnipeg by 2016 or something like that.
I did not know that. Interesting. Still, I wonder how the growth rate of Edmonton's aboriginal population compares to the general growth rate of Edmonton.
&gt;Not at all, just that it should not be confused with the Nazi "Final Solution" 

Dude, he wrote this 29 years before Hitler invaded Poland. I think you can chill.

&gt;I don't really know what he was saying because I do not see the paragraph before or after this paragraph.

Then you must have piss poor reading skills. Here, let me show it to you again:

&gt;It is readily acknowledged that Indian children lose their natural resistance to illness by habituating so closely in the residential schools and that they die at a much higher rate than in their villages. But this does not justify a change in the policy of this Department which is geared towards a final solution of our Indian Problem."

Are you really not able to parse this? Here, let me put it in a neatly bulleted presentation for you:

1. We admit that a lot more kids are dying in the schools than would if we left them at home.

2. We're going to keep doing it anyway, because we have a goal we consider more important than these children's lives.

Now do you understand it?  Or do you still think he could have meant that a lot more kids were getting ice cream or puppies since moving to the school?
in general, the aboriginal growth rate is many times higher than the total population. This is true in both Wininpeg and Edmonton.

[*"The Aboriginal population has grown faster than the non-Aboriginal population. Between 1996 and 2006, it increased 45%, nearly six times faster than the 8% rate of growth for the non-Aboriginal population over the same period."*](http://www.statcan.ca/Daily/English/080115/d080115a.htm)

I can't find the exact reference i was looking for, but I think the growth rate was 22% in Winnipeg and 27% in Edmonton.

p.s. if you like maps, some interesting ones can be made [here](http://geodepot.statcan.ca/Diss2006/Maps/ThematicMaps_e.jsp?serie=CMA&amp;Go=Next&amp;geo=0&amp;theme=0&amp;fileName=#geo)
&gt;they were honestly trying to help them. They thought it horrible that they were on those reserves uneducated and dying of curable diseases.

That's wrong. The government knew that the kids were more likely to survive in their villages than in the schools. The death rate from TB for indigenous children in the schools was 10 times higher than the death rate from TB for indigenous Canadians. 

The government, via Indian Affairs Superintendent Duncan Campbell Scott "readily acknowledged this" but decided that the higher death rate wasn't an adequate reason to change their "policy" [of forced residential schooling] which was geared toward a "final solution to our Indian problem". In other words, they weren't concerned about children dying of curable diseases, even when they were dying in much greater numbers due to the government's actions.

http://www.nightslantern.ca/nativeholocaust.htm

This wasn't about "helping"; they were trying to rid themselves of the inconvenience of the native population, whether via assimilation or by annihilation.

Under Scott's direction, despite the 50% mortality rate in the schools, all medical inspections were halted, and attendance was made mandatory for all native children.
[deleted]
&gt;You are missing my point, taking a quote out of the entire context may change the meaning. 

No matter what you add to it, he is still saying that he knows that more children are dying than need to, and he thinks it's worth it. 

You seem to think that there's some context that makes needless child deaths acceptable. That the next sentence would have everyone going "D'oh, but *of course* it was Ok to send all these children to their graves because of the color of their skin."

Guess what? There isn't any such line that would make any but the sickest authoritarian   think this was OK. 

&gt;"However, we have dedicated ourselves to making the environments more safe, and have added additional medical staff, and are building special new housing facilities."

I know you're just making things up to try to justify what happened, but even for a hypothetical, that's disgusting, cynical, and deceitful, given that we **know** what he did next:

1. Fire Dr. Bryce.

2. Terminate the medical inspections of the facilities. 

3. Make attendance mandatory for all native children.

4. Begin involuntary sterilization of all the indigenous adults.

The death rate shot up dramatically after he wrote those words, the words that said he "readily acknowledged" the additional child deaths but didn't think they were cause to change his policies. Did you really think he followed those words up with ice cream and puppy dogs?  

And by the way, since this is apparently news to you, it is not acceptable to continue to admit healthy children to a facility with a 50% mortality rate from communicable disease while you try to make changes. You quarantine the facility, period, and admit only sick people. This was well known long before he wrote those words. So even if he had written what you imagine, it still would be unacceptable.

&gt;have added additional medical staff

This is really ridiculous. I know you're just inventing apologies in your wild, anti-empiricist way, but with all the links I've shown you, you should have gotten it through your anti-science, anti-math, anti-history, anti-logic, pro-establishment head by now that *there were no medical staff.* There was only an inspector who came round once a year till 1919, when they ended even that small practice.

&gt;When I research history, I like to read the entire original documents in context

How silly of me! Of course this was published on the internet in 1910! What a fool I am not to find the link and give it to you.

And you do NOT "research history." I don't know who you think you're trying to kid. You weren't even able to find Dr. Bryce's data. I had to spoon feed it to you. Anyone with an interesting in "researching history" would have found it for himself.

**********

If you're really such a poor reader that you can't parse what the man said--that additional, wholly preventable child deaths were acceptable in the pursuit of his plans for the Indian people--please let me know when there's a telethon for literacy in your community. Because you need serious help.

And if you really think this is acceptable---to sacrifice minority children's lives for some larger political and cultural end--go to hell. I'm sure you'll meet the author of that passage there, and you can have long talks about all the words you put in his mouth to try to make the needless deaths of these children palatable.

****
I can't get over the willful ignorance here. You said you didn't know why they didn't change their practices. You said you thought maybe they just didn't know better.

I show you hard evidence that they DID know better, and made a conscious decision not to change their practices.

And you whine that it's too hard for you to understand! And you make up imaginary scenarios where maybe they thought it was ok to because they planned to increase the non-existent medical staff from 0 to 0.

Grow up. If you ask a question, and someone answers it for you, try to learn something from it, instead of making excuses to stay ignorant.

If you just want to wallow in your un-knowledge, why not just go back to watching Oprah's Big Give or playing Bejeweled or whatever it is that stupid people do with the time they spend not learning anything? 

Here, I've found a place where you'll fit in nicely:

http://www.wspa.com/midatlantic/spa/news.apx.-content-articles-SPA-2008-04-20-0005.html
Doesn't everyone like maps? I didn't know Stats Can had these cool little flash animations. Thanks!
Abuse leaves its mark.  If Canada was willing to mass murder Indian children, there was probably plenty of other stuff done that left a psychology of hopelessness in its wake.

I used to wonder why some of the African countries were so messed up.  Then I found out that European countries like Belgium invaded them and forced them to work as slaves, while killing an estimated 10-20 million. That's not a recipe for creating a happy, healthy society.

Beat somebody long enough and hard enough, and they stay beat.
I don't. I'm pointing out that natives that do barely anything get significantly more than $330 / month -- what white people get for doing barely anything.
Shame on redditors too -- 564 voted the article up, but 420 voted it down. 

Why try to bury the truth?
Honest and open racism disgusts me. Period.  What the fuck is up with these cases of genocide?! This is amazingly appalling!  I've heard many native jokes when sitting around the dinner table, some by a native friend but I never would have imagined something like this happening under our very noses..
FWIW, stories that I believe provide a message, like this one (uncovering a massive wrong), I'll upmod (but there is some cognitive dissonance "voting up" a story with a headline like this).

"Sad" stories about person A killing person B in some sick, twisted way are not "news," IMO, and do not deserve to reach a wider audience ... I downmod those.
50% mortality rate?  you are so going to need some reputable cites on that one or its bullshit.
I have posted the cites before in this thread. Do a control shift F for Dr. Bryce or something. 

I am not going to post the same links again and again in the same thread for every lying apologist who asks for them.

Or read the links willis3000 and others have posted, if my links are too math-y for you.

********

Seriously, where's **your** cite for this fantasy, anti-history, anti-science bullshit of yours: 

&gt;they were honestly trying to help them. They thought it horrible that they were on those reserves uneducated and dying of curable diseases.

You just made this up, on the spot, because it fit your prejudices that white people must have been well-intentioned. It has **no** basis in fact. Did you really imagine that anyone thought that bringing together hordes of children, in cramped dormitories with dying kids would **reduce** the spread of communicable diseases? 

And on a related note, just what is it you imagine was the "cure" for TB or smallpox in 1920, other than staying away from other patients so you didn't catch it? What "cure" do you think they had that would justify housing healthy children with dying ones? 

I'll give you a hint, since I know I've boggled your little brain. The cure for TB is antibiotics, which were not available until the 1940s.
I have no idea what you're saying, to be honest.
[deleted]
Why does it bring shame on *all* Canadians?  Why not just the people who are responsible?
I don't know where you live, but it sounds like the majority of *your* friends are dicks, not the majority of Canadians.

The more *you* generalize, the more *you* sound like a bigot.

Look, all I'm saying is that your perception may not equal reality.

Unless you have been all across this country, then how can you assume a gauge on there attitudes?
Because it's a slanted one sided article with some truth parts in it.

I don't suppose you've ever heard of journalistic integrity? The writer of this article sure hasn't.
I have been all across the country.

And I read newspapers too.
O rly?
So you've met every one to gauge there attitudes?  Well I don't remember meeting you.

oh yeah, Just how many Natives did you bump into in the maritimes?
your original premise was, *"Unless you have been all across this country, then how can you assume a gauge on there attitudes?"*

You have now changes your argument to, *"...met every one to gauge there attitudes?"*

for the love of god be consistent. :P

You would have to be an idiot to not see that Canadians in general have an issue with aboriginals. Listen to jokes. Go to bars. Get off the internet and talk to people sometime. Try it, I didn't used to believe it existed until I started talking to more people, and to people from outside of the comfortable little box i grew up in. It's there, and it's ugly.
It doesn't bother me really, no.   It was a mistake made hundreds of years ago, and the name stuck.  What sense does it make to be bitter about it?
Maybe because soldiers aren't targeting civilians? Maybe we're not looking to drive the people off their land, etc etc. Death in one circumstance does not equal death in another unless you're view is that of black/white extremism.
They should probably mention that then :P

Or 20th century if it didn't occur then either ;)
Well, there you go generalizing again.


You've displayed the same traits as those you're railing against.  Hypocrite?


And I still disagree with the assumption that you can speak for "Canadians in general".  Perhaps that is the point that you missed, and perhaps you will miss it again as I type it a second time.


If semantical arguments are the best you can support, this conversation is going to become tiresome very quickly.


I haven't changed my argument.  My question was one of perspective.  I find it somewhat telling that although you say you've been around this country, you still seem to be meeting the same people. (&lt;- see here I'm talking about perspective again)

I think you would have to be an idiot to not know the difference between having an issue with the actions of a few, and being a bigot in general.

These kinds of sweeping generalizations which are good for selling stories are one of the very things destroying any kind of true understanding.


To assume that the natives in Manitoba have the same issues and worries as Natives from Ontario or Quebec is folly.  Add to that the assumption that all Canadians from these different provinces also have the same attitudes towards there respective Native populations, now you have a generalization of asinine proportions.

I've been and still have to travel all across the North American continent for my job.  The people I get the privilege to speak with all have different issues pertaining to there own area.  Lumping *them* into one category nullifies and mutes any effort or hope for real change.  

&gt;It's there, and it's ugly.

perhaps it is *there* but that does not mean that is is everywhere or even the majority.
don't worry, i won't get into semantics, as that's besides the point here, I was just bugging you :P

I can't claim for Canadians in general; I agree, that would be quite stupid of me. 

the problem here is that my own experiences on this are quite different from yours apparently. The sentiment that I'm referring to is not something that people normally talk about in polite, public conversation. I have found this sentiment in people of all places - low-income people living on welfare, wealthy professionals, etc. Despite the differences in aboriginal populations across the country, this hidden attitude is present everywhere I've ever been, in people from every social location. It is secretive and pervasive.

Since my own experiences on this are so different from your own, I would have to wonder the same thing you wonder about me - you seem to be meeting the same type of people, or at least, aren't getting to know them very well, or at least their opinions on these things. If you are indeed lucky, and you have never met someone, or at least many people of the type I see everyday, then I wish I was in your position.

But i challenge you to start asking people what they think of this topic (assuming you don't already), or bringing it up in polite conversation. You might end up being surprised.

A couple of years ago I would have agreed with you on all of this, but then I started looking closer, and talking to people more about it. Subsequently, I learned some scary things.
I think I've met a fair number from all sides.  
I talked to plenty of Native haters and plenty of Natives who hate and blame 'the white man' for everything as well.

Here in Ontario I have noticed a recent bias both ways due to the Caledonia land dispute. see [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caledonia_land_dispute) and [here](http://www.cbc.ca/news/background/caledonia-landclaim/).

Still, taking into account the extremes view points that I do occasion on, these do not add up to be the prevalent attitude, IMHO. 

As hidden as most personal true view points can be.  Mention politics to any Canadian in any province and you've opened a can of kvetching that will not end for a while.
maybe that's the problem here. I'm not talking about 'extreme' points of view. What I was referring to is the more subtle things, like 'natives are lazy and get too much of my money.'
I see, you are pointing to a more subtle malevolent ignorance rather then the full on hate.  Well, I cannot deny that I continue to run up on this kind of attitude quite regularly.  (edit) But i would still not call it the norm :P

The proximity to Natives definitely exacerbates the attitude toward 'them', whereas ironically the further away from Natives you get, the nicer the attitudes.  It seems that way in Ontario anyway.
[deleted]
americanhellyeah is 100% right on this one.
I am guessing that sylvan is Canadian and is suffering from the uniquely Canadian attitude that "America" refers to only The US of America. 
Tell that to the rest of the world! 
We live in the AMERICAS. Most people in the Americas are proud of the fact and get uptight when not included. Only Canadians are so blinded by their desire to disassociate themselves from the USA that they have convinced themselves that geography doesn't apply to them.
I'm still waiting for your cites to back up your incredibly assinine fantasy that "they were honestly trying to help them."

And your explanation of why numbers worked so backwards in that time, that 80 per 1000 was less than 7 per thousand.
Interesting piece. Thanks for the link.
Canadian Nationalist sentiment pretty much doesn't exist.
Largely from mineral &amp; oil rights actually.
Aha, ok. Yeah, that's completely true.
I was pointing out that every ethnic group out there at some time in their history has oppressed/butchered another. I am not racist. I believe all races/creeds can and have been equally degenerate in their behaviors.
ok sure they were intentionally trying to molest all those children.  thats exactly what the government was trying to do.
Do you honestly believe that the evil slavering white people were trying to kill al the little children in the 50s?  that the schools while being monsterous weren't marketed as a saviour for them?
&gt;that the schools while being monsterous weren't marketed as a saviour for them?

You think the schools were being "marketed"?
As though parents had a choice? What a joke. 
Have you read even one article that was linked from this page? 

***

&gt;"I believe the conditions are being deliberately created in our Indian schools to spread infectious disease. The mortality rate among students often exceed 50%. this is a national crime." Dr. Peter Bryce, Ontario Health Commission, in his report to Department of Indian Affairs Superintendent Duncan Scott, May, 1909.

***

This is how the schools were being explained to the public, as a place where preventable child deaths were acceptable in order to solve Canada's "Indian problem":

&gt;It is readily acknowledged that Indian children lose their natural resistance to illness by habituating so closely in the residential schools, and that they die at a much higher rate than in their villages.  But this alone does not justify a change in the policy of this Department, which is geared towards a final solution to our Indian problem.” Superintendent D.C. Scott to BC Indian Agent-General Major D. McKay, April 12, 1910; emphasis is mine).
http://www.kahtou.com/images/apr_tlkingstck.html

***

Tell me how deliberately putting children in a situation where you know "they die at a much higher rate" in order to arrive at your own "final solution" is meant to be "helpful" and "save them from curable diseases" as you alleged in your wonderful anti-science, anti-history, anti-math way.
Let's look at the government's own statements about what it was trying to do:

The government doctor who visited the facilities:

&gt;"I believe the conditions are being deliberately created in our Indian schools to spread infectious disease. The mortality rate among students often exceed 50%. this is a national crime." Dr. Peter Bryce, Ontario Health Commission, in his report to Department of Indian Affairs Superintendent Duncan Scott, May, 1909.

The government official in charge of the facilities:

"It is readily acknowledged that Indian children lose their natural resistance to illness by habituating so closely in the residential schools, and that they die at a much higher rate than in their villages.  But this alone does not justify a change in the policy of this Department, which is geared towards a final solution to our Indian problem."

(1918) Duncan Campbell Scott, Deputy Superintendent of Indian Affairs
  

********

Look, it's obvious what happened in this thread. You had no absolutely idea what you were talking about, no data, no facts, but you made up a pleasant story that fit your prejudices about the world. That story you made up in your head became more compelling to you than reality, just all the necons' fantasies about what war "must be like" became more compelling to them than the reality to be found in history books and the testimony of experienced generals. No matter what data anyone presents, you're still going to prefer the story you just made up. At this point, I'm not even sure you can distinguish reality from fantasy well enough to realize that you just made it up.

Simply put, you're one of those anti-empiricist people who thinks that anything you decide to "believe" is more true than the results of scientific study or measurement. Then mean nasty old reseta comes alone with facts and data and proves you wrong. So now you're having a lil hissy fit. Get over it. 

I have backed up everything I said: that the purpose of the schools was not to "save children from disease" but to solve the "Indian problem" regardless of how many needless child deaths were created.

You, on the other hand, can provide nothing to back up your lil fantasy that forcibly placing healthy children in cramped dormitories next to kids dying of communicable diseases was meant to be "helpful."
Let me see if I can break this down to you in a way that the Powerpoint generation will understand:

1. It was known that housing healthy children with kids dying of communicable, deadly diseases for which there was no effective treatment would increase the death rate.

2. The government deliberately placed kids in this situation, by force.

3. The government "readily acknowledged" that its actions would cause otherwise preventable  deaths in the children.

If this were on a reading test, when asked to describe the government's motives, you would *really* answer this?

c. the government was trying to save the children from curable diseases

***

Nothing about that answer would strike you as funny or odd or strange or *completely counterfactual and illogical*?
oh wow, congratulations.  by being  dick about it you made me not care about it any more.
All of the American Indians I know prefer that term, but would much rather be called Arapahoe. None of them like the term "native American" and a few greatly resent the term.

I believe a study was done in the mid 90s and the conclusion was that the majority of the North American continent's indigenous peoples preferred "American Indian" over "native American". I think the overwhelming opinion was that you refer to them by tribe.
All you "cared" about was dreaming up ridiculous misinformation and spreading it as though it were actually something sensible. 

I doubt you care much about anything that requires thought instead of daydreaming.
Garnered from Canadian land?
Uh, what? How about garnered from the little land they were left with with the English colonized Canada? Those bands whose reservation lands have valuable mineral and oil have money which they spread to their members. Those that don't, don't.
I hope you don't mind, but I'm gonna bow out of this conversation.  I'm far too upset about Caledonia (Ontario) at the moment to try and discuss things in a polite and reasonable manner.

have a good day.
No. You may have swallowe the PC police pill but there's an entire segment of us who just see it as bullshit so we stick to Indian since that's in no way an inappropriate moniker.
I never claimed it was inappropriate, just misleading and that's why most Americans (at least the ones I know) refer to them as Natives or Native Americans. Generally we stop calling them Indians after childhood when most of us realize theres a country out there called India that has nothing to do with the Indians (Native Americans).
I seriously doubt "Indian" is Hindi.
Please, we're all Americans if you think about it - South American, Central American, North American ... well that's the way it should be since in the states, we can call people by what geographic region they come from - Europeans, Asians, Africans ... Guess Australians can't really count for that one.
I don't recall claiming that it was. Are you trying to make a point with that statement?
While technically true it's not in common language. For all intents and purposes American refers to those from the USA.
Did you bother to research that article?

Summary:
I did not know that.
The story is about CANADIAN people.
I understand that, but Indians are from India.
Many First Nations people refer to themselves as Indians.
I know people can't help it .
I have no problem being referred to as being Indian.
I just don't like it when people generalize that *everyone* does.
are you really a canadian then?
I'm Canadian and I know the history.
please say native american, not indian.
I don't know who you think you're trying to kid.
Generally a Native American is from America...
I am of Indian ancestry.
Well, we have graves here where I live too.
right, but we use indian too.
Sure, Canadians call them "Indians".
No, in Canada we say natives or First Nations.
Think of it this way.
I think Indian people are the ones who have a problem with natives being called Indian.
How many children were in the  school?
I honestly don't even know how to do it.
Aboriginal Canadians aren't Native Americans.
They aren't even called Indians.
actually i am an american.
Well, there you go generalizing again.
Native American Indian is a more specific term than First Nations.
That's what you're not getting.
How did the children die.
ok, I see what you're saying.
The death rate from TB for indigenous children in the schools was 10 times higher than the death rate from TB for indigenous Canadians.
I have been all across the country.
The word 'Indian' is also used to legally refer to First Nations people.
I think it's safe to say that they can also be called Indians.
It is extremely common around where I am from for people to refer to themselves as Indians.
What makes you say so?
and many of them die.
I hope you're making this up.
He says he doesnt know that to think from this one article .
Apparantly Americans here think that natives in America like being called Indians too.
Well, both of us are.
It's not offensive, at least to the people I know.
I think it's more about calling Indian people Indian than anything else.
I see these people and these types of stories every day.
I knew Canada was too good to be true...
They're Indians when you think you're in India.
Er, here in Canada we don't call natives "Indians".
It was brought up that 'indians get too much money from the government.'
Why not just the people who are responsible?
those are just a few of the many.
You aren't from India - you're from Canada really...
This is what happens all the time with aboriginals.
Do you think I as a Canadian knew about this and didn't say anything?
The Canadian government is as every bit as responsible for this as the churches are.
In Canada, "Native American Indian" is completely equivalent to "First Nations."
It was done in the US too.
What I was referring to is the more subtle things, like 'natives are lazy and get too much of my money.'
I hope its not true.
In general, this story is true.
"Indians" -- nobody in Canada calls First Nations peoples this;
2.
What about people that think they get too much money but aren't racist?
This doesn't happen with aboriginals.
It is not inappropriate to refer to them as Indians.
They forced the children out of their homes and into the residential schools.
It's a bit of a general term.
First Nation and Metis are general terms.
Apparently people here don't like being corrected.
Well, they did mention graves of children.
In this case, it's First Nations.
So what if he is saying that?
That aside, you do realize that native americans are not Indians, don't you?
I don't think Native 'American' is an appropriate title.
The title confused me for a second, in Canada we say Native American.
It might have something to do with actually being from, you know, **India**.
when you say 'indian' many people think of india, the asian country where curry is used a lot.
I also do not consider myself to be part of Indian society.
Wrong, while calling them "Indians" is not PC, the term is still in use, even by aboriginals themselves.
The MSM in Canada ignores the aboriginal people all the time.
Are you trying to say that I made the edit?
We refer to natives as "First Nations" or "Natives".
You think the schools were being "marketed"?
were talking about native americans not curry indians from india.
thats exactly what the government was trying to do.
No one to help you.
You can call yourself First Nations and have European ancestry.
What the fuck is wrong with people?
It's just too horrible not to.
Not being from Canada, I can't possibly say if these descriptions of the Indians are true.
And I read newspapers too.
I am not defending genocide.
By the way, I'm not saying it *didn't* happen.
It's not used by some for political reasons.
But it is confusing when there is a country called India.
we don't know all the answers".
Also, people in the U.S. aren't racist towards natives.
I just got used to the idea of Native "Americans" and for some reason never thought of those who were a bit further up north.
The practice of scalping was practiced both by Native Americans and Europeans.
:P

You would have to be an idiot to not see that Canadians in general have an issue with aboriginals.
It is 100% true that Native peoples and first nations were treated horribly by Europeans, then Colonials, then Canadians.
I can find no mention of this in Canadian newspapers.
The fact of the graves gives people a starting point if they want to prove that these things happened.
All of the American Indians I know prefer that term, but would much rather be called Arapahoe.
The true identity of any Indian, I guess, would be the tribe they come from.
It's like me getting pedantic about the term European.
I hope this opens peoples eyes to the situation going on in Canada.
It doesn't bother me really, no.
There's data in the article.
That's not going to make you any friends on this issue.
The rest of western Canada has much larger population of aboriginal peoples than Indian immigrants.
It doesn't take much from the decision to kill a culture to the decision to kill the people.
It was known by the government was happening, and they did little to stop it.
You clearly don't know much about Canadian immigration law.
They are Canadians and this is our human rights issue.
To which I felt the need to point out that is was *poor* people who get welfare, not just 'indians.'
People like you make the rest of us insane .
****
I can't get over the willful ignorance here.
I read the headline and thought: "Why on Earth are there schools for Indians in Canada?"
Parents, in general, don't even know who their child's friends are, let alone what their kids are doing.
How long before everyone starts using Native Americans?
First Nations is just as general as 'Native American Indian," in the sense that it includes numerous groups.
But how did the kid he buried die?
Just because we say thank you doesn't mean we like you.
This is shameful to all Canadians.
That doesn't absolve the Canadian government from responsibility.
You said you thought maybe they just didn't know better.
Well I learned something new today.
We don't deny the existence of Canadian Residential Schools.
&gt;It was brought up that 'indians get too much money from the government.'
Canada has a huge indian population(from India) which is one of the reasons they are called native americans.
Where I live, also in Canada, Native is the derogatory word.
The government knew that the kids were more likely to survive in their villages than in the schools.
Then again, I went through Catholic school...
every canadian then might have been responsible .
its the same situation really.
I for one find it embarrassing that a 21st Century Country has something called an 'Indian Act'.
But, well, the catholic church used to have much more power than it does now.
The mass graves are evidence that something terrible happened.
Well, the Residential School system was more about assimilation then genocide.
I don't understand why the English and French settlers hated Indians so much....
Right, because the Catholic Church has never before done anything like this.
Like how most Asian Americans don't give a shit if you call us Asians - or you know, ignore it all and say American.
I never claimed it was inappropriate, just misleading and that's why most Americans (at least the ones I know) refer to them as Natives or Native Americans.
For most of the rest of the country, when we say Indian, we mean aboriginal people, as they are the more common group.
I am of Indian descent (from India) and there is a sizeable population of my people in Canada today.
I don't understand why there is a culture of acceptance displayed in canada towards looking at 'indians' as inferior people.
"The Americas" refers to the two continents.
Metis and First Nation should not be included with Inuit.
*"Metis and First Nation should not be included with Inuit.
What "cure" do you think they had that would justify housing healthy children with dying ones?
....please did you see any evidence in that article?
The government deliberately placed kids in this situation, by force.
Actually, they're technically First Nations, Metis, or Inuit, not Native Americans.
Or even better would be the actual name of the people in this case the Squamish Nation.
The issues in Canada are identical the US, just worse.
The government has to ask her about certain things but she can't say no.
I get disgusted by the racism towards natives displayed by the majority of Canadians.
the Canadian's were ethnically cleansing their country of Indians?
There's nothing technical about the term First Nations.
maybe that's the problem here.
It's more than just stupidity.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 2.74
