Original Response:
So?

All the money in the world can't buy a decent fresh tamale or chorizo+egg burrito in London.

Next thing you know they'll be putting baked beans on my eggs.


"Excuse me sir, but there are beans on my eggs.  There must be some mistake, somebody must've stumbled...

NO, THAT'S ENGLISH BREAKFAST.  THAT'S HOW IT COMES.

... Well the Germans should've dropped cookbooks on you motherfuckers!"
The English especially enjoy the way Lakshmi Mittal doesn't have to pay any taxes due to being non-domicile.  Only working English people have to pay taxes - not the business owners.
The rich get richer in all financial climates.

Long live capitalism and let's all hope I get some of that wealth before I retire.
[deleted]
&gt;The rich get richer in all financial climates

Especially wars. That's how the Rothschilds got rich. They would start a war and finance both sides.

http://kennysideshow.blogspot.com/2008/04/war-monger-lord-rothschild-backs-john.html
Awesome
[deleted]
[deleted]
considering all fiat money is produced by the banks, and the rich are often directly associated with the banking industry or close to the financial industries then it's no surprise the rich are getting richer.

The constant stream of new fiat debt-money being created by the central bank and the trickle down effect being smaller for each next person who gets it will inevitably lead to a continual centralization of wealth.
[deleted]
You can't get decent Mexican food in a country with a Mexican population of basically zero?

Whoda thunk it!
[deleted]
&gt;Um, that's a little bit unfair. 

[Is it?](http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/business/128059_msftmilitary25.html)

If you have enough diversified investment it is hard to not [profit from war](http://warisaracket.com/).
Well the obvious solution is to tax the fuck out of them. Why reward hard work and risk taking when you can simply have the state take their capital and piss it away by shelling it out to the masses?
[deleted]
In any capitalist system the rich will always get richer.  The whole idea of capitalism is invested capital begetting more capital.  Otherwise, there would be no reason for capitalism to exist.  The only way to break the cycle is by taxing inheritance and gifts heavily but, with the rollback of inheritance tax rates and globalization of personal asset allocation to evade tax at even the lowered rates, that's not going to happen.
Bill Gates doing the world a massive favor?  By driving competitors out of business and depriving consumer choice in everything from web browsers to spreadsheets to word processors?  Much of the software that Microsoft bludgeoned out of existance was superior to Bill Gates's own creations.   Whenever your Explorer freezes on you for no reason, whenever Word pretends (almost always wrongly) to know what you want to do, you can thank Bill for doing the world a big favor.  To paraphrase another Bill, "The Fucking Thing Sucks!"
[deleted]
Do you understand the finer details of the broken window fallacy?

The biggest windfall is that of the glazier, secondly companies having the glazier as a customer.

As you go down the chain it becomes an expense to society (shop keeper and his customers).

The top level recipients benefit, at the cost of the rest, even though overall it is a net loss.
[deleted]
since all modern money is backed by debt it's a zero-sum game. one man's $200,000 debt is another man's $200,000 yacht. when the poor get poorer the rich get richer, it's just mathematics.
The evils of monopoly apply to software as they do in any other industry.  If there was only one car company in the world with only one model, updated every few years, it may be easy to service the car as everyone will have the same manual, tools and parts.  But you can bet it's going to be a crappy car and break down all the time.  It's also going to be very expensive.  That's what you got in software.  Bill Gates is an evil monopolist, and the problems that he has created far outweigh the benefits.
&gt;Well the obvious solution is to tax the fuck out of them.

That's hard to do considering they own more politicians.
Then you support the violent redistribution of wealth. This makes you a corrupt person. What if the hard working prosperous family refuses to give up half of its assets to the government when an inheritance is about to take place. So you support the state throwing the family into a rape room (prison) if they don't adhere to your socialist economic policy. And if said family resists going to prison they will be shot by the state. This is essentially what you support when you talk about the state redistributing people's wealth. I take your downvotes as a badge of honor.
This is true, but it leave out any gray area.  It's absolutely true with a 100% capitalist system.  It's up to the government to turn back the dial on the capitalistic freedom, when the rich become to powerful.  Lets hope we see some changes in the states over the next four years.  Good luck to the Brits.
&gt;but are all rich people 'glazers' following this analogy? 

You can probably find exceptions,

but generally it is the rich who benefit from wars.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
If we wanted to eat like Americans, we'd go visit our scottish cousins and enjoy deep fried Mars bars.
Where did I ever say I support violent redistribution of wealth or raping or killing of families?  As far as I know, ALL capitalist countries tax their people.  Even if the tax rate is 1%, the government can come after you if you fail to pay it.  They may imprison you if you resist but in no way does it follow that the government will rape you or kill you for that.  Does collecting that 1% make that government socialist?  If so, then you are living in a socialist country.  It's a matter of rates.  I simply stated a fact: rich will always get richer in a capitalist system.   Having said that, I think that it's not a good thing for the rich to keep getting richer indefinitely because it's not sustainable.  For the sake of capitalism, the cycle needs to be broken.  For many reasons, to achieve that goal, I believe that a tax on inheritance is preferable to a high tax on current income or capital gains.
Not really, Britain is one of THE most socialized countries. Socialism creates a rich elite while most of the population shares the same lower benefits. 

In a capitalistic society all we'd have to do is stop buying their product and they'll go out of business, but in a socialized country you have the gov't saving big business (with central bank money) and it keeps the rich elite afloat. Fine by most people.
How can the great brittish empire enter a recession - I thought that only happend in America.

Oh wait the britts have been under recession for 100 years.
Britain stopped being socialist a long time ago, if it ever were a proper one.
Britain has more socialized programs than America, of course it's socialist.
So, with something like half of new businesses failing within the first four years, your solution is to *increase* competition in the market by having even more individuals enter it?
[deleted]
Instead of hoping you win the birthright lottery and become one of the fraction of a percent who are immensely wealthy, why don't we level the playing field and improve the standard for everyone.
When you put it like that it's so simple!  
  
Am I an economist now?
&gt; In a capitalistic society all we'd have to do is stop buying their product and they'll go out of business

That doesn't affect the wealthy. Most of their investments will be in funds spread across many interests.
Considering that they just dropped the lowest tax band in the UK I don't see things getting any better. The only ones hit by it are by definition the worst off. 

Also, as long as inheritance tax is spun to be "the death tax" then good luck on increasing that one!
Didn't you see that news item a year or so ago about a branch of HSBC that has closed its doors to 'normal' customers and only caters to premium, high-balance account holders? That's proof if it be needed that we have a society of upper-echelon rich.
In capitalist systems everyone tends to get richer.
What is it about Americans and their lack of tastebuds?
&gt;Britain is one of THE most socialized countries.

Of course, it ought to be pointed out that this is completely wrong. 

Britain's about in the middle as far as "socialized" western countries are concerned:-

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_tax_revenue_as_percentage_of_GDP
America has more socialised programmes than Mexico. Of course it's socialist.
And in a recession, there is less money to go around the poorer people. Why should that be? Oh yes, because the rich are keeping hold of their money for longer. i.e. the rich get richer.

The gap doesn't widen *despite* recession; the gap widens *because of* recession.
Dude, *you don't know what socialism is*

If you have a rich elite *at all*, that's not socialism, that's state capitalism.
Wrong.  A middle class forms, gets richer for a while with strong labor laws, then degenerates when the people at the top get greedy and labor protections are degraded.  Without unions there is no way to make sure the middle class gets their fair share.  Eventually when things get too shitty for the lower class labor unrest grows, union membership rises, and the cycle begins again.  Only the length of the cycle determines the length of exploitation.  You are wrong in saying "everyone" tends to get richer.  The majority of the people in the middle and bottom are constantly fighting to keep their standard of living which slips away little by little as government sides with big business.
Wow, way to put words in his mouth.
Oh yeah? Then why is OUR government always bailing out our corporations?
fuck you, *and* your nationalism.
We're not capitalistic that's for sure. In a pure capitalistic society there are no social programs, it's just free market. So yes, America is socialized.
Cause we're facist =)
The uber wealthy are getting the benefit of easy credit from central banks that are devaluing the money held by poor people. 

In a pure capitalist system I would be inclined to agree with you, but the way it actually is is a lot messier. The rich are unfairly screwing the poor just as much (if not more) as the poor are unfairly screwing the rich.

Also, if anyone tries to step outside the government sanctioned money system in a big way then they also will encounter the rape room you talked about.

As it is, the system is practically set up to create a social inequalities. Unless we fix the problem at its root then we'll probably have to adjust things manually with socialism. Not that it's an awesome way to do things but it's not as black &amp; white as you're making it seem.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why would you not want people to get richer?
*Am I an economist now?*

I don't know, but I can assure you that synthpop is economically clueless.
Out of interest, what impact do you think a large increase in the number of small businesses would have upon income distribution and economic equality?
[deleted]
Unions gave some, 6 digit salaries, and health care for life. For every notch they rise, everyone else falls. If a cop, teacher, longshoreman, firefighter, city worker is worth 100k plus benefits plus 100 percent pension, then construction workers, line cooks, and ag workers are worth at least that. Of course we all know that there isn't enough money to pay all that much, so the former will have it easy, while the latter will bust their ass for a lot less.
Mexico has more socialist programs than Antarctica.  Of course it's socialist.
Antarctica has more socialist programmes than my underpants. It's practically Orwellian!
Not being party to your underpants, I cannot debate that one.

Long live Orwe... oh, wait, he's dead.
They have less surveillance than most countries, and are 100% privately owned. In fact, there's only one single civil servant in them.
but are they regularly washed?  And are they [incorporated](http://delbus.benabraham.com/#Origin)?

Only one *entity* in them?  Perhaps a '[corporation sole](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporation_sole)' such as The Crown.
Socialised countries have whole departments of people to deal with their sewage. Unfortunately, my underpants have limited resources in that area.
[deleted]
Wrong, remember before 1913? Before there was no central bank? THAT was capitalism.

Summary:
In any capitalist system the rich will always get richer.
The rich are unfairly screwing the poor just as much (if not more) as the poor are unfairly screwing the rich.
The rich get richer in all financial climates.
In capitalist systems everyone tends to get richer.
I simply stated a fact: rich will always get richer in a capitalist system.
&gt;Britain is one of THE most socialized countries.
Why would you not want people to get richer?
If so, then you are living in a socialist country.
As far as I know, ALL capitalist countries tax their people.
Not really, Britain is one of THE most socialized countries.
Britain has more socialized programs than America, of course it's socialist.
You are wrong in saying "everyone" tends to get richer.
Dude, *you don't know what socialism is*

If you have a rich elite *at all*, that's not socialism, that's state capitalism.
Socialism creates a rich elite while most of the population shares the same lower benefits.
The gap doesn't widen *despite* recession; the gap widens *because of* recession.
So yes, America is socialized.
That's how the Rothschilds got rich.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
