Original Response:
The UN needs to stop turning a blind eye and stop and close down Guantanamo bay! Then make sure that nothing like that place ever exist again!
It will just get vetoed by the US.

The UN is more or less powerless against the major players.
WE DIDN'T ELECT THEM!!! THE ELECTION WAS STOLEN!!
[deleted]
I always knew journalist was a synonym for terrorist!
He's lucky I wasn't there. I would've cut his fucking balls off.
This sounds fishy to me.

First of all, it seems rather anti-American to criticize conditions at Guantanamo; if he were not a terrorist sympathizer, wouldn't he accept responsibility for being incorrectly arrested?

If he is innocent as he claims, then he has just wasted our time and money for the last six years, while he lived a lavishly supervised lifestyle in one of our finest prison camps.

Finally, if he were really innocent, then why would he object to the torture required to prove his innocence?

Isn't that like a witch refusing to jump off a cliff, screaming "I can't fly" or some such silly thing, even though -- were it true -- a simple, cooperative plummet would prove the witch's innocence?
Bill O got internet access?
Candy... baby...
Not necessarily. There are many high level officials that want to shut down Guantanamo (Condoleezza Rice) that have been overrode by others (Dick Cheney). There's no saying what the US delegation to the UN will do.
Fuck, man, you scared the shit out of me for about 2 lines there.
&gt;one of the Pentagon plants told ABC, “I expect he’ll likely be in the news for some time to continue claiming all sorts of wild things. It’s the advantage they have in this fight. It’s a war of ideas, and they can claim any wild number of things happened to them and they’ll capitalize on it. It puts the pressure on us to disprove them.”

Wow. 

Yeah, those guys sure do have a chip on their shoulders after being held secretly without charge in your sub-human torture pen. Wonder why that might be.
You can't really hold responsible the naifs who eat up the lies they are fed, they really don't know any better and they're been taught to smile as they kill since birth.

Certain Fools on the Hill and on PA Ave., however, will feel my spit in their eye and my wrath in their heart if I ever come face to face with one who is complicit in this type of bullshit.
Information is Power!  
Power Corrupts!  
Corruption is Evil!  
Therefore Information is Evil!  Ignorance for everyone!
I hope this is satire? Very, very blunt and tactless satire?
Heh....reminds me of an old SNL sketch called "Theodoric of York: Medieval Judge":

Steve Martin:  "I have good news!  We have tested your daughter with the Trough of Justice, and have found she is innocent of the crime of witchcraft!"

Jane Curtin: "Thank God!  Where is she?"

Steve Martin: "...at the bottom of the Trough of Justice."
&gt;You can't really hold responsible the naifs who eat up the lies they are fed, they really don't know any better and they're been taught to mile as they kill since birth.

I disagree.  Anyone honest has the chance to see/seek the facts.  I did this myself.  There is no excuse.
Seriously? The UN? It's ridiculously naive to think that the major powers have any accountability to the UN.  How can anyone take an institution that gives 5 members veto power over all security matters seriously?
How long will the U.S. continue to betray itself by perpetuating this mockery of every value it claims to cherish?
[deleted]
That is funny. I almost missed your sarcasm till I kept reading.
Them and what army ?
Then you would finally have a pair tough guy.
I think you don't understand what hunger strike is.
Wow dude. What would america's "best" and "brightest" have done to Ghandi?
Of Course, that is why Hitler treated them the exact same way.
&gt;There's no saying what the US delegation to the UN will do.

They will veto, because they don't want what they percieve as national matters decided by an international instance.
So there's no possibility this story is in any way exaggerated for propaganda effect?
Somebody has to film the beheadings.

World Socialist Web Site. Some skepticism is warranted.
Really? When did you start doing that? And what did you believe about the U.S.A. before that?

I commend you, and all Truth-Seekers, flying after the Golden Snitch of Truth, it's not an easy job. But not everyone is so lucky as to be blessed with such a critical mind, or the will to overcome the distractions of TV and Tabloids when they've been working 12 hours that day to pay off their mortgage, or the tenacity of character to indict/reject the system which has given them and their family such comfort and prosperity.
[deleted]
But not because the "US" as a monolithic entity approves of Guantanamo bay.
Of course there is.

But think about what you're saying, exaggerated stories of being secretly without charge (not in dispute) in a prison decried for abusing human rights. Even without exaggeration it's fucking disgusting, and equally disgusting for someone like that source to trivialise what they go through.
It's from the World Socialist Web Site, published by the International Committee of the Fourth International! How could it *possibly* be exaggerated for propaganda effect?
Smug alert.
oh SNAP!
&gt;But not because the "US" as a monolithic entity approves of Guantanamo bay.

nobody ever claimed that.
The same story can be found lots of places and while I don't always agree with the World Socialist Web Site's solutions I find their description of the problems of the world is often spot on.
O RLY?
Except that the UN can "call" the FUCKING PEOPLE OF AMERICA so they have that little "impulse" they need to... you know FUCKING DO SOMETHING.

   P.S.: If somebody is going to downmod me because of the caps, fuck you, it wont change the facts.
My god, stop the e-presses, someone just used "O RLY" in a way that communicated wit and humor.
I don't think USA has a bigger army than the whole world combined, not that it will happen, but just saying.
Anyone know where you can get a "I'm ashamed to be an American" bumper sticker?
This is going to sound caustic, but, fuck the UN. 

I'm not saying America should be isolationist, I'm saying we shouldn't be passing powers up the ladder. The Federal Government is already largely unresponsive to its citizens, the last thing we need is a higher level of government that won't listen to us.

If you want change in America, Americans are going to have to hunker down and do it.
Which further shows how stupid the right-wingers are that think the UN is going to take over the world.
You let them steal the election.

I was there protesting on the steps of the Florida courthouse during the recount.

Where the fuck were you?  It's too late now.  Maybe you guys can think about this come November and decide whether you're going to be totally useless again when McCain mysteriously wins.
You're right I know. We should have taken to the streets. We are complicit.
Forever.
No. This is Aljazera (or however you spell it) not CNN
Not stupid at all. If they can turn public opinion against the UN it will be ever easier to get away with thrumphing whatever the UN says or does, much like they did with the League of Nations
Well what they need to do is to mock the US, badly - so badly the US walks out in protest. Then whatever that needs to pass can pass.
Doesn't matter - you would just nuke us all.
Of course it is - so why the US just don't let Amnesty International people in to overlook the Guantanamo prison?
[deleted]
No, not forever.  It'll be impossible for us to last much longer at this rate.
Surely you aren't advocating revolt?
Without any owls, to boot.
No. The amount of consensus you would need among the people is higher than it would take to push impeachment or change through the channels we already have. Couple that with the fact you cannot take on the Feds toe to toe. Maybe in 1800 when the biggest ordinance you might face would be a cannonball, but nowadays, you can't.

Plus, any violence against the feds would be called a terrorist attack and the media would turn the sway of popular opinion against you.

I'm a pacifist anyways, as those methods work better.
You do realize of course that Guantanamo Bay is the sign of a collapsing US right
...which only goes to show you are deranged in the degree similar to the "world socialists".
I agree and this is why more reliable sources need to be used for extraordinary claims. They're great for echoing stories that you probably haven't heard of that if you agree with them you find interesting. But as far as credibility goes it is just some random website and anyone who doesn't agree with their political opinion is going to disregard any information coming from them.
That being said here's some excerpts from the Nytimes.. (but do a search for his name and you find similar):

http://www.nytimes.com/2008/02/14/opinion/14kristof.html?_r=1&amp;oref=slogin

"After Mr. Hajj was arrested in Afghanistan in December 2001, he was beaten, starved, frozen and subjected to anal searches in public to humiliate him, his lawyers say. The U.S. government initially seems to have confused him with another cameraman, and then offered vague accusations that he had been a financial courier and otherwise assisted extremist groups."

"Mr. Hajj’s lawyers contend that he has already responded in great detail to every allegation. One indication that the government doesn’t take its own charges seriously, the lawyers say, is that the U.S. offered Mr. Hajj a deal: immediate freedom if he would spy on Al Jazeera. Mr. Hajj refused."

"Mr. Hajj began his hunger strike more than a year ago, so twice daily he is strapped down and a tube is wound up his nose and down his throat to his stomach. Sometimes a lubricant is used, and sometimes it isn’t, so his throat and nose have been rubbed raw. Sometimes a tube still bloody from another hunger striker is used, his lawyers say.

“It’s really a regime to make it as painful and difficult as possible,” said one of his lawyers, Zachary Katznelson.

Mr. Hajj cannot bend his knees because of abuse he received soon after his arrest, yet the toilet chair he was prescribed was removed — making it excruciating for him to use the remaining squat toilet. He is allowed a Koran, but his glasses were confiscated so he cannot read it."
The early 21st century will always be remembered as the American Guantanamo Inquisition.
The early 21st century will always be remembered as the American Guantanamo Inquisition.
Lest someone say, as they often do, that "these are bad guys," well, *these people have never been charged with anything!*
Whiner.
Not in terms of number of people, but I was pretty sure we outspend the entire world combined on technology.
Because of a few good reasons: 

1. Amnesty International has its own politics and it's not US-friendly, it likes to drive its own agenda, pretty much as everyone else (standard vanity etc).

2. Any finding by AI, no matter how slight -- say, a guard frowning or an unkind word -- would still be spinned to show US in the negative light, either by AI or some other organization. It doesn't matter what is the real state of Gitmo, most probably it's closer to the Gitmo Club than to the torture pit, all that matters is the agenda of the organization. More inspections just means more details to blow out of proportion by the media and leftie organizations. All the normal stuff would be ignored and only the fabrication reported and supported by lying "see, see this is what Amnesty International found". We've already had a sample of that with incendiary munitions in Fallujah turned in media into supposed 7"chemical weapons".
Eight months.
As long as the enemy is willing to kidnap a civilian, cut his or her head off with a knife, videotape the act and send it to TV.

Most people want to be safe from that, so they look the other way and expect govt to Do Something about it, whatever it is. 

So the govt does the half-solution, as it often goes in the democracy. 

The left doesn't want to admit that, because it shares the anti-American agenda with the enemy. So it produces the same propaganda fictions as it did in the past. Like Soviet Union did. Nihil novi.
Yeah me too - she/he should have had a rickroll link...
What? The same Condoleezza Rice who referred to torture as "your baby" and insisted that the CIA carry it out or else?

Rice is a shill who is an embarrassment to person out there with a conscience.
&gt;The left doesn't want to admit that, because it shares the anti-American agenda with the enemy. So it produces the same propaganda fictions as it did in the past. Like Soviet Union did. Nihil novi


WTF? Dude, if your going to be a right wing troll on reddit, you have to at least try to make a tiny bit of sense if you want to get a reaction/response from people. Unless you're going to just type lines like this, which really are just laughable.
That is correct, although China will soon be giving a us a run for our money.
needs more ascii
Michelle Obama's campaign headquarters
[deleted]
Where can I get what you're smokin?
Of course - I'm sure it was just a smidgen *under* seven years, and he made out it was a whole seven!
If when you say an organisation is not "US-friendly", it means they are just pointing out the attrocities carried out in the name of the US, rather than turning a blind eye and taking the silver shilling, then fuck-yeah, I'm behind them, as will be most of the rest of the world.
Everyone has a motive, it's just a matter of the usefulness of the information which is transmitted through it.

The administration has a motive when they grant information about Gitmo as well.  I personally trust AI's information more than I trust the administration's information; though that may be different from you.

However, the point at hand is that we DO NOT have an information set with which to make a sound decision on the treatment of prisoners at Gitmo.  We have several, unflattering signs and indications of what may be going on in there, but a lot of that information is coming from third party sources whose intentions are somewhat more suspect than AI's (or I would estimate).

I suppose my point is that we do need oversight at Gitmo, we do need a reliable source of information about the treatment of prisoners and the conditions within the prison.  The administration is not a reliable source for that information.  I would state that AI or the Red Cross is a good source of information for that.  You disagree.

What would you suggest for reliable oversight?
Not sure you understand it really. It's not just to protest. One aspect of it is to protest, that's for sure. But another aspect is that when things get that desperate and every aspect of your life is under control, it's an attempt to gain control of your own being, body, and death. And force feeding is basically claiming that you don't even have that right. That's partly why you 

&gt; bitch about getting force fed

because it's not about your captors not caring about you. That's part of how force feeding is physical but also psychological torture as well.
Tell that to [Alice Paul.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_Paul)  Force feeding is yet another atrocity that can then be piled on in the press.  It's a public relations debacle.
[Sami al-Hajj freed from Guantanamo on Al Jazeera English](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/87600A7C-F1CF-470D-A4D8-7B3904EF5BD7.htm?FRAMELESS=true&amp;NRNODEGUID=%7b87600A7C-F1CF-470D-A4D8-7B3904EF5BD7%7d)

Opposite to what you may think, Al Jazeera is a very reputable news outlet and they are held in high regard here in the UK and many other places.
Over-reaction that will be corrected. There is 80%+ disapproval. All three candidates are against this,

the people are against this,and ashamed of it.
[Ex-Guantanamo inmate in Iraq suicide bombing](http://www.reuters.com/article/latestCrisis/idUSL01762185)

&gt;Abdullah had been missing for two weeks and his family learned he left Kuwait illegally for Syria, he said. Abdullah had sent messages to his wife from Iraq.

&gt;Abdullah, 30, had a son after he was released from the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, where the United States holds suspected terrorists, Salem said.

&gt;There were no indications Abdullah had any plans to join insurgents in Iraq although he became less sociable in the period before he disappeared, he said.
[deleted]
Only source is a socialist rag?
Lets examine testleft's justification for torture and abuse that takes place at the hands of Americans all around the world:

&gt;As long as the enemy is willing to kidnap a civilian, cut his or her head off with a knife, videotape the act and send it to TV.

Who is "the enemy"? This innocent cameraman, imprisoned and tortured for 6 whole years because he was mistaken for someone else?

&gt;Most people want to be safe from that, so they look the other way and expect govt to Do Something about it, whatever it is.

&gt;So the govt does the half-solution, as it often goes in the democracy.

Obviously your lack of knowledge regarding international laws is showing itself here, but disregarding for a moment that torture is illegal and has been for some time do you really think the solution to providing safety to the American people is to kidnap, imprison and torture terrorists- many of whom are innocent of any crime (as can be seen by the amount of trials that have taken place since this whole diabolical sham called Guantánamo started)?

Well the answer to that is NO. Think what it is like to be in Sami al-Hajj's shoes for a moment. 6 years of his life are gone forever and the rest of his life he will never be able to forget what he was put through so that people like you can feel safe.

But do you really feel any safer? After thousands have been imprisoned do you sleep sounder at night? I would hazard a guess at no, and guess what, all America's foreign policy is doing is turning a whole generation of young men, women, boys and girls into the biggest resistance you will ever face..
Considering the hate for the United States I'm sure that man quite justifiably had, a suicide attack doesn't surprise me at all.
"Treat your enemies with dignity and humanity then you will be remembered with respect. Do the opposite and people will spit on your name for many millienia"
- Anonymous
has this story been reported by a more main stream and respected source.  this should be on the nightly news
Yes, killing innoent civs is justified if you are mad at the governmen.  idiot.
The thing is the vast majority of the rest of the world doesn't associate the actions of the US with one administration or another.  Most people simply see this as an American act, sure  Europeans are probably aware enough to understand that this is largely a neo-conservative/PNAC type of thing, but frankly they are also aware that the US electorate voted these groups into power, voted them into power after the whole torture and rendition programs came to light.  

It is amazing that when this kind of thing is discussed its not seen as an anti-terrorism measure, it is seen as a crime against humanity, not by raving left wingers (as they are portrayed by the US media) but by conservative voting right wingers (by European standards).

So even if the next president gets rid of the whole apparatus of torture it wont rebuild the trust or moral standing of the US, a trial of those involved might, but i doubt it.
McCain?
I actually had to reread it to catch the sarcasm.  I missed it the first time.
&gt;Amnesty International has its own politics and it's not US-friendly

By not US friendly you mean doesn't follow the US agenda like condoning torture?

&gt;it likes to drive its own agenda, pretty much as everyone else

That's what an international watchdog group like them is supposed to do.
&gt;How could it possibly be exaggerated for propaganda effect?

Yeah, only socialists have cornered the world on propaganda.

Capitalists - they don't disseminate their own propaganda, right?

I saw Olbermann on some show and he talked about how MSNBC executives received a lot of phone calls because of his first rant.  Tell me that isn't the free market actually pursuing propaganda.
I noticed that too.

They also say, "extreme temperature exposures," which couldn't be very "extreme" or he'd be dead.

Then they say, "threats with military dogs."   My guess is some cute puppy licked his foot, and he threw a typical terrorist-sympathizer fit pretending he was "attacked."

I can't help but wonder what else they've exaggerated in the article.
As a European, i find it most disquieting the the EU and my qoverment, can not act the stop the illegal practices subjected upon European Citizens and citizens of other country's. What happened to are human rights! There is a good reason why Guantanamo bay is not in America.
6 years of his life. Hopefully he'll get over it, if not, maybe he'll partake in another 9/11 style attack. Let's hope for the latter.
The "World Socialist Web Site" is about as reliable for news as [this site](http://www.kcna.co.jp/index-e.htm). How about let's also question these random bullshit sites like these while we question our government?
Thank god our bombs are so smart a civilian never gets injured!  Those cluster bombs we use are just great for avoiding kids!
Ahh, you mean a "civilian" who just happens to be accompanying an occupying force that bombed your nation and stuck around for half a decade mucking things up...  Not really a very civil civilian then...  Perhaps if they had visited in the good old days and gone to a nice tourist resort, things would have been different.
Well why do you think it isn't?
This is going to do wonders for US perceptions in the Muslim world.
How can you flush a book down the toilet?  Paper would clog a toilet in no time.  And the cover, my gosh, THE COVER?
I remember walking into the documentary "The Control Room" thinking that Al Jezeera was Al Quaeda's propaganda wing.  I walked out thinking that they were more "fair and balanced" than just about anything we've got in the USA (The News Hour and NPR excepted).  Al Jezeera does have a pro Arab bias.  But, like good journalists, they tempor it through research and respect for truth (at least on their english web site.  their other sites may be much more biased).
ANYTHING BUT THE COCKMEAT SANDWICH !!
He said the man's hate was justified and that the suicide attack was not surprising.
GJ missing the entire point, suicide bombers target civilians.  Stop posting if you dont know wtf you are even talking about.
I'm all with you on this: we've gotta move the plebes' attention from the issues to the sources if we're to have any chance of upholding the glory of the Republic.

Especially when it comes to something like this... extrajudicial prison camps built in overseas dictatorships.  It's difficult to explain their existence away, but if we can deflect attention and get the populace nitpicking irrelevant details, we stand a chance of attaining the goal (which is, obviously, another glorious century under the steady hand of our established and righteous leadership.)
Again, hating an entire nation because of its government is not justified.
A friend of mine is a lawyer who goes to Gitmo on occasion to do pro-bono work.  The last time he was there he got me a cork screw that says "Guantanamo Bay" on it from the gift shop.  The background is a picture of a palm tree on a sunny beach.
&gt; flying after the Golden Snitch of Truth   
    
You hate on whistleblowers? Or people who have enough money to eat, drive, and speak out against corruption? I don't get where you're going.   
    
&gt; such comfort and prosperity.   
   
And a huge war debt in our name. We'll have to decommission the military just to keep the country afloat. If it weren't for stay-in-your-place slavemongers like yourself, we could be riding air cars to the Fed Dismantling Party by now. phphbt.
Has pacifism worked out for the Dalai Lama?
I agree with you, from my American perspective. But consider that our government is advertised as of the people, for the people and by the people.

Using our own philosophy against us, we are our government therefore hating us is justified.
I wonder what you would do if a foreign country snatched your ass up and tortured you for the better part of a decade. I've seen enough of your comments to know you would not just go back home and blog about it.
Sorry, you dont get to scream that the government doesnt represent the people and then in the next breath say that it does.  

You anti american whackjobs are pretty funny.  You will use whatever bullshit argument you can to justify your ranting.
Oh, the pentagon was a civilian target of the suicide attacks on 9/11... my mistake.
Settle down there, I'm simply trying to have a conversation and raise a perspective. Go look through my comment history, I'm no anti-american whackjob. Whackjob maybe, anti-american, no.

I should have known better replying to you.
The pentagon has more civilians in it than military personell, and im sorry, the 9/11 planes are now bombs?
Sorry kid, as soon as you start editting your posts without showing what changes you have made you lose any credibility you had.  Have a nice day.
That's right, after Pearl Harbor, American's hated the Japanese Government, not the Japanese Nation.  So silly of me to forget my world history.
My point is not all suicide attacks are non-military.  It gets harder and harder to identify "civilian" vs. "military" targets every year.  Our predator drones are often run remotely from Nevada, our Stealth Bombers also run missions and land back here in the US.  You can then find these people at your local walmart.  So how exactly should you target them?  At some point you will have to come to the realization that war will kill innocent people in vast quantities, whether you "directly target" them or not.  And this is part of what makes our war of aggression wrong, whether we ever experience blowback targeted at our civilian population in retailiation or not.

And yes, the planes were used as "the ultimate smart bomb" just like the kamikazee pilots in ww2.
Has terrorism worked out for the Palestinians?

There aren't really hard and fast rules with this stuff...
[deleted]
Latest from Al-Jazeera, including images of al-Hajj disembarking in Sudan:

http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/951784E5-ACFB-4BA8-AE79-2DCEDEC809C5.htm
Your point is faulty.  The majority of attacks by suicide bombers are not military targets.  And it is not "blowback."  It is guerilla warfare, the same kind of warfare used in vietnam and korea.

The only difference is that the media sits there salivating over every death.
Even if it wasn't, what's anyone going to do about it?  Nobody wants a war with the US, and as far as human right violations go, the UN is doing next to nothing about some far worse human rights violations.
Again, you hate americans and claim we are horrible people, but then you use americans as a base line example?  

Go fuck yourself, stupid twat.
I think electing Obama would repair a lot of the damage done to the reputation of the US.  This is mostly because of the way he comes across than his policies, but I assume he would reverse at least the worst civil rights violations of the current administration.  

At least around my social group, the attitude is "Fuck Bush", rather than "Fuck the US".  I think a lot of us are aware that most of you want to get rid of him as well.
I didn't really question their credibility, which I suppose is my fault for not being enough of a skeptic, but do you have any good reason to question it? I'm not questioning your questioning I'm just asking a question about the possibility of a motive for your questioning.
My point is the future of all military action is guerilla warfare / terrorist in nature, simply because of the evolution of modern warfare.  

I will agree blowback is perhaps not the right term, since that usually applies to covert action.  It is simply retaliatory in nature, based on some perceived injustice.  Most suicide bombers operate in an environment that is akin to a slow civil war.  There is a perception that another group of civilians has infringed on their civil rights, and therefore they attack the other civilian group. It thrives in divided societies where one group is at a perceived disadvantage or surpressed. Just because we don't like the way the message is delivered, doesn't mean the message itself is invalid.
She, but thank you for pointing out what I actually said.
I didn't say anything about, much less "hate on" whistleblowers; the Harry Potter allusion was particularly evocative for me is all. I meant the type of people who are critical and strong enough to look beyond the lies we're fed and, hopefully, speak up about it. A lot of people don't have enough energy or an intact will to do so.

I'm flat broke and going to be homeless in a few months because I'm a rambler and a bard and I refuse to play into the Machine because I know that once I gain something from it, I'll feel/be indebted to it, as do/are many of the wealthy people in this country who daren't use all their resources towards bucking the system. I have gone through a *lot* because of my inability to work for a system that doesn't work for me. So take your presumptions and shove them before calling me a slavemonger. I don't think I've ever been insulted by an Internet ad hominem but that just took the cake. Much thanks.

I don't know, maybe you just read my post sarcastically because of the Quidditch bit?

It's also annoying that noone appreciated my Beatles/Lennon allusions in my OP :(
That might be true for those people who really are switched on to US politics, but frankly most people are not. 

Whilst you are right that there is a prevalent "Fuck Bush" message, and "Bush" is a focal point of the anger aimed at the US, it is not the only one by far.  I hear the term 'America' in as many situations as I hear 'Bush' if not more.

As for electing Obama, I think that'd be great, maybe.  I'd rather see what happens once he is in power, as for it repairing the damage done to the US? Probably not, you just cant commit the kind of acts we are seeing the US commit (openly) and expect a change of leadership to be sufficient to wipe the slate clean.  

Realistically it will take a successful outcome in Iraq and Afghanistan (successful for those countries not just 'Get our troops out now!') whereby Iraq is back in *at least* as good a shape as it was before the invasion, and Afghanistan is either stable or being stabilised (that means getting its neighbours involved!).  I would also suggest that the world would need to see some sort of internationally acceptable sanctions against those who have committed and authorised acts of torture (its that whole 'crimes against humanity thing'), this could be by America signing up to the ICJ or something similar fully and then not impeding any investigations too much.

At the moment the US is seen as imposing its view and morals on others, whilst not living up to the same (or even vaguely similar) standards in terms of human rights, trade, environmental protection and its use of military force, that's the short list, I'm sure many many more aspects could be added to that, so all of this needs to be addressed.  Add to that that there *is* some element of jealousy (some people would really love to have what the US has). 

I remember as a kid wanting to see America, wanting to be part of that perfect dream somehow, now I find the whole concept disturbing, normal people (as in people who are otherwise sane and stable) really do *hate* the US.

What Obama most certainly will do is give people outside of the US hope, but remember that some of these people aren't suffering low wages or a poor economic future, they have had their countries and lives destroyed and their loved ones killed by the US (or if not by then because of(in their view... etc..)).

The last point of course is simple, what happens if its (lets obliterate Iran) Clinton or (Bush Mk2) McCain?

[Edited for clarity and some bits I missed.]
That's ultimately what I was thinking.

I'm not particularly big on collective guilt, but if we as *an* American people haven't demanded and ensured that a government that supposedly represents us closes Guantanamo, maybe we (as a collective whole) deserve to be hated?  Perhaps I was thinking too abstractly.
I'm a student at a law school, and one of my professors also went out there to do some work and came back with a mug that says "Kisses from Guantanamo Bay".  It's black with red lipstick kisses printed all over it.
The Palestinians have been at a negotiating table more than once as regards resolutions of peace and territory.  Perhaps that is more the result of international pressure on Israel to end the violence than any renouncing of terrorism by terrorists, but there it is.

How many times has China let Tibet sit at a negotiating table?
Oh come on.. have you ever heard of a detainee coming out saying "Hey, things were great! It was like being at a country club! I cant wait to get back there!".  I totally ignore this garbage. People will exaggerate endlessly to make a case of how "unfair" the war on terror is. Oh wah.
It's pretty irrelevant whether or not his claims are true. A fact that no one is denying is this:

"He was held for more than six years and never charged...The US administration would not make public any allegations against him, saying only that he was an "enemy combatant" and a security threat."

That, my fellow Americans, is gonna come back to haunt us.

"What you reap is what you sew."
And the biggest mind-fuck of it all is that even if any real charges were brought against him, and EVEN IF THEY WERE TRUE, the treatment he was subjected to in captivity completely undermines any perceived benefit of prosecuting him for it.
A friend of mine who worked in there came back with a  soup-bowl made from a skull and a lampshade made of human skin. Cool.
See why we shouldn't ever release anyone from our military prisons?

Topf &amp; Sons sells some excellent mass crematoriums.  We should look into a bulk order if we want to retain our international credibility.
The problem is that no one outside of the internet will care.
meh, nees more owl IMO
What hasn't been talked about is that the main reason of Guantanamo Bay is to create more terrorists. What a better way to create more threats to the US, and get an excuse to rape the taxpayers than to torture foreigners. Guantanamo Bay is essentially a terrorist breeding ground.
[deleted]
By "not US friendly" I mean the politics of a leftie group that takes perspective of a stupid, bitter European who hates US for being richer and more powerful.

And no, they are not supposed to drive their political agenda if they are to be worth of any listening to. You know what I'm talking about, don't pretend you don't know it's reporting about actual crimes and not being leftie propaganda outlet dressing itself up as human rights watch group.
I'am (truly) afraid that there are no candidates for reliable oversight.

A rational, objective angel would be the best candidate, but in this world there's rather a shortage of such persons. 

Robert Heinlein's "Stranger in a Strange Land" novel had this concept of a "witness" trained in accurate reporting the empirical findings, but journalists and "watchdog" groups for the most part are propaganda spinners and not truthful reporters.
1. Provided that atrocities are real, which in all likelihood are not.

2. Provided AI doesn't ignore atrocities comitted by Muslims. Which they do.
&gt;I mean the politics of a leftie group that takes perspective of a stupid, bitter European who hates US for being richer and more powerful.

You've just discredited yourself.  I don't see any Americans protesting Guantanamo Bay.  You guys have rolled over like a little bitch to your government's tactics.   Amnesty is out there fighting for people unjustly held in captivity.  I don't always agree with their politics, just like the ACLU, but I do see them as a fairly upstanding world citizen, especially compared to the US government.
I am an American.  You are a horrible person.  And, we have nothing in common.
And yet im sure youve done nothing to serve your country except pay taxes you probably bitch about.

Im sure we have nothing in common because i have pride in my country.  You seem to think being american is talking bad about the country you live in.
&gt; So take your presumptions and shove them before calling me a slavemonger.   
   
I got the idea you were criticizing those who dare to criticize the system, so of course I jumped in and criticized you. ...  
   
If you're a bard, a rambler and a storyteller, a fool on the hill, I'll drink and smoke and sing with you. Sorry I got you wrong. As your OP points out, even us poor folk can get the idea that we deserve to be crushed down. I don't think it's so.
I didn't say anyone feels like they deserve to be crushed down, I generally don't, i just meant that once you've been crushed, you kinda get preoccupied by just getting by and you can't really muster up the energy to go searching for the reasons why you've been oppressed. But, yea, thanks for the kind words.
So, but would you rather have no oversight instead of flawed oversight?
"The lady doth protest to much me thinks." -- Bill Shakespear
..Except I'm not American, you see. Just not blinded by mild European anti-americanism or rabid Muslim anti-americanism.

AI is not a noble "world citizen", just unlike US govt it has _no real responsibility_. AI matters too little and is too weak to merit atention of ruthless power players. Say, who gives a shit what AI has to say about human rights in Chechenya (now _that_ is a real violation of human rights, unlike a joke like Gitmo)? Had AI been put in position of American government, or, say, Chechens, then under pressure of real conflicts it would quickly change its ways, if not its tune. 

It's easy to play noble and fair if you don't have to oppose the death cult of maniacs chopping necks of kidnapped infidels.

Summary:
I don't think it's so.
I don't get where you're going.
I don't see any Americans protesting Guantanamo Bay.
It will just get vetoed by the US.
I agree with you, from my American perspective.
That's ultimately what I was thinking.
There's no saying what the US delegation to the UN will do.
I think a lot of us are aware that most of you want to get rid of him as well.
..Except I'm not American, you see.
It's not just to protest.
The administration is not a reliable source for that information.
What happened to are human rights!
It was like being at a country club!
Doesn't matter - you would just nuke us all.
There is a good reason why Guantanamo bay is not in America.
Of course it is - so why the US just don't let Amnesty International people in to overlook the Guantanamo prison?
I cant wait to get back there!".
I missed it the first time.
I think you don't understand what hunger strike is.
I agree and this is why more reliable sources need to be used for extraordinary claims.
&gt;There's no saying what the US delegation to the UN will do.
One aspect of it is to protest, that's for sure.
Well why do you think it isn't?
The majority of attacks by suicide bombers are not military targets.
I hope this is satire?
This is going to do wonders for US perceptions in the Muslim world.
Perhaps I was thinking too abstractly.
If you want change in America, Americans are going to have to hunker down and do it.
Not sure you understand it really.
I don't think USA has a bigger army than the whole world combined, not that it will happen, but just saying.
I think electing Obama would repair a lot of the damage done to the reputation of the US.
I would state that AI or the Red Cross is a good source of information for that.
Where can I get what you're smokin?
Even if it wasn't, what's anyone going to do about it?
You do realize of course that Guantanamo Bay is the sign of a collapsing US right.
Which further shows how stupid the right-wingers are that think the UN is going to take over the world.
Nobody wants a war with the US, and as far as human right violations go, the UN is doing next to nothing about some far worse human rights violations.
The thing is the vast majority of the rest of the world doesn't associate the actions of the US with one administration or another.
And force feeding is basically claiming that you don't even have that right.
You seem to think being american is talking bad about the country you live in.
Sorry, you dont get to scream that the government doesnt represent the people and then in the next breath say that it does.
So there's no possibility this story is in any way exaggerated for propaganda effect?
Then make sure that nothing like that place ever exist again!

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.38
