Original Response:
:(

What next, they will ban baseball bats?

ANYTHING CAN BE A WEAPON. I find is sad we ban the weapons but do nothing about the reasons people use them.
The header is "slightly" misleading. This affects England and Wales and not whole of the UK.
The UK seems incapable of reining in real criminals.  The article references several sword attacks by youths (no doubt chavs or yobs) in recent years.  If the victims had been able to defend themselves through use of a weapon for example, thereby discouraging or better yet, maiming the attacker, they'd be rotting in prison right now.  Meanwhile the attackers are getting counseling and job retraining assistance.
Indeed. Not to mention we have run out of prison space (despite this being predicited YEARS AGO under the tories) and now let offenders out early to save space. It's a sad sad time to live in England.

Emmigration FTW!
From the article.

"Eight years ago a councillor was killed by a man wielding a samurai sword in the office of Cheltenham Liberal Democrat MP Nigel Jones."

Wow. It's lucky this has been banned. 1 death from Samurai sword in 8 years is not too far off a second holocaust....
[deleted]
[deleted]
I know a baseball who would disagree.
[deleted]
So Scotland and Northern Ireland are exempt?

Right, I'm moving to Edinburgh.
That doesn't excuse the government taking away the rights of everyone who isn't a criminal. I have three swords: Two Wakizashi and one Katana, all replicas for display. The katana is in a bad state, so I wanted to order a real one from Japan for my 21st. Now I can't. Yet another example of the British government going to far - just look at what they did to airsoft guns. They refuse to make laws that actually target criminals but leave everyone else happy, because they're lazy and stupid.
Home run.
Like so many other things this government does, this is a pointless PR move. Real criminals don't haul around *fucking huge swords*; a regular kitchen knife does the job just fine and can be easily concealed and disposed of.

Does anybody else notice just how much stuff this government seems to ban, by the way?
Those criminals will be hard pressed to find ways to kill people now, eh?
PLEASE tell me how a sword is different from a totally legal chef's knife? I FUCKING HATE THIS COUNTRY. I HATE IT, I HATE IT, I HATE IT!!!!!! I would have stayed in South Africa if it weren't for crap education in media!!!!!!!!! This country has so many fucking PUSSIES in it. Health and safety, old grannies who can't do anything better than to complain about EVERYTHING. What ever happened to 'USE AT OWN RISK' ?!?!??!?
*Cricket* bats.
Baseball bats make perfect beating weapons.

Grab one, swing it a few times and imagine how it would feel to smack somebody you really hated with it.

Their is a reason it is the gangsters favourite non ballistic or bladed weapon. For blunt force trauma, nothing beats Baseball bats - apart from maybe sledgehammers but they are slow and heavy and not as well balanced.

Bricks make good weapons too. Shall we ban them?
Indeed. Fucking labour!
This government have banned so many things like this. They seriously risk breaking down all respect for banned items. Not a good idea.
The Home Office (except for national security of the UK etc) does not affect Scotland.

Northern Ireland are also devolved so it is largely the same there too.
Upvoted solely for the Highlander reference.
So uh, does this ban also extend to european-style swords? Because if not... it's kind of silly...
Well, in fairness, the risk they're trying to mitigate is not the user's.
What i'm wondering is how someone managed to sneak a sword into what sounds like a public building. I mean, our security in America is pretty shit-tastic (raving paranoia is not security) but i bet they'd catch someone carting around a three foot blade.
I think a heavy staff would be better. It may not have quite as much power, but it's balanced and has the advantage in terms of the amount of martial training you can receive with it.
But a quarterstaff can not be explained away by saying "Officer, I was just going down the block for a game"
Well, only after we get around to banning hands and feet.
What did they do to airsoft guns, just curious?
Next thing you know it will be illegal to shoot Welshmen with your bow.
When samurai swords are criminalized only MacCleod, Ramirez, Kurgan and a bunch of other wackjobs with have samurai swords.
Enjoy being hacked to pieces etc.
Better swords than porridge.
It could have been a ceramic samurai sword.  We should all be afraid of samurai swords and, in response to our fear, make them illegal.  Besides, everyone knows those with samurai swords are either criminals or people compensating for a small penis.
I actually heard that Louisville Slugger sales in the UK were respectable, depite almost no organized baseball there. Wonder what they want them for...
You could carry a slim-jim and say "officer, I was just going down the block to break into a car."

At least where I live the cops don't consider car prowls a crime.
Someone got stabbed to death with a screwdriver... Lets ban screwdrivers!!!!
Has reddit been taken over by Daily Mail readers or something? What a load of pessimistic, hateful crap. Violent crime in the UK has been slowly decreasing in the past few years on most accounts.

I particularly like the utterly unsubstantiated fantasy about counseling and job retraining.
It was a long shot.
Please go back to South Africa if you hate it so much in the UK.
Katana = Bad

Claymore = Good?

Racists.
Thank goodness that as a highlander I'm trained on the scissors!
You can.  It's says in the article that purchasing swords for collection and display is ok.
I'm not sure of the term 'airsoft' but they banned air rifles and pistols i.e guns that use air pressure or a spring to launch the projectile.

EDIT: incorrect, see my post below
&gt;Does anybody else notice just how much stuff this government seems to ban, by the way?

No, not really. What else did you have in mind?
They did *what*? When did this happen?
Only if they're at least 100 years old. I'm guessing that that will make them rather expensive.
It applys to all swords of that type.  Claymore's used to be sold in tourists shops up here in Scotland but got banned in a similar law.
I'm not sure balance is a good thing in a club. You want the weight to be out at the end.
From the article:

&gt;Exemptions will cover swords which are used for re-enactments or antique weapons kept on display by collectors

&gt;"Having undertaken a wide consultation we recognise that it is the cheap and easily available samurai swords that have been used in crime. That is why we have made sensible exemptions for genuine enthusiasts."
Especially [Millwall bricks](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millwall_brick) - otherwise known as newspaper rolled up into a weapon.
so?  Why shouldn't people have weapons?  Using the force of government to keep weapons from citizens is pretty hypocritical.  Furthermore is presumes that the government is better morally than its citizens.  That is a pretty ridiculous assumption to make.
&gt;Baseball bats make perfect beating weapons.

But that's irrelevant to his point, that baseball bats have purposes _other_ than beating people.
That pun came way out of left field.
I have a friend at the HSE who claims that most "Health and Safety" stupidity is actually nothing to do with Health and Safety legislation - it's just jobsworths justifying their pettiness. Ask them to point to the piece of H&amp;S legislation which mandates that they do whatever it is they're doing, and they won't be able to because it doesn't exist.

Oh, and a sword is different from a chef's knife because it's (a) bigger, (b) heavier, (c) better for killing and maiming people with. Not that that means we should ban them, you understand.
I actually laughed reading that post.  If something like the banning of samurai swords is enough to push you over the edge like that then I'm glad you can't buy a samurai sword
If you read the rest of the article, it mentions several other incidents, so your comment is misleading.

&gt;But in recent years there has been a trade in reproductions which can be bought over the internet. Last month a gang of youths, one armed with a samurai sword, attacked a 15-year-old boy in Newry, County Down. On another occasion, a youth was seen brandishing a sword in Newcastle.
They're already banned here mate.  Not sure about N.I. but i'm guessing so!
They've been passing something like a law per week since 1997 - far more than any previous Government. It's ridiculous.
Perhaps all of this is happening because the chavs/criminals are effective, though unwitting, agents of social engineering, because the measures ostensibly taken to deal with a small criminal class tend to further restrict the freedom of the rest of British society.   Lenin would call such people "useful idiots," a rabble than can be employed *en masse* as a tool to increase the power of the state, which is exactly what is happening in your country.  

To me, 21st century Britain appears to be a social Darwinist's self-fulfilling prophesy, where your elite, your *nomenclatura*, employs a relatively small caste of retarded Morlocks to prod the other classes of people into ever-smaller and more tightly monitored enclosures, literally and figuratively.
[deleted]
I correct myself.  They are banned in several cities in Scotland.  I just checked and this does not apply to th rest of the UK.

And they are not *banned*, it is the sale of them that is, through unregulated means like small shops etc.

The SNP government is pushing to ban the sale of them in the whole nation.  They're not having much luck though but if they go on to get more power they will probably force it through.

More here: [Link](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/7193075.stm)
[deleted]
Well I live there, and it doesn't seem that way to me. This is hardly the first time in history where civil liberties have been under threat in Britain (or anywhere else in the world), and I don't think the situation is all that dire. I'm not suggesting that we shouldn't try to improve the situation, but can you point to a time in history when things were better? The idea that this is all the result of some sort of conspiracy seems pretty implausible. In particular, the idea that our elitist masters give a damn about whether or not people can own Samuri swords is simply laughable.

_edit_: Downmods for lack of overarching paranoia and pessimism, plus actual knowledge of country in question? Maybe I should have thrown in a few fancy-sounding terms whose meanings I don't really understand.
The list of potential baseballs puns is short. Stop.
And: health &amp; safety is also just an anti-suing mechanism. Every place is so afraid of being sued, they go to endless lengths to try and prevent injury. In my college, we are not allowed to sit on a bench with our foot on the seat, 'cause we might "fall off and get injured". Pathetic pathetic pathetic.
I'm walking.
I don't know, sometimes I think bats were made to be blunt force trauma weapons for the mob to use and keep inside their houses so the police couldn't bust them for having real weapons.

Insane, I agree but they are so perfect for beating people up with and so distant from what we normally class as a 'weapon'.
Really?

Whups...
[Highlander II](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0102034/) should be banned from all right-thinking civilisations.
&gt; On another occasion, a youth was seen brandishing a sword in Newcastle.

My god, a youth was *seen* with a sword!?  Well, time to put a stop to that then!  Ban teenagers. Or eyes. You know, either way.
The government bowed to pressure from mothers of people who had been shot by real guns but who didn't know that ball bearing guns (airsoft guns) don't actually kill you or hurt you at all, and, being unable to tell the difference, banned them.

Then the airsoft community said, "Wait, what" and ganged up against the government, only to fight towards a tradeoff wherein it is legal to buy an airsoft gun only if you go through a very complex registration procedure that takes months and several games at the same place. Or you can buy an airsoft gun that looks like it belongs to a tellytubby, because the only legal ones now have to be at least 50% brightly coloured.
I don't keep a baseball bat in my cupboard in case I get a sudden urge to play rounders mate.
You silly person, that's just the point: Sword crime isn't high enough to justify either the ban or silly comments like that. I'm at much greater risk from my own swords than anyone elses.
Yes, I am aware. However, the place I had spoken too about getting the real sword have since rescinded all business to us in England unless we're martial artists, and I'm not. The expemtions the government talk about are not mandatory and so genuine enthusiasts for Japanese swords are getting a raw deal.
I'd balk at that.
If swords are outlawed, only outlaws will have swords!
I assume he was brandishing it in a threatening manner -- which obviously ought to be illegal whether or not the swords themselves are.
http://www.jimsgunsupply.com/DuraCoat/dc/DuraCoat_Glock_PinkLady.jpg
[deleted]
You try holding a 3 foot blade and not look threatening to someone. If it's in a sheath/scabbard it doesn't count.
It's not a perfect solution.
Carrying a samurai sword around in the United States will get you shot.
A big staff has a lot of weight (plenty enough to kill someone--even a small staff in the hands of a trained user can be lethal) but that weight is counter-balanced by weight on the other end. It's easier to swing and easier to recover with. Plus, if you really want, you can get the full length for certain strikes.
Exactly -- holding a 3 foot blade in public is almost inherently threatening. That's why you shouldn't do it.
:( It's my favourite way to cut the lawn though.
&gt;because they're lazy and stupid.

most governments are
Yep. Nothing to do with health and safety legislation, though.
I bow to your superior knowledge of bodo.
So do samurai swords now-a-days. Most people buy them in order to show off, not to kill people.
Actually, you can get really expensive Nihon-to collector's blades legally still. The ban is aimed at cheap but effective swords like the "Paul Chen practical katana". It's exactly like the various bans on "Saturday night special" plastic guns. Niggers can't afford the real thing, you see.
In other news, there's a policeman named Alf Hitchcock, for fucks sake.  Not the career path his parents planned for him, I imagine.
You're all batty.
There can be only none.
That's true, but "showing off" seems less of a legitimate purpose than playing a sport.
But what happens when people start getting killed with baseball bats?
&gt;In particular, the idea that our elitist masters give a damn about whether or not people can own Samuri swords is simply laughable.

I think the question is 'where does it end'?  At what point will you be willing to stand up for your civil rights and your personal liberty?  Samurai swords?  Is this really a threat to your society?
You either ban them or you don't, depending on the tradeoffs.
Why don't they just call them *katanas*?
A screwdriver also does the job very well.
Seriously?  You would deprive an entire nation of an enjoyable pastime to 'spare' a few souls that are now going to be killed by hatchet instead?
[deleted]
You mean I can still practice hunting deerple in Wales?

EDIT.  Fucking wow.  guntotingliberal is the only other person on the internet to think up "deerple".
To you that may be so, but not to others.
I hope UK legislature doesn't watch TMNT any time soon.
Hatchets have been illegal since 1972.
Haven't you seen Hilander!? It was carried in in a suitcase then assembled in the bathroom! Duh!
Maybe they're stopping it before it gets big? I don't know about you but most chavs I know would jump at the chance for a £35 katana. If they stop this before it becomes like knives are, they've stopped a serious problem whilst it is still under control.
Those £35 katanas are weak, though, because of the way they are made as a aesthetic concern, rather than a practical one. They warp and break easier than you would imagine. But yeah, they could be.
Yeah but flesh is a preeetty soft target. I'd personally prefer to get held up with a knife than a katana, too.
Really? I'd be the other way round. If they have a katana, they will have a tough job to keep it hidden. Then they have to draw it, and usage of a sword requires an optimum range. You would have a better chance to run off if you saw a person who looked like a chav coming with a katana. On the other hand, Knives are easily concealable, and they can grab you and stab you a lot before you realise what's happening. 

Now, a Wakizashi... that's a problem.
I was considering getting a Wakizashi, but I don't really want to kill anyone, even if they're trying to kill me (not saying I wouldn't, but carrying around a Wakizashi is a pretty good way to end up killing someone).

Most chavs round here would use the weapon for threatening as opposed to killing.

In gang warfare, a katana would be lethal, second only to a firearm.
"Last month a gang of youths, one armed with a samurai sword, attacked a 15-year-old boy in Newry, County Down."

I'm really amazed by the cluelessness of the Labour government. Don't they know a gan can pretty easily beat someone to death with very common, unbannable objects like pickaxe handles?

Basically such bans are as silent admission of the fact they cannot solve the real problem (gangs).
That's just [flirtin with disaster](http://www.mollyhatchet.com/)
People already do stand up for their civil rights and their personal liberty, but I don't think a Samurai sword ban is likely to be top of the civil libertarian agenda, is it? Given that the victims are, essentially, comic book guy.
Well, it'd certainly make a mess of you if you got slashed or stabbed, that's for sure. Personally I find my sword style benefits from shorter blades, which is why I prefer wakizashi's. They're more nimble than a katana.  

Then again the point is moot because I don't intend to ever fight anyone with the swords I have. They're beautiful artworks, for looking at and savouring, which makes the new ban so much more of a shame - some of the cheap swords can be quite nice.
It is a shame, but I think you have to blame the society and ideology that has created people that use these weapons illegally as opposed to the police force that simply wants to stop people being hacked to death.

Summary:
I HATE IT, I HATE IT, I HATE IT!!!!!!
If swords are outlawed, only outlaws will have swords!
This government have banned so many things like this.
Baseball bats make perfect beating weapons.
:(

What next, they will ban baseball bats?
Well I live there, and it doesn't seem that way to me.
I find is sad we ban the weapons but do nothing about the reasons people use them.
I know a baseball who would disagree.
I FUCKING HATE THIS COUNTRY.
It could have been a ceramic samurai sword.
It's lucky this has been banned.
But what happens when people start getting killed with baseball bats?
I think a heavy staff would be better.
I think the question is 'where does it end'?
Why shouldn't people have weapons?
Not that that means we should ban them, you understand.
So do samurai swords now-a-days.
That's why you shouldn't do it.
I'm at much greater risk from my own swords than anyone elses.
They're already banned here mate.
Well, only after we get around to banning hands and feet.
Carrying a samurai sword around in the United States will get you shot.
&gt;Baseball bats make perfect beating weapons.
You either ban them or you don't, depending on the tradeoffs.
Maybe they're stopping it before it gets big?
But that's irrelevant to his point, that baseball bats have purposes _other_ than beating people.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.18
