Original Response:
De esta forma, y por primera vez en 30 años, Argentina abandonó su adhesión a la postura estadounidense de perseguir tanto al traficante de drogas como al consumidor.

Hear that America? No want is listening to you anymore.
About damn time!
Well put by the justice minister
Cool. Thanks for the news flash.
[deleted]
Shit man, I need to get my eyes checked. I thought it said 

&gt; Angelina Decriminalizes Drug Consumption

And I was thinking, holy shit.. Angelina Jolie sure gets around.
SHE'S GOT ENORMOUS LIPS!!!
DSLs
what about drug dealing?
*requisite joke about internet connection*
Finally, a glimpse of sanity somewhere in the world!  It certainly would be nice if this would spread to Chile as well (since Chile is on my list of places to consider moving to).
Drug dealing is still illegal, the new policy is: "don't target the consumer, target the dealer"
Weird, I'm from Buenos Aires, Argentina and this hasn't hit the local news yet.
I know for a fact that there's been a project for decriminalization, but AFAIK it was in the limbo these days.

When things like this hit world news before local news, something fishy's going on. I'd say that this hasn't been confirmed yet, but I might be wrong.
So...buying it isn't illegal...but selling it is?
Chile is awesome.
Exactly. The point being that if you punish the consumer, the dealers will just find more consumers to sell. If you target the dealers, the consumers won't have anyone to buy drugs to, and will stop consuming altogether.
You don't have the D for those Ls...
She may prefer pussy. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jenny_Shimizu#Relationships_with_Angelina_Jolie_and_Madonna
Uh, I know this is slightly off topic, but could you elaborate a bit on why.  My dad is from Chile, but I have never been there.  Im probably going to study abroad there in college however, and I'd like to get different viewpoints on it.

thanks
people should then start growing their own
[deleted]
That's what I learned from some friends of mine.  They are Chilean but came here for a few years for the husband to get his MBA.

They are really nice people and through them I started paying a lot more attention to Chile.  To me, Chile seems to be almost like California of the 1800s but with modern conveniences if you want them.

There is an amazing range of geography and climate without all the California crazies creating smoggy crowds.

For example, [see this](http://www3.nationalgeographic.com/places/images/photos/photo_lg_chile.jpg).
[deleted]
There really seems to be a progress in the justice system... a dictamination by a court really decriminalize thousands of causes, BUT still there has to be dictamination, jugdment, by the high tribunal to be effective...
Buying is not illegal, but rather there is no longer a punishment: decriminalized.
But Santiago de Chile is very very smoggy:
http://www.ufz.de/data/santiago_luftbild4868.jpg

'course, smog tastes better when the people are nice.
You don't know this because The New York Times and it's satellite propaganda outlets won't report it to you, but drug use is decriminalized in a great many places around the world.

Portugal, Italy, Russia lead the way, with many other countries in varying states of decriminalization, like the Netherlands.
That is definitely true and [due to a similar situation that Los Angeles suffers from](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Santiago,_Chile#Environmental_issues) but 37% of the population Chile lives there which means the rest of the country is pretty wide open.
Hooray!! For Personal Freedom!
And you know what they call a quarter pounder with cheese there? A royale with cheese!
Why can't the US do something sensible like this?
[deleted]
Decriminalization != Legalization
Even better, dealers who cut their drugs with bad stuff will get snitched on by their customers.
I would invest in Argentinian tourism about now, if I had any money that is...
[deleted]
[deleted]
I live in America and I don't even listen to America.
And look at that coast line.  Wonder how the surfing is?
Trip to Argentina!
There's some nice slopes there too.  Beach bum in the summer and ski bum in the winter
And then the dealer ban is replaced with tax..
Argentina , must book trip...
the U.S is about to bomb them,
1. they are brown
2. don't support war on drugs and 
3. don't support war on terrorism because of #2
same here
It might be [pretty good](http://www.surfguidechile.com/surfing_chile.htm).
What is awesome about this is that it goes beyond cannabis which is where legalization is most needed. If this is true, it is a stunning bit of good news. Legalizing cannabis is obviously a rational thing to do, but decriminalizing heroin and meth is far more urgent because that is how we can begin to heal our society and reduce the populations in the nightmarish campuses of racism that are the prison system. 

While US policy is far from this enlightened, it's worth remembering that even in some states in the US cannabis is decriminalized under various circumstances and both Democratic candidates have said they would seek to prevent the DEA from violating the laws of those states that have decriminalized cannabis. For states like California that would allow the sort of decriminalization of cannabis for practical purposes that is already in place to be practiced without harassment by federal authorities.


The thing that leaves me skeptical is that the first Clinton administration presided over an era of an even bigger increase in drug possession prosecutions including those orchestrated by the federal DEA than we've seen under Bush.
Excellent. But it will not happen in America unless there is a radical, and I mean absolutely fundementally radical, change in power. Watch American Drug War.
[deleted]
Not yet in the mainstream Argentinean media. It might be a de facto situation but not yet de jure. In any case and even when decriminalization of consumption, specially regarding cannabis might be a good thing, we need to consider the social realities of free-basing in sizable chunks of marginalized population. The problem is so widespread, and destructive that the solution has to be a tad more complex. Decriminalization without further social policies is not enough. Amsterdam and the poor pocket of Buenos Aires province are very different places.
In short, the coast line is stunning, the Atacama is gorgeous, but mainly Santiago is a fantastic city.

Things I liked about Santiago:

1. It is the optimal combination of the European and American model for the city
2. The mass transit system works very well (although very crowded)
3. It has a stunning amount of awesome places around it (the mountains to the east, the ocean to the west, and the lake district to the south)
4. Nearby Valparaiso is an incredible port town with a cool mix of the old and new
5. The people are very well educated in general

The only downside I would argue is that Chile does not have nearly as much cool indigenous stuff as Peru and Bolivia. Also, no rainforest. But in general, I loved being in Santiago.
He should have used SQL sytax:

Decriminalization &lt;&gt; Legalization
Technically true, but that Shimizu girl surely has the face of a guy.

She looks almost like Jet Li.
Supposedly she looked a lot better in the past. I still wish a secret celebrity sex tape invoving them two would show up.
I know what you want. You want me to say "oh yea!" and then send you a pic, but it's not going to happen.
I'm sure the pic is small enough to send as ASCII art ;)
Only when I go swimming at a So Cal beach.
They are not brown, man. The indigenous population was killed or marginalized, the majority are descendants from European immigrants. Make some fucking research before posting.

Summary:
I know what you want.
Things I liked about Santiago:

1.
I live in America and I don't even listen to America.
But in general, I loved being in Santiago.
Decriminalization without further social policies is not enough.
They are really nice people and through them I started paying a lot more attention to Chile.
And look at that coast line.
the U.S is about to bomb them,
1. they are brown
2. don't support war on drugs and 
3. don't support war on terrorism because of #2.
Shit man, I need to get my eyes checked.
If this is true, it is a stunning bit of good news.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
