Original Response:
Yeah, that'll definitely fix it...
Of course, no one can withstand the power of the PENIS!
If anything is done, i bet someone probably america will just throw money at the problem, landing in the hands of corrupt leaders who will then fund more "corrective rapes". Fucking Africa.
what happened to those hellish rape prevention 'inserts'? or just an old fashioned 'revenge rape back with a large rubber penis'?
Some South Africans also still burn witches and rape virgins to cure AIDS. People get their body parts cut off to make muti (magic potions). Babies get raped regularly. Also, when you do get robbed and assaulted (which very likely will happen if you live in places like Johannesburg and Pretoria), it is done with extraordinary cruelty. Last time I was there I had a dagger held to my throat. I made my peace with that hellhole and found me a good scandinavian country.
I'll have to try this when I get home.  Maybe if I anally rape my wife a few times, she'll totally be into anal...
The rule of majority. Comply or die.
I'd be very glad to hear a story of hetrosexual girl fucking a gay boy to correct him.
Because [there is nothing more cool than being anally raped](http://sonicgivesadviceonrape.ytmnd.com/).
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why are they having the World Cup in South Africa in 2010? Seems a poor choice. Although if you compare it to the rest of Africa, it may well be the 'best' nation for hosting such an event.
[deleted]
Pretext!
No, that's not how it works.  You lie that you're a gay boy to get the girls to try to correct you ;)

For the analogous effect for actual gay boys they should claim to be straight but bi curious and get guys to show them the ropes.
Who'd be willing to accept that position (of employment)?
"bi curious"
I never understood how one can be curious about his/her own sex.
&gt; For the analogous effect for actual gay boys they should claim to be straight but bi curious and get guys to show them the ropes.

But you don't need to convince guys to hump you.
vagina dentata.
Ugg. Not another fauxmosexual.
&gt;no one can withstand the power 

Please replace "one" with "woman", I'm starting to get scared.
I swear by Norton.
Just someone that wants to try it all.  It's like never really wanting Indian Food, but then deciding one day that you'll give it a whirl to see what all the fuss is about.  You may never have Indian Food again, but at least you've tried it.
[deleted]
Not that there's anything wrong with Indian food.
I think all food should be respected equally.  I'm just not into Indian Food in particular.  I'm not Indie-foodophobic.  I believe that people should be able to consume Indian Food freely, without persecution.  After all, Indian Food did not choose to be Indian Food.  It's just the way it is.
They prefer the term "corrective surprise sex".
You're doing it wrong.
I live in South Africa and I really, really think you redditors should think very (extremely) carefully before buying tickets. Gays, lesbians, children, babies, women and *yes I know this because it happened to a friend of mine who was stoopid enough to leave his house for a jog* they gang rape men too. Crime is kind of out of control at the moment...
 
http://www.news24.com/News24/South_Africa/News/0,,2-7-1442_2280119,00.html
http://www.worldnetdaily.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=25806
http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/444213
http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,23369907-2703,00.html

...
Not to ask a stupid question but... that doesn't actually work, right?
I forgot how hilarious ytmnd is.
When I was still in High school in Cape Town, South Africa, someone found out that my friend was gay and then made it his 'mission' to convert my friend back to heterosexual by taking him to church and surrounding him with 'beautiful girls' who will possibly seduce him. The more I tried to tell him that he was being unrealistic and stupid, the more he insisted on doing it.
S.A. isn't gonna be NEAR ready when the World Cup arrives. Stadiums aren't good enough and public transport doesn't exist - and those that DO exist...ahem...I strongly recommend NOT to use it. I can already see the headlines go "Masses of tourists murdered/raped/mugged". Good thing we just sold our house in Cape Town (live in UK now), otherwise its value might drop astronomically after the POSSIBLE World Cup disaster.
I live in South Africa too (I'm the submitter of the article) and I really, really think you redditors should think very (extremely) carefully before confusing places like Cape Town with Johannesburg or rural towns.


Crime in the Cape Town CBD, especially the area where the World Cup stadium is being built (which is incidentally about 3 minutes from where I stay), is comparable to most other first world cities.


I don't have the latest stats for the inner city at hand but it looks something like this:
http://capeinfo.co.za/CapeGuide/crime.php


This about sums it up:

&gt;So to answer the question we posed at the start, one can say that the primary tourist areas are relatively safe compared to other cities worldwide
If a gay man raped you, would you turn gay? 

Didn't think so.

This situsation is analogous.
Sorry, but it's too long of a story, and slightly distasteful to me for me to think about.

But these things do happen.  :)
[deleted]
I'm sorry, I just don't eat that way.  But I respect your eating habits.  I feel you should be able to enjoy Naan freely, without persecution.  It just isn't for me, that's all.
[deleted]
&gt;Fueled by widespread belief that sex with virgin cures AIDS

If you are a grown man and you believe that you  and your family should cease to exist because you are a pollution to the worlds' gene pool.
My luck I'd lie and she'd have a male friend that's "just perfect for me"...
So... yes?
Thanks for the info. I'm curious why I was downmodded, but who cares :)


Where can one that is planning to go to South Africa for the World Cup find some good resources on SA?
Banky Edwards: All every woman really wants, be it mother, senator, nun, is some serious deep-dickin'.
uh... gay boys don't have trouble getting other gay boys.  Imagine if women wanted sex as much as men, that's what two gay guys are.
I just don't understand why Indian food needs to be Indian in public where children can see it.
Yeah. Girls who prefer other girls will OBVIOUSLY start preferring guys after being raped. Yep.
Bleh, I sometimes don't get why I'm downmodded either. I just keep my mouth shut most of the time, cuz whatever I say, no matter how witty or relevant, no one gets it.

Anyway...With resources, what specifically? History? Where to stay? Where to go? Truth is, there are loads on the net, but you have to look very far to get it, since South Africa is a bit behind with spreading info on the net. I can try to help, but I need to know specifics? One thing is for sure, your destination is Cape Town. The other cities won't compare.
I don't see anything wrong with it myself.  And  it isn't like it is going to turn a child onto Indian Food when they get older.  All it will show them is that Indian Food can be perfectly acceptable as a part of their diet, and that they should not feel ashamed if they happen to like Indian Food.  

I think we should all be a little more tolerant of our diverse food pyramid.
AntiVirus?
what the fck
could people please TRY to stop being terrible?
I'm not sure where I'm going yet (depends on where the US soccer team is playing, assuming they qualify).


What should someone know to be safe is primarily what I was curious about.
That's nowhere near as bad as this, if that were the standard then you could expect boys pretending to be gay to get seduced.
Only gypsy tears will protect you from AIDS.
Well, like in any other city, try to blend in. Don't look like a tourist, don't smell like a tourist and don't act like a tourist. No backpacks (if so, carry at own risk, but NOT on your back). Don't carry valuables on you. Wear your wallet in your pocket and don't go to silent areas in the middle of the night. But don't worry too much. Seriously. It's not as bad as they make it out to be. Just be cautious and keep yourself safe like you would do in ANY other city in the world.  When in Johannesburg, be EXTRA safe. But even if US plays in Jo'burg, make a stop in Cape Town. You haven't seen South Africa if you haven't seen Cape Town. A return flight ticket to Cape Town from Jo'burg can go as low as $70 with 1Time airways, but at that time of the year, I doubt the price OR availability will be the same. If you need anything else, lemme know.
Thanks you rock. So essentially it's no different than going to Rome/Berlin/Paris and accidentally staying in a shitty area.
Exactly. Just keep in mind that South Africa has a very high crime rate and that there's a reason why why they say it. But like I said, if you are in any normal situation, it's not too different from what you'd find in any other city.

Summary:
I don't see anything wrong with it myself.
Don't look like a tourist, don't smell like a tourist and don't act like a tourist.
I'm just not into Indian Food in particular.
I'm sorry, I just don't eat that way.
I think all food should be respected equally.
Not that there's anything wrong with Indian food.
But these things do happen.
I'll have to try this when I get home.
Just someone that wants to try it all.
After all, Indian Food did not choose to be Indian Food.
uh... gay boys don't have trouble getting other gay boys.
You haven't seen South Africa if you haven't seen Cape Town.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
