Original Response:
here's the video - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdnAaQ0n5-8
[deleted]
That time was when media networks weren't owned by corporations who have ties with governments.
Remember Clark Kent?  Not his alter ego, but the mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper, who would doggedly chase after a story no matter the cost, just to get to the truth?  The pop-culture paragon of what a reporter should be?

There are no more Clark Kents.  Welcome to the neocon future filled with Chris Wallaces and Charlie Gibsons.  I appreciate what the comedians in the article did, but if comedians are all we got for truth-seekers, we're in deep trouble.
*"Land of the capital, home of the owner."*?

Sad... :(
It's not a conspiracy that CNN, ABC, and FOX are owned by companies who make money off war.

It's a fact.
Plus, the elite are still human. Just as I might watch a neighbors dog when he's away, or take their kids after school for an hour, the elite watch out for each other. The stakes are just much higher.

They attended the same schools, live in the same places, vacation in the same spots, and eat at the same restaurants. 

I guess that's why no one took to Jimmy Carter, he was an outsider. Even Nixon was sort of an outsider.
Clark Kent has the unique trait of being able to handle most threats against himself and his family.  No one quite knows how he does it, but it's one of the keys to his success as a journalist.
OK, but WTF is this blog referencing?

I never thought I'd be one of the many screaming "CONTEXT PLEASE!" but the most I was able to find was a broken video linked from this blog post.
http://www.abc.net.au/unleashed/stories/s2231962.htm

the article/video in question is here: http://botlbrush.com/blog/?p=201
[Context from Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Chaser_APEC_pranks#Breach_of_APEC_restricted_zone)
in all seriousness... those words are quite true. Now I dont feel so bad that I get all my TV news from comedy central.
I think it is good that these guys weren't prosecuted, but I don't really understand how sneaking through security calls attention to the fact that the security is unnecessary.  If anything, it seems like it would indicate the opposite.
They proved that security was a joke by driving a car past several layers of "security" right up to the hotel where GWB was staying.

The fact that security was a joke and nothing happened means that there was no threat.
Journalists set the status quo.  They aren't just assholes with jobs like you and me.
Link? Another example of reddit group-think.  Don your tinfoil hats, WAKE UP SHEEPLE, I bet you think 9/11 was an inside job, etcetera

Listen to what the mass media says.  Why would they want to kill their viewers with war? that doesn't make any sense. I'm sure they will do the right thing, why should I trust some documented facts when they completely shift my world view and show everything I know is wrong?  I'm quite comfortable in my suburban/consumerist life.  Quit stirring the bees nest.  

You silly truthers are never going to find the truth, just more questions.  If you just accept what they tell you then there's no more questions!  What could possibly go wrong?
Oh yeah? And what period of history was this exactly?
you redditors are hilarious. You live in some sort of made-up fable of a world, a fictitious world all of your own, one where the Founding Fathers were saints, where journalists used to be heroes, and where America used to be a democracy.

And, oh, but OF COURSE, according to your strange little world view, now everything is going to heck in a handbasket. And, oh, but OF COURSE, we must now courageously fight to get back to How It Used To Be, to the Golden Age Of The American Republic, back to the Good Old Days when the journalists were heroes that fought for Truth and Right and Justice and Democracy (along with the Founding Fathers, natch...)

Look, here is the reality of it: major media outlets and their reporters have ALWAYS been on the side of the rich and powerful and the corrupt. And let me tell you something from someone who has worked in the belly of the mass media beast--reporters are airheads. Always have been, always will be. Reporters are ignorant--ALL of them. I know. I used to work with them.
It's called [The Fairness Doctrine](http://bsalert.com/news/354/A_Primer_On_The_Fairness_Doctrine_How_We_Screwed_Up.html).
The bear-patrol must be working like a charm.
Where's the documented fact?
[deleted]
Kill their viewers? ... Indeed that doesn't make any sense...
You would think that, every time somebody threatens Clark Kent or tries something and Superman deals with them, the bad guys would see a connection. Oh, they probably did, but in that era they simply couldn't come to terms with their theory that Superman was his gay lover, so they pretended it never happened and got their asses kicked time and time again.

And now you all know that Kryptonite is a metaphor for the gay rights movement. Bet you never saw that coming.
I'm not sure most of the people calling themselves "journalists" really fit the bill any more. I'd describe them more as reporters. They just read what's put in front of them and "investigate" what they're paid to. They're unscrupulous pussies. It sucks.

There are still real journalists, I think, though they're much rarer than they need to be. I mean, Jon Stewart has to get his material somewhere.
Before newspaper companies and media networks existed.
&gt;reporters are airheads. Always have been, always will be. Reporters are ignorant--ALL of them. I know. I used to work with them.

It's easy enough to go around toting strawmen like an ignoramus, but this last statement... The mere fact that I know journalists who are not ignorant informs me that you're speaking bullshit.

&gt;from someone who has worked in the belly of the mass media beast

Where and when?
Up until the late 70s, where journalism was a serious profession that had the duty of inform, rather than entertain, much like today.
You will stop talking now. 

I have decided that is fair.
"major media outlets and their reporters have ALWAYS been on the side of the rich and powerful and the corrupt."

False - 100 years before a massive media consolidation started to happen, this was not the case.
Anybody here actually LIKE airplane food?
bullSHIT. As I said before, in the post of mine to which you responded, major media outlets and their reporters have ALWAYS been on the side of the rich and powerful and the corrupt. Period. There have ALWAYS been journalists working for major media outlets in America, almost from the beginning. And they have always been in the pocket of the rich and powerful.

Tell you what, as between you and me, one of us has many files containing copies or images of old old newspapers and political cartoons from newspapers and pamphlets ranging back into the 1700s. 

One of the two of us has those files, and one of the two of us has done years of research on historical documents, leading to the possession of those files and the knowledge drawn therefore. And one of the two of us is knowledgeable and other is ignorant.


I will let onlookers gauge which of us is which.
Wait. That was sarcasm, right?
I'm playing devils advocate here, but mass media has a plenty to gain from war. Take TV news - their lifeblood is advertising time, which they can only sell with a large number of viewers. To TV news, a (foreign) war is the ultimate money-maker: viewers will keep the TVs on 24x7, they'll have plenty of fodder for stories, advertising revenue will increase, everyone gets paid. They're not going to "kill their viewers" because the war is being fought in some random corner of the world that nobody would give a shit about otherwise. 

Now, I'm not saying there's some mass media conspiracy to keep the war going, or even start new ones - I leave these conclusions up to you. What is clear, however, is that mass media profits from a war - and really any kind of disorder and destruction. Some lame story about a cat stuck up in a tree isn't going to generate ad revenue. A story about a mass murderer or a bombing will.  


EDIT: Oh, hello sarcasm, I didn't see you there.
I always appreciated airplane meals... when they served it. Can't get more than peanuts or pretzels now though. Even on long flights.
Read the bit under "yellow journalism" on [this page](http://www.smplanet.com/imperialism/remember.html).  I think you're going to need to put a *lower* bound on "journalism as a serious profession", at least.
The media exposed the sheer incompetence of Government? Please tell me we're thinking of the same history here. What part of "Yellow Journalism" did you not understand in your History classes? The part where the media pushed America into the Spanish-American war due to a lack of evidence checking, or the part where they put out anti-Chinese ads hurting the leftover Chinese rail workers in California? Perhaps you do not remember the treatment of the media towards the "Great War" in Europe and the massive amount of propaganda involved?

When you talk about the media exposing the Government, in US History, I can only think of a handful of occasions. The muckrackers during the Progressive Era (circa Theodore Roosevelt) who shed light on the gross lack of regulation upon business, and the Vietnam-era coverage that checked America's stomping into Vietnam. Yay Reddit group-think.
When was that exactly?  Hearst's incitement of the Spanish-American war was in the 1890s, after all.  Go back much further and there aren't any printing presses... :)
Journalists are like politicians now a days! Corrupt as a lot and too difficult to pin point individually
Ooh, the "I have secret knowlege" argument!  Care to share?  Post your files on the web, please.  Or link to your published research.
The theory is that war *attracts* viewers, which is kind of the point.  Imagine if the war in Iraq suddenly stopped.  Total ratings carnage.  Quick, find a Hispanic celebrity to murder a white woman!
no
Basically all that did is make me imagine Clark Kent sodomizing Superman with a Kryptonite dildo.
Most like 95% , a hundred years ago. Hearst's has always been bad.
I guess that's why we hear about it all the time.
yeah, sure, as soon as you perform analingus on me, twerp....
And the original from the Chaser's ABC website can be seen here:

http://www.abc.net.au/tv/chaser/war/video/default.htm

Pretty funny, really. Much better than the gasbag original link (and the gasbag comments about it).
Yeah.  IOW, you're bullshitting.

"Years of research" yet you're reduced, in your presumably twilight years, to ranting on reddit about it instead of simply pointing to it.
Let me sum it up:

America is based on Democracy, the Constitution, and Law &amp; Order. The founding fathers set forth these basic guidelines. These basic ideas and guidelines were the foundation for the most powerful nation in the entire world.

Corporatism is ok, so long as Democracy, the Constitution, and the laws are not broken.

In general - it's cool to make money, but provide a product or service that people need.

Now... when corporate America takes over the government, when the legal system is raped, and when corporate America can do whatever the hell they want - Democracy is lost, the Constitution is ignored, the laws are forsaken.

This is the current condition of America. It's not disputable. This is where we are.

Greed and corruption have killed America.

As for journalists - it's all about the money now. It's no longer about providing a service or product that the American people need. It's about sophisticated marketing and control in order to make a profit - against the basic foundations of this nation. The FCC was supposed to control who could or could not be a News organization, and what that entailed. The FCC is now absent - they work for the coporate media now.

The entire government works for corporate America now - because that's where the money is. 

No, it wasn't always this way. Reporters used to report the news. The FCC used to mandate what News agencies could broadcast on our airwaves. And people, for the most part, used to be good.
Except that all the other press piled on the Spanish-American war story because Hearst was doing it.  They did it for the ratings, basically.  All you need is the profit motive to destroy journalism, and that's been there almost from the beginning.
[deleted]
When was the last time people were angry in this country?  I mean REALLY angry?.  I mean the kind of anger that spills blood?  Vietnam?

Why is anger supressed in this country?  We are giving each other valium and Lexapro, Zoloft and Welbutrin to calm us into a false sense of security.  Cost of energy is going up.  Hey look at that.  the cost of food is causing riots in other countries.  Have you seen the latest Hanna Montana pictures?

Are we afraid to deal with what government will do to us if we voice out our opinions?  And why aren't we doing so?  Because we are not.

Why isn't any of the major networks showing flag draped coffins of soilders as they come home, if they DO come home?  Why isn't anyone declaring that Un-American?  

We shouldfigure out a way to make our SUV's run on the blood of Iraqi's.  I think, ounce for ounce, it'd be a much cheaper way to go.

If anyone in the MSM expects me to pay any attention to them, they're wrong.  Nearly all of my sources are now overseas news outlets.
Ok, now THAT was sarcasm. Right?
They were angry because the truth was being shown on television every night. The solution was to stop showing Americans reality. 

Now Americans are handled with effective PR. They're taken out of the equation of governance by the science of Public Relations.

You're all superfluous.
noOOoo, of coarse not ;) \*winky face\* NOT

seriously though I need a device that shocks me when ever I'm sarcastic.
&gt;They were angry because the truth was being shown on television every night. The solution was to stop showing Americans reality.

Exactly. The reason nobody is angry is because we're seeing Honnah Montana instead of footage from reporters in Iraq.

Reporters are banned from taking pictures/video in Iraq. Military personnel are banned from blogging from Iraq.

See? Problem solved. People aren't angry because they don't know.
Please un-downmod him, sarcasm is a dagger's edge, and sometimes you slip.
Upmodded for remembering yellow journalism. FYI for irony, Helen Thomas works for Hearst Media.
That's why I always carry my rock.
[deleted]
Who cares about a stupid war.  Look!  I've got an Ipod.
Greatest barrel of motherfuckers ever?
American reporters? Because read some foreign news some time. La Monde was good a while ago, haven't checked lately, and the Economist was decent for some things if you didn't mind the conservative angle, but it seems to have gone hill.

What really killed everything was AP and Reuters taking over as the media channels for most newspapers. Competition with the Post was what broke Watergate, one break helped the other, and finally it split wide open. With 2 large, but non-competitive wire services in charge of all media, yeah of course nothing gets out there, especially with papers cherry picking what they want to print based on their own prejudices.
No, no, no.  God, people, be clear about what you're saying.  Disney Corporation, Hannah Montana, this is not the problem, at all.  Unless your parents are watching Hannah for news.

The problem is that the most prominent generation right now, the baby boomers, they vote more, there are more of them, THEY believe in the all these myths about America.  That the terrorists hate us, that people who don't "love America" are somehow in the wrong; these people equate harsh facts with a lack of patriotism.  They're not ready to hear the truth because they've been indoctrinated by the news media. Fox, CNN, you want the ultimate testament to what I'm talking about?

The reaction toward Reverend Wright equating what this country does to terrorism.  

Hahaha,of course Obama had to distance himself.  The electorate CAN'T even consider that the Reverend may be on to something [and yes he's crazy about some things, but that distinction is never made].  That's how discourse works in this country.  It's directed for and by corporations.  The government isn't evil, it's just the media's whore.  And the media belongs to its advertisers ie corporations.

Chomsky put it this way, what the media reports may have a "liberal" bias, but it never questions the institutions or corporations directly.  Just recently O'Reilly said we didn't "invade" Iraq.  How can he get away with that?  Americans don't invade, we intervene.  Remember Vietnam?  It wasn't American aggression! At least, in our news media it wasn't.  Everywhere else, no shit it was American aggression.  Almost every war and conflict is reframed perfectly and in an Orwellian manner.  You do this enough, and Chomsky-esque debate is impossible; it's like speaking a different language.  That's what we're now faced with.

The United States goes in to a country and kills 10,000 people for the purpose of our economic interests.  We change the story around and say that it had to do with preventing a bad dictator from taking office.  And then, those deaths now become "collateral damage."  

Americans buy it.  

People are ready to jump all around and blame whatever they want.  It's got nothing to do with iPods or Disney, people.  

If you ask me, there's two problems.  One, many liberals make outrageous claims and this turns people off to them.  Yes, conservatives do this too, but by definition, conservatism is stick with the status quo, so it doesn't much matter.  At worst, they are rejected and things stay as they are.

The second problem is shoddy journalism on the internet and entire movements dedicated to ignorant and poorly supported purposes.  What comes to mind?  9/11 Truth.  These morons have polarized the debate so much that there's no middle ground to just say "hey, I think the government may have had foreknowledge!"  "FUCK YOU BUSH TOOK DOWN THE TOWERS AND NO PLANE HIT THE PENTAGON." 

Well, there that goes.  Coherency has left the building.  

I think if you look at Vietnam, it was largely a youth movement.  And I think that's what we have to do today.  Get informed, and spread the word.  Otherwise, nothing will change.
The Fairness doctrine would dictate that you would have a chance to have your voice heard, if you so desired.  That's what it was all about.  And that's why before Reagan veto'd the Fairness Doctrine, news media was more responsible.
Journalists do what their bosses tell them.
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;Clark Kent has the unique trait of being able to handle most threats against himself and his family.

Being invincible also helps.
I see it as the general population being too naive to think that America would be committing such horrendous crimes. Have you seen some of the people that still support Bush and his government?
elite cretons are making money off of innocent babies blood being spilled. it needs to come to an end
fapfapfap
Journalists don't have to expose incompetence. The government does that all by themselves.
&gt;Why is anger supressed in this country?

who says it's supressed? we're busy working, taking care of our families, and trying to get by in general. plus the majority (if not all) of the burden of the war is being carried by military families, which is unfair but still a fact of life. remember a big difference between then and now and there was a draft back then.
There is a link but he missed it. GE owns NBC and sells lots of arms parts and depleted uranium.
Good point, if they started the draft right now it would get ugly real quick.
Correction - the baby boomers are entering retirement. They want to see their retirement benefits looked after. Republicans generally look after wealth, Democrats generally give it to the poor.

Just a small nitpick, but since you mentioned the baby boomers, this is the most important aspect.

As for the topic - it's about money. Shrewd businessmen making as much money as possible no matter the cost. They feel no responsibility to the public because over the years the public has proven to be dumb and will buy anything from anybody.
Pfft. That's a different claim entirely.

There has never been a time when "media networks weren't owned by corporations who have ties with governments."

i think your new claim refers to a non-existent golden age also - speaking as someone who lived through the 70s.

Summary:
Always have been, always will be.
The government does that all by themselves.
That's what it was all about.
I used to work with them.
And I think that's what we have to do today.
The entire government works for corporate America now - because that's where the money is.
Reporters used to report the news.
And people, for the most part, used to be good.
And why aren't we doing so?
There have ALWAYS been journalists working for major media outlets in America, almost from the beginning.
Why would they want to kill their viewers with war?
"major media outlets and their reporters have ALWAYS been on the side of the rich and powerful and the corrupt."
People aren't angry because they don't know.
That time was when media networks weren't owned by corporations who have ties with governments.
I guess that's why we hear about it all the time.
There are no more Clark Kents.
There has never been a time when "media networks weren't owned by corporations who have ties with governments."
As for journalists - it's all about the money now.
That's why I always carry my rock.
There are still real journalists, I think, though they're much rarer than they need to be.
The mere fact that I know journalists who are not ignorant informs me that you're speaking bullshit.
The media exposed the sheer incompetence of Government?
Please tell me we're thinking of the same history here.
That's how discourse works in this country.
Hearst's has always been bad.
Ok, now THAT was sarcasm.
And one of the two of us is knowledgeable and other is ignorant.
When was the last time people were angry in this country?
The government isn't evil, it's just the media's whore.
The solution was to stop showing Americans reality.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.20
