Original Response:
"The loss of American jobs, and more horrible deaths for more horses."

not too many average americans would be willing to work such a bloody, thankless job.  It is about equivalent to being the person who kills dogs and cats at the pound, only without the jam up benefits.

There are horses that are hauled to Canada and Mexico for slaughter.  A lot of them.  There are horse feedlots in Montana, where skinny horses are fed up just south of the Canadian border, so they are only a short shipping distance from the plant.

But I still support a no slaughter policy, because as someone who was active in the horse trade, I know that it wasn't the old horses or the crippled horses that mostly went for slaughter.  Most of the horses that went for slaughter did so - because they were far more valuable by the pound than they were as back yard horses.  And those fat number 1s is what the plants were after.  

How many times have you gone to the store for a steak and picked out one with nearly no meat near the bone?  The people who eat horse meat are the same, looking for big, meaty pieces.  Often horses that were crippled had been dosed with medicines that made the meat not safe for human consumption for long periods of time - and I recall numerous occasions where the plants had shut down due to the safety of the meat for being eaten, and often because a horse had been dosed with something shortly prior to it's death, and made someone in the world sick.
&gt; But I still support a no slaughter policy, because as someone who was active in the horse trade, I know that it wasn't the old horses or the crippled horses that mostly went for slaughter.
In what way has the number of horses being slaughtered changed because of this policy, though?
quite a few.  I am currently in NM, and the bottom has dropped out of horses.  That is due to people not wanting to incur the cost of shipping.  I would guess that only one tenth of the horses previously shipped from this territory are still going for slaughter.

Here, most of the meat shippers ship to Canada, despite Mexico being closer.  I suspect that is because Canadian markets can export more meat, due to slaughter practices (such as cleanliness and safety of product).  In this territory back in the 80s and 90s, a single shipper would ship more than 1000 horses a week to the dallas crown and bel-tex plants.  At that time, any fat horse would bring right in the neighborhood of a thousand dollar a head at auction.  Skinny horses would only bring a few hundred.  

Currently, many fat horses only bring around 500 in the spring, and 300 in the fall.  Skinny horses are only bringing in the 50-60 range.  The need to feed them through the winter is influencing prices a lot too.  But to have to go through the cost of health certificates, moving the horses up north for slaughter has saved many horses' lives.  Especially the fuel portion of it.  But it isn't just that.  It isn't as though Canada will just slaughter an unlimited number of horses, or everything everyone can get up to them.  The PMU farms there generally will put about a years growth on the draft horse foals they raise, and slaughter them.  With only 6 months on solid feeds, the babies are as big as light horses, and what is considered a good slaughter size.

The whole thing where they are saying that crippled horses go for slaughter is for the most part myth, though.  I had seen an own daughter of joker b (big name appaloosa in the 70s and 80s) get on the truck to the plant.  I had seen loads that were made up of more registered horses than grade horses.  Because people took better care of the registered horses, where many grade horses were allowed to get thin.  Roping horses, 4-h horses, people's personal pets, just every cared for horse - the fat ones were the ones that were most prized for meat.

I was reading a book the other day, and I think I know what the people mentioned in the article  you had linked were trying to do.  It spoke of how in the old days, if a horse was fatally injured at a show or a race where there were a lot of people in attendance - and they didn't want to shoot in in front of everyone, to find a clean looking form of death for the horse.  It mentioned putting one's arm up the horses rectum, and cutting the main veins that ran along the horse's spine, and that the blood would be contained mostly within the abdominal cavity.  I wonder if they are trying to accomplish something similar.

I had originally gotten my start by trading foals, and as I grew to be friends with the meat shippers, they would often let me take a skinny mare with a foal on her side, feed her out while the baby had a chance to mature, and when I sold the baby, they would take the mare back.  Sometimes if I was lucky, I could find a buyer for the mama who would pay more than the meat rates, and they could just pay the guys who would have shipped the mama for meat instead. Because I was just a teen at the time, I couldn't afford the larger, more expensive horses.  So I often would buy starved out horses, fatten them up and sell them to homes.

I still dabble in horse rescue and an equivalent of horse hospice.  I buy starved out horses, and fatten them up, but I no longer sell them.  I either keep them or will give them to homes that can provide long time references as to how they properly care for their animals.  Many people will get a horse and care for it for a little while, and then lose interest and neglect it after that.  So I only give them to people who have had horses continually for a few years at least, and have never neglected the animals.  I get a few that are in so much pain, that they can't eat - which is why they are skinny when I bring them home.  Those I try to treat by vet or chiropractor, and if we can't find anything to get them out of pain, we give them a small happy time (all the food, all the attention and love), and then we euthanize them.  Mainly because I feel that after a lifetime of service, we owe them as painless a death as possible.  But I have picked up starving horses for as low as $35. in the past year.  I bought one horse that had been to world (aqha) 6 times, placed top 5 two times, and has 185 pts for $525.  He was only 8 when I bought him.  I also got a papered paint mare in foal for $500.  Just to give you an idea of availability of the horses right now. These horses wouldn't be available at that kind of price if horses were still going to slaughter in large numbers.
Swiss, at least in the French-speaking part, are huge fans of horse meat. There are even butchers who only specialize in horses. A lot of it seems to come from Canada, and indirectly from the States.

Many Americans seem disturbed by this when I mention it. I find it rather hypocritical. Why are horses so much more special than cows, or sheep? Wouldn't it just make more sense to be disturbed by any sort of meat? Just don't eat meat, it isn't like you need it.

Summary:
Skinny horses would only bring a few hundred.
I would guess that only one tenth of the horses previously shipped from this territory are still going for slaughter.
There are horses that are hauled to Canada and Mexico for slaughter.
So I often would buy starved out horses, fatten them up and sell them to homes.
Many Americans seem disturbed by this when I mention it.
But it isn't just that.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
