Original Response:
More and more people are realizing that the United States Government are the real terrorists!

United States Government are terrorists, war criminals, and horrific liars.

9-11 was an inside job! What happened to building 7?

Depleted uranium is a weapon of mass destruction!

Play Wall Street like a PONZI SCHEME!
Am I the only one bothered by the upside American flag with a nazi symbol on it?  If you want to protest George Bush and the decisions he has made then fine, I'm all for that.  However turning the American flag upside down and putting a swastika on it spits on everything the flag stands for and for the 10's of thousands of people who have died under the banner.
Maybe its just my inner boyscout, but the disrespect of the American flag bothers me the most.
[deleted]
That's the only bush I like as well.
O RLY?
I saw the protest live, it was a failure - 200 people at most, more people came to see Bush give a speech.

[more pictures](http://www.jutarnji.hr/galerija?galleryId=95)
Isn't it great how schools around the area were actually closed because of Bush's visit, while nobody except the ass-kissing politicians really gave a fuck.
But anyways, very nice pics. "BUŠ POPUŠIL" was funny. ;)
It's ironic they see America as Nazi's given the US helped destroy it and Croatia tried to help it. 

Such is the power of self-denial.
Nurse!!!
Tell me, why do you feel that Croatians have to respect the US flag?
Funny you mention it, because back then it also was more of a corrupt politicians' decision then the normal people. Only, there was no Internet back then and people's opinions were mostly shared among friends, in bars and on the streets.
Why do they hate our freedom?
Yes, the country was a puppet state in WWII, but its worth noting that they did something no other European country did, they liberated themselves from the inside.
Nicely done, didn't think the Croats had it in them.
You shouldn't care about the symbol, you should care about the values.
Germany voted Hitler in.
Well, you know, the Yugoslav partisans did.
LOL, kettle: meet black! 

Seriously, that was a sarcastic protest, right?  Croatia blaming someone else for war atrocities?!  LOL!!!!!! Ahem, does ethnic cleansing ring any bells?  You know, like possibly &gt;50 years of it?
That would be, *some Croatians* protest; not, *Croatia protests*.

http://reddit.com/info/6ep0h/comments/c03mxyy
[deleted]
americans never died for "freedom" "democracy" or any of the other pretty words you dumb sheep went to war for. you died for corporations, for the rich to stay rich and to steal other peoples resources. okay? and these people who commit these crimes are WHITE.
[deleted]
Not exactly. Hitler was *appointed* Chancellor by Hindenburg; the National Socialists were not a majority party at the time (though they were the largest single party). Following the Reichstag fire, Hitler turned Germany into a 1-party state.

So it's not quite true to say that Germany voted Hitler in, is it?
Just to complement your observation, normal people [did respond](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Partisans_%28Yugoslavia%29) to the corrupt politicians decisions.
&gt; Am I the only one bothered by the upside American flag with a nazi symbol on it?

That's freedom of speech. It's not a real flag anyway - desecrating a flag is a criminal offense here. It's a crude representation the protester made himself, no different from any banner decrying fascism in America.
yeah wasn't that what the wild west was about?
maybe the Nazi symbols were inappropriate, but you can't just blame G.W. Bush for everything the rest of your country does when everyone hates your country. It's to easy to make G.W. a scapegoat and then act like it's still the great great America everyone should love
It was still better than nothing. And it shows that people don't shy away from comparing Bush to Hitler.

I think a better comparison would be the United States now to Germany around the time World War II started. But at least they recognize that we're in dire straits.
And who were Yugoslavs?
[deleted]
[See also](http://www.google.hr/search?q=bush+stole+elections)
The conduct of the Florida ballot was settled by the independent SCOTUS. Bush hasn't set fire to the Capitol or declared  the US to be a one-party state.

Aside from that your analogy between Bush and Hitler is juvenile and deeply offensive.

Go away.
People from Yugoslavia.
all 200 of them do apparently.
WAKE UP SHEEPLE
[On my way out.](http://www.dissidentvoice.org/Articles3/Jayne_Hitler-Bush.htm)
America isn't the same as U.S., right?

You can't expect people to like you because your ancestors did something nice. They are not you. You should expect to be valued by your own actions and not someone elses. Is that really ironic?
what

Hitler was extremely popular at the time the war started, Bush is our least popular president since we started measuring.

Also in 1939 Parliament was destroyed and Hitler had sole legislative power for 6 years and all other political parties were illegalized.

And Germany during the Hitler years had one of the greatest economic booms ever.  

Comparing Bush to Hitler just makes you look spoiled and ignorant
kretenu
America, yes America fought and helped defeat the Nazis. Croatia helped them.

Croatians also participated in disgusting actions in the 90's against Serbs and Bosnians.

I don't think that country can lecture anyone.  Nor you. :)
It's not a good *details-based* comparison. But there are other ways to compare two things. And I was aware of everything you mentioned. You seem to get off on insulting people.

It's getting to be a reasonable comparison to make if we're talking about how much of a threat each posed to freedom and peace in the world. Bush is already arguably as bad or worse than Nixon, and his influence isn't over yet. It's hard to catch up to Hitler, but if they start a war with Iran, who knows how far this can go?

I said, though, that a *better comparison* would be the American people to the German people. Sorta implies that I don't think that Bush/Hitler are that comparable, doesn't it? An oppressive regime is thriving because of the nationalism, ignorance, and ability to be controlled through the media of the masses.
True but not true. 

True that the Croatian Partisans liberated Croatia by themselves, although with significant support from the Allies. By the latter stages of the war, the Croatian Partisans were made up of roughly 2/3 Croats and a little over 1/4 ethnic Serbs. Serbia, on the other hand, had to rely on Mother Russia to do its liberating for them. 

But not true that Croatia were the only ones that liberated themselves "from the inside": Albania did that. And they had the best record by far on protecting its Jewish population. Of course, Albania received arms from the Allies, received some assistance from Yugoslav partisans, and the Nazis were partly forced out of Albania due to military losses elsewhere. Truth is always messy.
No you lying and/or ignorant scumbag: some Croats helped the Nazis (Ustasha), and some Croats fought the Nazis (Partisans), just as some Serbs helped the Nazis (Chetniks sometimes, Serbian government collaborationist forces), and some Serbs fought the Nazis (Partisans). As for disgusting actions in the 1990's, anything disgusting the Croats did was in response to and/or dwarfed by what the Serbs did. The main dynamic in the 1990's in the former Yugoslavia was Greater Serbia. When that was stopped, the wars ended.
What the fuck are you talking about you ignorant twit? "&gt;50 years" of ethnic cleansing? Not even the worst Croatophobe would accuse them of that.
Fuck off.
"The complex was run by the fascist Ustasha, the Croatian nationalist regime allied to the Nazis. Up to 100,000 people died there. The numbers are small compared to the million or more who died at Auschwitz, but at Jasenovac they never managed to turn killing into an industrial process. 

Instead the Croatian camp's inmates were killed individually - shot, bludgeoned or hacked to death, their bodies buried or simply dumped in the nearby Sava River. 

Some inmates, especially children, were shackled and put into boats on the river - the boats were then overturned."

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/programmes/from_our_own_correspondent/1673249.stm

Of course not all Croats helped the Nazis but only a liar would deny it.

http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/sport/football/article66475.ece

Disgusting.
Why should they protest? Bush doesn't back down or compromise when that dictator Putin whines about NATO threatening Russia by admitting Balkan countries and making overtures to Georgia and Ukraine. Unfortunately, other NATO members do. Bush is a better European than Sarkozy or Merkel or Brown.
You stupid nut. Do you even know how to fucking read? I said in my post that some Croats, i.e. the Ustasha, helped the Nazis. They were a bunch of genocidal maniacs. Where have I denied it?

You are the one who denies certain aspects of WWII by using the simple formula "America fought the Nazis, Croatia helped them." Croats made up 2/3 of the most successful WWII national liberation force in Yugoslavia or Europe for that matter: the Partisans of Croatia (*). A little over 1/4 were ethnic Serbs.

And linking to some racist soccer fans does what exactly? Show me a country in Europe without racist soccer fans. Idiot.

(*) OK, perhaps that title should go to Albania.
"They were a bunch of genocidal maniacs."

Yip
&gt; Yip

I'd stick with such monosyllabic responses, because they are more appropriate for the moronic level of your brain.
I'm sorry, in what post did I lie? Everything I said was true. 

I am sorry for being disgusted by the holocaust comitted by hundreds of thousands of Croatians. If you wish to attack someone because of that be my guest.

Of-course not all Croatians helped, but more than a few did. Can you give me the Croatian apology?

As for the pathetic defence that the Serbs were worse - so what? I wasn't talking about them. Does their barbarism justify Croatia's? I was talking about modern Croatians killing innocents again. Where is that apology?

As for your aggressive attitude. I wonder where that comes from eh?
You lied by omission, making it sound as if all Croats had supported Nazis. Which Croats? Which Croatia? In fact, the Croats were deeply divided during WWII, between various groups, not just Ustasha and Partisan.

The Serbs were not quite as bad overall as the Croats during WWII. I did not say the Serbs were worse during WWII. The Ustasha regime is a shameful blight on Croatian history. But modern Croatia recognises this, that's why they have a Jasenovac memorial, for example.

Moving on to modern history, that is, 1990's. Sorry, but you are wrong. The aggressor was Serbia, specifically those who supported the Greater Serbia ideology. They started the ethnic cleansing, they were the only ones whose actions can be described as genocidal in that war. 

Just because their victims fought back, and committed some war crimes, does not mean you can justify European impotence or tacit support of Belgrade by equalising the victims with the aggressors. How convenient for you. 

As for apologies, none necessary, because they have been made. Croatia suffered much punishment during the latter stages of and after WWII for the actions of the Pavelic regime. And as for the modern war, they have handed all their accused war criminals to the Hague court, while Serbia has not. 

So, what is this "self-denial" you are talking about? Oh, Croats are Nazis and they are calling Bush Nazi. How ironic! My "aggressive attitude", where does that come from eh? It must be because I am a Croat, genetically Nazi. 

Fuck off.
"You lied by omission."

HoHo. Nice one. So I have produced no lies then on here. Who are you defending then?

"As for apologies, none necessary..."

Oh really? Another good one.

"It must be because I am a Croat, genetically Nazi..."

No, not at all. Although if you think back to the point ORIGINALLY made, I didn't say al Croatians are bad or evil - merely it was extremely ironic for lefty Croatians with their (and you admit this too) horrific and barbaric Nazi past and present to label others Nazis.

Especially as the ones they are calling Nazis helped destroy it. To me, that could only be done through ignorance of their own history or self-denial. Otherwise it would be too embarassing if you knew the truth.

Do you know you have not a single post you have made has not been aggressive and idiotic. You could easily have brought me on-board - informed me of the nuances - but you always wanted to attack. You wanted to dominate by aggression and not by dialogue.

Interesting.
I've counted about 300 (from the vantage point where I took those photos), which was about 1/3 of the mass that was there. I'd say about a 1000 people. The media say otherwise.
"Lefty Croatians with their horrific past"? So that means no one can protest Bush and call him a Nazi? After all, almost every country has a horrific past involving awful crimes. No countries with Nazi collaboration regimes can protest Bush? That rules out quite a large section of Europe.

These "lefty" Croats have nothing to do with past criminals, they are anti-fascist anyway, and they have every right to protest Bush and call him a Nazi. Their reasons may be wrong, but that is a political question, not a moral one. 

There is nothing ironic about their protests, unless you wish to brand every Croat in WWII a Nazi.

&gt; Do you know you have not a single post you have made has not been aggressive and idiotic. You could easily have brought me on-board - informed me of the nuances - but you always wanted to attack. You wanted to dominate by aggression and not by dialogue.
&gt;
&gt; Interesting.

So you are more interested in my attitude than the truth? I could have "brought you on board"? So you would rather be seduced by nice words, than have your mind changed through logic and truth? That's not very interesting.
I had written out a detailed response but I have deleted it. I cannot be bothered with a keyboard warrior who does not understand the irony of Croatians calling democratic America Nazis.

I do sympathise though. It must be hard to live with such a past and it must feel better to pretend everyone else is/was as bad.

It's called projection.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychological_projection
I do not need to pretend. I read history; I do not argue from ignorance. Almost everyone else was as bad at some point in their history. I did not say that during WWII everyone else was as bad as the Ustasha regime. They were among the worst in WWII. But that is only one component of Croatian history; there are many other components, many of which are positive and good, even during WWII. Just as, for example, the horrifyingly brutal actions of British colonialism is only one component of that rich and interesting nation's history. Just as the genocide of the Plains Indians in the USA is but one component of a multi-faceted American history with plenty examples of good things. 

There is nothing ironic about modern-day Croats calling Bush a Nazi unless you believe that all Croats are Nazis. It would be like me saying, "isn't it ironic how those young Britons are protesting the Iraq War, when it was their own country that contributed so greatly to the current mess in that country, during the period of British colonial expansion?" The extremely tenuous link between those young Britons or young Croats, and the murderous regimes that briefly ruled their countries in the past is obviously lost on you, and certainly does not warrant the term ironic.

And with regards to "psychological projection" ... you have no foundation to stand on in this argument, due to your ignorance and stupidity, and so the only recourse left to you is to attempt some pathetic psychoanalysis. Typical magic thinker.
You once again miss the point. If America WAS filled with Nazis or acted like Nazi Germany then there would be no irony.

However, Croatia in its past, recent and modern, has acted far worse than America. Would those whackos put a Nazi symbol on the Croatian flag? No - and there is the irony.
You're barely coherent. Croatia has not acted in modern times (you're referring to 1990's of course) worse than America. Do I need to list all the wars and war crimes committed by Americans since WWII? Which whackos? What Nazi symbol? What drug are you on?

You must be an adherent of the Alanis Morissette school of irony.
"Which whackos? What Nazi symbol?"

Hey arsehole! This is what we have been debating. This is reddit and we comment on specific articles or pics. 

So all this time you have not actually looked at the flickr pics we have been debating? 

How embarrassing for you.

You are a fucking moron. :D
Of course I've looked at them, but your writing is not clear and coherent, so I couldn't be sure to what you were referring. But there remains no irony. Only in the mind of a person who automatically links Croatia with Nazis, perhaps. And that, I suggest, is your real purpose of commenting in this thread: to tar every Croat with the Nazi brush. 

And what kind of sicko would call protesters of imperialistic US foreign policy "whackos"? Personally, I think they are targeting the wrong man, but they are not "whackos". Only in your sub-human mind are they such.
"Only in your sub-human mind are they such."

Sub-human? Very, very interesting choice of words. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Untermensch

I have no problems with Croatians. Once again, I state that for Croatians to tar all Americans (they put the Nazi flag on the stars and stripes) is extremely ironic considering Croatia's Nazi past and strong Nazi sub-culture today. You are outraged at the thought that I (although I am not) am tarring all Croatians as Nazis yet do not see they the protesters do this with America.

This is the irony and I am puzzled why this untermensch understands it and the great ubermensch doesn't? :)
Yes, Mr Freud, how very, very interesting that choice of words. I must be a Nazi. Idiot.

&gt; I state that for Croatians to tar all Americans...

They are not tarring all Americans, only Bush and the US government foreign policies. Americans are not defined by their flag, you nationalistic twit.
"Americans are not defined by their flag, you nationalistic twit."

Actually, Americans do see the flag in an almost sacred way. It represents America not the President. 

This was more than a protest against one President. Putting a Nazi symbol on an upside-down Stars and Stripes is an insult to a nation. 

Again I say, it is highly ironic for Croatians to label A WHOLE NATION Nazis considering their own past. You accused me of doing this to Croatia yet you do not comment on this.

In what way does stating that fact make me a nationalist twit? I haven't mentioned anything about my "nationalism". You are fond of going off on a tangent aren't you my friend? :)
Whether or not Americans (which Americans?) see their flag as "almost sacred", the fact remains that they are not defined by their flag. Anyone who thinks otherwise is a nationalistic twit. More likely, though, you pretend this falsehood is true, because you need it (although it is still not sufficient) to support your argument.

And I also say again, anyone who considers that it is highly ironic (no longer just ironic, it's highly so now) for a group of protesting Croats to consider Bush a Nazi and the policies his government has enacted as fascist, is clearly equating Croat with Nazi. You continue to demonstrate your stupidity.
Okay lets cut through all your smokescreens. Lets see where you stand.

Is the modern nation of United States of America like Nazi Germany of 35-45? Yes or No?
I am not interested in the question, for two reasons: 1) The answer is obvious; 2) It is not really critical to this discussion. Stick to the subject: whether or not the protesters are right, there is nothing ironic about their actions unless you believe in the equation, "Croat = Nazi". That is the real reason for your original comment: when you read "Croatia" you think "Nazi".
The answer is NO. So putting a Nazi symbol on an American flag is whacky bullshit if nothing else.

As for not liking Croatia. I have met real Croatians (unlike those who pretend they are Croatian but don't live there) and they are great.

Last question:

Do you believe it is wrong to pejoratively label a whole nation?
I have dealt with your American flag red herring. I have dealt with your misapplication of the concept of irony. I have dealt with your fixation on equating Croats with Nazis. You are simply too stupid for further words.
You are not answering any questions because I am blowing your arguments out the water.

You accuse me of labeling all Croatians as Nazis. I am not, but this is what you are saying and this is your objection, so it should be easy to tell me if it is wrong to pejoratively label a whole nation.

I know and you know you cannot answer this because you will either look like a hypocrite or a liar.

Go ahead punk, make my day! :D

Summary:
I must be a Nazi.
You accuse me of labeling all Croatians as Nazis.
It must be because I am a Croat, genetically Nazi.
&gt; I state that for Croatians to tar all Americans...
the Ustasha, helped the Nazis.
Would those whackos put a Nazi symbol on the Croatian flag?
I did not say the Serbs were worse during WWII.
"It must be because I am a Croat, genetically Nazi..."

No, not at all.
So that means no one can protest Bush and call him a Nazi?
That would be, *some Croatians* protest; not, *Croatia protests*.
As for not liking Croatia.
That's the only bush I like as well.
Am I the only one bothered by the upside American flag with a nazi symbol on it?
&gt; Am I the only one bothered by the upside American flag with a nazi symbol on it?
I did not say that during WWII everyone else was as bad as the Ustasha regime.
Whether or not Americans (which Americans?)
Oh, Croats are Nazis and they are calling Bush Nazi.
No countries with Nazi collaboration regimes can protest Bush?
I do not need to pretend.
I have dealt with your fixation on equating Croats with Nazis.
Especially as the ones they are calling Nazis helped destroy it.
Everything I said was true.
I wasn't talking about them.
This was more than a protest against one President.
You accused me of doing this to Croatia yet you do not comment on this.
Americans are not defined by their flag, you nationalistic twit.
"Americans are not defined by their flag, you nationalistic twit."
"Lefty Croatians with their horrific past"?
You lied by omission, making it sound as if all Croats had supported Nazis.
Is the modern nation of United States of America like Nazi Germany of 35-45?
Again I say, it is highly ironic for Croatians to label A WHOLE NATION Nazis considering their own past.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.21
