Original Response:
Canada really sucks.
I think we could take the Dutch.
As a Canadian I agree that Canada is pretty soft....but its the Dutch even we can take them
[deleted]
The dutch will kick Canadas ass they have a very long history going back thousands of years before there ever was a Canada.

Canada always gets of light time they have to put up.
These are the guys that like to play bumper boats. Their MO is to ram whaling ships, and since the seal hunt started they've been ramming coast guard ships for some reason.
Somebody needs a hug.
Um, I kind of get the first sentence, though I think your logic is a little on the weak side. America is a young country as well, but I think they could take the Dutch.

And your second sentence in unintelligible. I'm going to assume the mention of "light time" is in reference to Astronomy?
I think its: "Canada always gets off lightly.  Time they have to put up."

Either way, it most certainly isn't an act of war, certainly not on the word of the guy who happens to own the boat.

If you read the article, the boarding is related to the arrest of the Captain and CO because they broke the law.

It's completely within Canada's rights to board a ship in Canadian waters if they commit a crime in Canada.
As opposed to what?
This is going to be one helluva slap fight.
America is a landmass / 2 continents. 

And the USA can't even take the Iraqis
Bah, you will both get too stoned and forget what the fight was about...
&gt;Paul Watson, head of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, said the seizure of his ship and the arrests of two senior officers amounted to an "act of war"...

Oh sure. Ever read his articles on infowars.com? The guy exaggerates.
Not sucking.....
I agree. 

Living next door to the bulldog house(USA) they have never had the burden of maintaining a decent military for defense. A handful of weekend warriors with antiquated munitions from what I understand.

The Dutch womens auxiliary could probably handle them within a few weeks.
What I don't get is that Watson, head of the Sea Shepherd Society, claims that because the ship is Dutch-registered, that it does not have to follow Canadian maritime regulations in Canadian territorial waters. Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't that just false?
America is 2 continents? Well, don't tell that to every geographical book ever written. What does that make Canada? A city, I suppose? A cul-de-sac?

And what does America's inability to take Iraq have to do with the Dutch?
Which is what's awesome about us.
Yeah. There are only two kinds of people I hate.

People who are intolerant of other peoples cultures, and the Dutch
Both sides will lose tens of people and end in a stalemate.
eco-freaks need to get a job
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_number_of_total_troops

Canadian Forces military expenditure
(FY07/08) 	CAN$16.9 billion

Netherlands military expenditure
€ 8.195.000.000 (2008)

Granted, even though Canada spends more money and has more active troops, doesn't mean we'd win a war against the Dutch.

But I'll echo what others have said, "I think we could take them." Or at least take down women's auxiliary the way we beat up baby seals.

On ice and with clubs.
Hmm, Canada vs The Netherlands, eh?

Canada: Twice as many people, 50% more military expenditures, razed the US capital.

The Netherlands: Not French.

Tough one. ;)
I have heard no evidence of this (ramming coast guard ships).  Source?
Somebody needs to slap these jackasses, really hard. Ramming ships is okay, but as soon as the Canadian coast guard boards their vessel in Canadian waters, it's an act of war?

I would be really, _really_ pleased if somebody caught them out in international waters and totally disabled their vessel. Bonus points if they get rescued by the Canadian CG or a whaling vessel.
Paul Watson, figures.  He's such a loon that if he put out a press release saying water was wet, I'd go to the sink just to make sure.
That seems to be _exactly_ what he's claiming, and it's just wrong. If you're in Canadian waters, you follow their laws. This is a group that regularly rams other vessels, so I guess they really only feel that the law applies to them whenever it is convenient, and only in whatever form benefits them.
they can suck a dyke
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberation_Day_(The_Netherlands)
[deleted]
http://www.cbc.ca/canada/newfoundland-labrador/story/2008/04/05/charges-ship.html?ref=rss

It was a story big enough to get a few days news coverage up here.
&gt;razed the US capital.

Only the British have managed to do that.
So?
Aren't these the same clowns who boarded a Japanese whaling ship in international waters?
An act of piracy anywhere in the world.  Now they're upset that the Canadian CG boarded them after provocation in CANADIAN waters.  What a bunch of flaming hypocrites.
Bunch of Righteous bastards
[deleted]
Throw them to the sharks!!! ARRRRGGGGG!!!
Watson is an ass. He attacks whaling boats claiming that he's merely enforcing international laws and treaties. Then he turns around and flouts Canadian law by interrupting a legal seal hunt.

The guy has no integrity, and in my experience, very little respect in the environmental community in Canada.
Nah no stalmate. We'll do a 20-minute overtime then shootouts.
I think it's more likely that we join forces with the Dutch government to sink that bunch of clowns.
No doubt.
Your posting history shows that you're an obnoxious jingoistic twit. Lurk more.
Looks like the Canucks have been taking Yank lessons.  More's the pity. 

 Looking bad, Oh, Canada.
That would be a fun one.  Canada vs. the Netherlands.  Could sell it as a double feature with 'Harold and Kumar escape from Guantanamo Bay'.
I'm not saying I agree with the Sea Shepherd folks, but we don't know whether they were actually in Canadian waters at the time of the boarding.  From the article:

&gt; Hearn rejected that claim, saying the Mowat was seized legally in Canada's "internal waters," without providing the specific location of the seizure.
&gt; 
&gt; Watson has argued that his vessel never entered Canada's 12-nautical-mile territorial limit, but Hearn said the Fisheries Act gave him the authority to take action beyond that line.

In other words, "our own national laws give us the right to board your ship in international waters."  Say what you will about Sea Shepherd's tactics, but the Canadian Coast Guard very possibly acted in violation of international law here.
Even if they weren't within Canada's territorial water (which is questionable), they were quite likely within the contiguous zone, which probably still makes this legal.

Regardless, SSS has done their own fair share of illegal stuff on the high seas, so it's about time they got what's coming to them IMO. Elsewhere on this page there's a link to a story about them ramming Canada CG ships, so (if true) they're lucky they got boarded instead of getting shelled.
I'm from Holland, isn't that veird...
Are you sure you placed this comment in the right place?
Before the forefathers obnoxiously claimed the title 'the United States of America' the name 'America' would refer to an entire landmass made up of 2 continents, North America and South America. I can't speak for the books over there, I've been told they're quite shoddy and oft times sponsored by Pepsi, but the ones over here still use the term USA, not just America.
I don't understand you on so many levels.

1. Are you American? That would be the only way they could be your "forefathers" but I don't think you are because you talk about books being sponsored by Pepsi, which seems like a burn on America.

2. They didn't "claim" the title. It's not boxing. And nobody else had it first. Maybe "coined" the title is what you meant?

3. I don't know what's obnoxious about the title. They were separate states that united. Makes sense.

4. Why would you correct me based on outdated nomenclature from outdated textbooks? Do people in whatever country you come from seriously think of North and South America when someone says "America"?

5. &gt;but the ones over here still use the term USA, not just America.

So you knew what I meant originally, right?
3.
&gt;*They're* sole aim is to try to suck as much money out of the pockets of people who really don't know what's going on

WTF do journalists just not bother trying any more?
As a dutch canadian, i beg that both sides concede to their common culture. smoke phat bowls for peace everybody! its the only way we can stop the bloodshed.
Fortunately the head of Sea Shepherd can not declare war.
&gt; Even if they weren't within Canada's territorial water (which is questionable), they were quite likely within the contiguous zone, which probably still makes this legal.

Good point, I frankly didn't know about that kind of authority over the contiguous zone until you brought it up (and after subsequent Wikipedia session).

Summary:
I think we could take the Dutch.
What does that make Canada?
I don't know what's obnoxious about the title.
I think its: "Canada always gets off lightly.
America is a young country as well, but I think they could take the Dutch.
As a Canadian I agree that Canada is pretty soft....but its the Dutch even we can take them.
Canada always gets of light time they have to put up.
I'm not saying I agree with the Sea Shepherd folks, but we don't know whether they were actually in Canadian waters at the time of the boarding.
If you're in Canadian waters, you follow their laws.
Time they have to put up."
America is a landmass / 2 continents.
I have heard no evidence of this (ramming coast guard ships).
And what does America's inability to take Iraq have to do with the Dutch?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
