Original Response:
It's a shame when a presidential candidate pointing out the obvious is considered news.
So, we should go talk to these people and try to be more like them.
So...why is Iran bad again? What bad things have they done to the west recently? Why is it bad if they were 'strengthened?'
All those things attributed to their leader aren't true. He really likes Israel.
Ahmadinejad is not Iran's leader.  
  
He has a boss, he's called the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Khamenei. He is the Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces and has final say over all aspects of domestic and foreign policy.  
  
FYI Khamenei has officially stated Iran supports the 2002 peace initiate, which goes beyond a two-state settlement and includes full normalization of relations with Israel.
This is so true. The more you push people the more they push back. We can easily defend ourselves with more technology especially getting off oil. So why the hell are we being so aggressive??

Whenever I tell people the answer to that they just say it's a conspiracy theory so I won't waste your time with it.
Even more so, the current administration has strengthened Hezbollah.  They will gain control of Lebanon (whether through elections or revolution) within the next several years.
This begs the question...What's wrong with not supporting the state of Israel?  No doubt he talks about "wiping Israel off the map," but believe me, Ahmadinejad and the Ayatollahs who control policy know better.  Arab and Persian regimes have been saying the same thing for years.  They do so to give the Palestinian people a sense of hope, without having to do anything substantive.
No just any political candidate.
And his declared policy of meeting and talking to Ahmadinajad without precondition would do what, precisely?
It might bear the same kind of fruits that Ronald Reagan's diplomacy with Gorbachev bore (the end of the cold war, and the release of eastern europe from the umbrella of the soviet union).
&gt;*why is Iran bad again*

Iran is an undemocratic theocracy whose leaders have at various times called for the murder of a British writer, which led to several deaths (though not yet of the writer), have held a Holocaust denial conference, have urged the destruction of Israel and have funded Islamist terrorist groups, and who believe the hidden Imam is down a well.

Iran holds public stonings of women for adultery, hangs people for being gay while claiming there are no homosexuals in the country.

Amnesty Inernational says,

&gt;*Iran has one of the highest number of recorded executions of any country in the world. Amnesty International is particularly concerned about the execution of children and individuals who were minors when their crimes were alleged to have taken place.*

Six child offenders were executed in 2007. Women activists have '*met with harsh repression from Iranian authorities*'

Didn't you know this?

http://www.amnestyusa.org/other-countries/iran/page.do?id=1011172&amp;n1=3&amp;n2=30&amp;n3=922
There is a strand of thinking that the economic cost of keeping in the cold war was what did for the Soviet Union.
That was the bigger factor, yes. But cultural exchange programs, and the government's hand extended in diplomacy was vital. You can't make peace with your enemy by threatening him or her, shouting at him and pushing him further away from you.
&gt;*cultural exchange programs*

???

When the wall came down I went to East Berlin and sat on the knee of a huge statue of Marx. If it's there now still, it'll be for tourists.

I'm not so much of an economic determinst to suppose it was only the grinding inefficiency of a centrally-planned economy that brought down the Soviet empire; but it was largely that.

In Tallinn, Estonia, an old man in a museum told me how all the Estonians tried to watch tv programmes from Finland, although it was illegal to do so. That's the sort of cultural exchange that really helped, I think.
I lived in West Berlin in autumn of 1987 into the spring of 1988 as an exchange student. We went over to the eastern half of the city occasionally... and of course riding the train from West Germany to Berlin was an intriguing introduction to the city. I wasn't there when the wall came down, but I did call my host parents over there that week.

Now, by cultural exchange I mean something different. 
 
I mean things like this: [the New York Philharmonic playing in North Korea](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/02/07/arts/music/07musi.html) or the Olympic Games in Beijing. 

Specifically what kinds of cultural exchanges happened during the 1970s and 1980s? There were...

* Many sister city programs which were set up - [Tashkent (then a part of the Soviet Union) created a liaison with Seattle](http://www.cityofseattle.net/oir/Tashkent.htm), for instance.

* There were touring theatrical productions such as the poignant one mentioned here: [Peace Child](http://www.peacechild.org/www/pci/index.php?id=48).

* [Here's an interesting book review about soviet and usa dance troupes going back and forth over those decades](http://www.ballet-dance.com/200602/articles/DanceForExport20030101.html).

The idea behind cultural exchange is that the citizens of both countries cease to be xenophobic, and cease to believe in the propaganda about how the other nation is so evil. We should not have sanctions against Iran. Instead, we should have exchange programs for students who want to attend universities over there. We should have performing arts troupes from Iran touring the usa to tell about their society and their heritage, and their values.
I recall reading about a "peace exchange program" with Iran not too long ago. People were going over to Tehran just to meet people and converse.
What's the problem to begin with?
Ok, and that makes them worse than all the other countries that do the same or worse? Why should we worry about Iran when some people get stoned for adultery in Africa? Doesn't Saudi Arabia still behead men in the streets? We don't seem to have problems with them having nuclear technology. 

Also, isnt the whole reason it is a theocracy because it rebelled against the puppet-king america helped install?
That's a great thing, John. By the way - this is an interesting glimpse into what life is like in Iran - [a BBC journalist got permission to create this documentary film](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=9161934809152225169).
Seen it!

I would like to do that bowling pin exercise thing.

Seriously though, Tehran looks like a neat little town.
&gt;*Ok, and that makes them worse than all the other countries that do the same or worse*

Well, by definition, no, of course not. But you  asked why Iran was bad.
The problem of Iran is the problem.

http://reddit.com/info/6jrlv/comments/c041p34
Ok, Iran aren't 'good' but they pose little to no threat to the US compared to China, Korea and other 'rogue' (IE they don't like America) states. Who cares about them?

Why are they such a hot topic for americans? Why don't we let the middle east handle itself and keep the hell out of it? We'd lose a lot less troops and money.
&gt;*Tehran looks like a neat little town*

If you're not a Trade Unionist; or a Kurd; or a homosexual; or a ...

Still. As long as you're ok, that's what matters. Neat town.
And how is that our problem? We can't police small time shit like that. I realize *ex post Holocaust* we can't be total isolationists, but how do you curb that shit that doesn't involve talking?
&gt;*they pose little to no threat to the US*

They pose an explicit threat to US allies. They threaten the 'inalienable' rights you claim are the rights of all people.

&gt;*Why don't we let the middle east handle itself*

Not a realistic role for America, that.
&gt;*but how do you curb that shit that doesn't involve talking?*

Obama said he'd talk *without precondition*.
True.

Hey remember all those years ago black people were second class citizens? Remember how when people from overseas wouldn't come to America, we decided that it was time to stop segregation?

Thank god!
What does that mean?
They do not threaten American allies - this is bullshit.

However, American politicians threaten Iran everyday - obliteration etc

The reason America wants to control Iran (like they control its neighbors Iraq and Afganistan) is for the oil that they are sitting on.  Its nothing to do with stoning adulterers.....sheesh
And how does all of that threaten our national security?

The Iraq WMD lie was much more titillating as a pretense to war.
i think obama's "help our enemies" policy will probably strengthen them more than Bush has, so i don't think he should be talking...
The Ayatollah also happens to have backed kidnappings of american citizens, so he isnt exactly the US's best friend.
&gt;Why are they such a hot topic for americans?

It's difficult for most Americans to stay interested in more than two or three hot topics at a time. You have to pick a country and stick with it for like two years or so before moving onto another one.
"People, I just want to say, you know, can we all get along? Can we get along? Can we stop making it, making it horrible for the older people and the kids?...It’s just not right. It’s not right. It’s not, it’s not going to change anything. We’ll, we’ll get our justice....Please, we can get along here. We all can get along. I mean, we’re all stuck here for a while. Let’s try to work it out. Let’s try to beat it. Let’s try to beat it. Let’s try to work it out"  - Rodney King
&gt;They pose an explicit threat to US allies.

And is it our responsibility to baby the world when other countries are perfectly capable of defending themselves?
fuck off, kill'em all.
The US also happens to have backed kidnappings of Iranian citizens, so they aren't exactly the Ayatollahs best friend.
True that.
[deleted]
Obamassiah speaks! We're not worthy, we're not worthy...
Isn't this pretty much what GW aid about B.
Exactly.  Said "other countries" are perfectly capable of nuking the shit out of Iran themselves, they don't need us to do it for them.
Please take your rose colored glasses off.
Not that this is counter to your point, but it would be more accurate to replace "[Ahmadinejad] talks" with "was mis-translated as saying".
It's not really "talking" if you won't even start until the other side capitulates.
[deleted]
[deleted]
That doesn't make him a genius, everyone already knows this.
Because "will be erased from the page of history" is really so much better than "will be wiped off the map".
Sorry to comment jack, but people should watch the entire video.  This guy rules.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yeejb_cFcjc
Doesn't Obama want us to continue our policy of isolating Hamas though? (honestly wondering)
wtf is with all this obamassiah shit i keep seeing all the sudden. is it the sore-loser hillary supporters or what?
It's part of Operation Obamadrama. The neoclowns will have a dozen more by the time Nov. rolls around.
Really. Israel has nukes, has us over there, AND gets a shitload of money from us for their military.

We shouldn't have to give either military aid or military support. Both is simply unacceptable.
It is.  Think about it.  One is passive, the other is active.  One merely wishes that the state will at some point cease to exist, the other wants to be the one to destroy it.  There's a pretty big difference in connotation there.
Actually they both look pretty passive to me.  I mean, they both use the linguistic passive voice.
How exactly is "talking" equivalent to "helping"?
Could you please explain how "obvious" that is?  I actually am confused by his comment?
It's a shame all his "Change" talk is BS.  

Ron Paul 08
yeah, cuz he's so [different](http://www.nypost.com/seven/10172007/news/regionalnews/dissing_cousins__obama__cheney.htm)

wait, you're right, he is [different](http://www.rense.com/general80/web.htm)...not!
He's the chosen one, and if we've learned anything from Star Wars the chosen one brings balance to the force and we all live happily ever after in a thriving democracy.
indubitably.
I rarely hear him quoted as "will be wiped off the map".  More often it's put in bandwagon's fashion: Ahmadinejad said he wants to "wipe Israel off the map."
So basically Obama is gonna pick up where Bush left off? BAD BAD!!!
So basically Obama is gonna pick up where Bush left off? BAD BAD!!!
Except that that's not even a mistranslation, it's just a plain, old misrepresentation.
what is obama going to say that hasn't already been said? the only thing that will be accepted by these people is welfare from the US.
Point.
Iran is an undemocratic theocracy? Then what is the USA? With Bush at the helm of affairs, I suspected that the americans have lost the fingerpointing rights, alongwith many others.
&gt;*Iran is an undemocratic theocracy*

You don't agree? You think this fact is a matter of *opinion*?

&gt;*Then what is the USA?*

It's a democratic secular republic. That's how you'll be voting in Obama shortly.
Agreeing to certain understandings beforehand isn't capitulation. What is there about that you find so difficult to grasp?

For example, the Northern Ireland peace agreement progressed with staged inactivation of weapons, verified independently, and an agreement to renounce violence. That was a precondition.
I was asked why Iran was bad. Not why it threated your national security.
Sorry, it's in English, I cant understand it for you.
&gt;*They do not threaten American allies*

They threaten Israel. How did you miss that one?
&gt;*we decided that it was time to stop segregation*

And remember how you agree that segregation was a bad thing?

What is it, universal human rights only apply within the US?
Sounds like you don't know.
Don't be silly. Obama said it, in one of the Primary debates, go ask him if you can't look the word up in a dictionary yourself, and stop bothering me with your crowd-pandering non-points.
Well obviously a precondition means a condition set before. I thought you might have an idea for what a precondition should be in talking to Iran, as you felt the need to italicize it.
Well, it was Obama's own choice. Here's one - accepting the right of Israel to exist and ceasing to fund terrorist groups attacking Israel.
Except nobody wants to nuke Iran.
Does Iran get to make preconditions of us?
Perhaps you need to think about what the word, 'ally' means.
They can ask and we might agree, of course.
Can't help but to wonder what would Obama do if he was elected prisdent? Bombing of Iran? Bringing American peace to Palastine (a la Iraqi way)? 

Words are cheap, it's all about actions...
Iraq under Saddam Hussein:  Relatively secular Sunni dictatorship repressing Shi'ite majority, very hostile to Iran.

Iran: Shi'ite theocracy.

Iraq after removal of Saddam: Democracy with Shi'ite majority, guaranteeing at least substantial Shi'ite leadership of whom some percentage will inevitably be supportive of Iran; military wrecked and weakened, removing Iran's strongest regional rival.

From the inception of the Iraq war, if you understand the demographics of the region, there was no chance of Iran being anything but stronger at the end of it.
?  Right, because saying "Yeah, duh, we knew that" is worshiping the guy.

For the record, I find him the least objectionable of the candidates who can still win, but that's not saying much.
Ron Paul is old.

If you're trying to figure out what the hell that has to do with your point, you now understand how I feel.
&gt;Iran is an undemocratic theocracy

So? Why is that a threat to me?

&gt;whose leaders have at various times called for the murder of a British writer, which led to several deaths (though not yet of the writer

We killed a million people. Israel kills hundreds of people every year. People get killed all over the world.

&gt;have held a Holocaust denial conference, have urged the destruction of Israel and have funded Islamist terrorist groups, and who believe the hidden Imam is down a well.

Why is it my responsibility to protect israel? Isn't it enough that I give them lots of weapons and money?

&gt;Iran holds public stonings of women for adultery, hangs people for being gay while claiming there are no homosexuals in the country.

Why is that a threat to me? BTW gay people get killed in the US too.

&gt;Six child offenders were executed in 2007. 

Why is that a threat to me?  BTW we have sentenced to death minors too.

&gt;Women activists have 'met with harsh repression from Iranian authorities'

Why is that a threat to me?
I was asked why Iran is bad. Not why it's a threat to you.

&gt;*BTW gay people get killed in the US too.*

Oh don't be so fucking trivial.
Israel has over three hundred nuclear weapons. Iran is no threat.
I disagree. So do most people who know what they're talking about and don't talk out of their antisemitic arses, like you.

http://reddit.com/info/6aj2w/comments/c03bt37
&gt;I was asked why Iran is bad. Not why it's a threat to you.

The topic is about why we should be concerned about iran.

&gt;Oh don't be so fucking trivial.

Why is it trivial when gays get killed in the US but is of urgent importance when they get killed in iran?
How is a country which no nuclear weapons a threat to a country with hundreds of nuclear weapons.

BTW jews are not semites and jews are not a race.
http://reddit.com/info/6aj2w/comments/c03bt37
http://reddit.com/info/6aj2w/comments/c03bt37
the zionist is pissed!
As opposed to Paul who will take us back to 1860.
&gt; Israel has nukes

Yeah I think that proves his point, if Israel had wanted to nuke them they could have done it quite awhile ago.
I know Iran are not 'good' guys but why do we worry about them more than say, Zimbabwe or Saudi Arabia? Why do these people pose more threat to US security than China or Korea?
Can you believe the nerve of Iran to have attacked the USS Liberty, have spies stealing our nuclear secrets, and infiltrating our own government at the highest levels with dual citizens. ...Oh sorry, that was Israel.
I was asked why Iran was bad, I answered that question.

You seem to be having an argument with yourself - which, incidentally, you'll probably lose.

Run along now.
It *is* capitulation if one side gets part of what it wants before discourse even starts.  I guess that's just my opinion.  What are we so afraid of?  Is Ahmadenijad going to make Obama cry?
Understandably, but Obama also voted in favor of that very war removing Saddam? And all those sanctions must have also helped "strengthen" Iran too huh? 

Does Obama have any other special plans on weakening Iran in some way? I mean you know it is our job here in America to dictate to the world what they can or cannot have, to force them into a weakened state or allow them to be strengthened after all. Goooo Team!!!

Summary:
I was asked why Iran was bad.
I was asked why Iran is bad.
Why is that a threat to me?
The problem of Iran is the problem.
"People, I just want to say, you know, can we all get along?
So, we should go talk to these people and try to be more like them.
Iran is an undemocratic theocracy?
People get killed all over the world.
Does Iran get to make preconditions of us?
Why is it bad if they were 'strengthened?'
How is a country which no nuclear weapons a threat to a country with hundreds of nuclear weapons.
Ahmadinejad is not Iran's leader.
BTW gay people get killed in the US too.
We all can get along.
But you  asked why Iran was bad.
Not why it's a threat to you.
We should not have sanctions against Iran.
&gt;I was asked why Iran is bad.
&gt;*BTW gay people get killed in the US too.
So...why is Iran bad again?
The topic is about why we should be concerned about iran.
&gt;*they pose little to no threat to the US*

They pose an explicit threat to US allies.
The more you push people the more they push back.
That's the sort of cultural exchange that really helped, I think.
Why do these people pose more threat to US security than China or Korea?
Why should we worry about Iran when some people get stoned for adultery in Africa?
Said "other countries" are perfectly capable of nuking the shit out of Iran themselves, they don't need us to do it for them.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.17
