Original Response:
[deleted]
Wow, who elected this nutty council?
did someone say BLACKWATER?

doobie brothers ROCK!!
[deleted]
It would be cool if there was a flash mob that drank standing up on the terrace past midnight. That would be pretty awesome.
Those laws seem stupid, but not enough to make me think they're becoming prudish as a city.
wow, now I'm really glad I booked my trip to Amsterdam in June... the inside smoking ban goes into effect in July, and if coffee shop owners are to be believed (which, despite their financial interest in the matter, I believe they have good reason to,) that will be the beginning of the end of Amsterdam. It'll be like taking a tour of Rome a month before it burns - something I can tell my children about (when they're old enough and their mother isn't in the house.)
There are a lot of sides to this issue. Although I have family in the Netherlands (near Delft), I can't speak for the Dutch as a whole, let alone those from Amsterdam, but my understanding is this...

What would it be like to be from one of the most progressive cities (and countries) in the world? Where prostitutes are regulated, where soft drugs are tolerated, where doctors are sometimes permitted (that is, not prosecuted) to perform euthanasia?

And what would it be like to have your city viewed as a den of sin, rather than a haven of tolerance? How would it feel to have thousands of tourists visit NOT to experience the architecture or the history, but to screw hookers? How about having your culture mocked because of its toleration? Or hundreds of boorish twenty-something frat boys making a mess of themselves on the streets during the Cannabis Cup?

The Dutch have taken a very pragmatic view towards drug use, prostitution, and many other societal issues, but that does not mean that they like them. Rather, they understand that even when these things are outlawed, they still occur anyway. Many Dutch remain very strictly religious, in accordance with their history as one of the hotbeds of Calvinism (and other forms of Protestantism). 

So, the view of the Dutch government for much of the last four hundred years has been to regulate and control vices. But this has seesawed back and forth many times. Cannabis use is still technically illegal, existing in a shadowy realm of uncertainty. See also the above-mentioned euthanasia controversy. Their government (like any government) is always moving back and forth, left and right.

But let's also keep our wits about us. Yes, the law that prevents one from standing and drinking at the same time is foolish. Yes, not being able to sit in a cafe outside after midnight is overbearing. Yes, some members of Tweede Kamer (among other legislative bodies) want to repeal some of the more liberal policies of their country.

Remember, however, that this is a country that just voted to ban electronic ballots. You can still engage in semi-legal debauchery without ever having to learn the language. Hell, the Dutch Police will probably tell you to knock it off, rather than arrest you (I am ashamed, but relieved, to admit that this happened to me). They know what they're doing. Let's work on making the States a bit more tolerant like the Dutch before criticizing the way their government handles itself.
Wonder who is behind all this.  It is very inconvenient for all the hyper-regulated nanny states to have a place that proves all their justifications for prohibition laws are bullshit.
stf210: You've brought up a few points I've thought a lot about. I've been to Amsterdam and hated the whole tawdry drugs and hooker holiday aspect of it. It also attracts some very seedy people as a result.

I live near Vancouver - another city renowned for its laid back approach to vice. But the problem with Vancouver is escalating gang violence, drug addiction, homelessness and serious Aids/Hep C infection rates.

Legalisation seems to me to be the only course - get rid of the pushers and the dealers. Dry up their revenue - for a while. Make the crack and meth off limits. Serious jail time for those caught dealing. Taxation goes directly into counselling services, rehabilitation. Same goes for sex trade workers - strict regulations, health screening, counselling, etc. Make sure there is no coercion, etc.

But the biggest downside to this that I can see would be a surge of tourists ready to descend on the city for a drug and hooker fuelled orgy. Last thing that anyone would want.

So everyone gets a vice card. No card no vice. It could also keep track of how much weed you've purchased that week and maybe cut you off at some point. Same thing for heroin and the street drugs. Your card would tell your vice history and / or health issues. But, and this is the bit that appeals to me - no drug or sex tourists.

Anyway, a program like that would probably have to be national in scope for it to work and I'm sure there'd be many wrinkles to iron out.

Sorry for rant. Anyways, I always hold up Amsterdam as a bad example whenever I think about my pet theory.

/still like the pragmatic Dutch way of doing things
There are some remarks to be made on the article. YabYum and Casa Rosso where in the hands of criminals (the last 'normal' owner of YabYum is said to be forced out by drug-related criminals), that's the official reason for their closure. 

And stf210's comment generalizes 
by dragging the euthanasia debate in - not relevant to this discussion. Furthermore 'many dutch remain very strictly religious' is misconception: churches are being closed by the dozens and demolished or given a new destination, church visit has reached an all-time low.

Amsterdam is a city with around 1.800.000 people and largely unknown to tourist, who almost never come out of the city centre. So visiting Amsterdam gives you a very limited view on the total city.

The hookers, the drugs, the alcohol: they are part of a tradition (good or bad) that you can find in any big city around the globe. Amsterdam is just not hiding that. 

If you can't stand it, don't come to Amsterdam. But don't come and complain. 

It's mainly right-wing politicians that want to score some points amongst their sheeps who are so uptight, and the semi-left wing workers party PvdA who makes a habit of twisting and turning their standpoints to please the general public, which also has a large share of Moslem-voters to please.

And before you click that downvote button: I'm not anti-religious, it's just that I don't like this lets-please-the-conservative-people-at-all-costs trend in the Netherlands.
I've been to Amsterdam.  I had a good time.  But the place is a shithole.  Full of boors, party boys and the best examples of Euro-trash I have ever laid eyes on stumbling around in drug hazes etc. I don't blame the "conservatives" for wanting to reclaim their city (I have a feeling it's not just the religious or prudish elements that are in favour of this sort of action).

But to me, this isn't a problem with being laid back regarding vice.  It's a problem with being the *only* place that's laid back about vice.
Good points. Even though i find this law to be a bit silly, I fully understand that the citizens of Amsterdam want to get rid of this unfairly stereotypical image that the city has.

I have been to Amsterdam and i must say it's probably one of the most beautiful cities in Europe (that i have been to at least). The atmosphere is just so relaxed somehow even though it's a fairly big city. So many big cities are designed for cars, not people, but  Amsterdam with it's historic places, architecture, street markets ,canals and parks you feel like you can just walk around there for ever.

It must be sad for locals that the city attracts only people who are going on a Las Vegas style bender.
Wake me up when they ban pot.
Yes, and its because of all the drugs.
Upmodded for fighting the good fight
Recreational drugs and commercial sex are legal in Amsterdam. Unfortunately the world (mostly egged on by the US) through FATF have identified both as money-laundering related activities effectively preventing legitimate financial businesses from having anything to do with them at risk of facing sanctions. So it means if you want to buy a 'coffee-shop' or a 'shop-window' in the red-light area, no bank will finance you. You are forced to seek  money from dodgy sources like organised crime. Whereas the coffee shops exist, they now have problems from the EU-wide no-smoking rules and their own suppliers are in a very difficult situation as although a shop may avoid prosecution, a wholesaler should be prosecuted even under Dutch law.
I used to live near the Waterlooplein and worked near the Amstelplein so know Ams well.

This is also about a property grab. Having hookers and dope cafes in the middle of town depressed property prices which have been elsewhere shooting through the roof.

The depressed prices meant a number of smaller legitimate businesses like handicrafts, arts, etc could afford premises near the area.

The reduction/elimination of the main vice area would allow the property owners to increase rents. The bad side is that it would force out a lot of the smaller arts &amp; crafts places. It is a very good thing that the small people can still live in Amsterdam.

Also with a fairly well delineated 'sin' area in he middle of the city, the police know where to hang out and little happens elsewhere.
Amsterdam is anything but a shithole. You go a few blocks away from RL district and you will find superb bars like De Wildemann (300+ beers) or a small family run place like Het Elfte Gebod about 100 m outside the RL area). You will find all manor of wonderful little bruin cafes (funny thing is that the characteristic beige colour may now come out of a pot but was originally the result of years of tobacco smoke). You will find delightful areas like De Jordaan.

The joke is that if you want culture, sorry there was only a "highlights of the Rijksmuseum" exhibition because the main building was closed for renovation (so far lasting over three years). Sure you can see a few Vermeers, Rembrandts incl "The Night Watch" but that is about 5% of their collection. If you want so classical at the Concertgebouw, better book in advance. The place is small and is usually full at short notice.
Did you ever see the series, "The Wire" about drugs and related problems in the US. The police created a no-enforcement areas where drug dealing could take place to remove the trouble. The area was quickly nicknamed "Amsterdam" and freed police to work on serious crimes. Of course even in this fiction, city hall found out and fired the police chief responsible.
I went to Amsterdam as part of a solo vacation to several European countries.  Sure, I looked at the red-light district and the marijuana bars, but that wasn't my primary motivation for visiting.  

However, the Dutch people I met seemed to think a single guy in Amsterdam was there to do drugs and screw hookers.  I was told in a condescending tone to "make sure I do some sight seeing".  I went in to a bookstore and asked the owner for his opinion on a book, and he was shockingly rude ("you don't need to know").  I did not meet a friendly Dutch person the whole three days I was in Amsterdam -- except for guy who tried to sell me cocaine, and the one time I wandered into a gay bar by mistake :)

On the other hand, they are good about helping you find your way around if you're lost, just don't try to strike up a conversation.
A Vice card? Come on... If your theoretical city ever decided to rescind that legislation (say, a new party took power,) you'd be providing them with a database of people they could keep tabs on and very possibly arrest.

I think there's a good side to the vice tourism in Amsterdam: without it, the local economy would be much less wealthy. Think about it, you have tourists coming in and making a mess, but they also leave heaps of money with local businesses, in taxes, etc. If I was the leader of a small country somewhere, the first thing I would do is legalize all drugs for production/distribution (with reasonable precautions, of course) and remove visa requirements. Charge 10-20% sales tax, and your economy will double overnight, and keep doubling.

The only reason for that, however, as well as for Amsterdam's troubles, is that even soft drugs like pot are illegal in 95% of the world, so people flock to the few places they are legal. Once attitudes toward drugs change, Amsterdam won't be so unique, won't be so crowded, and will be pining for the days when it had millions of dollars a day pour in because it chose to do the reasonable thing once.

Summary:
I had a good time.
Yes, and its because of all the drugs.
It is a very good thing that the small people can still live in Amsterdam.
It's a problem with being the *only* place that's laid back about vice.
/still like the pragmatic Dutch way of doing things.
But the place is a shithole.
If you can't stand it, don't come to Amsterdam.
Last thing that anyone would want.
However, the Dutch people I met seemed to think a single guy in Amsterdam was there to do drugs and screw hookers.
And what would it be like to have your city viewed as a den of sin, rather than a haven of tolerance?
Amsterdam is anything but a shithole.
But, and this is the bit that appeals to me - no drug or sex tourists.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
