Original Response:
couldnt be the lack of an infrastructure, the fact that pc's were banned, its gotta be the US!  we are stopping all the brilliant engineers from going to cuba!
[deleted]
yet another example of the failure of our foreign policy. we were never able to "beat" fidel, we had to wait for father time to do it for us. and not that he is gone we have only helped enslave those we claimed to desire to free.

embargos and trade sanctions have as of recent memory only worked against Gaddafi
Information technology is expensive.  If there is no infrastructure, then there is not need for censorship...
It is more to do with the fact that you have a technology embargo against this island.

Oh by the way, China thanks your for your business.  They celebrated their success recently by killing a bunch of political dissidents.
And america is the only country able to give them technology?
&gt;Communism has always been an ideology that succeeds best among poor, uneducated peoples who have recently thrown off the yoke of imperialist, capitalist, or colonialist oppressors.

Whereas capitalism has always been an ideology that succeeds best among the rich.
Why don't they just run undersea cables from Europe?  Lazy Cubans!
The internet exists in Venezuela and Colombia too!
Blame Canada.
Yep, as i feared.  You, sir, fail at geography.
Aren't they close enough to pick up our WiFi for free?

Cheap skate commies.
I think Fidel managed to "beat" himself.

I actually am somewhat impressed that the US has managed not to invade Cuba since the Bay of Pigs.
Not so long ago, the United States was a backwater with an absolute crap economy. I would say the whole capitalism thing has worked out pretty well.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Stop oppressing Cuba.
I think it really is time to take the chains off Cuba.
I suggest reading before posting. From reading the title alone, you get the feeling that this is a nonsense complaint. But the rational described in the article is pretty logical. You can't have people YouTubing over a single gateway.
and america is to blame for cuba's lack of infrastructure?  No.
im trying to figure out how hawaii gets the internet, it must be through magic!
of course they do.
Yeah the US does it as well just not in their own country.
Kissinger made 100,000 people vanish into thin air from 1973 to 1980 solely in Santiago, Chile. Your example is flawed because now you are defending a position with that good ole murder count, and left yourself open for greater body counts by one man. :)
Stop blaming other countries for your Cuba's lack of a decent political system.
They dont need labeled, l2govern.
Which countries am I blaming?
yes
this is twaddle though isn't it.  most remote countries use satellite uplinks, so can they.
[deleted]
Personally, I blame their ISP COL, Cuba On Line and their prolific dispersal of 5 1/4 floppies.  God, they are everywhere in cuba.
Yes.  The only undersea logical cable path terminates on US soil, and the US specifically prohibits that.
Wow.  Apparently america is the only country in or around the gulf of mexico capable of that kind of cabling!

Wait!  I think you've touched on it dysk!  America ISNT the only country that can do that!  Its just a handy scapegoat for a country that doesnt have the infrastructure to support it!

By god man!  Do you know what this means?  it means Cuba needs to stfu and learn2govern.
&gt;authorities hope to link to fiber-optic service from Venezuela

This article does not indicated, anywhere, that Cubans are lazy. Practically all of the cables from Europe are connected to the United States, so Cuba may not gain access due to the embargo, forcing them to create an independent structure with Venezuela.

The embargo has been detrimental to Cuban citizens in many ways and it greatly needs adjustments.
I understand how you feel, however we need a very good reason to do so. In the meantime, I feel we need to loosen the chains and use diplomacy.
And im just going to start reporting every post where you mention my name, you got a serious case of whiskeytango worship.
Haha. I won't say anything to that, but its too bad he doesn't have a response. I was going to rope him in, if he said the US I was going to say "how do you feel about the US 'oppressing Cuba' then?"  *him* saying it, not me.
You mean like Florida?
...until recently.
No system is going to be perfect, but yes, it certainly has worked out well.  Some of the major flaws people point are due to socialist policies, corporate welfare and giving too much power to corporations.  The idea of pooling capital together as one entity is a great idea that empowers groups of people.  When it becomes an area of dumping liabilities it's a problem.
Oh that's not racist.
As well as the neighboring island of Hispaniola - the DR has several major ISPs, one of which was a subsidy of GTE.
[deleted]
whiskeytango!!!! are you now "reporting" me, or are you only "reporting" those you don't like? (&gt;insert political facts about china, saudi arabia, ect.&lt;) oh wait, that was a wrong example, you don't buy my cheap stuff/oil/ect...so you won't give a shit about the cigars of prodeath anyway.
Just reporting prodeath, if you look at his history in replies to me he just calls me a poser, tells me to stfu, and goes to my next comment.

Nice job trying to be a martyr though.
I report [mass spammers](http://reddit.com/user/geost77/) on this site all the time and they hardly ever get banned.

If you think you can get someone banned because they hurt your feelings, you don't know reddit too well or you greatly overestimate your influence. [cartooncorpse](http://reddit.com/user/cartooncorpse) would've been banned a thousand times over had it been any other site.
its more of being tired of thinking i have a new message and it being him that having hurt feelings, i have malcontent tell me that im a baby killer at least once a week, so my redditskin is pretty thick.
mh yeah, you're right with that.i'm not really good at that martyr thing. maybe a lack of enthusiasm. but i hope you get my point in the context of cuba and other cold war enemies and your [frenemies](http://www.comedycentral.com/colbertreport/videos.jhtml?videoId=82145). ps: i totally love whiskey and really enjoy tango, so no offense, man :)
Do you know what is also not racist?  Watermelons.
My problem with cuba is that there are a bunch of other countries within spitting distance, but people seem to think it is america's job to support them.
Do Cubans eat them?
Look at where Russia was when Stalin came to power and look at where it was when he died. Yet nobody says that Stalinism worked out pretty well.

You can't measure a social systems success purely in economic terms.
make a new account.
&gt;however we need a very good reason to do so

Do we?  I'd think we'd need a very good reason to try to manipulate (poorly) some foreign country into conforming to something that they have no desire to conform to.
Yeah, and back then we were only fucking over the natives, and now we're fucking the world over.  How is that better?
Then block YouTube and on all other sites throttle people's speeds way down. This sounds like Cuba is taking a legitimate IT problem and using it as an excuse for severe censorship.

Summary:
Yeah the US does it as well just not in their own country.
and america is to blame for cuba's lack of infrastructure?
*him* saying it, not me.
Which countries am I blaming?
I think it really is time to take the chains off Cuba.
America ISNT the only country that can do that!
are you now "reporting" me, or are you only "reporting" those you don't like?
I was going to rope him in, if he said the US I was going to say "how do you feel about the US 'oppressing Cuba' then?"
Stop blaming other countries for your Cuba's lack of a decent political system.
I think Fidel managed to "beat" himself.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
