Original Response:
[deleted]
pack up &amp; go home yankies.
[deleted]
Policing the world?
we're trying to take over the world... we have 800 military bases in 130 countries... almost there... just iran syria lebanon iraq.. then russia, venezuela, china &amp; north korea... no problem. couple dozen nuclear weapons, and then we rule the world! mwhah ha ha ha!
you mean killing the world. it's an extension of the crusades, obey christ or die.
Keeping a large base available for use very close to a lot of strategically interesting areas. Taiwan. Mainland Japan. North Korea. China. Malaysia...
I've read in the book "blowback" of all the rapes that have happened in Japan, and things that happened in Italy. 

Like ron paul says ...bring all the troops home, let's get americans back home. 

Let's also make soldiers accountable for their actions. 

It pisses me off that American soldiers are raping women in other countries, they're brought back to the states and aren't held accountable for their actions. 

hat is inexcusable, and unforgivable. Haven't we done enough harm to japan already?
The official military position is that withdrawing would cause "instability" (the successor to the Cold War's "Domino Theory" which was proven false in Vietnam)
We have harmed Japan? Are you fucking insane?
If it weren't for us, Japan would be defenseless since their constitution was written to preclude them from having armed forces (revised in a limited manner in 1993). This has been a major boon to the Japanese economy since they haven't had to pay billions to maintain their own defensive forces.  
Look, Japanese women are so degraded by their own culture that to suggest that American GIs in Japan pose a significant hazard to their well being is ludicrous.  The next time I'm watching bukakkee rape porn I'll remember that the real danger to these women is the US Army.
Even though they are mad about the rapes/etc., Japan would pitch a fit if we left. And although there are a lot of protests in Korea about the base, every time we made moves to leave, the Korean government freaked out. There is a lot of tension between China and Taiwan, Japan and China, to a lesser extent between Japan and Korea, and of course Korea still wants that extra little bit of reassurance against the North. Basically we just provide a stabilizer for the region. Personally, I think things would sort themselves out ok nowadays if we left; Taiwan has plenty of weapons, Japan and China are big trading partners so that's not really a big deal anymore. There would just be a big to-do if we actually did it. And I don't think the U.S. wants to risk getting into a snit with Japan. 

Oh and I forgot having bases for the Navy to patrol the Strait of Malacca which is a bottleneck for trade goods and especially oil. Pretty vulnerable to piracy and blockades.


&lt; /undergraduate thesis topic&gt;
uh...didn't we drop 2 nuclear bombs on Japan?

The point is we shouldn't be in japan. Why should we take care of them if that's what you are referring to?

THey should fend for themselves. That way they don't feel like we are imposing ourselves on them.
[deleted]
You are aware that the United States is who wrote the Constitution and as a compromise for Japan not building offensive military capability we protect them.
Wait, who wrote that constitution?

Also: Crap you buy on J-list is an accurate depiction of Japan and the Japanese peoples' attitude towards women.  Obviously.  Everyone knows that Japanese women are regularly attacked and bukakke raped.  Happens all the time.  That's not even to mention the roving bands of tentacle monsters.  Good thing they have giant robots piloted by intrepid youths with blue hair to fight them off.
We defeated Japan in a terrible conflict, and they are a sattelite nation without total self determination.  They would have given us nothing better. Japan does not have the right to oust US troops from thier soil.
(And if they are concerned about thier women, then maybe they should address their own gender inequality issues first)
Funny how the rest of the former Axis powers (Italy, Germany/Austria) all have their own armies and full self-determination now, but Japan doesn't.

And by the way, exactly what is the deadline for a conquered nation to get its sovereignty back? Five years? Ten? Twenty?

We're going on 63 years as it stands.
never, they are a sattelite.
What, exactly, does that mean?
I believe their constitution prohibits an "offensive" military. I think they have a fully functioning civil defense force.
TOTALLY.  pr0n is soooooooooooooooooooooo realistic!  especially hentai ZOMGZZZZZ
Love u long time ?
I understand the fury over the case, but there is a better solution than bashing tens of thousands at once. You could ask for the application of the Japanese law related to rape on the perpetrators. Let the rapists be judged and sentenced.

The high moral stand and broad generalization comes out as arrogant and insulting. You are insulting most of the soldiers, who never broke any law or landed a hand on you. What is your excuse for taking a number of cases and generalizing upon a 100 ... 1000x larger group?

What about Japanese rapes in Korea? I am sure in WW2, Japanese soldiers - your fathers or uncles - have raped many more times than the US soldiers in Okinawa, yet you think you are superior somehow. Those poor Korean "comfort women" can have no justice from you, can they? 

Even the name you gave them - "comfort women" - shows how much you despise them and how low you think of them, even though they were victims. Why invent a term that has the only use to help you save face? Comfort for whom? I am sure, it wasn't such a great comfort for them.

So please, try to see each person as an individual and don't judge groups. Every GI that has raped should be punished by law. That is fair. And stop with the tone. It stinks.

And btw, I am not American or Japanese. Just someone who has an academic interest in both.
right......... the fact that rape happens TWENTY times more often in the US than Japan is inconsequential...
Depends on the interests of US. As long as they have an interest in your country, they may not leave. Why don't you vote for a law to ask them to leave, and amend your constitution on the issue of the army.
I don't think Japan will start wars again, it has too many vested economic interests in the region. I know you are a proud people and the issue is more related to your pride now than anything else.
Yeah, but when it happens in Japan it is about four hundred times more likely to result in an internet video that shows up in my porn browser.
My point is that Japanese cultural artistic expression is so debasing to Japanese women that one or several actual assaults upon Japanese women by some minority group is a pale reason to subject that group to any scrutiny beyond what Japanese culture as a whole tolerates.  

You have a bunch of want to be Samurai who fuck young Korean whores whenever possible decrying  the fact that - every once in a while - an Okinawan slut gets banged by a US serviceman.

It all just seems hypocritical.
Bad memories of DMB in college, for me...
*reported rape* versus actual rape stats.  There's even more social pressure on women in Japan not to admit to being raped than there is in the USA.
P.S. Happy hour at 5:00.  We ruv GI rong tyme.
[deleted]
It means that it is forever the white man's burden to forever protect and guide these timid little yellow people along, lest their population be ravaged by the terrible terribleness of their evil bukakke porn!  Because God knows us good ole boys of the U.S. and A. don't have morally repugnant pornography.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]

Summary:
What about Japanese rapes in Korea?
And btw, I am not American or Japanese.
And I don't think the U.S. wants to risk getting into a snit with Japan.
right......... the fact that rape happens TWENTY times more often in the US than Japan is inconsequential...
Depends on the interests of US.
The point is we shouldn't be in japan.
Every GI that has raped should be punished by law.
I don't think Japan will start wars again, it has too many vested economic interests in the region.
There's even more social pressure on women in Japan not to admit to being raped than there is in the USA.
Everyone knows that Japanese women are regularly attacked and bukakke raped.
Japan does not have the right to oust US troops from thier soil.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
