Original Response:
[deleted]
The granting is worth its weight in gold in government propaganda that all arabs and persians are dogs.

I, however know better.
too bad so much of america does not.

the enemy you should be afraid of is the pieces of shit from Israel running your country.

here's some more compelling reasons for asylum from a psychotic country hell bent on your murder-

http://www.plnewsforum.com/index.php/forums/viewthread/33084/P0/

http://www.rockymountainnews.com/news/2008/may/02/no-forewarning-exchange-student-would-seek-asylum/

etc.. etc...
canada screwed some soldiers over already that tried to get asylum.
BOOOOOO CANADA!!! Where the hell are your manners these days?
Hey!

How you doing, you ragheaded camel-jockey?

You'll be pleased to know that I used The Holy Quran for target practice this morning.

After that, I took a dump and used some of the pages to wipe shit from my ass.

PS - Muhammad was a child-molesting pervert.

PPS - We all know that Yasser Arafat was a homo who took it up the ass and died of AIDS. Did you ever do him? What was it like?
Wow.  Wait, what?

I seriously can't gather from your seemingly random stream of consciousness what the hell you are talking about.  I honestly can't even follow it.  I think that if you even had a train of thought, it must have derailed.  Seriously, what the fuck are you trying to even say?

I have never been more baffled on reddit.
You must be DIGGISRUNBYTHEGOVT's alter ego. Nice to meet you.
I believe what the gentleman is trying to say is that the British government is granting this asylum to the gay Iranian teenager primarily for the purposes of embarassing or belittling the Iranian people and that this particular piece of propaganda is quite valuable to the British government.

He then states that while he is aware of this fact, most of the population of the United States is not aware of it.

It is then implied that the enemy of the British (and/or American) people is not the sovereign state of Iran, but the Zionist supporting element within the British government itself which is in control of the levers of power in Britain.

Two links are then provided. The first is in reference to an American Iraq War Veteran who is refusing to return to Iraq, the second an Afghani exchange student in Colorado who crossed into Canada for asylum from Afghanistan because Canada's asylum laws are more lenient than in America. The purpose, apparently, for the two links is as evidence of the mentally unbalanced nature of the people who inhabit the United States who wish to murder the readers of his particular comment. Ostensibly, the veteran and the Afghani exchange student provide evidence in support thereof.

He then attempts to scare his Canadian readers by shouting BOOO!!, after which he blames Canadians for their bad manners.
Wow, I can actually understand it now.  Do you work with the mentally handicapped during the day, or do you just have this kind of natural flair?  :D
That was one of the most eloquent explanations of mindless ranting I have ever read.  Good show!
To: DIGGISRUNBYTHEGOVT

From: Duuuuude

Re: The above comment

...

...

...

[What the HECK is THAT?!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDBjoAKN_MU)
[deleted]
Wow. I don't think I've seen this many shit comments on reddit before. Good going people. Keep up the good work! You're really accomplishing something!

Edit: NVM, it looks like we've graduated to 8th grade and back to normal. Moving on.
I guess you aren't real big on politics with that genius debate that came out of ya like wet corny stool.
And Iran, Iran so far away.
I just ran, Iran all night and day.
I couldnt get away.
Sounds like we need to go to war...
flock of seagulls. yuck
All the liberals dont want to say much when confronted with Iranian evil. The Iranian ayatollah muslim government executes underage gay kids and gay adults.
How can this be, there are no gays in Iran.
Dude, you're a fool. I can name country after country that is as evil as Satan himself. Iran makes that list.

However, that doesn't mean it's right to go bomb the shit out of it.
Is that you, coked-up werewolf?
Of course not, he's not in Iran, and if he was he wouldn't be for much longer.
Britain: "You're gay?  Come right in!  Have you considered a career in the Royal Navy..."
What do you want them to say?  The article is pretty self-explanatory.  Iran tends to deal with gays by either killing them or forcing them to take pills.

A gay Iranian probably doesn't want to be in Iran.

There's not much to say other than silly, stupid comments.
&gt; gayism

Really? *Really?* Are you fucking serious?
I think a lot of liberals *and* libertarians on reddit (basically everyone) are experiencing cognitive dissonance right now, and that's what's causing the crappy comments.

Basically, we all pretty much agree that we should not bomb Iran. At least not for the reasons that Bush and co. give us.

And we all pretty much agree that what Iran does to gay people is evil. (Interesting footnote: Britain used to do something like this too. Look up Alan Turing, in Wikipedia.)

So should we bomb Iran?

Truth is: Iran is evil, but that doesn't mean we should bomb it. A lot of countries are "evil," in one way or another, and we don't constantly bomb them.

The human brain is a bitch. :-/

EDIT: Ugh. There's controversy with the money quote:

&gt; Truth is: Iran is evil

Way to go in cutting the rest of the sentence off!

The full sentence should make it clear that I mean "evil in one way." Iran's treatment of gays is evil. So is Gambia's.

If it's any consolation to you, I don't really believe in Good vs. Evil. They are simplifications.

Do I really need to explain more?
Love this kind of stuff.  If you believe in evolution then the one way to encourage more gay people is to force them into 'straight' marriages and have kids.  

Probably explains why although Iran has no official gay people it has many many friendly older gentlemen.
In recent years Australia has accepted gay refugees from Bangladesh, Pakistan (just two days ago actually) and Egypt. In each of these cases, the reported anti-gay persuction was far less than witnesses report occurs in Iran.

Australia hasn't yet had an Iranian apply on sexuality grounds, but I'd bet such a case would be approved.

Unfortunately few other countries have begun accepting persecution against GLBT people as a "population group" under the international refugee convention.

That Britain is now doing so will be cited by other Commonwealth countries' legal systems, and hopefully do a lot of real good.

That said, I still have lingering doubts about some of the Iranian hangings activists claim are because of being gay, especially when the official charges relate to capital murder crimes.

Edit: apostrophe
Thank you Britain for saving this young man's life. And thanks to the people in the media who pressured the British government to grant him asylum.
now that I've come back from dinner, I see its gotten a lot better... But it really looked like a /b/ raid an hour ago... Whatevs...
You seem to only disguise between black and white but the world is grey. Like in the US there are many different people in Iran. Most life and let life others subdue everyone they can to there will. You don't have to agree to anything that Iran do but that doesn't give you the right to murder. There is no difference between a victim of "collateral damage" and a victim of an terrorist attack. There are the same mindset behind them. I don't buy this "we are better because the civilian deaths are just accidents" nonsense any more. They know exactly how many will die. An suicide bomber wouldn't too blow himself up in a mall if he had the means to  attack an military target.
Sit down and talk to them rather than bomb them, I think the US can use its power to put an end to humanrights abuses through diplomacy.

It doesn't workw ith war (see Iraq).
I would agree with you that I tend to focus on some issues more than others. Don't we all?

I am gay and so, for me, gay rights is a pretty big deal. That the Iranian government would murder gays (or torture them with "treatment") is a huge strike for me.

Realistically, very few countries are totally (or legally) supportive of gays. Legal murder is a whole different ballpark, however. For that reason, Iran is evil.

But I don't think America should bomb it.
Young man
Just one problem with that line of reasoning.  Those people in both countries who would like to go to war with Iran are not the same people who believe in gay-rights in the slightest.   When it comes to their beliefs on the subject of gay-rights, the Iranian religious leadership and the Neo-Cons have a lot in common.
&gt;Britain used to do something like this too

Something like this as in hanging? And Britain in particular, or Britain as in "most Western countries have criminalized homosexuality at some point in their history"?
Iznik: I'm not picking on Britain because I think Britain has a particularly bad track record compared to other countries. It doesn't. I'm picking on Britain because that's what Iran is being contrasted to.

And did you look up Alan Turing on Wikipedia? Did you read on how he was subjected to hormonal "treatment" once there was evidence that he had sex with men, eventually resulting in his suicide? It's a fucking crying shame.
Let's bomb iran. Then we will be evil. Then let's bomb ourselves.
Let this be a reminder that not _everything_ the goverment does is evil.
Only if you believe in evolution and you believe that Homosexuality is inherited.
No because bombing them kills the people, not the culture.

We killed Saddam yet still, thousands of Iraqis are dying. Problem: Not solved.
I'm all for civil liberties for gay people, but why are the only gay people our government and the british seem to care about always the gay people in the countries we are about to blow up?  The gay issue and its importance seems to correlate almost perfectly with the likelihood that we will blow up a country killing women and children with cluster bombs, or even nuclear weapons for no good reason.  Maybe it's causal.  Could there be some relation between caring about gay people and violent urges to blow things up and steal oil?  Stranger things have happened in science.  Sometimes "western liberalism" has to kill you to save gay people, or do they only care about your gay people when they have to kill you?  I shouldn't think about science so much.
They are only evil because they told us that over and over again.  There are cultures doing things ten times worse that we support because they do what we want them to.  It has nothing to do with freedom, or democracy, or liberalism.  It's nothing but cold calculating global strategy.  They could make you think israel was satan tomorrow if they put the media to it.  It would take about a week of seemingly unrelated stories, and they would all be true, they just don't tell them to you now because they're in our good graces (not mine).  They won't do that, but they could.   Of course that will never happen.  But having watched the run up to the iraq war.  People will buy anything.
&gt;Realistically, very few countries are totally (or legally) supportive of gays. Legal murder is a whole different ballpark, however. For that reason, Iran is evil.

No, not evil. Backwards and barbaric. "Evil" is a cop-out.
Oooh! Ooooh! BlackSquirrel, do The Bible next!!!!
Oh fuck, first I was an atheist and now I'm a *gayist?!*
there's no need to feel down.

I said, young man
I agree with you and it does not give me any cognitive dissonance whatsoever. The US (UK etc)should not interfere in other countries' domestic affairs
And simple-minded fools like you can't fathom that some people have a more nuanced understanding of the world. Just because the U.S. and Iran are in conflict, and I oppose current U.S. foreign policy, doesn't mean I support Iran. Morality is not a zero-sum game, if you can squeeze that into your head.
&gt; Truth is: Iran is evil

No it's not. World is much more complex than that.
How to automatically get asulym: If you first get rejected, have the media do a story on it and make sure your name is included in the article, this way you'll be able to claim that your name and status as gay is now known and you will be killed if you return home. Pretty clever.
Propaganda doesn't have to be aimed at the already-convinced. It can be aimed at the unconvinced. As would be the case here.
Ummm, were you seriously unable to understand it or were you just grandstanding? Because it was perfectly comprehensible to me the first time I read it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I wonder what the hanged guys name was?
Thank you Britain for letting in anyone and everyone into the country.
Iran isn't evil
Wow, reddit has pretty much gone to shit. *sigh*
Maybe something to the extent that this is good news?  That the last article frontpaged about this case was terrible (it was about the netherlands denying him asylum, and therefore condemning him to death due to his sexuality)?
Maybe something other than...nonsense?
&gt; Sit down and talk to them rather than bomb them, I think the US can use its power to put an end to humanrights abuses through diplomacy.

Suggestion: the US could improve the human rights situation through domestic policy first, then it wouldn't have to be a hypocrit when criticising other countries.
The Iranian government (or some section of it, anyway) isn't Iran, the same way George Bush isn't the USA.
That is the dumbest comment I will read all week.
&gt;Some human rights groups claim gay people are executed in Iran because of their sexuality.

And here I thought it was because of their taste in music.
[deleted]
George Bush represents USA, internationally.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad represents Iran, internationally.

I'm not saying individual Americans are ignorant and racist.
I'm not saying individual Iranians are homophobically evil.
I'm American.  George Bush does not represent me in any way, any where.
[deleted]
Good to see that when asylum is truly needed, lady justice doesn't avert her gays.
Actually, in Iran they perform the most gender changing operations in the world.  

Edit: Iran performs the second most sex change operations in the world, not the first.
[citation needed]
According to [this](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7259057.stm), Iran is only second to Thailand in the amount of sex change operations.
what was it?  they deleted.
Thank you for placing arbitrary borders above the lives of fellow human beings.
...what are you talking about?  Everyone loves Cher and Madonna.
Read your constitution.
That's a good way of looking at it.
Something about forcibly converting people to "gayism".
so, how many gay senators in US? How many gay presidents have you had? hmmm, how many female presidents? So, according to this, US is evil too?
Fair enough. I didn't feel that the essence of the story was a contrast between good Britain and evil Iran, but about stupid Britain eventually reaching the correct decision when pushed.

Turing - yes, very sad and I was already aware of his life and death (though didn't read the Wikipedia article so no doubt there's stacks more I would have learnt). I'm sure the modern hypocrisies of Iran and other people/countries that obsessively pursue the demonisation of gays/other- different-people are at least on a par with the hypocrisy of mid-19C Britain
i don't care what some piece of paper says.  the man has nothing to do with me.
It's just another example of how this government is willing to do anything to help foreigners with a sob story yet are happy to shaft we natives. Do you think that people of one country should get shafted whilst others are given great deals? Because in my opinion, that isn't an arbitrary line, its a necessary one that has been in place for centuries and should continue to do so.
I think things need to be improved.  Why is a border so important?  Why is the division of land into countries necessary?  It is beaurocracy.  You'd be hard pressed to tell me that rules are more important than people or lives.  

As for shafting the natives, that doesn't even make sense.  I assume you are from either the US or Britain.  Either way, you have a pseudo-democracy.  If you do not like the rules, you have the capacity to a) challenge them, b) protest them and c) vote in new rule-makers.  If that is not the case, if a, b and c have all failed, have yourselves a revolution.  Getting angry about rules that you agree with is asinine and frankly, a little strange.

Summary:
Iran's treatment of gays is evil.
How can this be, there are no gays in Iran.
And we all pretty much agree that what Iran does to gay people is evil.
Like in the US there are many different people in Iran.
So should we bomb Iran?
Truth is: Iran is evil, but that doesn't mean we should bomb it.
For that reason, Iran is evil.
But I don't think America should bomb it.
That's a good way of looking at it.
Basically, we all pretty much agree that we should not bomb Iran.
&gt; Truth is: Iran is evil

No it's not.
A gay Iranian probably doesn't want to be in Iran.
I can name country after country that is as evil as Satan himself.
I think things need to be improved.
I'm picking on Britain because that's what Iran is being contrasted to.
You don't have to agree to anything that Iran do but that doesn't give you the right to murder.
I assume you are from either the US or Britain.
However, that doesn't mean it's right to go bomb the shit out of it.
so, how many gay senators in US?
Then we will be evil.
No because bombing them kills the people, not the culture.
How many gay presidents have you had?
So, according to this, US is evil too?
Do I really need to explain more?
Wow, I can actually understand it now.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.15
