Original Response:
[deleted]
[deleted]
this seems fabricated, do you really think they are responsible for more than 2500 deaths a day ?
New Auschwitz?

Please. By that logic, cancer is seven times the new Dachau and road accidents are 1.2x the New Auschwitz.

Auschwitz II was a facility designed to exterminate a group of people. Do not diminish its significance by comparing other causes of death to it.
&gt;The occupation forces, which ironically include former Axis powers Germany and Japan, have created the New Auschwitz.

I fail to see the irony. It would be ironic if the *Allies* had created a "New Auschwitz".
"diminish its significance" ??

That's what you're doing with respect to the Afghan civilian death toll m8.

Also:
&gt;Will NATO bombs soon be raining down on Islamabad, demanding that Pakistan allow the heroic, suffering Pashtuns to unite with their brothers in a just liberation struggle?

I have my doubts NATO would want to destabilize a nuclear nation beyond a few strikes on the Afghani border here and there.
Where the fuck do they get those numbers from?
&gt; That's what you're doing with respect to the Afghan civilian death toll m8.

No, Auschwitz represented the systematic destruction of several ethnic groups using industrial processes to handle large quantities of people. 

Both this and Afghanistan were extremely wrong, but they cannot be compared.
The RIAA.
All genocide should be answered with the same amount of worldwide anger...to start classifying is to start giving the murderers an excuse to belittle their crimes.

But the tragedy you uphold so highly has also taught the Jewish population nothing. They continue to treat Palestinians like the Nazis treated them...I wonder if in those circumstances you even have a right to get on such a high pedestal.
&gt; All genocide should be answered with the same amount of worldwide anger

This isn't genocide. Genocide has to be intentional, these are casualties of a nasty unnecessary war. 

But oil pipelines need to be built and the Taleban weren't forthcoming. It was their downfall. 

&gt; I wonder if in those circumstances you even have a right to get on such a high pedestal.

Piss off, you are preaching to the choir on that one. I am one of Israel's largest critics on this site.

Israel does not equal Judaism and people like you that confuse this are the problem that allows them to get away with it.
6 Million unnecessary deaths &gt; 4 million unnecessary deaths.
UNESCO, apparently (United Nations)
The Holocaust was much larger than six million, unless you are only counting the Jewish deaths. 

It's not the numbers that are important, if they were then the Native American Holocaust would be far more prominent. It's the way in which it was done that made the Holocaust one of the most evil events in human history. 

Traditional genocides involve soldiers executing whole villages on the spot. Easy to do, but people always survive. These guys where isolated, shipped off to camps, worked to death, gassed then cremated. Why? Because the numbers were so large that you could not physically deal with the corpses. Hence my mention of industrial processes. 

What's going on in Iraq and Afghanistan are also evil, but for entirely different reasons.
I only mentioned Auschwitz, not the Holocaust. 4 Million deaths according to Wikipedia.

&gt;Because the numbers were so large that you could not physically deal with the corpses.

And yet, people seem to manage quite well in Afghanistan.

&gt;What's going on in Iraq and Afghanistan are also evil, but for entirely different reasons.

I'm not disputing that. Nobody was comparing motives or methods, not even the writer of the article, just deathtolls.
This book: [BODY COUNT. Global avoidable mortality since 1950](http://globalbodycount.blogspot.com/)

But:

&gt; (that have so far caused 3.4 million excess deaths in the Occupied Iraqi and Afghan Territories alone, mostly of Women and Children)

&gt; the post-invasion avoidable mortality and under-5 infant mortality in Occupied Iraq and Afghanistan now total 3.4 million and 2.4 million, respectively

&gt; The post-invasion avoidable mortality in the Occupied Palestinian, Iraqi and Afghan Territories totals 0.3, 1.0 and 2.4 million, respectively, and the post-invasion under-5 infant mortality totals 0.2, 0.5 and 1.9 million, respectively (as of mid-2007).

I don't think he, or the article's author, can add. But who knows without having the actual book and checking facts and conclusions.
Let me take you back to Vietnam, a time when &amp; a place where the people of the U.S. were constantly being reminded of the number of U.S. combat deaths.  The final 'official' toll, nowhere near the actual toll, was 57,000+.  What the people of the U.S. were not being told, EVER, was the number of deaths of Vietnamese.  Eventually we learned that it was well over 3 million.

When you take an army of kids who are equipped and ordered to kill anything that moves into a country for a decade and bomb the shit out of it, a LOT of people die.

Yes, millions. Your tax dollars at work, spreading democracy around the world.  Sleep tight.
Yes, let's review history.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXKHw0EZrqM
im going to have to agree with you here afghanistan has been in a nearly constant state of warfare for over 20 years really its entire history actually. so i doubt the invasion is the main cause od deaths. a better way to blame the US would be the US supporting the muhjadeen against the soviets.
No need to get angry. But saying that oil pipelines need to be built and that Taliban weren't forthcoming is like saying that concentration camps needed to be filled and the jews weren't forthcoming.

That's how detestable that sounds to me, and if you haven't heard, Israel is a Judaic democracy.
&gt; But saying that oil pipelines need to be built and that Taliban weren't forthcoming

Sarcasm. 


&gt; and if you haven't heard, Israel is a Judaic democracy.

I know. But I refuse to allow them to even mention the Holocaust as justification of their actions. I make a point of never calling Israeli's "Jews". They have been manipulating this guilt for the entire length of their countries history. It makes me angry, as as you point out their treatment of the Palestinians and the beliefs that allow it are 100% Nazi doctrine.
You would think something as important as this would be picked up by at least one major newspaper or News station somewhere. 

You would think such incredible statistics would be picked up by one anti-war group or even anti-american group somewhere in the world.

You would think something this big would be sourced.

None of this has been done because it is bullshit. If any disagree find me the source - it should be easy enough.
No its not. It cannot be found because it does not exist.
This is a complete load of shit, even Al [Jeezera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/9852FDE3-48AF-4B83-8ACE-F95FAB5FA24E.htm) doesn't have the balls to lie like that
Absolutely correct.
Hate America + Propaganda = 6 Million.
I see your point now.

Summary:
I only mentioned Auschwitz, not the Holocaust.
6 Million unnecessary deaths &gt; 4 million unnecessary deaths.
I see your point now.
&gt; That's what you're doing with respect to the Afghan civilian death toll m8.
&gt; I wonder if in those circumstances you even have a right to get on such a high pedestal.
It would be ironic if the *Allies* had created a "New Auschwitz".
No need to get angry.
That's what you're doing with respect to the Afghan civilian death toll m8.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
