Original Response:
Is the sky falling in, too?
[deleted]
I'm heavy in commodities and bonds. This is good news for me.
Bear Stearns gambled away almost 30 billion on a bad subprime bet, but Cletus McTaxpayer gets stuck with the bill. Imagine if you could go to Vegas and gamble as much as you want, if you win you get to keep everything but if you lose you can arrange for someone else to cover the loss (even people who don't gamble have to chip in). You've just imagined Wall Street.
Not if the entire system collapses.  Unless by commodities you mean food and guns, then they'll be just about worthless when a loaf of bread is 50 bucks.
Yeah, but then again you're overreacting. The entire system will not collapse. 

Remember, when there's blood on the street it's time to buy...
I'm not sure if I'd call it good news, but maybe less bad;).
If I'm making money, it's good
[deleted]
beans and rice, that's my investments. Oh and oatmeal. Investing in public transportation is good too. I wonder if now that I have a 25 lb bag of rice I should move up to the 50 pounder...
[deleted]
Concern for my fellow man?

Their are only two types of people in stocks; winners and losers. Which would you chose to be?
Spring sale, get your dollar now, only 99 yen!
Perhaps you were being metaphorical with your "blood on the street" comment. If that's the case, then I take no offense. 

But some of us have considered that there might be real blood on real streets, which is what I was reacting to. 

The context of your comment (responding the Omikron's "food and guns" comment) seemed like you were being literal.
[deleted]
The comment "buy when there's blood on the streets" is a famous saying from Wall Street, and is not to be taken as a literally.

Buying when everyone else is panicked is a proven way to make a lot of money.
The FEDs is 3-quarter of their way running out of options.

This maybe the start of a very very volatile, if not disastrous, week of March 2008. Might even stretch to a 2-week spread of 'bloodbath' worst than Mai Lai massacre.
buy silver rounds
We should know this week. While I don't think we will suffer some type of depression, our economy is really close to tanking worse than it already is. Other than a mortgage, I have no real debt, and I am very thankful for that! Others who chose to live beyond their means may be having some very serious problems shortly with energy and food prices going up...and pay rates staying the same. Granted, it's their own damn fault, but we (you, me, and everyone else) will feel the ripples (we already are).

The sky isn't falling for me, and hopefully not you, but it may be for lots of people here very shortly.
Maybe but that doesn't mean things aren't going to get A LOT worse before they get better.  It's been so long since this country has seen and real hardship people forget how bad things can get.
Simply because it hasn't happened for a while doesn't mean it should happen now...

The worst that will happen is we will have a recession, markets will turn bear, and the dollar will slide until the fed starts to raise rates again. However this is not a circa 1920 style crash...
Yes, these actions are helping people who were irresponsible. That doesn't mean they aren't helping everyone else as well.
&gt;Simply because it hasn't happened for a while doesn't mean it should happen now...

Simply because it hasn't happened for a while doesn't mean it can't happen now...

*There I fixed that for you*
Plastics. There's a great future in plastics. Think about it. Will you think about it?
Euros I can see. But sugar? Why sugar?
I'm gonna let the dow sink to below the 10,000 mark, then put in my savings. I yanked all my investment back in October - probably too early, but it loox like a good move now. I should have gone into commodities, and I was thinking about it. but now it's too late and they are overvalued.
I'd invest in any company that makes alcohol, antidepressants, guns or security systems.
It's not just the dollar, the Icelandic Krona fell by almost 6%. It was at 70 kr to 1 USD before the weekend, now it's at 75.
the end is near. save what you can.
&gt;&gt;Why sugar?

First you get the sugar.  Then you get the power.  Then you get the women.
Dow up 0.03%.  Look at that baby tumble.
The question is: Is everybody panicked _enough_ already?
Be sure to take a look at the Dow priced in gold. Basically, when you take inflation into account (which gold basically eliminates for the most part), you'll see that the Dow, even at its 14k peak was actually real-world-value far below its actual value peak a few years prior.

Its not a bad idea to 'buy low, sell high' of course, but people often don't think about the losses to inflation when considering long term investments. Just a thought.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I have [no] idea what you are quoting, if anything, but I can see this becoming the words I live by from now on.
OH GOD THE WORLD IS ENDING!
I don't think he's talking about fructose+glucose sugar.

See #3:
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=sugar
Actually, it kinda does. Even if it is somehow directly helping others currently (and so far I'm just taking your word on that), it's still creating a huge incentive for irresponsibility that will be bad for everyone in the long run, if not the short.
That's definitely great advice, and I am thinking about it. I just have no idea what to do about it. But you're right - I wasn't thinking about it back in October.
Scarface

[In this country,first you get the money, then you get the power,THEN you get the woman.](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=first+you+get+the+money%2C+then+you+get+the+power%2C+then+you+get+the+woman)
The market expects a big rate cut tomorrow from the FED. Perhaps 75 base points.
Right, there's a balance that has to be struck in terms of moral hazard, but that's not what I hear anyone talking about. All the comments I'm seeing on reddit say that any taxpayer-funded bailout is wrong. That's not true.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Homer Simpson.  The Simpsons episode 1F17, [Lisa's Rival](http://snpp.com/episodes/1F17.html).
Wow, that worked so well the last time.
only 97 yen!
I'd prefer rice. You can't really eat sugar.
Because sugar futures are always a safe bet, particularly in down markets - every one has to eat. Considering the diet of the average North American includes a pound of sugar a day, it`s a sure bet.
Mine is in 'figurative' expression. The Mai Lai massacre exudes chaos. You may probably recall the shot taken, wherein everyone (including naked youngsters &amp; ragheaded adults) on the road are 'running' insanely because 'blood' is everywhere.

That may happen in Wall Street for the next several days when you see folks sitting on curbs like zombies, folks rushing in &amp; out of banks, trading floor with redden-faced people.
Drop the bonds. NOW.
[deleted]
JP Morgan has no obligation to repay either the interest or the principal (*edit: okay, maybe the principal*) on the Fed's 30B loan.  From a business perspective, why would they?

Effectively, this is a sop to JPM, as best as I can tell.  

* Bernanke: "Please buy BSC so the market calms down.

* JPM: "Buy their bad bets?  Fuck that!"

* Bernanke: "What if I loaned you $30B and you didn't have to pay it back?"

* JPM: "Well why didn't you say so?  Of course I want to calm down the market!"

*transaction proceeds at fire-sale price*

*taxpayers' savings get devalued as a result of JPM's likely nonpayment of $30B funny money*
you forgot repo operations and collections agencies
&gt; Investing in public transportation is good too.

Uhh, with municipal budgets the way they are?

I'd buy a bike on Craigslist instead...
my neighbor's kidneys are lookin' good
If they didn't repay the loan, wouldn't that ruin their credit rating? Just because there's no collateral at risk doesn't mean there aren't any other incentives for them to repay the loan.

Most of us here on reddit don't understand everything that's going on, which is why the certainty with which people are spouting their conspiracy theories annoys me.
Oh, I believe that's the case -- the Fed won't hand them another 30B if they blow this one.  But at the same time, the no-recourse provision means that, at the very least, they could probably get away with refusing to pay the interest and not take the hit.
but .... how many Krona you can get for them?????
A few "campaign contributions" to a few senators and the debt will disappear.  Long after we've stopped paying attention of course.
&gt; the diet of the average North American includes a pound of sugar a day

?
JP Morgan doesn't just borrow from the Fed. If they default on the Fed's loan, they will have to pay higher interest rates on loans they take out from other banks.
Yes - that was quoted recently in In Defense of Food. Here`s an article from 1992, which pegged consumption at that time at half a pound a day:
http://www.consumerhealth.org/articles/display.cfm?ID=19990303141416

We have increased since then, and this is the average. This includes added sugar in processed foods, sodas, and just about everything you eat that you don`t make from scratch using whole foods.

EDIT: As evidence, I implore you to check out the asses of 10 people you pass on the street.
I blame the Democrats ! http://www.crosstabs.org/stories/congress/the_pelosi_recession
I'm converting all of my holdings to the currency they use on Yapp -- denominated in gigantic stones with holes in the middle.

I propose the creation of a Federal Stones With Holes Reserve at Ft. Knox.
Serious question. Let's say I saw the "credit crunch" coming from a mile away. I had two options in 2002. Build my credit up, or screw it up with a mission.

I chose the latter. I ran that credit up, I have tons of good material goods, guns, ammo, long term food, and a manufactured home on 2.5 acres I paid 38k for, then spent 3900 more setting up solar power for and putting better insulation in. That land is the only thing I have paid off. Most important though I have 2k in face silver and a few ounces of gold, along with a couple thousand cash.

I couldn't get a credit card right now to save my life. Who is more squared away logistically though? The guy who has no debt, and nothing to show for it, or me?

(The above is theoretical. Just a question.)
how exactly do you invest in public transportation?
yes yes ... the dollar is falling. everyone knows the deal. You've either protected yourself against or haven't.
Sooo,

We should grow pot.  

"Look at most currency collapses, and find out what people rush to convert their worthless paper into.

Pot holds value, and in the post market crash, is enough of a commodity that it can be bartered with, and is readily available before the imminent riots that most people choose it."

Plus it is a better holder of value than sugar.
Feeling foolish yet?
I guess that makes sense, although in down times I would figure something like grain would be more valuable.
Why not just do it backwards? tax corporations and give $1000 to every poor person? It's obvious they have a poor track record of saving and financial planning so they will spend it all on the economy anyways. Sort of a trickle-up effect. Makes just as much sense.
[deleted]
All of your savings?
Heh. No, just the stack of smax that is currently parked in my "Savings" account. I have IRAs and 401(k)s for retirement, and long-term investment like bonds, money market funds, and CDs for "Savings". Then I have this totally useless "Savings" account, which earns nothing. And I usually go for hands-free investments like index funds and crap.
Some folk'll never eat a skunk but then again some folk'll
Like Cletus the Slacked jawed Yokel

Pretty irrelevant to the topic but I had to post that to try and get the tune out of my head after reading it.
Okay, that sounds a bit more sensible indeed. :)
The precedent this move sets is startlingly and overwhelmingly horrifying.  These high risk loans suddenly have become low risk.  You think any lessons have been learned?

Well, aside from the "Hey, if we make huge gambles and fail horribly, it's okay because we'll get bailed out.  We're too big to fail!"
Gold is about $1050/oz, Oil is $111 a barrel, both climbing constantly to new records every week. Been to your local market to buy eggs, meats, milk, or bread lately?
Just like everyone else, you leave a deposit on the floor.
Not a good time to have shares in Bjork Inc.
Well, I don't think the apocalypse is coming. If it was, you might be set a little better than others. I understand what you are saying, but America will still be here in 5 years; I don't foresee rampant looting, collapse of government, and bands of roving food gangs. We're just headed into some tough economic times. We'll pull through (I think) overall, but many families are going to be significantly hurt $$.

I think one thing most people don't realize is even with our economic woes, we still have more than many parts of the globe: I am talking about economic power from the individual. Our take home wages are still better than most parts of Europe (we don't have very high taxes), so we still have the ability to live well, even in times like this.

Some crazy shit is happening on Wall Street, but I don't think it's the end, or the beginning of the end. It's a hiccup and it may last several years.

But keep your guns clean and the ammo stored correctly; I could be wrong.
[deleted]
assuming they don't just buy the other banks ;-)
[deleted]
Depends on what you mean by "worked". It did cause a rally, although it was short term.

I'm not a fan of inflation or the FED. I'm just stating that the market expects a rate cut tomorrow.
Markets up ~80 points as of now.

Are *you* feeling foolish yet?
What do any of those have to do with the fact that stocks aren't, in fact, tumbling today?
[Not Really.](http://chart.finance.yahoo.com/c/6m/_/_dji)
What about funeral homes and toilet paper?  Everybody has to shit and die.
The basis rate is continually being lowered to keep the stock market stable. It works, but it's causing inflation - and that's why all of the prices are going up. The prices really aren't changing, but the dollar value is going down. The debt is being baked into the money every time they fire up the printing presses.

Here's the short version...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byebxE9k4vo

Summary:
I just have no idea what to do about it.
If I'm making money, it's good.
That doesn't mean they aren't helping everyone else as well.
Well, I don't think the apocalypse is coming.
* JPM: "Buy their bad bets?
I don't think he's talking about fructose+glucose sugar.
If that's the case, then I take no offense.
Remember, when there's blood on the street it's time to buy...
Investing in public transportation is good too.
First you get the sugar.
I should have gone into commodities, and I was thinking about it.
It works, but it's causing inflation - and that's why all of the prices are going up.
Then you get the power.
That land is the only thing I have paid off.
The prices really aren't changing, but the dollar value is going down.
* Bernanke: "What if I loaned you $30B and you didn't have to pay it back?"
* JPM: "Well why didn't you say so?
The entire system will not collapse.
The market expects a big rate cut tomorrow from the FED.
but .... how many Krona you can get for them????
That's definitely great advice, and I am thinking about it.
&gt; Investing in public transportation is good too.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.14
