Original Response:
It's stunning how much Israeli cock Republicans can gobble down.  Simply stunning.

How about a little more balanced view on this rolling disaster we call the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?
What the hell? How can a person in power, elected to be a representative of a democratic society get away with labels such as "chosen people"?  

As far as I understand, the current western worldview operates under the premise of people being ultimately equal, with differences being in opinions. (To prevent a flamestorm - yes, it's a very general statement, but for the purpose of my point, pertinent). 

To use such language automatically elevates the recipient of the term above others - not to mention being horribly inadequate and misleading. Neo was the Chosen One. Luke Skywalker was the chosen one; Jet Li was the One in one of his movies (don't remember the name of the character. Eragon was the chosen one. Et cetera... 

Usually,such titles are wrought with portent and carry a strong sense of predetermined destiny. As a counterpunch, note how all the names in the list are fictional characters. Discrepancy much?
I am assuming at least at this point, god (or whatever) is seriously regretting it's 'choice'
Why should he meet with the Palestinians on the day to honor the 60th anniversary of Israels founding. Palestinians dont believe in the right of the Jewish people to have a state in Israel, this has always been true and was shown recently when they elected Hamas into power. Hamas' platform says that Israel has no right to exist. It is up to the Palestinian people and govt to recognize that right.
I thought the UK was the USAs closest ally. Seriously. The concessions the UK has made over the years have been huge. Israel just seems to get big free hand-outs. As a British citizen I find it very annoying that Bush doesn't consider the UK the USAs closest ally.
[deleted]
Why should a people, who were there before the Diaspora began, who were displaced and denied their own rights to a state, recognise that calim by the Israelis?
[deleted]
&gt; How?

Because *nobody's doing anything to stop him*
If I Stole your house, What would it take for you to recognize that it is mine and that you can never have it back? What would you do to try and take it back?
The Anglo-Saxon sphere, for all its flaws, is one of mutual interests, at least.
&gt; Palestinians dont believe in the right of the Jewish people to have a state in Israel ...

Statements this broad, this laced with certainty and absolutism, full of perfect knowledge of others' motivations, always indicate a vast, willful, stubborn ignorance on the part of the author.
and so the idiot heir put into words every conceivable prejudice of American-Jewish relation as though it were reality.
think outside the box.
"Denied their own rights to a state"? When Israel was founded in '48 a proposal was put forth for two states, one Jewish (Israel) and the other Palestinian. The arab countries rejected it, had they not their would the palestinians would have had statehood as long as Israel.
Israel, who knew?
I reject your analogy completley, Israel didnt steal anything. They were exiled from the Land of Israel on many different occasions. The Land of Israel is the homeland of the Jewish people by divine right. It was promised to the Jews (as the "chosen people") by God in the Bible.
[deleted]
Wake up; Israeli support is not a partisan issue.
I thought Christians were against the right to choose...
Mmmm... not really.  Democrats will snuggle and whisper sweet nothings, but Republicans will suppress the gag reflex like a real trooper and put lips on balls - on a first date.

Dems do it 'cause it's good to have an ally in the region.  Republicans do it 'cause they think it'll make Jesus come back sooner.  Guess who's bat guano crazy?
[Umm... Hillary strongly supported the separation wall Israel was building](http://www.imemc.org/article/15028)
Wow.

Amazing!
The Bible also tells you to [kill](http://skepticsannotatedbible.com/dt/17.html) anyone of a different religion so why do you support the Jews?
That is not an argument. It is spurious religious dogma.
Bc Im Jewish. And for the record I dont believe that people of other religions should be killed. I do believe that the Jews have a devine right to Israel as their homeland. If you have a problem with that, whatever, you have your opinion I have mine.
Bush's speech represents a typical one-dimentional view of the world by an idiot/born-again Christian.
Jews were living peacefully side by side with Muslims and Christians before the state of Israel existed though.

So are you arguing that the holy land ought to be controlled by Jews, or simply that Jews should be able to live there.
[deleted]
Can the UK bring about the second coming of Christ? Didn't think so...
Why would the creator of the entire universe (stars, galaxies, black holes and such) be bothered with who owns a patch of dirt called Palestine/Israel? The divine right argument is so transparently just a land grab legitimized in religion millennia ago, it's ridiculous.
Takiyanz--My original argument was: "Why should he meet with the Palestinians on the day to honor the 60th anniversary of Israels founding. Palestinians dont believe in the right of the Jewish people to have a state in Israel, this has always been true and was shown recently when they elected Hamas into power. Hamas' platform says that Israel has no right to exist. It is up to the Palestinian people and govt to recognize that right."
The Jews, after leaving Israel were oppressed in Europe (Tsarist Russia and post-Napoleonic France, and the Spanish Inquistion are examples I can think of off the top of my head). The major reason that the founding of Israel was supported by the international community was bc of Hitler and the Holocaust. The need for a Jewish state was very strong. Now today, innocent Israelis are killed every year by muslim terrorists. Of course Israel should be controlled by Jews, it is a Jewish state. It is also a democracy, the only one in the middle east. So its controlled by the people, who are jewish of course.
Quick remember how many points this story has before NY wakes up.

6:33 am NY time:
points	29
up votes	86
down votes	57
Do you refer to me or to Dubya? Just for clarity's sake:)
Imagine a group of foreign nations carving up your country and handing it over to someone else while you stand helplessly by and are forced out of your own home. If you fight back, you're a terrorist.
The only reason Jews are killed in Israel today is because of state sanctioned terror. The Israeli government and Zionist movement systematically controls Palestinian points in such a manner that it chokes the people into a cycle of depression and death.

Why don't you speak of the stern gang or king david hotel bombing. Acts of terror perpetuated by European Jews before the state of Israel existed. 

Your last point is so ridiculous It's comical. Israel is not a democracy when it ensures that the population always maintains a Jewish majority. It's a militaristic racist colony that ensures it's survival by feeding of others. Hamas was democratically elected in an election that was judged fair and to international rigor. What do you have to say about that?
There is actually a contest between Republicans and Democrats on who will gobble more inches of Jewish/Israeli cock. It's not over yet, stay tuned.
It just goes to show it's all one-way traffic.
if you for a moment believed the UK was the US closest ally you've not read between the lines of the history we're taught.

Prior to US involvement in WWII, 'our closest ally' juiced pretty much every last ounce of gold out of the British Empire with the lend lease agreement.  There was long antipathy towards the British with large swathes of the US population and political class.  

Even when it came to the post-WWII Marshall Plan the UK didn't get much out of it, and was left saddled with the huge debts that were built up during the lend lease agreement that were only paid off in the last few years.  US policy was designed to ensure that Britain was left without an empire at the end of the war, hence also why no support was given to the Suez War that without US pressure to stop would have been a UK/French/Israeli success.

The 'special relationship' has long been an abusive one, like a regular friday night post pub shag, that you have no intention of actually treating well afterwards.
[deleted]
Because nobody can do anything about it?
The election of Hamas was fair! Thats my point, the Palestinians freely elected a terrorist group to lead them. It showed that the Palestinian people support terrorism. It was a free election so you cant blame Israel on that one, although im sure youll find a way in your own mind. So should the U.S. and Israel be forced to make deals with a group that is committed to Israels destruction just bc thats what the Palestinians say? How can they be expected to make peace with a group committed to their destruction?
the US, the UK and the French own all the big oil corporations, or probably more properly all the big oil corporations own the US, the UK and the French
Well, he's a jew. He's superior to all of us "goyim." He's one of God's Chosen People, don't you know.
You don't get it do you. Hitler did to the Jews  what Zionism is doing to the Palestinians. Both groups created an environment where it was impossible to survive with any ounce of dignity. The different is the Hitler was blatant in his act of genocide, Israel is more cunning and discrete.  

I know these seem like strong words but if you take your nationalistic goggles of you would realise it.

Palestinians are acting in self defence. Sure some of the tactics they use are reprehensible but what do you expect them to do, take Israel to court? When the only way you can make your enemy listen is through violence what do you do?
Hey, lets all go around to Blazers house.  I'll take the ground floor and the upstairs, he can have the garden.

What, you're not happy? Bloody Anti-Semite.  You're offered the garden for fucks sake and now your trying to evict me from my part of the house. You're trying to punch and kick me out??  I need to build a wall between the garden and the house until you recognise my right to live in my home in peace - all I want is peace and to go about my daily life. Can you not understand I’m a peace loving person?

Until you let me live in peace I'll treat you like the terrorist you are.  I'll stop any deliveries of food and supplies I see fit.  I reserve the right to fly over your garden and execute your family when I see fit.  I'll poor my sewage into your pond, destroy your diesel generator and use the provision of my electricity as an economic weapon.

BTW - There are parts of your garden that by rights belong to me (because a mystic magic man who came to me in a dream said so.)  Therefore I'm going to move some of my family into parts of your garden. Of course I need a path between my family and the house and because you’re so violent towards us these paths will be for our use only.  Of course, we need an area each side that is devoid of you, for our security.  I know your veg. garden is on this land but that will have to go - its your fault for being terrorists and Anti-Semitic. We'll be digging it up and removing all the fruit trees we see fit.

I could go on and on, but you see the point.
Bobby Keneddy was known to refer to Biblical verses, too. Is this any different?

 "It was the redemption of an ancient promise given to Abraham and Moses and David -- a homeland for the chosen people Eretz Yisrael."
On behalf of the entire USA,  I apologize for saving your Limey asses. Twice.
I missed the moment where we were told that Jordan has ***banned*** commemoration of Nakba.

No doubt you'll be able to point me to your Reddit submission that decries such a totalitarian approach.
http://reddit.com/info/6jlku/comments/c0415b4
http://reddit.com/info/6jlku/comments/c0415b4
Stupid isn't a commendation
8:18 am NY time: 
points	36
up votes	141
down votes	105
There is a fairly big difference between quoting verses from the Bible and calling Israelis the "chosen people" in your own speech (not that Bush wrote it, but nevertheless). If you read the article, it also mentions that Bush also took the traditional oath that Israeli soldiers take at Masada and said that "Masada shall never fall again".
I'm not for a moment saying that the UK shouldn't be grateful for the assistance it received during those conflicts, but it wasn't quite the selfless act of generosity that at times it's made out to be.

One of the US's long term policy objectives was to remove a rival empire with a global scope, not an unreasonable geo-political objective, just one I wish the British would, in part, accept.  

The 'special relationship' is regarded a great deal more special in Westminster than it is in Washington, who clearly regard the alliance with Israel as much more significant
That is actually a pretty good comparison of the situation, but let's not forget the cops who will periodically come and chastise blazers531 for trying to resist tobybuk's take over of a part of the garden. They will also bring tobybuk a new car every year and lots of nice, expensive gifts. tobybuk will also make monthly vists to blazer531's remaining parts of the garden to slap his family around and destroy the shack that they live in, all because blazer531 threw some mud at the side of the house.
Wtf?

So Israel is more full of chosen people than america now? I'm not american but I thought you guys put yourselves first?

Wow. Who the fuck voted for this guy twice?
I seem to recall the British Empire juicing every last drop of profit out of China, India, South Africa and Australia.  There's that pesky 'Opium War' thing too.  

Face it.  Everything we did we learned from the British.  Then we added some.
I believe that the position of Hamas is and was that there would be a ceasefire if Israel withdrew from all land occupied in 1967. The problem with your argument is that all the "road maps for peace" touted by the US administration have failed mainly due to the continual expansion of Israeli settlements into Palestinian land. The Israelis went from the "right to exist" to the slow annexation of Palestinian land, effectively turning the remaining areas into an economically unviable sections of land, in which all buildings and remaining infrastructure are being systematically destroyed/bulldozed by the Israeli army. The West Bank and the Gaza strip have been basically turned into something akin to the Warsaw ghetto.
Russian won the land war in Europe, not the western allies. But keep watching those war propaganda movies if that's what makes you happy.
What does your dad say about those who don't believe that the jews are the chosen people -- ya'know those who belong to other religions.

He'd probably tell us we're all going to burn in hell....
Anyone who says something this stupid needs to be tossed into a volcano.  Seriously, I'm not even going to explain the basis for my reasoning, just toss fuckers as pathetic as bobcat into fucking volcanoes.
I'm not making any defence for the behaviour of the British Empire or the colonial project.  One of the reasons the US didn't particularly want to help the British Empire is the general distaste felt, rightly, by the US public for the colonial powers behaviour around the world.

The British didn't exactly prove themselves to be the perfect ally of the US either.  Churchill deliberately withheld an advanced warning of the attack on Pearl Harbour as he knew such an attack would force the US into the war.
Your view that the Jews have a divine right to Israel as their homeland simply makes you a Jewish fundamentalist. So there is no confusion, you are a person who has absolute faith in the absolute truth of your convictions so that no amount of factual data can ever dislodge these convictions. I would venture as far as to call it "blind faith" and "zealotry". 


Your views are akin to me coming into your house and saying "I have a divine right to your house!" If you asked me why, I would tell you that it's because my God said so. Pretty ridiculous, eh?
Manifest destiny in action.
Thats because little bush is a zionist fuck.  He is also a trotskiite.  look it up.
The line of explanation you guys are going down seems pretty close to the way it's been working out.  Trouble is the other fella is probably interpretting it as "dog-pile on the jew" and has likely shutdown the part of his brain that allows him to be persuaded a short while ago.  

I find that people get really hostile when you call into question the validity of elements of their faith/upbringing.  

Still, it's interesting to see how the situation is interpretted from the Jewish-Israeli perspective alongside a couple of outsider perspectives.  

It's not all Leon Uris and Joe Sacco anymore.
blazers, I suggest that you read The Declaration of Establishment of the State of Israel, a piece of which I'm quoting below. Read it, and think about how the Israelis have broken it.


*THE STATE OF ISRAEL will be open for Jewish immigration and for the Ingathering of the Exiles; it will foster the development of the country for the benefit of all its inhabitants; it will be based on freedom, justice and peace as envisaged by the prophets of Israel; it will ensure complete equality of social and political rights to all its inhabitants irrespective of religion, race or sex; it will guarantee freedom of religion, conscience, language, education and culture; it will safeguard the Holy Places of all religions; and it will be faithful to the principles of the Charter of the United Nations.*
Pretty sure he was referencing Israel as a homeland for the chosen people, as they were referred to in the scripture Bush subscribes to, rather than referring to "Israelis as chosen people"
The actions of the current Israeli government violate the principles upon which it was founded...



[The Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel](http://www.mfa.gov.il/MFA/Peace%20Process/Guide%20to%20the%20Peace%20Process/Declaration%20of%20Establishment%20of%20State%20of%20Israel)
*THE STATE OF ISRAEL will be open for Jewish immigration and for the Ingathering of the Exiles; it will foster the development of the country for the benefit of all its inhabitants; it will be based on freedom, justice and peace as envisaged by the prophets of Israel; it will ensure complete equality of social and political rights to all its inhabitants irrespective of religion, race or sex; it will guarantee freedom of religion, conscience, language, education and culture; it will safeguard the Holy Places of all religions; and it will be faithful to the principles of the Charter of the United Nations.*
9:18 am NY time: 

Points: 45

Upvotes: 172

Down: 127

Looks like furry8 didn't have anything to worry about.
9:20 am NY time: points	38
up votes	170
down votes	132
To be fair Bush said that the US was Israel's closest ally, rather than vice versa. I don't think anyone else fills those shoes better. Or at all.
The difference is God actually did say the Jews have a divine right to Israel. God didnt say you had the divine right to my house. Obviously we will have to agree to disagree on that point, we have different beliefs.
The problem is that neither mine nor blazer's nor tobybuk's view of the situation might be representative of the rest of the population.
Completely untrue

There were the arab riots of 1929

http://palestinefacts.org/pf_mandate_riots_1929.php

The Jaffa riots

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaffa_riots

The Arab revolt of 36-39

http://palestinefacts.org/pf_mandate_riots_1936-39.php

etc
[deleted]
The Israeli's won the war against Syria, so the 1967 land is theres, not the Palestinians. Why should the Israeli's appease terrorists? Perhaps the Palestinians would have a better case if terrorist attacks ceased.
[deleted]
In no way an accurate comparison, Jews were living in what was then called Palestine for thousands of years. In the late 1800s Jewish emigration began to increase, with Jews legally buying land, in many cases poor land and then developing it. As Jewish emigration rose due to antisemitism, the Arabs began becoming increasingly hostile to the Jewish presence. For example, as I wrote above, there were the Arab riots of 1929.

http://palestinefacts.org/pf_mandate_riots_1929.php

The Jaffa riots

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaffa_riots

The arab revolt of 1936-39

http://palestinefacts.org/pf_mandate_riots_1936-39.php

http://domino.un.org/UNISPAL.NSF/a47250072a3dd7950525672400783bde/fd4d250af882632b052565d2005012c3!OpenDocument

In 1947 half of the Palestinian mandate, Transjordan, became a new state, the other state was then divided into two states, one state had a Jewish majority, the other had an Arab majority. 

Unfortunately, the state with the Arab majority, along with the surrounding Arab states, declared a " war of extermination and a momentous massacre which will be spoken of like the Mongolian massacres and the Crusades"  in their own words, against the state with the Jewish majority. While the Palestinian leader called for Arabs to "Kill the Jews wherever you find them" Very literally trying to steal the land of the Jewish state.
yeah, but Hillary is more Republican than McCain... (and has bigger balls)
what about the Dutch?
Please read this to understand what is meant by "chosen".

Thank you.

http://www.rosenblit.com/CHOSEN.htm
10:18 am NY time: 
points	44
up votes	188
down votes	144
Plenty of Arab countries stole jewish land in 1948, you do not see those jews blowing themselves up in Cairo and Damascus because they were taken in by Israel. It's unfortunate that the same cannot happen for the palestinians.
I always ignore the second part of the double barrelled bit Anglo-Dutch Shell, because I'm prone to silly oversights
Incorrect. Hamas' position is that the destruction of Israel is the solution. They have not removed this from their charter. 

There is very little in common between the Warsaw Ghetto and Gaza ... you need to read up on your history and stop with ridiculous talking points.
[deleted]
I think the point here is that both sides need to cool down and stop taking shots at each other.  Both sides need to get control over their respective crazies.  The Palestinians need to get control over the radicals who support suicide bombing.  The Israelis need to get control over the settlers.  

Everyone needs to chill the fuck out.  Everyone needs to abandon using religion in support of rapid nationalism.  They need to stop trying to hurt each other.  How difficult is that to grasp?
Actually they both did only the western allies held back but hey you're the guy who said Scotland isn't part of the UK and that you guys threw Blair out of office in disgrace and got a new AWESOME PM to replace him.

The Russian winter has always been more effective than it's army anyway.
It's religion in support of nationalism.  It's the hot, new trend in international relations since the end of the cold war (when ideological battles were over communism).
It's religion in support of nationalism, and because it's religion, it's far more intractable than simply battles over ideology.  That's why religion in support of nationalism is so poisonous.
You're just as nutty as the Jesus freaks.  You know that, right?
yeah, Americans must feel pretty much shat on right about now. Their prez is over there sucking ass, yet Americans are told to "suck it up" when their economy goes down the crapper, all their jobs are outsourced, their middle class and poor class are forced to join the army to pay for school (and get blown up in some pointless war).
What was it called... something along the lines  of... Chimpeach the Chimperor?
That's wonderful.  Thank you for that important history lesson that excuses Israelis from having to deal with Palestinians honestly.

So anyways... it would be nice if both sides could start trying to be less brutal to each other.  How about giving that a shot?
How has Palestinian non-violent protestation been labeled as "terrorist?"
So when did the UK become part of continental Europe?

Keep making snide irrelevant comments if that's what makes you happy.
Chosen for annihilation by the Jews.
&gt; So when did the UK become part of continental Europe?

Germany had no possibility of invading UK, and their bombers were destroyed by the RAF during the Battle Of Britain. Check the history books, they lacked the ability to move tanks over water.

The liberation of France and beyond was absolutely dependant on the US Higgins Boats. The only equivalent Germany had was a psy-ops program to make the Brits waste resources defending against an attack that could never come. Germany could not invade. This was their biggest mistake in the war, they should have focused on this instead of attacking Russia. If they had not been fighting on two fronts then the allies would most likely have been defeated in western Europe. 

&gt; Keep making snide irrelevant comments if that's what makes you happy.

Isn't that what you just did? Except adding "uneducated" perhaps.
I never said any of that, but believe it if makes you happy. Brown is an ass and there is no way I would have ever posted anything in his defence.
LOL, excuse my misunderstanding. I thought you were crediting the Russians for having provided the distractions necessary for the UK to be saved. 

I agree with you; the UK saved itself because Hitler was a one-trick hoe.
Bush just feels guilty since he Grand Pappy help lead the way to the holocaust.

Bush, the Polish lost just as many people.  Are they chosen as well?

Stop the jew agenda.
Bush is a secret jew.
LOL no he isn't.  We don't want him!
Well it makes sense that he would politically attack a secret muslim.
&gt;“Do not say in your heart, when HaShem pushes them away from before you, saying, ‘Because of my righteousness does HaShem bring me to possess this Land’; for, because of the wickedness of these nations does HaShem drive them away from before you. Not because of your righteousness and the uprightness of your heart are you coming to possess their Land, but because of the wickedness of these nations does HaShem, your God, drive them away from before you, and in order to establish the Word that HaShem swore to your forefathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob. And you should know that not because of your righteousness does HaShem, your God, give you this good Land to possess it; for, you are a stiff-necked people.” (Deut. 9:4-6).

'The Chosen People' - made up bullshit used to justify tribal hostility since back when the bible was being written.
I don't think so.  We more regret taking His shitty deal.  Choose someone else already!
The guy is complaining the UK had to pay back money it borrowed! And that Britain no longer has colonies of brown people!

Your volcano is misdirected.
Obama too: http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;ct=res&amp;cd=2&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.barackobama.com%2Fpdf%2Fisrael.pdf&amp;ei=lb8tSNj9K5f4eZ-AndUB&amp;usg=AFQjCNEstNFxgjl2USyeAaMCf4xWoTag8Q&amp;sig2=zjDCpFmRRFSMR11Pn3v9vg
The guy is an asshole and will get probably get stabbed or commit suicide sometime later in life...I'm not worrying about him.  However, you're being the bigger asshole and will most likely survive longer than the the dude above does -- you need the volcano.
I sincerely apologize for getting snippy with a deadbeat imperialist.

Not.
I was correcting the inaccurate historical allegories above by citing well known  events. As, in fact, the story told by tobyuk is quite the opposite of what actually occured. 

Had the Arabs accepted the partition plan they would have a Palestinian state for the first time, but they didn't, instead trying to wage a war of extermination and "Kill the Jews wherever [they found] them" and steal all their land.
who do you think is doing the choosing?
LOL, wtf is it with you and these sarcastic-ass apologies?
I'm good at it.
This is the Internet -- you're not good at shit.
So Bush says God loves Jews best? A Christian says that?
http://reddit.com/info/6jifd/comments/c041638
Ummm...okay -- you permalinked one of my comments.  Should I mail you the prize?
Wrong. Jews did NOT control Palestine for thousands of years. Get your history straight. 


The first Israelite kingdoms were established in the area around 1100 BC and ruled for several hundred years. After that the land was ruled by various groups such as Assyrians, Babylonians, Persians, Romans, etc. This was the case until the land was conquered around 700 BC by Muslims. Between then and 1260 (when it was taken over by the Mamluk Sultanate) it was ruled by a variety of groups, due to the Crusades at the time. In 1516 it became part of the Ottoman empire and stayed under their rule until the 20th century. 


If you're trying to argue that Jews LIVED in Palestine for thousands of years, yes, but in the same spirit Germans, or the Spanish, or the Russians or (insert ethnic group here) lived in various countries, but that does not give them the right to a land grab because they supposedly have a "divine claim" since "God" said so.
You are being this guy: "your average Reddit dumbass who feels the need to get the last word in on a random comment thread that ultimately doesn't matter."
My God (the Flying Spaghetti Monster) said that I have a divine right to your house. Start moving out unless you can prove me  wrong. What's your address again?
In January 2006, when the elections in Palestine took place Hamas omitted the call for the destruction of Israel in their election manifesto. The goal of Hamas is for Israel to withdraw from all land occupied in 1967. I bet you if that happened (which won't as long as the US holds a veto on the UN Security Council) you would have peace in the region.

Prove me wrong. How are the Warsaw Ghetto and Gaza different?
According to the UN, gaining land through military means is a violation of international law. UN Charter Article 2 + Article 51.
Yeah, I know right, and consequentially, so are you.
Ahem. Statements this broad ...
No, I gave *you* the last comment, by posting your own comment. That should have sufficed to end the thread.

Now you're just being silly.
LOL, dude, if you had any brains you would've made me look like an ass and not say anything after my last comment....
&gt; in Palestine took place Hamas omitted the call for the destruction of Israel in their election manifesto

If you are foolish enough to believe that an omission is the same as a detraction then you are lost to all of us. They have said that they want the destruction of Israel. They never said that they believe Israel has a right to exist.

&gt; How are the Warsaw Ghetto and Gaza different?

1) Development

The Warsaw ghetto was created rapidly and purposefully as a place to put people before they were sent to the concentration camps. 

Gaza did not become inclosed until years and years of terrorist attacks and bombings.

Jews never raised arms or killed any germans to cause the need for the germans to protect themselves.

Many Palestinians have caused a need for Israel to protect themselves.

Gaza ended up in it's current borders because of a war started by Arabs. 

The Warsaw Ghetto was a sewer which was chosen to round people up. 

The people in gaza were not placed there, they evacuated (some because they were scared, others because they were threatened and others because they didn't want to live under jewish rule)

The people of the warsaw ghetto were rounded up door to door. 

2) Conditions
no one got in or out of the ghetto. No provisions were brought in. No medical care was allowed. None of these are true about gaza. 

Average food rations in Warsaw were less then 260kcal a day, the average amount of food in the gaza is far higher. 

No education was permitted in the ghetto, education is permitted in gaza. 

No radio or entertainment was permitted in the ghetto, entertainment is permitted in gaza. 

No letters were permitted to be sent out of the ghetto, letters are permitted to be sent out of gaza (telephone calls too).

The population of the ghettos decreased on a daily basis due to disease and starvation, the palestinian population in gaza grows. 

There wasn't just bad sewage and water conditions, there was no sewage system and almost no water. The water often contained diseases. 

Whether you look at the reason the 2 situations developed, the goals behind them or the conditions thereof there is no comparison. 


I weep for the palestinians trapped in sub-par living conditions, however I cannot blame this entirely on Israel when Hamas attacks every day ensuring that their people will suffer. Hamas uses human shields. Hamas uses piping for infrastructure on rockets. 


If you are going to use WWII and the holocaust as a talking point in your arguments, I recommend you do some research and find out what really went on.
"If you're trying to argue that Jews LIVED in Palestine for thousands of years, yes"

Hmm, ironically that's what I wrote *Gasp!* 

*tries to find where he said controlled* 

Hmm cant find it.
Anyone can claim divine right and many have.  Many of the worst crimes against humanity have been justified with that concept.
International law is undemocratic. Laws should be decided by voters in individual countries. Ive never been allowed to vote on "International Law". And Ive never voted for anyone in the U.N. Why should people in other countries be allowed to decide the laws Americans (or Israelis) have to go by?
What total and utter bullshit. How the fuck does this fairy tale crap still get treated seriously?

If the Jews are the chosen people and if god loves us so much, why did he let 6Million of his chosen people be murdered in the most brutal of fashioned?  Bet the fucking Torah provides a comforting explanation for that too eh?
I suppose you're correct on that point (corrected) and you've avoided my main point. Double win for you.
Yes. In 1882 Jews made up less than 10% of the population of Palestine/Israel, and possibly less than 5%. After many waves of immigration, they made up about 33% of the population in 1948. The U.N. partition plan gave the Jews more than 50% of the territory in Palestine/Israel, even though at that time they legally owned only about 7% of the land. 

http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/History/jewpop2.html

http://www.mideastweb.org/palpop.htm

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aliyah

http://www.ifamericansknew.org/history/
bobcat = fail

time and time again...
I agree.  Let's face the facts, the Palestinians are going to end up with the short end of the stick.  In many ways, they've been the victim of European colonial power - particularly the British.  Their situation is not too dissimilar to that of the native American Indians.

But there is a crucial question that's been facing the Palestinians and their supporters for the last 60 years - make peace now or continue to fight and very likely lose more ground.  I'm sorry, but the hard fact of the matter is that if the Palestinians really want what they think they deserve, they need to learn how to start winning some wars.  And since the smart money is on Israel in the short term *and* the long term, maybe it's better to take what you've got and make the most of it.

Instead what's happened is the Palestinians have rather self-destructively and willfully decided to pursue a strategy of continual warfare.  They've actually made their position worse and worse over the years and Israel merrily continues with its reprisals.  Even worse (and here's where I want you to really get my point) the Palestinians have decided to use religion as a way to support their nationalist goals.  

When you use religion in service of nationalism, you get farther and farther away from being able to accept compromise and pragmaticism.  Instead of being a conflict over territory, it has now become a *transcendental* religious war.  When this happens, it's very, very difficult for anyone on either side to move toward the middle to make compromises.  The Israelis are guilty of this too - even one of their own leaders was assassinated by an Israeli fundamentalist because he was trying to move toward peace, concessions &amp; compromise.  We have a situation now because of using religion in support of nationalism, where the minds of both sides are disturbingly poisoned.

But anyway, getting back to what you were talking about... I just don't see how the Palestinians are supposed to do anything but lose if they continue their struggle.
Saudi Arabian Oil Co., Petroleos Mexicanos, Petroleos de Venezuela, China National Petroleum? Gazprom?

I don't think all the [big oil corporations](http://www.petrostrategies.org/Links/Worlds_Largest_Oil_and_Gas_Companies_Sites.htm) are owned by the US, UK, and French.

Publicly traded energy conglomerates, yes. That's probably related to the fact that the US, Japan, UK, France, and Germany have the largest infrastructure for publicly traded corporations in general, but Japan and Germany have little oil.
God has been abusing his chosen people ever since he chose them. Of course, the prophets have always said this was a consequence of not following God's law.

On the other hand, one interesting twist on the them is that the God of Abraham simply told the Jews: I am *your* God. *You* should have no other Gods before me. Of course, those Philistines, and Caananites...they have their Gods, but those aren't *your* God.
I disagree with none of that.
&gt;The Land of Israel is the homeland of the Jewish people by divine right. It was promised to the Jews (as the "chosen people") by God in the Bible.

Actually, it turns out that I'm a modern-day prophet of God (for some reason he's been sending messages to my Gmail account for a few months now), and He's pretty clear on the fact that I--and all those who follow me--am the sole heir to the entire world and all of its contents.  I know this is correct because God said so.

Do you have central air in your home?  Could you try to dust it a bit and maybe scour the tub before I get there?

Thanks. :)
Why on earth was this modded down? When did I say Jews controlled the land for thousands of years? Insanity on these forums.
P.S. The "many waves of immigration" were in spite of the British sending incoming Jews to Nazi Germany. Had the British allowed all refugees to come it would have been much higher. This was followed by giving a Jewish state comrpised of mostly uninhabitable desert.
You have your beliefs I have mine. Mine are right, yours are wrong. And your like the 5th person whose made the "what if i took your house" point.
Then they should grant all the Palestineans  in the occupied territories Israeli citizenship rather than keeping them in limbo. Israel's treatment of these people is nothing short of institutional racism.
And military expansion is democratic? Also keep in mind that constitutional laws in democratic countries generally are not subject to public opinion or voting. So your argument that "international law is undemocratic" is bogus. International laws are there for a reason. The UN law prohibitting military expansion is there to stop the theft of foreign land. You do possess a functioning moral faculty to actually grasp that thievery is wrong? Or does "might is right" justify anything to you? It always surprises me how utterly morally nihilistic many Christians (and jews) are.
Shouldnt laws be enacted by elected officials? International law has not been instituted by elected officials.
In a perfect world. But we don't live in a perfect world and to argue that its perfectly fine to ignore current international laws on belligerent military expansionism because they haven't been democratically legislated demonstrates a worrying level of ethical nescience. I could almost just as well argue that its perfectly fine for me to go rob the old lady down the street because the laws prohibitting such actions where I live don't reflect my beliefs and were enacted without my consent. As a jew, you should be all too aware of the slippery slope you are skating down.
The voters?
What ever happened to America is No. 1? I thought the whole point of being an American Patriot was to love america over other countries? Seems to me Bush couldn't give a flying fuck about America.
Maybe you choose to reject it, but Israel itself abides by the Charter of Human Rights (or, at least claims to). So the land grab by Israel is illegal.
&gt; The people in gaza were not placed there, they evacuated (some because they were scared, others because they were threatened and others because they didn't want to live under jewish rule)

I see you continue to believe in your Zionist revisionism though I have presented evidence to the contrary before, yet you continue to deny reality. 

It is a well-known fact that the expulsion of Palestinians was sanctioned by the founder of Israel for the establishment of the state through massacres and ethnic cleansing.
Actually, my god *did* say I have divine right to your house.

I expect you to be out by close of business Friday.
So if and when the Palestinians kick the Israelis out of the occupied territories you'd accept that?
&gt;The Jews, after leaving Israel were oppressed in Europe (Tsarist Russia and post-Napoleonic France, and the Spanish Inquistion are examples I can think of off the top of my head).

So now they are sharing what they learnt there and persecuting others. Seems fair.
Well then your god can go fuck himself.
It's astonishing how you can say this and not see that this perspective is why the whole Middle East situation is so screwed up.

Anyway my God is way better than your God, first She's female, and she has a much cooler name, 'Strč prst skrz krk' - even more consonants without vowels than your's, and it means something. Do the world a favour and go try it!
Who's your God?
There is no zionist revisionism at all. Your well known "facts" are contrary to the fact that there are over 1 million palestinians. Ethnic cleansing did not occur. It did occur in the arab world, where there are no jews left (very few at least).

 Read some history [link](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_Exodus#First_stage_of_the_flight.2C_December_1947_-_March_1948) and you'll see that my statement that palestinians left because "they were scared, others because they were threatened and others because they didn't want to live under jewish rule" is quite accurate.
&gt; There is no zionist revisionism at all. 

Keep telling yourself that. Ironically enough, had you read your own link, you would have realised you were engaging in revisionism.

&gt; According to Ilan Pappé the Zionists organised a campaign of threats,[29] consisting of the distribution of threatening leaflets, 'violent reconnaissance' and, after the arrival of mortars, the shelling of Arab villages and neighborhoods.[30] The idea of 'violent reconnaissance' was to enter a defenceless village at night, fire at everyone who dared leave his or her house and leave after a few hours.[31] Pappé also notes that the Haganah shifted its policy from retaliation through excessive retaliation to offensive initiatives.[32] During the 'long seminar', a meeting of Ben-Gurion with his chief advisors in January 1948, the departure point was that it was desirable to 'transfer' as many Arabs as possible out of Jewish territory, and the discussion focussed mainly on the implementation.[33] The experiences in a number of attacks in February 1948, notably those on Qisarya and Sa'sa', were used in the development of a plan, detailing how enemy population centers should be handled.[34] According to Pappé plan Dalet was the master plan for the expulsion of the Palestinians.

&gt; Israeli vans with loudspeakers drove through the streets ordering all the inhabitants to evacuate immediately, and such as were reluctant to leave were forcibly ejected from their homes by the triumphant Israelis whose policy was now openly one of clearing out all the Arab civil population before them …. From the surrounding villages and hamlets, during the next two or three days, all the inhabitants were uprooted and set off on the road to Ramallah…. No longer was there any "reasonable persuasion". Bluntly, the Arab inhabitants were ejected and forced to flee into Arab territory…. Wherever the Israeli troops advanced into Arab country the Arab population was bulldozed out in front of them.

How you can continue to live in your delusions that contradict the realities detailed above can only be explained by a person choosing to believe in historical revisionism.

As for ethnic cleansing, yes it did occur. Israel was founded on the basis of it. Ben Gurion, the founder of Israel, called it "compulsory transfer" and supported the massacres and expulsion of Palestinians. It was ethnic cleansing when the South Africans did it, and it was ethnic cleansing when the Israelis did it.
As usual, the anti-Israel Gestapo on reddit would rather assume they know what I wrote, rather than reading it. I stated: 
&gt; The people in gaza were not placed there, they evacuated (some because they were scared, others because they were threatened and others because they didn't want to live under jewish rule)

The above quote (from the wikipedia article) shows the threatening and scared aspect which I originally  stated. Try reading, it's a valuable tool. 

What I wrote is that this differed from the ghettos, where the place they were put were not placed in Gaza ... thats where they evacuated to. The jews were not allowed to leave and go to another country, they were specifically placed in the ghettos. In 1948, the palestinians could have gone anywhere, but the Arab world let them suffer. When the Arab world ethnically cleansed the jews in 1948, the jews were accepted into Israel, so there was no problem.

&gt; As for ethnic cleansing, yes it did occur.

You were unable to respond to the fact that 1.3 million Arabs live in Israel, while it did not occur in the Arab world. 

If you respond, please read what I wrote, rather than responding to what you think I wrote, or what you wish I wrote.
&gt; The above quote (from the wikipedia article) shows the threatening and scared aspect which I originally stated.

Yet again you engage in historical revisionism and act ignorant. There is a huge difference between an evacuation and an expulsion. However, the chief difference is that an evacuation is not necassarily a forced activity, and may be done by choice on part of the threatened person, whereas forceful expulsion (as was done by the Israeli military forces) forced the Palestinians to abandon their homes. This is a widely known fact that was confirmed by the sayings of Ben Gurion and historical documents uncovered by Israeli historians. Your version of the history attributes the forceful expulsion of Palestinians by Zionist forces to some vague threat that caused the Palestinians to suddenly leave their houses and makes absolutely no mention of the facts that Palestinian villages were massacred by the Zionist military. If you are willing to admit that massacres initiated by Ben Gurion, the Haganah and other Zionist military groups who planned to expel the Palestinians from Israel and have gone on record to say it, then I have no reason to say you are engaging in historical revisionism. Clearly you have difficulty accepting those facts, however.

&gt; Try reading, it's a valuable tool.

Try following your own advice, and retaining information that conflicts with your viewpoint. Maybe I wouldn't have to correct you so many times as you continue to believe in a self-made version of history.

&gt; What I wrote is that this differed from the ghettos, where the place they were put were not placed in Gaza ... thats where they evacuated to.

It continues to amaze may how you display marvelous ignorance on this subject. The Palestinians were placed in ghettos forcefully by Zionist forces and they were, and are to this day, denied the right to return to their homes in Israel or granted citizenship to the country.

&gt; The jews were not allowed to leave and go to another country, they were specifically placed in the ghettos.

Just as the Palestinians are occupied by a military that has turned Gaza into a huge prison, and not allowed them to return to their home country or homes.

&gt; In 1948, the palestinians could have gone anywhere,

Why would they (and should they) leave their homes?

&gt; You were unable to respond to the fact that 1.3 million Arabs live in Israel, while it did not occur in the Arab world.

You are unable to face the facts posed to you, that Ben Gurion, the founder of Israel, called the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians "compulsory transfer" and supported the massacres and expulsion of Palestinians." The fact that 1.3 million Arabs live in Israel does nothing to reverse the expulsion of Palestinians during the foundation of Israel.

Your anti-Arab bias is really one to note. Funny how you consider the Arab world to "ethnically cleanse" Jews, yet going by your own standards, there are many Jews living in Arabic countries. By that standard, why do you believe the Jews were ethnically cleansed, yet the same standard does not apply to the Palestinians? Only bigotry answers that question.

As for your refusal to accept facts, you have displayed the depth of your ignorance before on many occasions. You believe the Palestinian occupation is not illegal, that there is democracy in Israel, and now these altered events of history that suit your own twisted agenda. 

Do reply when you have a basic grasp of reality.

Summary:
&gt; Palestinians dont believe in the right of the Jewish people to have a state in Israel ...
The Land of Israel is the homeland of the Jewish people by divine right.
The difference is God actually did say the Jews have a divine right to Israel.
Actually, my god *did* say I have divine right to your house.
Of course Israel should be controlled by Jews, it is a Jewish state.
I could go on and on, but you see the point.
God didnt say you had the divine right to my house.
The need for a Jewish state was very strong.
I do believe that the Jews have a devine right to Israel as their homeland.
&gt;The Land of Israel is the homeland of the Jewish people by divine right.
When did I say Jews controlled the land for thousands of years?
It's religion in support of nationalism.
What do you have to say about that?
*You* should have no other Gods before me.
It was promised to the Jews (as the "chosen people") by God in the Bible.
He's one of God's Chosen People, don't you know.
So its controlled by the people, who are jewish of course.
I never said any of that, but believe it if makes you happy.
You don't get it do you.
I know this is correct because God said so.
"Denied their own rights to a state"?
They never said that they believe Israel has a right to exist.
&gt; How are the Warsaw Ghetto and Gaza different?
It showed that the Palestinian people support terrorism.
It is up to the Palestinian people and govt to recognize that right.
It is up to the Palestinian people and govt to recognize that right."
Well then your god can go fuck himself.
Many Palestinians have caused a need for Israel to protect themselves.
Hamas' platform says that Israel has no right to exist.
The election of Hamas was fair!
What would you do to try and take it back?
How are the Warsaw Ghetto and Gaza different?
Your view that the Jews have a divine right to Israel as their homeland simply makes you a Jewish fundamentalist.
The Israeli's won the war against Syria, so the 1967 land is theres, not the Palestinians.
And for the record I dont believe that people of other religions should be killed.
The Israelis need to get control over the settlers.
So Israel is more full of chosen people than america now?
They have said that they want the destruction of Israel.
I thought Christians were against the right to choose...
&gt; The jews were not allowed to leave and go to another country, they were specifically placed in the ghettos.
It did occur in the arab world, where there are no jews left (very few at least).
No education was permitted in the ghetto, education is permitted in gaza.
The jews were not allowed to leave and go to another country, they were specifically placed in the ghettos.
International laws are there for a reason.
&gt; There is no zionist revisionism at all.
If you asked me why, I would tell you that it's because my God said so.
Israel was founded on the basis of it.
The only reason Jews are killed in Israel today is because of state sanctioned terror.
Anyone can claim divine right and many have.
So Bush says God loves Jews best?
They were exiled from the Land of Israel on many different occasions.
So the land grab by Israel is illegal.
That is not an argument.
&gt; As for ethnic cleansing, yes it did occur.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.57
