Original Response:
More like the return of Alex Jones and his hysterical conspiracy theories...
[deleted]
Man I wish the CIA would slip me some free LSD.  That would make my day.
Um, not to call to question teh credibility of infowars..but infowars and alex jones are fucking nuts.
If the CIA really wanted to be evil, they'd just continuously inject detainees with heroin, then take it away when the detainees refused to cooperate.
Khalid Sheik Mohammad definitely fits the description of a "ghost detainee".
Additionally, they either don't know what MKULTRA was, or they're being deliberately misleading.

Yes, MKULTRA involved drugs.  The similarities with this situation end there.
Did MKULTRA ever end?
I know, we do nothing like mkultra, right now we just get them hopped up and make them fight fifi, our pet gorilla.
&gt; Michael Caruso ... asserted in a motion last year that his client “was given drugs against his will, believed to be some form of lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) or phencyclidine (PCP)

I don't expect they gave anyone PCP, that sounds like it would be a bad idea...
Isn't he supposed to be some kind of cia disinfo guy?
Why? Because he questions the government when they are obviously lying? Or becuase you like to live in ignorance?
Why dont you listen to what he has to say, and decide for yourself.
Ya because that'd be so shocking.
The period of great tribulation is soon coming. Tribulation such as there never was since the beginning of the world.
Man, at first I thought that this was saying that John Vanderslice got back together with his [old band](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mk_Ultra)
hm, you seem like a neutral party...
Hm, you seem to be able to spell.
Man, a guy like you could go a long way in the military.
[deleted]
Fucking nuts to criticize the ruling shareholders of the country, who have been fucking nuts (and unaccountable) for decades. AJ sounds insane because he's upset his country has been sold down the river.  
  
But hey, the selling's good, right? So let's call him crazy some more.
According to your nick, you would too. But don't, man. They don't love you.
If you're going to act like that, as if we can't talk about these "crazy subjects" that keep turning out to be real and documented, we're never going to get more intelligent, critically-minded, truth-telling people in the government.
&gt; fifi, our pet gorilla.  
   
We have a fifi?
LSD sounds like a good idea... o_O
[edit] everybody fixed thier spelling.
Can you tell me something InfoWarrior? Does this tin foil hat help stop them from reading my mind?
nope. but you look really cool wearing one though.
There's an episode of BSG where they used drug-based interrogation as a (rather obvious) metaphor for water-boarding.
*Ultimate MK3* defeated it, but it has returned, bent on revenge.
No, but if you tilt your head just right when you wear it, you can pick up XM on the fillings in your teeth.
They torture not to get the truth but to produce information that suits their needs. 9/11 was an inside job.
&gt;[Mrs. Iselin](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RAUm6l_t6k): It has been decided that you will be dressed as a priest, to help you get away in the pandemonium afterwards. Chunjin will give you a two-piece Soviet Army sniper's rifle that fits nicely into a special bag. There's a spotlight booth that won't be in use. It's up under the roof on the Eighth Avenue side of the Garden. You will have absolutely clear, protected shooting. You are to shoot the presidential nominee through the head...
u got a newsletter?
[Other drugs](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_MKULTRA#Other_drugs)

[Project ARTICHOKE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_ARTICHOKE)
MKULTRA ended. But like all those clandestine operations, it evolved and split into many different, compartmentalized programs. Which evolved into more split and compartmentalized programs and on and on...
For those of you like whiskeytango who are unable to read bibliographies, or who purposely ignore them when they harm your defense of detainee abuse, here are some of the source urls:

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/04/21/AR2008042103399_pf.html

http://www.cqpolitics.com/wmspage.cfm?docID=hsnews-000002697912

This isn't to call into question the credibility of whiskeytango; his own comment does that quite sufficiently.
&gt; But hey, the selling's good, right?

That comment might be closer to the mark than you think:

http://reddit.com/info/6h3ie/comments/c03tmzv
So what happened? Or did the people treat drug addiction like any other form of torture and start making shit up?
For your info, if you'd listen to AJ, you'd already be prepared for what's happening today. AJ's been talking about food shortages for years, said to invest in gold when it was 400-500 bux, tells you to know the constitution to protect yourself, how to get off the grid, etc.
[deleted]
*only in your mind*
Link to the source URLs and they get upmodded. Link to infowars and it gets downmodded. I think that's perfectly reasonable.
What, he's helping burros get pot across the border? Does reddit get any weirder...
Alex Jones is a grade A wack-job. If you want anyone to care about this issue, then why don't you help report it and take the wack-job out of the reporting.
Even a broken clock is right two times a day.
I think I pointed out more than two.
I think you don't understand the expression then...
Number one, hysterical refers to the womb. So if anything, Alex is seriously testicular.   
   
Point two, show me ten years of *your* radio show where, self-informed, paranoid and increasingly right on the money, you warn America about the government being on its own side instead of that of its nominal employer, the people.    
   
When your coal-mine canary starts breathing heavily, you don't call it a wack job unless you're ready to die.
1) Hysterical means to experience hysteria which means: Behavior exhibiting excessive or uncontrollable emotion, such as fear or panic. I don't know what you're trying to say in point one...

2) To have fear of the Government is fine. To constantly draw elaborate, barely-connected theories from things that are common knowledge is not interesting.

3) You're promoting fear without facts much like Alex does... No wonder you take it strongly when I attack him. You're of the same paranoid mind.
Fair enough ... 
  
1) The funny thing is, speaking of shock jocks, Nostradamus refers to a war-leader called "Hister"! No comment from me. I meant this: "the uterus, hystera in Greek". I think this comes from the idea that women get all hysterical (like men don't). Truly, I was only being an ass in 1) and you can disregard me.   
   
2) I would say not interesting because it's not useful. Facile, over-involved theories "it's for the oil, man! and it started in Germany! check my youtube..." are probably not useful either.   
There may be a balance where we can say basic things, like, military spending is bankrupting the country, even though it's for the best of reasons. No conspiracy necessary.   
   
3) "You're promoting fear"   
Really? That's against my religion, so, damn. Fear and desire are distorting lenses that keep people from seeing clearly. I think this is the main objection to AJ - he's WAY on the fear side, so if you keep an even keel, his interpretations are even harder to swallow than his facts.
Agreed! I find it difficult to read articles from Jones but I try not to completely disregard them. If other people are saying similar things, well, now we're talking! If Alex is the only one, I'll probably just let it fall by the way-side.
Seriously, nice to talk. Thanks for busting out your objections into a, b, c. (turns out I had my own, too :)   
   
If Alex is the only one ... I don't get it? I like Sunday Night Safran, John and Father Bob are pretty crazy too. (free podcast - check it)
I was speaking hypothetically... There are PLENTY of nut-jobs out there and many say similar things. For simplicities sake, we can lump them into group A. If group A is the only group saying something, I'll probably ignore it. If people not from group A are suggesting similar things, I'll pay more attention.

Agreed. I enjoy how refreshingly calm the reddit community generally is. A good point is a good point and everyone here seems to dig that. Sometimes I have the good points. Sometimes I don't. We're all learning and that's the important part!

Edit: most people here... some like fight.
&gt; most people here... some like fight.   
   
that is the most epic kung-fu-movie sounding phrase I have heard in awhile. Said by one  shaggy-headed, hard-knuckled character to another, still standing in a broken up restaurant littered with bodies. Agreed 100%.
HAHA.  I love life.
I think you don't understand mathematical probability.
Boring... you're fired.

Summary:
&gt; most people here... some like fight.
Sometimes I have the good points.
I think I pointed out more than two.
Edit: most people here... some like fight.
I think you don't understand the expression then...
2) I would say not interesting because it's not useful.
I think you don't understand mathematical probability.
I think this comes from the idea that women get all hysterical (like men don't).
If other people are saying similar things, well, now we're talking!
I don't know what you're trying to say in point one...

2) To have fear of the Government is fine.
I think that's perfectly reasonable.
I know, we do nothing like mkultra, right now we just get them hopped up and make them fight fifi, our pet gorilla.
Why dont you listen to what he has to say, and decide for yourself.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
