Original Response:
SURPRIIIIISE. Not.
[deleted]
HAH!  Knew it all along.
Allow me to express what the US Gov is feeling right now:    
* &gt;------&gt;------&gt;W H (  ) (  ) S H----&gt;--&gt;------&gt;
[deleted]
So McCain sang "ba-ba-ba-ba-bomb-iran" for nothing?
Hey... lets get some war apologists in here to explain how war with Iran is vital, and how the Bush war of US aggression was necessary and justified. It's just massively funny when some half bright yahoo chimes in the the "you'll think the war was justified when you get some dirty bomb up your ass!" despite the complete lack of ANY evidence, motive or a real enemy.
It's called "Last December."
"NEWS YOU WON'T FIND ON CNN"

cause it's not true?
This particular story is based on this one from the LA Times:

http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/babylonbeyond/2008/05/iraq-the-elusiv.html

I submitted this story with a proper title after someone else submitted it using all caps.  Prior to submission I checked it out and it seemed to be based on reliable sources.  I can't speak for other stories on ICH though, just this one.
I hear he got paid $120,000 for it.

No... wait.  That was for trying to influence the S&amp;L bailout / Keating investigation.

My mistake.
Yeah, but....um.... maybe the Iranians didn't make the weapons, or supply the weapons, but I bet they're happy those evildoers *have* the weapons, wherever they came from.

That's reason enough to bomb them back to the stone age, isn't it?

Oh, and here's a thought: maybe these are the weapons the Reagan administration sold to the Iranians to fund the Contras. So they're not Iranian, they're made in the good ol' US of A.
Its called international date format. 12/05/08 = May 12th.
Ok, im going to be objective here.  This article simply talks about a weapons cache recently uncovered in Karbala.  It does not mention or change the fact that Iranian made weapons have been found en-masse in Sadr City and Basra.  Especially the deadlier form of IEDs that use molten projectiles.

I'm not advocating we go to war with Iran, but simply stating the fallacies of this article.  I prefer Ron Paul's approach of getting the hell out of the middle east entirely.
[deleted]
[The LA Times report](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/babylonbeyond/2008/05/iraq-the-elusiv.html) the website links to is a much better article.
Um..yeah.  Knowing where the stuff is made and where it goes afterwards is pretty important.  Better sort that out.
the "ba-ba-ba-ba" stuttering is most likely Parkinsons
Direct link to the LA Time's article:
http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/babylonbeyond/2008/05/iraq-the-elusiv.html
[deleted]
Still waiting for confirmation that the US does not sell weapons to other countries...
The big stencils on the side that said "Stark Industries" might have been a clue.
upmod for ironman refrence.
Which was rather obvious when they first presented their "evidence" - at least to anyone who's been paying attention.
once obama becomes president we won't be lied to again.  he'll make sure the public knows the truth with his transparency.  and we'll get out of this war business that those damn republicans got us into.  

gobama!
There are another 50 black propoganda projects being planned or executed right now. With regards to reality, Americans don't know their ass from a hole in the ground they just made with a 500lb bomb.
[deleted]
You see um... Jesus Loves You.
What does that mean?
No shit.. I can't recall the network but about 2 weeks ago they showed an Iranian arms cache had been found on a donkey and cart.
As the ammunitions were being put in the ground for demolition, I said to myself I've seen those land mines before. They looked like 70-80's us/soviet made.
&gt;despite the complete lack of ANY evidence, motive or a real enemy.

As Donald Rumsfeld famously posited, "Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence."
&gt;war with Iran is vital

Who the hell is saying that?

Also, only the blind cannot see that Iran is supporting Iraqi Shia militias. Farsi labeled munitons have been seized in Iraq.

Muqtada al Sadr is IN Iran, you know.
Um... Just about everyone on fox news.  You yourself imply it.  

"Only the blind," huh?  Tell me...  Is Iran the only country that speaks Farsi?  Why, why, why would "Farsi labeled munitions" equal Iran?  I think what you meant to say is: only the blind believe anything this administration has to say after the thousands of times they've been abjectly wrong or purposefully lied about the Bush war of US aggression.  

"Muqtada Al Sadr is IN Iran, you know."  ...and YOU know this how?
Ah, the good old "Just because we're making this shit up doesn't mean it's not true" argument... classy.
http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5ieBHpmLCZs2BnNfhWErIznsG4OmQD90EVPGO1
Straight from YOUR article:

"BAGHDAD (AP) — A top Iraqi official said Sunday there was no conclusive evidence that Shiite extremists have been directly supplied with some Iranian arms as alleged by the United States."

I'm confused... are you citing this link to prove that Iran IS supplying arms to Iran, because it does quite the opposite of that. In fact, this article pretty much decimates your entire post and point.  

I say again, only the blind believe anything this administration has to say based entirely on their own record of failure, lies, obfuscations, spin and plain ineptitude. 

Maybe you can find a better cite.
SOME arms. 

You asked about where Sadr is.
"Muqtada al-Sadr, who is believed to be living in Iran."

Really?  That's IT?? 

Yeah... GOOOOOD evidence.  And they believe this before or after they believed "mission accomplished."  Before or after WMD's, before or after "greeted as liberators," before or after, "the war will pay for itself," before or after "they hate us for our freedoms," before or after, "Capturing Bin Laden is the number one priority," etc... etc... etc...
This is not a us.gov source.
Are you just kinda dumb, or are you just not have a grasp relevant facts?  

The SOURCE isn't us government, but they are REPORTING information given to them by US government sources.  

Not only that, but the report does not say "al-Sadr IS IN Iran. It clearly says al-Sadr is BELIEVED to be in Iran.  Do you understand the difference?
His militia has been fighting, he even asked them to stop, and he hasn't appeared on Iraqi TV being interviewed in his home city.

Where the hell do you think he is?
George Bush's "militia" has been fighting in Iraq.  He's asked them to do this, or that, accomplish X goal, get Y done. Has he appeared on Iraqi TV being interviewed in his "home" city.  Is he in Iran?  

Your "question" makes no logical sense. In fact, it defies basic reason. It doesn't matter where he is, what matters is that you claimed he was IN Iran, when that cannot be stated with ANY certainty at ALL.  

Where the hell YOU think he is, is pure speculation based on no facts.
He is in Iran, studying the Koran.
Opinion stated as fact.  No facts used to reach shaky conclusion. He could just as easily be in Pakistan, Syria, or Hawaii.  YOU.  DON'T.  KNOW.
It's not MY opinion.
Yes, it is. The article you reference stated he was believed to be in Iran.  Not, he IS in Iran.  You said, "he is in Iran, studying the Koran."  Your opinion.
I don't why you need him to not be in Iran so badly.

You obviously are unaware why he would be studying at the moment.
I don't know why you need him to BE in Iran so badly.  You only think I'm unaware why he would be studying... just as you only think he's in Iran.  

Opinion stated as fact.  It's okay to have opinions, just don't pretend they're facts.

Summary:
...and YOU know this how?
Not, he IS in Iran.
You said, "he is in Iran, studying the Koran."
I don't why you need him to not be in Iran so badly.
Muqtada al Sadr is IN Iran, you know.
"Muqtada Al Sadr is IN Iran, you know."
The article you reference stated he was believed to be in Iran.
You asked about where Sadr is.
He is in Iran, studying the Koran.
It clearly says al-Sadr is BELIEVED to be in Iran.
Not only that, but the report does not say "al-Sadr IS IN Iran.
I don't know why you need him to BE in Iran so badly.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
