Original Response:
So how much are the American lives worth that we send to the Middle East to protect Israel? 1000? 500? 0?
Please.  Haters are haters. Don't try to force some type of order on their spew.
[deleted]
The life of one fucking savage warmonger is worth just as much as the life of any other savage warmonger.
To the Israelis, we are shit. All they care about is getting three billion dollars a year in our foreign aid.

The Israelis think God gave them the land. Fine--let's see how long they hold onto it when they've just got God on their side and not the three billion a year.
Yesterday Arab lives were worth nothing and now they're at 1/1000 of something finite.  That's an INFINTE gain, and some people are complaining!
JEEEEEEEEEEEWS!!!
Why do I smell another mistranslation here... We've had how many so far on reddit?
[deleted]
&gt; "The Talmud states that if gentiles rob Israel of silver they will pay it back in gold, and all that is taken will be paid back in folds ...

And that which is taken wholesale shall be paid back retail, on a convenient monthly plan!
So can some of these pro-israeli neo-cons explain to me how this is any different than what the imams and sheiks are preaching?
&gt; Yesterday Arab lives were worth nothing and now they're at 1/1000 of something finite. 

So, you're saying, relatively speaking, this Israeli Rabbi is some bleeding heart liberal?

So, what is the moderate view point? A million Arabs = One Jew? or the "average" of the two positions, ie still Infinity?
I blame inflation, due to the fall of the petro-Arab...
&gt; 

"Even when we seek revenge, it is important to make one thing clear – the life of one yeshiva boy is worth more than the lives of 1,000 Arabs.

 

"The Talmud states that if gentiles rob Israel of silver they will pay it back in gold, and all that is taken will be paid back in folds, but in cases like these there is nothing to pay back, since as I said – the life of one yeshiva boy is worth more than the lives of 1,000 Arabs," added Rabbi Eliyahu.

Evidently the Rabbi is speaking in pain following a tradgedy...
But still this kind of racist comment must be censured.
America will get and hold allies wherever it can find them in the ME. Its the sad truth.
I don't take any extremist pastors word at all. They are all crazy fucks.
why 1000?  that seems like such an arbitrary number
In all fairness, it's not just the neo-cons. Obama and Clinton are pro-Israel as well.
Indeed, have them explain as well.
[looks like all the israeli rabbis tirpse77 submits are the top](http://reddit.com/info/6dfao/comments/)
Who is this pompous jackass to even think he has the right to place a value on ANY human life.
Mel? Is that you? You *promised* you'd stop.
I think he meant to say 1 Jew could kick 1,000 Arabs ass.  Which is pretty close in reality.
i have to say, i'm studying in israel this summer, but these guys make me sick.
So much for peace in the Middle East this month. Let's hope for next month...
Notice that he didn't say "the live of one Jew is worth more than 1,000 Arabs," but rather that the life of one boy studying at a Yeshiva (a Jewish religious school) is worth that much. He hasn't mentioned how much ordinary Jews are worth, but studying the Torah day and night (rather than, you know, doing stuff) somehow raises it to 1000:1 versus Arabs.
What does "Top Israel rabbi" even mean?
Somebody please explain.
This will end well.
i agree with a person calling themselves pantsoff.
Technically, that post wasn't insulting to Jews.  He just yelled the word "Jews" at the top of his lungs.
Of course, it's the same the other way round.

Which is why killing will continue, until morale improves.
Wait wait wait, are you just placing a value on a human life because they placed a value on a human life?

Edit: Nice edit after the fact, appreciate it.
[deleted]
same shit different name
Don't really care. Who the hell's he to judge?
We have wackos on the other side as well.
so_sleepy and pantsoff is a combo I can go for!
And this is why there will NEVER be peace in the Middle East.
Atheist Jews are on sale for only 400 Arabs.
911
wow; Israeli apologist even after reading such an article.
MY IRONY DETECTOR IS OVERLOADING!
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=top

I'm so going to hell.
Is this Obama's rabbi?  

When this gets out to Hillary...
Militaristically he might be right, the jews are quite outnumbered but they have defended themselves quite well.
Wish my coworkers shared your feelings =)
Damn your fully pantsed, caffeinated co-workers.
Jews! Let's get some Jews! These Jews are 1000 Arabs. These Jews are 1000 Arabs. These Jews are 1000 fucking Arabs. Let's get em!
Honestly - most Israelis are not THAT religious. And don't be naive - most get the fact that Israel exists simply because the US wants it to. Trust me, they think of the US government as a benefactor, but a lot of their soldiers are envious of the lives American kids lead
That's strait up bullshit.
What's with the HATE?
Life of one Redditor is worth more than 1,000 Diggers.
They should open a stock exchange since a currency has clearly been established.  I wonder how many Arabs I can get for a small dalmation puppy?

Seriously though. That's a very unenlightened point-of-view, from a spiritual leader.  As a so-called 'unofficial Christian nation', i have to wonder how 'turn the other cheek' becomes 'support a country that believes in eye-for-eye'.  Oh wait.  I'm stupid (post 911 Iraq conflict).
As is the front-runner in the Libertarian party.  I have no one to vote for.
I'm not defending what this Rabbi said, but I'd like to explain what his point was: he was saying that the answer to a terror attack on Jews is not to kill lots of Arabs, because even if 1000 Arabs are killed it won't make up for the loss of one Jewish life. So his message was actually one of non-violence, even though he said it in such a roundabout way.
[deleted]
And the life of one internetzi is worth 1,000 Rabbis?
Why do I get a 404 clicking on your username?
i wish i could up you so many more times.  This is the third time i've seen "top israeli rabbi" and could not figure out how they pulled that shit out, and from where.
people don't like to think about what people are saying.  Sound bytes are just so much easier.
Hooray, there are religious crackpots on both sides of the conflict.

Who knew?

Also the population of Israel is... 5 million? So 5 million multiplied by 1000...

HOLY SHIT! He wants to wipe the entire Arab population off the map! I wonder what he thinks of Jewish Arabs... like, where do they fall into the value of self worth? 500? 1? Ah well, even if there were 1100 jews it would be the same.
[deleted]
is that what he really said? cos I realy, really hope you're right but I dunno, he's not being so clear about it:

&gt;"The Talmud states that if gentiles rob Israel of silver they will pay it back in gold, and all that is taken will be paid back in folds, but in cases like these there is nothing to pay back, since as I said – the life of one yeshiva boy is worth more than the lives of 1,000 Arabs," added Rabbi Eliyahu.

I guess he could mean that they can't pay it back because human value is priceless? Though in all fairness most religious leader sodn't have it so easy as Jews so maybe we should make up for the fact :P nah, still...
Ron Paul.
The difference is that we give money and weapons to these crazy people. I say let the Middle East sort itself out. Once Israel realizes that it doesn't have our financial and military support they may have to resort to diplomacy to solve their problems.
Wow you consider pumping oil out of the ground a contribution to society?  That is pretty sad.  Remember that these are the same people who will kill their daughter for having a facebook account.
[deleted]
stop trying to jew me.
Yes, because the actions of .0001% of the population must be the normal.
&gt;To the Israelis, we are shit. 

Just try to think before you type something, because this piece of misinformation is not even Fox worthy.
&gt; &gt; it's not just the neo-cons. Obama and Clinton are pro-Israel as well.

&gt; As is the front-runner in the Libertarian party. I have no one to vote for.

RALPH NADER!!!

1. [Nader on Israel-Palestine, Barack Obama, John McCain](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fz7EkulVyHo&amp;feature=related)

2. [(Nader on the Israeli Lobby(YouTube)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rD_rWcDRZQ)
It's not.  Luckily, these rabbis don't control the Israeli government.  Unfortunately, all too many crazies are in control of Arab countries.
&gt; So can some of these pro-israeli neo-cons explain to me how this is any different than what the imams and sheiks are preaching?

The far out imams want to kill _you_, the rabbi doesn't?
wow; someone disagrees with you. just wow.
Clever;)
Via the settler lobby, those rabbis represent the most vocal and powerful pressure group in Israel.
Wow, there's a blast from the past!
"Hamas wants to *kill* the Jews, Hezbollah wants to *KIIIIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLL* the Jews" -Jon Stewart
Only one country has Imams making policy (and it's not Arab).
Crafty Jews and their financial planning.
Thats because they're not self-hating morons like you.
Reddit doesn't like certain posters that's why.
Just to give the people who prowl around here looking for articles that contain Israel or Jew in it and just get the sheerest joy out of mocking and bad mouthing Israel. If you read up at all about the orthodox Jew's relationship with the government you'd know one thing, their views are very different, some orthodox Jews throw stones at soldiers, completely vandalize cars that come through their areas on sabbath. I had a personal experience myself where my friend and I drove into an orthodox neighborhood on a sabbath and had to throw his car into park and ditch it. When we came back it was flipped over everything was broken and burnt. Also, when Israel permitted there to be a gay march/rally in Jerusalem, the orthodox started rioting, they even stabbed a homosexual man to death in the middle of the parade. So you need to understand that the views of the orthodox Jews do not represent those of the Israeli government, and seeing how this isn't going to change any of your minds since its pretty obvious that there are many anti-Israeli people here, I just thought this piece of information would lighten your views on this article.
I'm no neo-con, but I'll attempt to answer your question.

&gt; ...how this is any different than what the imams and sheiks are preaching?

It's not. The difference is societal. Israeli society is largely secular (like other culturally Western countries), with the orthodox (including this guy) forming a vocal minority. Most Israelis view the orthodox with considerable disdain. (FYI - according to [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mordechai_Eliyahu), the rabbi quoted in this article has made enemies of the more moderate Reform Jews by alluding that they are responsible for the Holocaust. So this isn't the first time he's made an inflammatory remark.)

It would be as if someone were asked to judge the USA based on one of Jerry Falwell's many incendiary statements. Like Falwell, this Orthodox Rabbi is highly regarded by a certain segment of his society, but he certainly does not speak for the society as a whole (the current administration notwithstanding). It is an important aspect of freedom of speech that it applies even to those with whom we disagree (even if such people do tend to be downmodded into oblivion here on Reddit). I would bet that the majority of Israelis would disagree with the quote from this article.

In contrast to Israeli and American society, Muslim societies tend to be highly religious. It appears to me that the "imams and sheiks" who rail against Israel tend to be quite highly regarded within those societies. That means that their messages of violence carry some weight, and should be taken seriously.

But please - this is Reddit, no place for detailed arguments. Go on and rail against neocons, say the Israeli government is a bunch of terrorist Nazis who love nothing better than to watch innocent Muslim kids die in the street. Downmod away.
There are people here who make a distinction between ethnic Jews, religious Jews, Israelis, Zionists, and Right Zionists.
That works, except that I'm a libertarian and I want to vote for one.  But somehow, my party appears to have been hijacked by pro-war, pro-Israeli nutcases.
[deleted]
we give them way more than 3 billion.
only if rudy became a rabbi.
Israel is a jewish state which pretty much destroys everything you just said.
All very good until this:

&gt; In contrast to Israeli and American society, Muslim societies tend to be highly religious. It appears to me that the "imams and sheiks" who rail against Israel tend to be quite highly regarded within those societies. That means that their messages of violence carry some weight, and should be taken seriously.

Do you really have evidence for this? 

[Surveys](http://www.salon.com/opinion/greenwald/2007/05/23/polls/) of Muslims tend to show them to be *less* supportive of violence against civilians than  Americans, for instance.

You are making the same mistake of someone who attributes the beliefs of the crazy rabbi to all Israelis. 

For your amusement, check out [this posting](http://reddit.com/info/6ejj3/comments) if you want a lesson on hatred.
And instead of just some suicide bomber they have a whole army.
Yeah, and all of them are backed up by the US.
The Orthodox Shas party is 20% of the current ruling coalition, and this 20% (10% of total vote) is crucial when the ruling coalition has just 50%.
What's that in African Americans?
Why did you feel the need to add that last shit-on-your-audience paragraph to an otherwise objective, informative and interesting post?
&gt; To the Israelis, we are shit.

This is a poorly phrased statement of a fundamental truth - every country thinks of itself first. 

To us, the teeming masses of Bangladesh are shit, so we don't spend much time worrying about global warming, and floods in Bangladesh warrant barely a mention on CNN.
:-)

Huh!?

Ahh, **D**iggers, not **N**iggers. Silly me!
It isn't. non-religious Israelis hate these rabbis as much as anyone. There's stuff they say about other Israelis that is just as bad (they don't like gays very much, for example).
Also, 5 Americans, 125 Germans, 250 Frenchmen...
&gt;This is a poorly phrased statement of a fundamental truth - every country thinks of itself first.

So, if I follow your logic, every person who thinks of him/herself first thinks all other people are shit?
&gt; The far out imams want to kill you, the rabbi doesn't?

Because we're screwing around in their bit of the world.

If we weren't, for the most part they would ignore us, the way they ignore Switzerland.

The problem is that the likes of the rabbi wants our help in his war against the Arabs, which in turn is one of the things that makes the Arabs hate us.
You know, on the front page, there is a lot more mockery of American bigotry and ignorance. 

Most of this criticism is self-inflicted by Americans.

If Israel catches a lot of flak, it is because it has aligned itself too much with the jingoistic, imperialistic, us-against-them elements of American culture which are so despised on Reddit.
&gt; So, if I follow your logic,

I think you're incapable of following any logic.

The fundamental truth is that any country that thinks it has a loving bond with another country (or thinks that the other country loves it) is in for a deep disappointment, because the other country will always look at its own interests first.  

This is true even when this involves hurting the many to help the few.
I don't see how he was defending Israel at all?  In fact I'm just about certain he wasn't, if anything he was deriding the point being made by the rabbi as idiotic, while clarifying it a little from the headline.  Please re-read his post.
&gt;country that thinks

I'm incapable of following your logic. Countries don't think, people think. And if I change the word *country* for *person* in your statement, it seems to me you live in a very sad world.
He said *1,000*.
No wonder since dealing with one of them is like dealing with 1000 arabs.
From the future.
...way, way, way more.
Yes, I remember the good old days when a Jew's life was worth only 500 Arab's.

At this rate it wont be long before we're up around the 10 - 12,000 mark.
[deleted]
Wait a minute.

That's only on eBay and only during the current PayPal promotion.
Strangely Arab countries seem to agree with this rabbi. 

After every war, Israel is willing to give hundreds of Arab prisoners for every Israeli one.
Further Reading: The Israel Lobby in the USA
Probably some Imam would agree that the death of a Jew is well worth that of 1000 Arabs.
Christ, that's worse than the dollar's exchange rate.
Or else be driven into the sea when the Arabs refuse to negotiate.  That'll show them!
&gt; If we weren't, for the most part they would ignore us, the way they ignore Switzerland.

Or Denmark...
We're not prepared to trade Euros for Jews, at any rate.
I agree. I've been living in Kuwait for half a year now, and these assholes are worthless.
Awesome. So Jews are worth more than Americans then...

Considering Americans are worth 200 Arabs (600,000 Civilian Deaths vs 3000 Civilian Deaths).

Why bother giving this guy any negative comments...he'll prolly be having dinner with McCain by Monday.
That was a good post.

My only issue with it is that I doubt that a larger fraction of muslims are fundmaentalists (than christians or jews are).

The only muslim country I have direct experience with is Iran (I've traveled Iran widely) and fundamentalists are a rare breed on the street.  Young Iranians are captivated by the western lifestyle and their parents are not appalled by that in the least.
"We do not seek vengeance, we seek retaliation"

What's the difference?
1,000 is to much of a nice round number.  It must have been made up.
[deleted]
[deleted]
So what? the US thought 1 American life is worth more than 220,000 Japanese life.
Big difference.  They don't preach proactive destruction of other people the way the "imans and sheiks" do daily.  That is all the difference in he world.

BTW - it has ALWAYS been the policy of every country to consider the value of its people above that of its enemies (like the US right now in Iraq).  Why is Israel judged any differently?
I am surprised at the downvotes on your post.  It is succinct and very accurate.  (Granted it would be downvoted if it countered the reddit zeitgeist, but it doesn't even do that!)
This is an oversimplification of a complex issue.  

We stopped giving Israel military aid under Carter and then Israel started developing weapons of its own and, guess what?  They started selling them in competition to the US interests.  The military aid is actually tied to the US having control over to whom and what systems Israel sells its gear to.
We are all screwing around with each of our parts of the world.  The Arab world forgets it is a two way street.  They want us gringos out of their world, except:

1) When they need us ala Kuwait.
2) When they want our technology
3) They want to exploit us commercially and want to emigrate to our world.  Of course their position isn't consistent--if it were they would be calling for all Arab emigrants to return to the traditional Arab areas and we gringos to get out of their shit.
Thank you for that insightful reply, Captain Ignorant.
The difference is the army has "command and control".  If the highly armed Israelis shared the attitudes of many of their enemies, there would be wild indiscriminate killing.  Is the Israeli army sloppy which leads to unnecessary deaths?  SURE, but there is no moral equivalence between collateral damage deaths and targeting children explicitly.  For whatever you say, there is a difference when Hamas commanders are sitting in a conference room planning on a mission to maximize children's death and Israeli commanders going after a target that puts kids at risk.  The difference is that for every mission that ends up with civilian Palestinian casualties, at least the generals considered the risks and have probably canceled 10 other missions that would have been riskier.  Think about the process.
Remember that the $3 billion is tied to aid to Egypt for the Egypt/Israel peace deal.  Stop aid to Israel, sure, but the treaty then requires you stop aid to Egypt....then, welcome the Iran Jr. as Egypt implodes.  BTW, that deal is basically open to any other player in the region.  Take aid money to make peace so we don't have to spend a few trillion with boots on the ground.  Overall a good investment if you THINK about it.

Furthermore, if Israel has less aid, it will likely escalate violence because violence in their world is more economically efficient than peace or detente.
Exactly. People always take these asshats are representatives of their faiths. Here in the UK there is an asshat muslim who has a hook for a hand they use when they want to make us hate islam a little more. It's the same as suggesting Jerry Falwell or David Duke represents America.
That's exactly how I feel about the lives of American soldiers.

US death toll in Iraq: 4000
Iraqi death toll: 600000

Seems to me that we should kill about 3.4 million of them one of these days to get back to an even 1000:1
And that might explain why neither of the is actually talking about using the Presidency to establish peace in the Middle East or anywhere else.  It's kind of a shame that peace is not really on the plate that either of them offers us.
More relevant reading:  Jews in the media.
This doesn't work.  You can't dismiss this sort of attitude as the product merely of a "vocal minority" and then ignore the fact that this "vocal minority" essentially dictates Israeli foreign policy.
Iraqi deaths are over a million.
that is truly an ugly word. please don't use it. also, the other term has been changed to 'african-americans'
And that statement is brought to you by the same people who bring you rules for life like this one... namely, 1) Something Women are NOT Allowed To Do To Men and 2) Something Men are Supposed To Do To Themselves:
http://home.earthlink.net/~thogmi/circ/circ.html
This rabbi doesn't want to kill us?

I don't know if I can agree with that.  He seems perfectly content to embrace an ideology that he knows will result in the deaths of thousands more Americans.

The big loser in the Middle East today of course are the Iraqis, followed by the Afghanis.

Then Americans.  That's right, not Palestinians.  Americans.  Israeli foreign policy has killed more Americans than Israel has killed Palestinians.

Israel of course is a distant fifth.  It doesn't seem that way of course because every time an Israeli Jew dies it is front page news, but in terms of actual body count Israel practically doesn't even register on the scale we must use to measure these other atrocities.
Especially as long as the racist hatred expressed by so many Jews is continually excused.
And?......was this ever a question?
I'll have you know Japan attacked the US first, then proceeded to commit war crimes that would make Dick Cheney blush. How many people do you think would've died via a land invasion? I think you're missing out on the concept that WWII was a total war.

Or are you just repeating ignorant things in the hopes of being up modded by other morons?
Did you see *JewishPropaganda*'s very detailed and nuianced reply? Kind of shows the last paragraph was dead on.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Man, I hate it when people make vague statements. How much more? 1001? 10.000? 10^99?
I thought I was a libertarian also, until I realized I was just a libertine.
Israel got USA by the ballz. There's no escaping from the Israeli dominance over US politics.
Yeah monkeys!!! Our tribe is better then yours and is the only tribe that deserves to live!!!  Everyone else is a sub-monkey...die!!

&lt;/sarcasm&gt;
&gt;The military aid is actually tied to the US having control over to whom and what systems Israel sells its gear to.

Then that is blackmail and paying it is not working. Israel still sells weapons to China and other nations when America tells them not to.
&gt;*the other term has been changed to 'african-americans'*

Has it? Really? I missed the edict from the *Acadmie Anglaise*.
The life of one American is worth a million jews.
OOOHHHHH internet fight... internet fight!!
But the *Bundle-of-Races* rate is such a pain to keep recalculating.

Since Petro-Arabs have been devalued and the American is coming under increasing pressure in Iraq (Greater Israel in Rabbit-Speak) I think Euros are the only rational answer.

At around about 100 Euros per Jew (check with your local Rabbit for today's rate), this represents stability in a sometimes volatile market.

Unfortunately, what complicates matters are the vastly different rates for white Ashkenazi Jews and Arabic Sephardim Jews.
Racist hatred expressed by Jews?


http://reddit.com/info/6c1ov/comments/c03fz9l

http://reddit.com/info/6ebh3/comments/c03ly67

http://reddit.com/info/6cz0q/comments/c03iclm

http://reddit.com/info/6cd4y/comments/c03gu6h

http://reddit.com/info/6c1ov/comments/c03fzfw

http://reddit.com/info/6c1ov/comments/c03fz9l
One irony here is the Cliton's accepted a $10 million dollar donation from the Saudi Monarch.  The Saudi Monarch is a known state sponsor of terrorism in Israel.
He's 72 already.
[deleted]
Muslims are peace loving people, am I right? If it werent for this jewish Jerry Falwell attitude the middle east would be a mecca of peace and love.
this is one voice; please don't take it to represent the sentiments of jews everywhere.
Can we have that packaged as a bond and available on the open market a la sub-prime style?

Or is it already being done?
[deleted]
You link to these comments as if it means something, yet not a single one of these is racist in the least, and even if there were one or two that were borderline they don't approach anything even close to the kind of hatred being espoused by this rabbi, and by you for working so hard to defend his racist thinking.
Amen.
I thought I was a libertine also, until I realized I was just a wolverine in libertine's clothing.

BTW, before that I thought I was a librarian.

And before that I thought I was a gigantic *Cuba Libre*.
By your ignorant statement, I'd say that you're the worthless one.
To me, this isn't what you guys are making it out to be. I think he's saying it isn't worth pledging soldiers to an attack if it is risking their lives
Fair enough. I know there are many Israelis who disagree with their government's policies and protest them vehemently. It's almost the case that there's more pro-Israel sentiment in the United States than in Israel itself.
Well. I can't argue with that. I mean, look what Hitler did!

(That IS sarcasm if anyone's wondering)
It's just an opinion. There's no fact to it.
[deleted]
I thought I was a libertine also, until I realised I was just a babyshambles.
Rocky, do you really think that people in reddit and digg are rational or objective?

When hit with reality, they will take you down.
&gt; He seems perfectly content to embrace an ideology that he knows will result in the deaths of thousands more Americans.

No, that's what _you_ think will result. 

What the rabbi thinks may well be what I think: that any humiliation of Israel and any concession will make the Islamists the world over think they are winning and will result in more terrorism in Europe and America because of their improved enthusiasm and better morale.
Fair enough. But if we cut off all foreign aid, and Israel thereby got wiped off the map, there would be peace in the Middle East--at least between Arabs/Iranians and the Jews.
This is a very wise statement.
And as we've learned from the Reverend Wright debacle, every radical statement from a pulpit is fervently believed by everyone in the pews.
Same thing happened to the Republicans
What about Brits? What fraction of a Jew am I worth?
If the headline were "Top Saudi sheikh: Life of one Muslim worth more than 1,000 Israelis" the world would be up in arms. The double standard that exists for Israel and everyone else is pretty interesting, to say the least.
"...in [July] 1945... Secretary of War Stimson, visiting my headquarters in Germany, informed me that our government was preparing to drop an atomic bomb on Japan. I was one of those who felt that there were a number of cogent reasons to question the wisdom of such an act. ...the Secretary, upon giving me the news of the successful bomb test in New Mexico, and of the plan for using it, asked for my reaction, apparently expecting a vigorous assent. 

"During his recitation of the relevant facts, I had been conscious of a feeling of depression and so I voiced to him my grave misgivings, first on the basis of my belief that Japan was already defeated and that dropping the bomb was completely unnecessary, and secondly because I thought that our country should avoid shocking world opinion by the use of a weapon whose employment was, I thought, no longer mandatory as a measure to save American lives. It was my belief that Japan was, at that very moment, seeking some way to surrender with a minimum loss of 'face'. The Secretary was deeply perturbed by my attitude..." 

- Dwight Eisenhower, Mandate For Change, pg. 380 

In a Newsweek interview, Eisenhower again recalled the meeting with Stimson: 

"...the Japanese were ready to surrender and it wasn't necessary to hit them with that awful thing."
Your mere mention of a Cuba Libre made me crave and alcoholic beverage. Now I can't decide whether I'm becoming an alcoholic or it's just Friday afternoon :)
I see what you did there!
How was this a/the "Top" rabbi?
And Jews were treated, by law and culture, as second class citizens by Muslims, they were attacked for simply refusing to accept their inferior status. Do you really stand by the view that being attacked first justifies that equation?
&gt;*not a single one of these is racist in the least, and even if there were one or two that were borderline*

?

Shows a certain obsession, at least, don't you think? There's only one sort of person I've happened across who are  obsessed with Jews.


&gt;*defend his racist thinking*

I've done nothing of the sort. You're just lying again. Why not create another sock puppet to post to Reddit? see if that helps.
The two aren't mutually exclusive. I can testify to that...
Could be worse, you could be becoming a librarian or a wolverine.

My heartfelt advice is to have a Cuba Libre, or two or more, this evening, and don't worry about the *becomings*.
Oh, so you're backing off of accusing me of being racist and hateful?  Is that something any of us get to do without first issuing an apology to the person we just tried to smear?

I guess not in your case.

Yes, you are defending racist thinking, you had two statements before you which you could criticize, and you chose to criticize mine, even though you now acknowledge it isn't racist.

And posters like myself don't do sock puppet.  What would be the point?

So easy.
I don't know ... Feynman gave up drinking the first time he craved alcohol outside a social drinking situation. Maybe I should consider the same :/
&gt;*so you're backing off of accusing me of being racist and hateful?*

No, I'm not at all. You're a racist twat.


&gt;*And posters like myself don't do sock puppet. What would be the point*

To impersonate a disinterested third party, of course. How dim can you get?
I actually don't like cuba libres much because they are made with Coke and I've been avoiding carbonated soft drinks since I worked making them for a while. I do hope to get my hand on some mojitos tonight though ... hopefully that will prevent me turning into a librarian.
Nah. Just go out and find a social drinking situation!

A friendly barmaid is all you need.
Librarian's not so bad, not as bad as they say.

It's becoming a wolverine you really have to worry about.

I know it's been glamorized in the movies but the reality is quite different, it's not all it's cracked up to be.
Who?

Not Ron Paul.

Not Ralph Nader.

Not Mike Gravel.
This is a Rabbi's position not the position of Israel.
Don't panic, you worth more than a French or German.
THIS IS EXACTLY WHY RELIGION NEEDS TO GO. ITS A BARBARIC IDEA AND ONLY CREATES HATE AND DIFFERENCES AMONG PEOPLE FOR NO REAL REASON.
I'm glad you were able to find one opinion, one wrong opinion but congrats on not being able to post you own thoughts.
"And Jews were treated, by law and culture, as second class citizens by Muslims"

And vice versa

"they were attacked for simply refusing to accept their inferior status."

See above...

Anyway I was responding to a completely different issue that he brought up. I don't think these two situations are even comparable.
Another level of extreme euphemism, mister.
So all Jews must think this... If Obama's pastor says radical things everyone is being unfair to him... if a Rabbi says it though...
If you are speaking in terms of wealth he is probably correct. 

lolzers
Just like theres been peace in the Middle East for the past thousands of years before Israel came and now everyone has to destroy it. And all the Arab armies already tried wiping Israel off the map, they've since decided not to try it again.
I figure if I could somehow switch the coffee pot with a bong the pants of my coworkers would  also come off. This way we could all work harmoniously with 'pantsoff'.
Jew's being racist? Quick someone call Capt Obvious!
The Libertarian front-runner?  His name is Wayne Allyn Root, and he's a douche bag odds-maker from Las Vegas, founder and president of the Nevada Republican Jewish coalition and staunch supporter of Israel as the Zionist state.  He believes that Islamo-fascism is the greatest threat facing America, and that we should go out of our way to help Israel defeat it.  Sound familiar?
You can call it whatever you want.  But whatever you call it, it's fundamentally different from Ralph Nader's position on a number of key issues.
The difference is that there's no such thing as a "top" rabbi. Judaism has no hierarchical structure... and those radical sects that have a bit more of an order than the main-stream secular israelis are a very small minority akin to Pat Robertisn and Jerry Falwall here -- crazies. It may be true that the mainstream in the islamic world is equally secular... but this I'm not sure of.
Once again, the only reason the Arab armies failed was because of all the US foreign aid we shovel into Israel.
regular ones or gang members ?
[deleted]
You are the only racist in this thread.  That you would excuse what this rabbi has said says that loud and clear.

But you're Jewish, so you get a free pass on your hatred.

Enjoy it while it lasts.
..and *I* am worth more than 1,000 Jews. 

...kidding.
Does this explain why the Jews don't do suicide bombings? B/c they value their lives more?
wanker
&gt; We are all screwing around with each of our parts of the world. 

No one screws around with the world like the US. Read Rogue Nation, by Clyde Prestowitz (a conservative Reaganite, no bleeding heart).

Yes, they needed us in Kuwait, in a mutual beneficial bargain. We went their for *our* benefit, protecting the oil.  They 'needed' us in Rwanda too, but we said 'screw that'.

&gt; When they want our technology 

They they *buy* it with *money*. 

&gt; They want to exploit us commercially and want to emigrate to our world. 

A few of them want to immigrate. Mostly, we do our best to avoid it. Europe's Arab population is largely the result of being invited by French (post-Algeria), and the Dutch and Germans as guest workers. Then there is a fair amount of illegal immigration, but mostly Africa, not the Middle East.

We gringos meddle a hell of a lot more in their shit - their governments -  than they in ours. We send ships to patrol *their* Persial Gulf. The Iranians don't send ships into *our* Gulf of Mexico. Try reversing the military presences, and see what picture you get.

Basically, we invaded a country to ensure US influence over oil. We are sabre-rattling against another state in the region, whose real crime is trying to become a regional power and threating our hegemony over the area. It's about the oil.
Actually, if you look at more modernized and urban places in the "Muslim world" you do find more modernized and urban Muslims, both secular and more traditionally religious.  Case in point: Turkey.  

Additionally, there is no formal hierarchy in the religion of Islam either, outside of state-imposed or -enforced hierarchy such as is found in Iran.
Yes, I like how it's a base-10 system, much simpler to keep proper tallies.
Well I know about Turkey... I was reffering to the countries that our media and government typically point to as being radical. I imagine even in those places, the average joe is not particularly religiously radical, but rather simply wants to be able to work and provide education and better work opportunities for his kids.

And good point about the no hierarchy in Islam (at least sunni islam). I think what we need to do is recognize that there are radicals on both sides, and try and minimalize their power over the people. The way to do this, IMO, is to provide economic growth.
The battle over Denmark consists of Christians and Muslims killing each other in Nigeria. Seriously. And the Christians are often the aggressors.  The worst that will happen to Denmark is that Arabs stop buying their cheese - as they have every right to. As for the small restive Arab elements in Denmark, well, then, Denmark made the element of inviting foreign guest workers. Nothing selective deportation won't solve.
I also disagree with the placement of that word in what could be easily termed "mixed company," however, I think you truly missed an opportunity for discussion in requesting that the commenter simply "not use it." 
Instead of saying, "ow, my eyes" I think a more thought provoking conversation could have been raised by asking the above commenter questions such as:
"What lead you to believe that placing that in a discussion would be appropriate?"
and perhaps:
"Is this a quote or a joke from a movie? If so, providing a little context might help you not appear so insensitive?"

And the second: "African-Americans" claim is not entirely correct.  There are people that refer to themselves and others as such, but plenty who use other terms, like simply "black" or "person of color," feeling that the color of their skin does not conflict with their identity in nationalist terms.
Countries have average opinions. America thinks it is a bastion of liberty. Saudi Arabia thinks it is godly. 

If I change the word 'person' in your statement to 'Pina Colada', it seems to me you live in a very silly world. Which means you can't go around randomly changing words.
It matches with Israel government policies for last 60 years, killing, stealing, occupying, making the life living hell.
How much foreign aid was received in the 1948 war when Israel had just been formed? In fact the United States placed an arms embargo on both Israel and the Arab countries around it during that time. And only started giving Israel loans in 1949.
You may should think of the situation of etch party. The Israelis kill children not because they are evil, but because there weapon are not precise enough. The Palestinian kill children not because they are evil but because they are the only target they can successfully attack. The Israeli can not lay down there weapons because they can not allow there people killed, the Palestinian can not or they get bulldozed away. I don't blame the Israeli for using there superior weapons. Also it would be hypocritical blaming the Palestinian for using the only weapons they have.
Is Pat Robertson the top American Pastor? Or the westboro baptist church? Or even reverend wright?
This "rabbi" is a nutjob and has absolutely no authority in Israel, so why did the poster choose to announce he's the "Top Israel Rabbi"?
&gt;&gt;"And Jews were treated, by law and culture, as second class citizens by Muslims"

&gt;And vice versa

Nope. Jews did not have any kind of political control anywhere to have done anything like this. Muslims ran an empire stretching from North Africa to Pakistan and on to Malaysia.

&gt;&gt;"they were attacked for simply refusing to accept their inferior status."

&gt;See above...

Why? The reality is that the Jews who moved to what became Israel in the late 19th Century were not mistreating the Muslims. The Turkish leaders of the time were trying to liberalize and one of their actions was to try to get rid of [dhimmi](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dhimmi), the legal/cultural subjection of non-Muslims. The people in the area objected and fought the Jews. Sort of like how whites in the South after the Civil War rejected the notion of equal rights.

&gt;Anyway I was responding to a completely different issue that he brought up. I don't think these two situations are even comparable.

So you don't stand by your claim that being attacked first justifies the equation. It was not a different topic, the original topic was Israel, Japan in WWII was brought up as a comparison. It seems that you think it was ok for the U.S. to value American lives higher than Japanese lives, and you justify that with Japan attacking first. But you don't think it is right for Israel to value Israeli lives higher than Palestinian, even if the Arabs attacked first.
&gt;"Nope. Jews did not have any kind of political control anywhere to have done anything like this. Muslims ran an empire stretching from North Africa to Pakistan and on to Malaysia."

There may have been several muslim empires throughout times that spanned those areas but not one empire.

&gt;Why? The reality is that the Jews who moved to what became Israel in the late 19th Century were not mistreating the Muslims. The Turkish leaders of the time were trying to liberalize and one of their actions was to try to get rid of dhimmi, the legal/cultural subjection of non-Muslims. The people in the area objected and fought the Jews. Sort of like how whites in the South after the Civil War rejected the notion of equal rights.

Actually Jews and Muslims were living int hat area rather peacefully until the British partition and the end of WW2.

&gt;So you don't stand by your claim that being attacked first justifies the equation. 

Actually you put those words in my mouth about a topic I wasn't even commenting on. Two completely different situation involving so many different factors, trying to compare them is just stupid and over simplifying things. I hate to have to keep repeating myself. 

But I think any nation should value it's citizens lives over another, that's kind of the point of having a nation.
[deleted]
My friendly wife just mixed us a couple of drinks. It makes our son's crying more bearable :)
I'd bear with that just for the sweet claws and imba HP regen.
Sorry what?
&gt;That you would excuse what this rabbi has said

I haven't

&gt;But you're Jewish

I'm not
And by your ignorant statement, I'd say that you've never left the country. Typical American.
I didn't know that. Thanks for the info.
Yea, let's purge the horn-headed goats.

Seriously, the fact that Jews are in the media tells us nothing other than that there are Jews in the media.

There are lots of white people in the media. When do you call out the bias potentially stemming from that?
The headline is a lie, plain and simple.

Maxim: On reddit, do not trust unsourced statements, nor trust shitty sources.
Yay for fake outrage.
Up in arms? They say that every day. No one would be surprised. I mean, it happens constantly.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2FPJAOsB0U

Next Year

Next year we'll sit on the porch and count migrating birds Children on vacation will play tag Between the house and the fields. You will see you will see how good it will be next year. Red grapes will ripen by the evening And will be served chilled at the table And languid winds carry to the crossroads Old newspapers and a cloud Next year We will spread out our hands Towards the radiant light. A white heron Like a light will spread her wings And within them the sun will rise.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxuldB9mXi0

Song of Peace

Let the sun rise light up the morning The purest of prayers will not bring us back

He whose candle was snuffed out and was buried in the dust bitter crying won't wake him up and won't bring him back

Nobody will bring us back from a dead and darkened pit here, neither the victory cheer nor songs of praise will help

So just sing a song for peace don't whisper a prayer Just sing a song for peace in a loud shout

Allow the sun to penetrate through the flowers don't look back let go of those departed

Lift your eyes with hope not through the rifles' sights sing a song for love and not for wars

Don't say the day will come bring on that day - because it is not a dream - and in all the city squares cheer only for peace!

http://vids.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&amp;VideoID=26589917

It Will be Good

I look out the window, it makes me very sad, spring is past, gone away, who knows when it might return?

The clown has become a king, the prophet become a clown, and I’ve forgotten the way, but I am still here,

and good will come. Good will come, yeah, sometimes I’m crushed, and this night, oh, this night, I will stay with you.

Children put on wings, and fly off to the army. After two years, they return without an answer.

People live in tension, search for a reason to breathe, between hatred and murder, they talk about peace.

And good will come...

There, up in the sky, clouds learn how to fly, and I look up, and see a hijacked plane.

Governments and generals divide for us the vista, what’s theirs and what’s ours. When will we see the end?

We will yet learn to live together between groves of olive trees, children will live without fear, without borders, without bunkers.

On graves grass will grow; for the sake of peace and love, one hundred years of the sword, but we’ve not yet, not yet lost hope.

And good will come...

Here comes the prince of Egypt, oh how I rejoiced to meet him! Pyramids were in (our) eyes, and peace in his pipe.

And we said, come, let's complete (it), and live as brothers; then he said, forward! just go out from the territories!

And good will come...

I look out my window to see if all this truth of mine, looking out the window, and mumbling my prayer.

The wolf will yet live with the lamb, and the leopard lie down with the kid, but in the meantime, do not remove your hand from the palm of mine.

And good will come,

good will come, yeah.

I look out my window, perhaps a new day is here.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5C2LJE2SYfE

Strawberries

The coldness in your garden against the warmth of my garden the bunker to your left against the artillery shell in my hand your grenade is not fruit and it's ready in your hand here, they are each ready in my rifle magazine.

Chorus: The light goes up from the east, a new day has arrived. The two of us will overcome the terror Strawberries, strawberries, come we'll buy only strawberries Instead of other war-machines.

You blocked the bed with many sandbags, and on your head is the helmet from the bunker on the left You wished that my soul'd be bound forever, here, they are each ready in my rifle magazine.

Chorus: The light goes up from the east, a new day has arrived. The two of us will overcome the terror Strawberries, strawberries, come we'll buy only strawberries Instead of other war-machines.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXB0QJSlZ_U

Everyone Talks About Peace

Everyone talks about peace No one talks about justice What’s one man’s heaven, is another man’s hell (How many fingers are on the trigger? (x2 ?How long will the storm rage ?How long a person live like a dog The face slides on the razor’s edge The fingers caress the sword Sometimes life brings me to my knees No one’s guarding the gates There are no signs from above I see people living out Dreams and hopes I see people living out Nothing but tricks and schemes Some people ask questions that have no answers Others are just full of nothing …But complaints and demands, but …Everyone talks about peace ,So we remain alone, talking to the wall There’s no one to talk to .If we’d realize that we’re one We’d see how it’s all connected .When your property burns Your soul will burn If you don’t rush to save yourself ,We murdered the land And we murdered the soul We’ve got almost no air left to breather And the world Is in constant motion It spins and returns to the same spot -What goes up Must come down ?How can we take things in moderation …Everyone talks about peace And there are people Who try to take ownership over God And there are those who struggle And kick and scratch ?How many of us are really listening Everyone’s talking about peace …Talking about peace ,Everyone has the same dream ,On a mountain In a valley We keep on talking, and talking about – peace But peace is not possible without justice

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wI_PMwe78TQ

Peace Will Come Upon Us

Peace will come upon us Peace will come upon us Peace will come upon us and on everyone.

Salaam ('peace' in Arabic) On us and on everyone Salaam, Salaam
I'll have you to know that the conflict between Israel and the Arab world is by far not over, and both sides see each other as mortal enemies (understatement...)
So it's not very surprising that some Israelis will rather see dead Arabs, that dead Israelis.
Criticizing this will be nothing but hypocrisy.
1:333
but there's a problem: The iraqis didn't attack america.
Is there a difference?
&gt;There may have been several muslim empires throughout times that spanned those areas but not one empire.

What a way to avoid the issue. I am impressed. Yes, it was several, though I was thinking primarily of the Ottoman. From the emptiness of your response I will guess that you accept that the Muslims were doing things that the Jews were not. 

&gt;Actually Jews and Muslims were living int hat area rather peacefully until the British partition and the end of WW2.

Actually not. Arab violence on Jews started in the late 19th/early 20th century and followed the reasons I gave.
Good reply. I probably should have backed up that paragraph better, but it was already 5AM and I didn't want to stay up any later...

I don't particularly trust surveys, especially those quoted in articles that may have an agenda one way or the other, but I will concede that I have no proof as to what most Muslims believe of radical imams. And you are certainly correct that there are plenty of horribly misguided Americans (such as Falwell...), although I personally find your second link to be more disturbing and depressing than amusing.

In any case, the point about radical imams being "highly regarded" is more to do with the fact that their beliefs somehow seem to end up as government policies. The Palestinians elected Hamas, an organization known to be responsible for suicide bombings, to lead them in 2006. Iran and Syria both directly fund Hezbollah. So however the average Muslim in those countries may feel, the message their countries are sending to the world is one that supports violence against civilians.

If groups of religious extremists in the US or Israel began engaging in violence against a foreign state, the US or Israeli government would take action against them.

It is probably visible from my original post that, apparently unlike most Redditors, I generally support Israel's position in the conflict, although I certainly acknowledge that the Palestinians were wronged in the past. You seem to be a relatively smart individual, and I would wager that you generally take the Palestinian side on this issue. In your view, what would you say the Israeli government should do?
Every President (or equivalent) of a network news or cable news channel is Jewish.  That kind of preponderance is evident in newspapers and elsewhere in the mainstream media.

Combine that with a deadly bias that favors the Jewish state in all matters pertaining to the Middle East.  Deadly as in, over a million Muslims killed in Iraq and Afghanistan.

Do you seriously believe the coverage we receive about the region wasn't an important part of why we went to war?

Do you seriously believe that the coverage we received about the region would have been the same if instead of so many Jews we saw Muslims almost monopolizing editorial power within the media?
&gt; And you are certainly correct that there are plenty of horribly misguided Americans (such as Falwell...)

It is isn't just Falwell. It is a huge segment of population that believes that civilian populations are legitimate targets of military strikes. Think Hiroshima, Nagasaki, Tokyo, Dresden, Saigon, etc. These are essentially 9/11 a thousand times over: kill civilians to change government policy. As policy, we raze civilian centers. We did it in Iraq. We did it in Panama. It is policy. The mentality continues. Iranians, in contrast, have a profound aversion to this kind of warfare.

&gt; The Palestinians elected Hamas, an organization known to be responsible for suicide bombings, to lead them in 2006. 

Of course, Hamas *exists* because [Israel built it up](http://www.upi.com/International_Intelligence/Analysis/2002/06/18/analysis_hamas_history_tied_to_israel/8272/) in the late 1970s, to weaken the PLO and to ensure the existence of an extremist religious leadership with whom it would would not have to negotiate land for peace.  Back then, the Israelis thought that "not having anyone to talk to" on the Pal side would be a good thing, because no one would armtwist them into making concessions.

&gt; If groups of religious extremists in the US or Israel began engaging in violence against a foreign state

And if a foreign power occupied our land, and put up roadblocks between our villages, we would ....?

&gt; I generally support Israel's position in the conflict, although I certainly acknowledge that the Palestinians were wronged in the past.

There's the key. The PLO exists because Israel stole the Palestinians' land. Hamas exists because Israel funded an organization to oppose the PLO (clever, that), and because of the rage at having land stolen. Hezbollah exists because Israel invaded Lebanon to get the PLO, which exists because the Israelis drove the Palestinians from their land.

&gt; You seem to be a relatively smart individual, and I would wager that you generally take the Palestinian side on this issue. In your view, what would you say the Israeli government should do?

Pull the settlers the hell out of the West Bank and Golan to demonstrate a genuine commitment to a land-for-peace swap. All of it. Allow freedom of movement for Palestinians on their own land. A military pullout should follow when the Palestinians play ball. As long as there are settlers there, the Israelis are in the wrong, and the ball is in their court. Once they pull the settlers out, they will have sent the message that it is not their land, and they will be willing to hand it over for peace. Now, they want peace immediately, and maybe they'll give some land for it.
What makes you think that I'm (1) an American, and (2) that I never left this county?
Newsflash: I'm neither of these 2.

Summary:
..and *I* am worth more than 1,000 Jews.
I see what you did there!
Wait wait wait, are you just placing a value on a human life because they placed a value on a human life?
So Jews are worth more than Americans then...
The life of one American is worth a million jews.
I don't see how he was defending Israel at all?
Countries don't think, people think.
people don't like to think about what people are saying.
I have no one to vote for.
So all Jews must think this...
That is all the difference in he world.
And good will come,

good will come, yeah.
Muslims are peace loving people, am I right?
A million Arabs = One Jew?
These Jews are 1000 Arabs.
The difference is that there's no such thing as a "top" rabbi.
What fraction of a Jew am I worth?
&gt; &gt; it's not just the neo-cons.
This rabbi doesn't want to kill us?
But you don't think it is right for Israel to value Israeli lives higher than Palestinian, even if the Arabs attacked first.
What does "Top Israel rabbi" even mean?
In your view, what would you say the Israeli government should do?
This is a Rabbi's position not the position of Israel.
I don't think these two situations are even comparable.
I don't know if I can agree with that.
No one screws around with the world like the US.
&gt; So, if I follow your logic,

I think you're incapable of following any logic.
Probably some Imam would agree that the death of a Jew is well worth that of 1000 Arabs.
What would be the point?
And the life of one internetzi is worth 1,000 Rabbis?
&gt; To the Israelis, we are shit.
&gt; The far out imams want to kill you, the rabbi doesn't?
And if I change the word *country* for *person* in your statement, it seems to me you live in a very sad world.
The far out imams want to kill _you_, the rabbi doesn't?
I say let the Middle East sort itself out.
stop trying to jew me.
To the Israelis, we are shit.
That was a good post.
Only one country has Imams making policy (and it's not Arab).
So how much are the American lives worth that we send to the Middle East to protect Israel?
Israeli foreign policy has killed more Americans than Israel has killed Palestinians.
The Israelis think God gave them the land.
And don't be naive - most get the fact that Israel exists simply because the US wants it to.
No, that's what _you_ think will result.
These Jews are 1000 fucking Arabs.
That's exactly how I feel about the lives of American soldiers.
Well I know about Turkey...
No one would be surprised.
Why is Israel judged any differently?
There's no fact to it.
The people in the area objected and fought the Jews.
The life of one fucking savage warmonger is worth just as much as the life of any other savage warmonger.
Luckily, these rabbis don't control the Israeli government.
And this is why there will NEVER be peace in the Middle East.
I guess not in your case.
Yeah, and all of them are backed up by the US.
They say that every day.
That works, except that I'm a libertarian and I want to vote for one.
Yes, I remember the good old days when a Jew's life was worth only 500 Arab's.
I wonder what he thinks of Jewish Arabs... like, where do they fall into the value of self worth?
The difference is that we give money and weapons to these crazy people.
I think he's saying it isn't worth pledging soldiers to an attack if it is risking their lives.
If the headline were "Top Saudi sheikh: Life of one Muslim worth more than 1,000 Israelis" the world would be up in arms.
So much for peace in the Middle East this month.
I don't take any extremist pastors word at all.
*

No, I'm not at all.
I don't blame the Israeli for using there superior weapons.
The Arab world forgets it is a two way street.
I think he meant to say 1 Jew could kick 1,000 Arabs ass.
It must have been made up.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.81
