Original Response:
Oh man, big surprise there!!
&gt;"Unlike some people in adult pornography, children are not willing or paid participants. The majority of images and videos depict the violent and brutal sexual assault of children, most of them younger than 12 years old. We are talking about child rape."

Fair enough, but I demand a new law for those 15 or older. There are far too many teenage girls these days posting naked pictures of themselves on the internet and 80-90% of the time I'm not sure if they're legal or not. Child pornography laws are far too broad and need to be revised, else most teenage girls on the internet are producers of child pornography and most people visiting 4chan and other websites are in possession of it. 


&gt;But in a rare move, police earlier this year arrested the publisher of a book that contained photographs of a scantily dressed 14-year-old girl striking suggestive poses.

And this is where the rise in child pornography cases is from. We are now arresting people who posses pictures of dressed underage girls in sexually suggestive poses. Next we'll be arresting people for [filming teenagers at a public event](http://reddit.com/info/6dvrm/comments/).
Huh, I would have guessed "_chan."
It's gotta come from somewhere.
But in Japan, who can even tell the difference?
@ title: no shit.
[deleted]
I shouldn't have laughed at your comment but I did...  =(
They aren't children in Japan they're pre-adults.
Sounds suspiciously like something a child molestor would say...

EDIT: I love the responses... I guess you need me to add the sarcasm tags?  I figured it was pretty much inferred given the audacity of the statement..
&gt; "child welfare campaigners said they were dismayed that the legislation will almost certainly not apply to the huge market in manga and other forms of animation that sexually exploit children."

Hand-drawn children are being exploited! Nice bullshit there, Guardian.
[deleted]
It bothers me that so many groups want to outlaw cartoon images that depict children sexually. While I find such images disturbing, I don't see any valid reason to ban them. Child pornography requires the exploitation of actual children; cartoon drawings do not.
Yes because we should never question things when it comes to the children. Sorry buddy but I don't agree with the government when it comes to broad laws that can turn anyone into a criminal who's life is over even after he is released from prison for committing no crime whatsoever.
[deleted]
People rarely feel up to defending the 1st amendment when accusations of kiddie porn are involved.
I thought there's a whole subgenre about that?
It's that kind of point blank refusal to discuss the issues that leads to stupid laws being enforced in the first place.  The laws regarding cannabis vs. alcohol consumption provoke the same kind of moronic reaction.  The arguably less damaging and sometimes even medicinally beneficial of the two is the one which is outlawed because OMG! Drugs!
[old el reg link](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2004/04/05/girl_charged_with_child_porn/)
AHAHAH, these morons defy belief sometimes.

Actually, there's a 2007 consultation paper about a ban on looking at loli with a penalty of up to three years in jail. http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/documents/cons-2007-depiction-sex-abuse

Three years for looking at cartoons. Wow...

I call bullshit on the whole idea that this is all a sort of 'gateway drug' to IRL child  abuse, too. That's like saying watching regular porn would invariably motivate someone to rape the shit out of somebody else.
[deleted]
I think the logic goes that if you let someone fantasize about something long enough, they'll eventually get around to doing it, in real life.  In the case of sex with young people, its something better left not fantasized about, I suppose, and simply un-realized.


Its a thorny subject.  Me, personally, I'm not much of a fan of any kind of pr0n, but only because I have a great active sex life in the first place.  For the millions of lonely, desperate people out there, in big cities like Tokyo and Osaka and such, I can see how this is a very difficult thing to manage.  What would be better is if the governments somehow encouraged people not to be introverted, lonely dweebs, and instead promoted a cultural shift in ideals regarding dating and courtship .. at least, in Japan, the guys could use a little help.
I'm curious about somehting that people may give me some flak for: if a girl is old enough to legally have sex, no matter her partner's age, why does a camera in the scenario turn the watcher into a pedophile? The legal age in Japan for sex is 13 (of course that differs by prefecture). If a girl is, say, 16 which means she can have sex with anybody of any age, then how does the watching of her having sex make the watcher a pedophile? I take the law thusly: if an adult male saw her in person and had sex with her consensually, he's safe from legal scrutiny. But if he watches a video of her on the net, then he's a pedophile. Maybe it's just me who doesn't get it.
&gt; The legal age in Japan for sex is 13 (of course that differs by prefecture).

We can see you've been doing your "research".
By that logic, all comics which depict people getting violently abused or killed (read: all superhero comics) should also be banned. Because we all know that fantasy always leads to reality.
The title should have also mentioned: USA is the world's biggest consumer of child pornography
Yes, and if I told you what I knew about drug legislation that would mean I was a drug user too, I suppose? Your response is the exact kind of reactionary responses the world needs. Screw sober-minded discussion, vigilance is the key.
If you have ever delved into popular Japanese comics(they call it manga). With the exception of only a few, most comic magazines depict under-age nudity and sexual relationships, sometimes even child homosexual relationships, as if they are the norm.

It's sickening.
You need to research a little more. People have been busted for rorikon manga in America and do serve time for it. First amandment doesn't get you out of that one.
It falls in line with thought police.
its sickening because of the pedophilia or because of the homo sex?
&gt;if you let someone fantasize about something

What, you're able to control their thinking?

&gt;Its a thorny subject.

Not really, it's very clear, no one's rights being violated = no crime.
And toy guns. They are representations of human killing devices used by children to fantasize about lethal combat.
Obviously, because of the pedophilia, I have nothing against gays m8.
Actually the degree of broadband penetration in a region has been shown to be correlated with a decrease in the number of sex crimes. It would seem that the availability of porn videos is reducing, not increasing the frequency of rapes.
Because having sex with the girl is private but a video on the net is public. We are punishing them for showing us what we don't want to be shown. Got nothing to do with protecting children and everything to do with protecting the recalcitrant parts of society.
Honestly, is anyone surprised? J-anything is FULL of implied pedo-stuff.
You're... wrong.

Yes, there is a huge market for pornographic manga, and a decent percentage of it is effectively child porn, but your comment is the equivalent of wandering into a US porn shop and saying, "With the exception of only a few, most movies depict hardcore sexual acts."
Most of us don't look into whether people have served time for possessing "rorikon manga" because we're not well versed in it. ;) =p
&gt;I call bullshit on the whole idea that this is all a sort of 'gateway drug' to IRL child abuse, too. That's like saying watching regular porn would invariably motivate someone to rape the shit somebody else.

People say that.

Yeah, I know.
I have a question or two: do you know what "recalcitrant" means? Why would you want to protect "people who don't obey laws"? My question was based on the girl and whomever her lover is wilfully putting the tape on the net. If it was secretly done, then obviously her consent wasn't there and so makes it illegal, no matter her age.
Some of us at least take the time to know what we're talking about before acting like we do. And again, the ad hominem attack for knowing what I'm talking about? Really? I'm glad this wasn't centuries ago in England or my knowledge of newts would have me burning at a stake.
Who wants to wager this is just another April Fool's joke from Reddit?
You guys are right. Permitting sub-cultures that revolve around the fantasy of sexually exploiting children is perfectly fine in a civilised society. 

There's no possible way that the fantasies embedded within such sub-cultures could ever leak into the real world. From a causal point of view such things reside within a hermetically sealed place, and have no effects on the minds of humans.

The real test is this. If you knew that a particular person spent an hour each evening fantasizing about child rape, abuse, or other forms of assault and sexual exploitation, would you  leave your child in their care while you went out for the evening with your partner?

I've yet to meet one person with children who has answered yes to this question.
Maybe because it encourages sick people to do more than look at cartoons.

from the article:

"Unlike some people in adult pornography, children are not willing or paid participants. The majority of images and videos depict the violent and brutal sexual assault of children, most of them younger than 12 years old. We are talking about child rape."
And you are right. Prohibiting child fantasy pornography would not create a black market for it. Or that the "child" status is not completely made up, and in history the child age limit has not wildly fluctuated to the benefit of the current ruling class and the masses it panders to.
And people who are not interested in sex with minor can be converted using a bunch image depicting that fantasy.
Also we need more superfluous laws that can be misused.

Or, how about this, when someone rapes a child, use the other law, the one where it says you can't have sex with a minor.
Take the test my friend, take the test. And then we'll see who's calling the bullshit.
This article is very poorly researched and a perfect example of the journalistic exploitation of 'scary' or 'reprehensible' topics.  In sum, this article is compete crap.

Having spent vast amounts of time in Japanese porno stores, I think I am qualified to claim a status of nearly 'expert'.  I mean, geez, I should at least get that for my considerable time investment.  Anyway, there are many contradictions and exaggerations in this article.  For example: "the new law is expected to anger child welfare groups by exempting manga comics and animated films."

How the hell could one NOT exempt a comic?  Can it be demonstrated that this is a depiction of a 17 year old and not an 18 y.o.?  Moreover, Japan already has rather draconian laws concerning manga and anime.  It is actually illegal to draw a vagina or penis for publication.  You can make a giant penis statue and carry it down the street, but you may not draw one!  

When I first came to Japan, prior to '99, there used to be a 'lolita' section in all the porno shops.  This section contained videos of young girls running around in bathing suits and shorts and such.  The somewhat older girls (teenagers, I think the youngest I saw was 14) would occasionally also be seen naked and with perhaps a very subtle masturbation scene (kind of hard to tell).  Though the article states " children are not willing or paid participants...."  I have little doubt, both from watching the videos and from advertisements that I have seen, that the older teenage girls were in fact quite willing and fairly well compensated to appear in these videos.  However, after '99 or so, these videos were no longer available and most 'lolita' sections disappeared.  The 'scato' section though, is unfortunately still thriving.
&gt; How the hell could one NOT exempt a comic? Can it be demonstrated that this is a depiction of a 17 year old and not an 18 y.o.?

It is the **artist's** responsibility to get the proper age verification of his drawings!  That's the law, buddy-boy
How can you tell?
How is it relevant how parents would answer to a question that only has one publicly acceptable answer?
The question is not even related.
Sure nobody don't want a pedo-bear babysitting their child, but what does that has anything to do with the drawings of naked children?

Are you saying looking at some drawing changes the person into a pedophile?
What about erotic stories involving children?
Should those be banned too?
If the author made a typo, and typed "15" instead of "18", should he be arrested? 

Where do you stop?
Inaccurately titled, it says "one of the biggest" in the article
Really this isn't my thing, but I have to agree with this statement "Other critics of a far-reaching ban say the characters depicted in scores of lolicon titles are fictional and so are not being harmed." and that outlawing it could "drive men who use them as an outlet for their sexual urges to commit more serious offences."
I don't know where to begin. I'm a resident of Japan, and I couldn't look you in the face and honestly tell you I understand the culture completely. But sexuality here is very different from Western understanding. I have had 12-year-old kids make overtly sexual comments to me and had 4-year-old children try to grab my crotch, without provocation in a camera'd room,  while teaching. I know nobody wants rational thought on this matter, it has been completely evidenced so far. But understand that many children have sexual feelings and the Western style is to admonish them and therefore it's curbed. In Japan, to even make mention of sexual things to admonish children, is uncommon. While I won't say one is preferable over another, I should remind you that in Western society "children" were being wed within most of last century. I understand it's an uncomfortable topic, but I think it should be addressed dispassionately, in the form of well-thought-out discourse, not through an ethnocentric blurb of rhetoric.
Sounds suspiciously like something someone who secretly wants to be a child molestor would say.
&gt; We are punishing them for showing us what we don't want to be shown


you can choose not to look.
I wouldn't leave my children in their care, but I wouldn't arrest them or seek prosecution against them for fantasizing.
Guess where the chans originated?
Of course it's related. It shows what people *really* feel about the pornography you're saying should be permitted. The idea that we should permit behaviour that would lead to a situation where those who so behave are shunned and feared by the majority of the rest of society is perverse.

Carrying a gun or knife doesn't "make you" likely to murder a member of the public, but yet we don't permit possession of such items in public (here in the UK). We don't want to live  in a society in which those things are accepted/the norm.

Purchasing bomb-making manuals doesn't cause you to become a "terrorist", but yet book shops are not permitted to sell such items, and yet few members of the public are particularly bothered about this "curtailment of freedom".

Your rhetorical "where do you stop?" lacks force because in fact society makes such choices about such matters on a regular basis and yet we don't see an inevitable and rapid progression from prohibition of a particular activity to, as you seem to be suggesting, a slippery slope leading to loss of all liberty.

The answer to the "typo" issue should be obvious. "*You can't ban knives, what if I accidentally walk out of my house with one in my pocket? Eh? What then?*" Obviously, the police and courts have discretion over such matters, and they sensibly apply such discretion, thousands of times each day.

(I myself was the recipient of such discretion a short while back when I became involved in an altercation with some random smack-head who was trying to kick down my garden fence. The implement that a witness told the police I was carrying was overlooked, because of the nature of the incident. Oh, and if you are wondering it was neither a gun nor knife -- I don't think the discretion would stretch that far).
Except that there's a mountain of evidence that proves the opposite is true.  The greater the access there is to adult porn, the lower the incidence of rape goes.  It's pretty clear at this point that if people have certain desires, seeing pornography on the subject actually quells their desire so they don't have to go seek out the real thing.
According to this article the people in Japan have plenty of access to smut, but they also have a major child sexual abuse problem.

"there's a mountain of evidence that proves the opposite is true"

Can you post a couple links to this?
If that bill passes I'm leaving this country.
Sorry I just realised I didn't properly read over the comment above yours. I retract my previous comment.
They should outlaw videos of humans killing each other too...
You said:

&gt; "According to this article the people in Japan have plenty of access to smut, but they also have a major child sexual abuse problem."

No the article said Japan has a major child pornography production problem, not a major child sexual abuse problem from among the general population.  There's a major difference.  In other words, there is a problem with with children being sexually abused in Japan not because of pedophiles, but rather because of capitalism.

Here are a couple of the top google links for the term "pornography" and "rape."

http://www.slate.com/id/2152487/

http://www.hawaii.edu/PCSS/online_artcls/pornography/prngrphy_rape_jp.html
l

etc.

http://www.google.com/search?client=safari&amp;rls=en-us&amp;q=pornography+rape&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;oe=UTF-8
Hey Japan, why don't you take a seat. Take a seat right there.
http://blogs.webmd.com/sexual-health-sex-matters/2006/10/correlation-between-sexual-images.html
Chances are that you won't know if the person into whose care you entrust your children is a viewer of such material or not.

Of course, that's always the case, within any context, but saying that you won't seek prosecution against them is little different from saying that you refuse to prosecute the carriers of offensive weapons unless the carrier actually uses them. Shutting the gate after the horse has bolted?

And before you start on about weapons being different from child pornography, you've already admitted that you wouldn't permit viewers of such material to take charge of your children. So let's not pretend that we're all OK about child pornography and that there's nothing ominous, threatening or indicative about its use.

"*I enjoy fantasizing about sex with immature, vulnerable people. People that adults are usually regarded as having a duty to do their utmost to protect. But really, I'm a trustworthy individual, honest.*"
[deleted]
The US is the biggest consumer of pretty much everything, so that would be a pretty meaningless point to mention.
tmi man tmi.
The first amendment could still get you out of it, it's just that you'd have to appeal the recent PROTECT law on constitutional grounds.  Previous such laws have been overturned by the Supreme Court, which has protected "speech that records no crime and creates no victims by its production".  Even a conservative Supreme Court might be hard-pressed to curtail the first amendment on something like this.
What's the ad-hominem?  That you're well-versed in lolicon?  You and every other 4chan reader...
Yes, and the reason for them being the market leader is the amazing efficiency they have achieved in the production process.  

They make a better product with more consistent quality, all for a lower price that uses less resources.  

It's a win-win-win and they deserve all the accolades they receive.
Thank you folks for the links.
I agree with the ban on child porn photographs and videos because they depict real children being taken advantage of. but manga??? I don't understand the reasoning. These are cartoons not real people... banning that is skirting dangerously close to punishing people for thought crimes.
&gt; Of course it's related. It shows what people really feel about the pornography you're saying should be permitted. The idea that we should permit behaviour that would lead to a situation where those who so behave are shunned and feared by the majority of the rest of society is perverse.

No, it's the opposite that is perverse: that you want to criminalize thought on the basis that people would shun you if you admitted to them.  That sort of thinking is a far greater danger to the human race than any problem you're trying to address with it.

&gt; Purchasing bomb-making manuals doesn't cause you to become a "terrorist", but yet book shops are not permitted to sell such items, and yet few members of the public are particularly bothered about this "curtailment of freedom".

That's partly because it's not a ban on possessing the material, at least in the United States.
&gt;It would seem that the availability of porn videos is reducing, not increasing the frequency of rapes.

There are any number of reasons broadband access in a population could correspond to fewer sex crimes; better socioeconomic standing in general, more families than individuals, differences in age range, a better economy and better paid police, who knows. 

I'm generally a fan of porn and think it should be freely available, but more porn access may or may not have anything to do with those crime rates--the simple fact that people with broadband can find porn online certainly doesn't demonstrate that it's the reason sex crimes are down in areas with broadband.  It's possible, but unless there's more you left out, it's an absurdly far and unsupported jump to the desired conclusion.
&gt;Of course, that's always the case, within any context, but saying that you won't seek prosecution against them is little different from saying that you refuse to prosecute the carriers of offensive weapons unless the carrier actually uses them.

Sure. I have no problem with people walking around with weapons either, as long as they aren't using them.

&gt;And before you start on about weapons being different from child pornography,

Don't apply for that James Randi competition any time soon.

&gt;So let's not pretend that we're all OK about child pornography and that there's nothing ominous, threatening or indicative about its use.

I'm not okay with child pornography, but it _does_ exist. I'd rather see people getting prosecuted for distribution and / or the production of child pornography than watching it - regardless of whether the watcher fantasizes about it or not.

Lots of people fantasize about doing lots of different shit without having the slightest intention of _ever_ doing any of it. 

You've never thought about doing anything that's outside of societal norms?

Fantasizing hurts nobody, watching existing material hurts nobody (am I a nazi if I watch holocaust footage?). 

The _production_ of child pornography, and child sexual abuse in general is a disgusting thing that scars people for life. 

Having sex (especially forcibly) with someone who is not able to fully comprehend the meaning of what they are doing goes against the very basis of morality - consent.

Egh. It's a complex issue - on one hand, the fact that there are people actively looking for and watching child pornography means that there are people out there who are actually attracted to kids.

On the other hand, where do you draw the line? The way people have been going after other people for looking at child porn is a bit ridiculous.

I mean, if someone's got archives of the shit on their hard drives, then they could probably use some mental help - probably not incarceration or prosecution. If someone just clicks the wrong link sometime or writes a usenet scraper, or a chan-board scraper (or hell, just about any sort of spider) though? Meh.

(Oh, and where is all the news about people getting busted for _making_ child porn or for _actually sexually abusing_ some kids?) 

&gt;Chances are that you won't know if the person into whose care you entrust your children is a viewer of such material or not

Nope, you don't. That's why you should only leave your kids with people you know.

Even if they weren't a viewer of such material, that person could still want to fuck your kids or kill your kids or any other of a plethora of despicable acts.

Again, in the case of someone fantasizing about kids what they need is counseling and psychiatric help - not prosecution and incarceration.
&gt; that you want to criminalize thought

Please re-read what I actually wrote. No one's talking about criminalizing thought here. It's the production and consumption of child pornography we're discussing.
Let's ban any art that depicts any socially unacceptable act. Let's give everyone a polygraph, test them to see if they have any kind of deviant pedophilic tendencies, and then burn them at the stake. Throw in bestiality and sodomy while we're at it. Burn the art too. Let's kill the artist as well, he's a pedophile. Hmmm...  Maybe kill anyone that defends them too.
If the pornography is drawings, and not photographs of real children, then you're effectively criminalizing thought, art, and expression.  Everything I wrote still applies.

(Edit: P.S. I wonder if the issue here isn't a cultural one: the U.S. cultural &amp; legal position on freedom of expression is pretty strong, and, to summarize wildly, ultimately usually rejects attempts to curtail expression that doesn't demonstrably result in harm to others.)
I am so disturbed that this comment has been bumped so high.  30 points for "I don't see the harm of cartoons of children getting raped"!!!??

Child porn, especially sexual cartoons, is often used to entice children to have sex.  For that reason alon it is terrible.

This is about the only free form of expression that I can find no redeemable value in.
Don't you know that anyone who has ever read Romeo &amp; Juliet has turned into a pedophile?
&gt; I'd rather see people getting prosecuted for distribution and / or the production of child pornography than watching it 

Isn't that where this discussion started? I agree.

&gt; You've never thought about doing anything that's outside of societal norms?

Of course I have, but only with consenting adults. As for my moral failings, what difference do they make to the question of whether certain things should be discouraged or prohibited?

&gt; am I a nazi if I watch holocaust footage?

Of course not. But I'd be concerned if you watched it in order to facilitate an orgasm.

&gt; The way people have been going after other people for looking at child porn is a bit ridiculous.

We're not talking about people who have inadvertently downloaded stuff, we're talking about serial users of such material.

&gt; Even if they weren't a viewer of such material, that person could still want to fuck your kids or kill your kids or any other of a plethora of despicable acts.

That's true. Just as it's true that you can kill someone by smacking them over the head with a brick. It doesn't mean that we should therefore roll out the red carpet to a weapons-carrying society (I live in the UK, where carrying weapons in public is not permitted under law).

PS. "Fuck your kids". Classy.
I agree, drawings are different from actually exploiting children. 

Although citing a "fuzzy" area doesn't negate the discussion overall. *All* matters of law have grey areas. That's why courts and the police have and use their powers of discretion. We are humans and not machines, after all.

Regardless, I still wouldn't want a person who harboured such fantasies to be around my children, which kind of makes it difficult for me to condone the moral character of such people.
The supreme court agrees with you:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashcroft_v._Free_Speech_Coalition
If they have enough time to rape someone then they're obviously not downloading enough porn.  So the real problems are download caps and slow broadband speeds.
I suggest some sort of color changing tattoo to indicate ripeness.
So if you were a pedo, what would stop you from drawing pictures of children having sex and using them to entice minors to these acts?

Or would you also outlaw drawing?
&gt;I live in the UK, where carrying weapons in public is not permitted under law.

In the underbelly of the cities, in the shady areas, are people not armed? (I live, however unfortunately, in the US where the concept of a large city without a massive amount of armed poor people is totally alien to me).

I understand that making weapons illegal does not mean "OMG now the criminals can do whatevah 4 they has the gunz now!" - but really how hard would it be for me to get a gun in the UK?

Or is it that I can have one and just not carry it around (different story there).

&gt;We're not talking about people who have inadvertently downloaded stuff, we're talking about serial users of such material.

Alright.

&gt;As for my moral failings, what difference do they make to the question of whether certain things should be discouraged or prohibited?

Nothing. I don't think it should necessarily be _legal_ to watch child porn. I just question what we should do when someone is found to look at child porn. I think it's the type of thing that needs to be handled by people who know the mind well on a case-by-case basis.

The production of _actual child porn_ is another matter. 

Note, at least in the US "prosecuted for looking at child porn" means likely jail-time and possibly spending the rest of your life on _a sex-offender registry_, depending on where you are. That is fucking ridiculous.


&gt;It doesn't mean that we should therefore roll out the red carpet to a weapons-carrying society

This is also true - it also doesn't mean that we should do everything in our power to _utterly purge people with these types of thoughts from society_, which you may or may not have even been arguing for. 

They're humans too, most of them feel horrible about their urges, and they can be helped.

Edit: Looking over this discussions history, it looks like we're talking about _drawn_ pornographic material featuring "underaged drawings". I just want to let you know that this is one of those topics that has been causing utterly giant flamewars on the internet for years, and normally ends up with a whole bunch of decently intelligent folks violently agreeing with one another and not realizing it. Comes up less often than religion, more often than Emma Goldman being anti-abortion.
Regarding the above quote. So if a 7 year old was willing and was paid for her services, then the child porn produced as a result would be okay? Because that's what seems to be protested here.
I don't know. the argument that depriving people of an 'outlet' makes them commit more serious offences isn't all that well supported by scientific evidence. While I wouldn't argue in the other direction, there *is* quite a bit of evidence for that too.

The low rates of sexual crimes in Japan are often used as an argument for this 'outlet' theory, but one problem with this is that in Japan these crimes are not reported as often as in the west.
&gt; I agree, drawings are different from actually exploiting children.

That's all that this thread is discussing.  It started with [this comment](http://reddit.com/info/6e9sq/comments/c03lun1), and no-one in the thread has been talking about porn involving real children.  

&gt; Although citing a "fuzzy" area doesn't negate the discussion overall.

It certainly negates what you've written in this thread.

&gt; Regardless, I still wouldn't want a person who harboured such fantasies to be around my children, which kind of makes it difficult for me to condone the moral character of such people.

No-one is even suggesting that you should condone their moral character.  But that has nothing to do with criminalizing the  possession or creation of pornographic drawings depicting children, which is what you suggested, assuming you weren't confused about the subject of the thread.

Anyway, good job on living up to the nick.  It's difficult to tell when people are being serious around here...
"I don't see the harm of game of people being killed"

Killing games, especially first person shooters, are ofter used to teach children to kill others.  For that reason alone it is terrible.

That is about the only free form of expression that I can find no redeemable value in.
- Surely the best of reddit
I have read that in pre-WW II Japan pedophilia was practiced openly and without stigma.  Ie, it was socially acceptable.  After their defeat in the war we imposed laws that drove pedophilia underground.  Given its prior acceptance, it does not surprise me that it's widely popular there.
Even better, why does a camera make prostitution legal?
No one I know of has ever been kiddy-pron-rolled.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lolicon#Legal_status_in_the_United_States

"In February 2007, Senator John McCain introduced S.519, which would add a mandatory 10-year prison sentence to anyone who uses the Internet to violate the PROTECT Act."

Download cartoon sexy pictures, and John McCain sends you to jail for 10 years.
Not to mention, if I scribble out some crude drawings of dicks entering vaginas or butts, and neglect to draw pubes, does that make me a child pornographer?
The ad hominem attack is a back-handed yet obvious attack on me for knowing about hentai manga arrests in America. And for the record, I'm not a 4chan reader. Which would fit you for the criteria of an ad hominem attack. Congratulations! You don't appear to want to use your noggin for more than a hat rack. Let me know if you have something intelligent to say. And, to turn the tables, how did you know it was "lolicon" not "rorikon" as I put it?
[deleted]
Thanks for the response.  But wow, you're touchy.  Not every comment is directed at you, or a criticism of you.  My 4chan comment was intended to indicate that being at least aware of lolicon doesn't necessarily imply that a person is a raving pedophile.

To answer your question, I had to google rorikon - I didn't know what it referred to.  I probably could have guessed based on pronunciation if I had thought about it, though.

[Edit: btw, the reason I googled it was because I was surprised to read the claim of someone being imprisoned in the U.S. for, essentially, possessing art.  Thanks for the info.  Although there do seem to have been other factors at play in the one case I found mention of.]

&gt; Congratulations! You don't appear to want to use your noggin for more than a hat rack.

When you jump to unwarranted conclusions about others' intentions, their behavior must often seem mystifying indeed.
The correct analogy would be to outlaw drawing pictures of children having sex.
&gt;*Child porn, especially sexual cartoons, is often used to entice children to have sex.*

I hadn't heard about this. Where can I learn more?
&gt;What, you're able to control their thinking?

Sure.  Thats what the mass media does.  This is what cultures have done for centuries: controlled the thoughts of individual members.

&gt;Not really, it's very clear, no one's rights being violated = no crime.

.. all fine and dandy until your 8-yr old daughter is cut into pieces by the otaku kid from next door ..
Yes, I would outlaw adults drawing pictures of children having sex.  

There is almost no other form of sexual expression that I don't believe should be protected. You can have your 2girls1cup, Pain Olympics, TubGirl, Rick Aston videos (maybe that last one is not OK).

This is not the precipice of a slippery slope toward dystopia.  The audience for kidding porn comics really needs to be institutionalized.  If you get off by reading manga, then you probably are mentally deranged, and society should be protected from you.

I just want to say once again that I am totally libertarian about almost every personal freedom.  I believe that the right to have homo sex or animal sex or to pay for sex or to do any kind of crazy drug that you want to do should be guaranteed unconditionally. Exploring your fascination with children being raped by tentacle monsters just isn't a legitimate freedom.
I wish I had more time to respond to every point adequately, but quickly...

My concern is not primarily with drawings versus photography, but with the mentality of the people who desire to view such material and with the nature of the cultures that form around it.

I also take exception to the glib sneering and mocking of those who are concerned about depictions of child pornography, whatever form (implementation detail!) it takes. Something also found in this thread.

Drawings are indeed materially different from photographs/video/audio. But the end result is someone getting off on depictions of sex or else the sexualization of vulnerable people. IMO, it's perfectly reasonable for a society to take a view on whether or not it wants to explictily permit (or prohibit) such a thing.

My personal view is that if someone wants to produce such drawings for his own personal use, there is little point in trying to stop him. However, creating manga/cartoons for general sale and distribution is very different from someone drawing Lollita pictures for his own titillation 

And please, spare me the "but it's art" objections. Art isn't a religion in the name of which any misdeed can be justified.

I share others' concerns about an overbearing state, and of the nascent attempts of law enforcement and others to "[get inside people's heads](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/7006628.stm)". But having known  people  who have to pick up the pieces of the lives shattered by those  whose fantasies spilled over into real life, and when you have friends (at least two in my case) whose lives have been *seriously* compromised by the abuse they suffered as children, ethics debates about freedom of expression appear pretty trivial in comparison, and arguments that child pornography manifested as drawings is somehow acceptable seem pretty hollow.
30 points for "I don't see the harm in people's reputation being trashed in the media just because they're running for office!!!???"

Reporting in the news about people's past personal problems, especially when it's about important people of authority, is often used to entice voters to elect candidates based on their emotional reaction to the candidate's past moral failings instead of on how they would govern if elected. For that reason alone it is terrible.

This is about the only free form of expression that I can find no redeemable value in.
Your leap from "looking at child porn drawings" to "anally raping kindergartners" is pure conjecture.

There's already a law for rape.

If you want to ban this particular **depiction** of depravity, you should be fair, and ban everything else. From provocative books about murder, serial killers, and movies like Clockwork Orange to Lord of the rings, where violence is celebrated.

Because they are equally* likely to lead to unsavory behavior.

But you won't, because you happen to like *your version* of imagined depravity. I believe that's called hypocrisy.

Me, on the other hand, I happen to love Dexter. So everyone else should also be able to enjoy their freak of choice at the comfort of their personal space.


*Not very likely
&gt; "I am totally libertarian about almost every personal freedom."

No, you're not even close to libertarian.  You may like to think that you are, but you aren't.  If you're only libertarian regarding issues that don't personally offend your morality, then you aren't libertarian at all.  

Libertarian means letting people have the liberty to do what they want so long as it doesn't stop other people from doing what they want also.  To a libertarian, raping a child is the antithesis of libertarian ideals because that is one person exerting their liberty at the highest cost of another person's liberty.  However, drawing a cartoon of a child being raped would be absolutely without question allowed by libertarian opinion.  However again, even just SHOWING that drawing to a child would run counter to libertarianism since it's infringing on the liberty of the child to not see what they don't want to see and infringing on the parent's liberty to raise their kids the way they want to.

Of COURSE a libertarian would allow people to draw anything they want!  That's almost the definition of libertarian!
"I have had 12-year-old kids make overtly sexual comments to me"

Such as?
&gt; But you won't, because you happen to like your version of imagined depravity. I believe that's called hypocrisy.

Projection, much?

If you trawl back through my comments, you'll find me railing against violence in movies (I deplore the fact that Hollywood can't tell a story without involving firearms) as well as the "gun culture" mentality in general.

As for consistency, society focusses upon the issues that cause the most problems or else give it most cause for concern. (A man who demands to know everything before he moves, will never move, etc.).

You may not agree that explicitly permitting the celebration of the sexualization of children is a problem. You are of course entitled to your opinion.

As for the association between child pornography and child sexual abuse being "pure conjecture", my response is not to claim or deny a "cause and effect" relation, but to invite you to take (if only mentally) the babysitter test. Of course, a babysitter who merely "drew" depictions of child sexuality may more acceptable to you than one who regularly views photographs. For me, the difference is insignificant.

Honey, let's invite the child pornography fantasist to look after the children. After all, any possible link between his viewing such material and the likelihood of him abusing the kids is only conjecture.

As for accusations of hypocrisy, the next time you are in "polite company", be sure to tell them of your liberal views regarding child porn, lest your reluctance to admit as much renders you subject to the same accusation.
The babysitter test is useless. People who enjoy depiction of child sex makes bad babysitter. And people who drinks makes bad drivers. 
By that line of thought alcohol should be banned, because the drinking of alcohol leads to drunk driving, sometimes even **child rape**.
I can back this up with real statistics and factual evidence. While your conjecture is solely based on your puritan mindset. 
Now, I don't drink, I hate alcohol, I would be very happy if drinking is banned everywhere. But that would make me a hypocrite.

Don't you agree at least, theoretically, if  we can stop all consumption of alcohol we will save more people than if we destroy all depiction of child sex?

&gt;As for consistency, society focusses upon the issues that cause the most problems or else give it most cause for concern.

Then we should ban alcohol first before banning child porn comics.

Correct me if I'm wrong, even using lowest-common-denominator current conservative society standard, I believe it is legal to sell illustrated sexual stories involving underage characters. So by your own chosen barometer, society disagrees with you
&gt; But having known people who have to pick up the pieces of the lives shattered by those whose fantasies spilled over into real life

I'm sorry about the situation you describe, but I can't accept that characterization without evidence.  From what I understand of such things, it's far more likely that the real life tendencies of the perpetrators also found expression in fantasy.  You're confusing disease with symptom.

&gt; and when you have friends (at least two in my case) whose lives have been seriously compromised by the abuse they suffered as children, ethics debates about freedom of expression appear pretty trivial in comparison, and arguments that child pornography manifested as drawings is somehow acceptable seem pretty hollow.

Once again, I'm sorry about the situation, but psychologically, legally, and criminologically, the "solutions" you seem to favor are feel-good reactionary ones which achieve nothing useful.  You cannot legislate away mental illness, and you cannot run a society by restricting information only to that which will not disturb children and the mentally ill.

What you propose would criminalize behavior that any psychologist will tell you is within normal limits, for a significant number of people, and doesn't lead to unhealthy behavior.

Your reasoning also presupposes a causal relationship that if anything, has been demonstrated in the other direction, i.e. that availability of pornography reduces incidents of sexual crime.

Since you raised the issue of sale and distribution, does that mean you wouldn't try to ban erotic stories involving children, exchanged for free across the net?  If so, then the commerce aspect is actually irrelevant, and you really want to ban certain communications between people.  Or is the commerce aspect merely a pragmatic focus for enforcement purposes?

&gt; ethics debates about freedom of expression appear pretty trivial in comparison

Try telling that to the Supreme Court of the United States, which has repeatedly found in favor of freedom of expression on this issue, and overturned legislation intended to prohibit such material.  Of course, that doesn't settle any argument except a legal one in a certain jurisdiction, but the point is that these are decisions not taken lightly.  Those judges didn't consider ethics debates about freedom of expression to appear "pretty trivial".
In the Hagakure, Yamamoto Tsumetomo argued (several hundred years ago) that a society that prohibited all vices would wither and die, just as a pond that has no leaves or rocks has nowhere for the fish to hide from predators. He was really alluding to a "pressure cooker" type argument. Society needs its release, and will find one. It's all about what releases are available to it and how they're managed.

I agree with you about the toll of alcohol. It's serious. There've been quite a few rumblings within the government and medical establishment here (UK) recently about banning it altogether. 

I don't think they will (taxation issues aside), because too many know that the sand will simply slip through the fingers of the vice-like grip and spill over into other activities (like the insane driving in Saudi Arabia and the carnage that causes). Or else gambling, or else smokeable/injectable drugs, or else mass brawling for recreation and letting hair down, etc.

However, I don't know many who would argue for child pornography to be classed as a valid "recreational" activity.


EDIT:
Changed

"....a society that prohibited no vices would wither and die"

to 

"....a society that prohibited *all* vices would wither and die"

Doh!
Nah. Because of all the issues involved in picking on particular moral questions, let's just allow everything.

Problem solved.
The babysitter test is perfect for calling the bluff of those who claim that they see nothing ominous in the consumption of child pornography or that there is no link between child pornographic fantasies and the likelihood that a person who has them will ever act out those fantasies.

Actions speak (much) louder than words.
&gt; Try telling that to the Supreme Court of the United States, which has repeatedly found in favor of freedom of expression on this issue, and overturned legislation intended to prohibit such material.

That probably helps explain why the US is the world's biggest producer of pornography.

I've little more to add. I can keep batting off points and questions and you'll keep firing them back at me. Which is all fine and good, but I really need to get some work done.
It is useless, because it say doesn't anything about child porn, rather it just highlight the extreme parents would go to ensure their child's safety.

Very few people qualify as babysitter, so pointing out that perverts who enjoy hentai are bad babysitter amounts to nothing.

For example, would you let these people babysit your children:
* Someone who you know jerks off regularly to regular porn
* Someone who drinks too much
* Rehabilitated ex-convict 
* Random teenage male, babysit your teenage daughter
* Catholic priests

by your logic, they all should be behind bars because they all fail your babysitter test.

And you also didn't respond to my alcohol argument.

And of course this is not about illustrated child porn, this is about not limiting the liberties of others just because it happens to offend your sensibilities. Because everyone has different tastes, all things would be banned.

Let's just agree to disagree. I don't think I will change your mind. But believe me, you are puritan and not at all a libertarian
How does it pertain to your opinion on the subject?
Don't slip back and forth between child porn with real victims and fantasized/illustrated child porn where there are no victim (just your theoritical future victims).

I'm not advocating child porn, I am just against prohibition against all kinds of fantasy because it's a practice in futility and always unfairly beneficial to the rule makers.

Simply, we shouldn't and can't punish people for thinking the *wrong* thoughts.
The "babysitter" argument is not a device for determining what what should be legislated for, but one to show that those who claim that child pornography is indicative of nothing about the character of the user don't actually have the courage of their convictions.

Of the types you list I'd allow the first (provided his/her appetites were restricted to adults) and possibly (depending upon the original crime and how well I knew him/her) the ex-convict. Random teenage male and Catholic priests - how mad do you think I am? No to an alcoholic too (I've known too many of these, and know the typical problems).

&gt; Because everyone has different tastes, all things would be banned

You're denying the obvious fact that society does reach consensus over certain issues. What else is there to say? That's democracy.

See my parallel comment for the alcohol point.
I'm curious.   What does my opinion of the subject have to do with it?
As I've said several times on this page already. I'm not interested in punishing people for their thoughts, only in preventing a culture of affirmation and permissiveness around child pornography.
&gt; (just your theoritical future victims) 

And you should stop pretending that you would make a different choice during the babysitter test from the one I would make.

Again, walk versus talk. Money and mouth. etc.
This is a dialogue. If you don't present your opinion but instead look for lusty quotes from  12-year olds then you seem to migrate to the problem side instead of the discussion side.
The original poster specifically said "15 or older".

Have you been to MySpace recently? 

There's an entire subset of teenage girls (13 - 19) who seem to be aspiring to be porn stars or play bunnies....doesn't that change the terms somewhat?
This is reddit.  It is whatever we want it to be.   I don't have a great deal of new insight to add to this discussion but I am curious about what things Japanese 12 year olds say to adults.

Why did you bring up the alleged sexual comments in the first place if you didn't want to elaborate?
&gt;Sure. Thats what the mass media does. This is what cultures have done for centuries: controlled the thoughts of individual members.

That's not the same as using physical force to control their thoughts, which is what you're suggesting.  People viewing the media have a choice.

&gt;.. all fine and dandy until your 8-yr old daughter is cut into pieces by the otaku kid from next door ..

Isn't it clear to you?  That would be a crime.  You should get your head checked.
But ... But ... they're talking about how those damned Asians don't age after 14.
&gt; That probably helps explain why the US is the world's biggest producer of pornography.

Certainly: freedom of expression results in more expression.  I get the impression that you don't think that this is a net benefit, and that may be our fundamental point of disagreement.

The place to enforce social mores is through a religion or some such voluntary organization.  Laws and the threat of imprisonment are for actual crimes, not for things you happen not to like or understand.
Of course if you've ever been on 4chan, you already knew that.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Going just by what you said, the sexual pervert who needs the gratification can then pay someone ELSE to create the images on his behalf? I think it would be better to state that photographic or video recordings of such acts should not involve any actual depictions of real children. It's the best way to discourage **using** real children to produce them.
[deleted]
I'm inclined to agree, with the stipulation that *selling* it should be illegal as it's a means to profit from the original crime of making it. Of course, this may be [what you can't say](http://paulgraham.com/say.html).
Would such a video made in Japan be illegal in Japan? What if the age of consent in Elbonia was 3, should a video involving a 3-year-old in Elbonia be legal in the USA?
Kill yourself, nigger.
I think [genetic marking](http://www.geneticspots.com/) is a better alternative.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oh the other hand, it's really gross
"Expression". Oh puh-leeease.
Can you at least agree that it should be illegal to pay for child porn, since that creates a market for it and incentive to produce more? And don't tell me people will be happy with what already exists. If that were the case, why do people still make regular porn?
Yes, I get that you've been programmed from birth by your society to have ingrained negative attitudes about major aspects of your humanity, and that you apparently haven't attempted very hard to apply your obvious intellect to escape that programming.  But try to understand that not everyone is either as limited as you are in that respect, or for that matter as advanced as you are, i.e. there will always be forms of expression that you find repulsively primitive and/or baffling.

But laws are not there to ensure that everyone in the world thinks the way you do.  Once again, that's a job for religion.
A video like I described would be illegal in Japan. But I don't understand the purpose of the rest of your post. And what does any of this have to do with the USA? Or do you only understand things within the context of your own country and assume everybody else does too?
I must've been a little fried when I first responded. I would agree that if the teen can legally consent to sex in a region, then videos of that person should also be legal in said region.
You're right, and here's one such struggling artist whose freedom of expression has been so cruelly curtailed:

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/bradford/7327883.stm
Yellow Umbrella Corp?  Is this a Resident Evil easter egg?  The concept is interesting but I'm not sure the benefit outweighs the risk of tampering with someone's DNA.
As I said around about the time when you started pleading work, you confuse symptom with disease.  You want to curtail expression for an entire society because a few people are ill.

In this case, I don't even know if that's accurate.  What was Meehan's involvement in any actual crime?  You don't know, and nor do the police, otherwise they'd be investigating and charging him for it.  Otherwise, what I see is indeed a violation of human rights, a way of getting societal revenge for an upset populace, a modern witchhunt which you are apparently partaking of gleefully.  You should be ashamed of yourself, but I realize that you're just one of the mob, not really capable of independent thought on matters such as this.

To you, any crime involving children is apparently so bad that extreme measures are justified in attempts at their prevention, no matter how misguided.  There are many people like you here, who think with their gut and let emotion override reason; so we get presidents like Bush who try to undermine the Constitution, for the same sorts of reasons that you raise: the eternal fight against child molesters and terrorists, two things that can be guaranteed to cause a population to suspend reason.

Selective enforcement of laws against the people you collectively don't like is not something to be proud of, as a society.
Oh do calm down with the hyperbole.

Child abuse is widely recongnized as being one of the most under-reported crimes. Which is not surprising given the contexts in which it typically occurs. 

It's not just a "few sick individuals". Society is rife with child abusers, both familial and institutional and it always has been. 

The older I get the more people I meet who have been victims. So go tell someone else your theory that it's just a media-fuelled witch-hunt and is really down to just a few bad apples (although I don't disagree that sections of the media do whip up public anxiety over the issue, but intelligent, or should I say experienced, people can judge the reality for themselves).

One reason why people are quicker to protect children than other "classes" of victim, is because children, for the most part, are unable to defend themselves.

For your info. Meehan's brother-in-law kidnapped Meehan's step-daughter a couple of month's back and hid her within his house for several weeks. But I'm sure there's no question of abuse and I'm sure that people like him are just getting responsible users of child pornography a bad name.
You haven't answered the question about Meehan's involvement in any actual crime.  From where I stand, I see a witchhunter proudly proclaiming "see? we got a witch! imprison him!", when for all we actually know this is a travesty of justice.  If it were otherwise, he'd be arrested on a real charge.

I'm sure you'll sleep better tonight, but you don't deserve to.  Once again, you should be ashamed of yourself.

[P.S. you chose a really ironic example to raise of the worth of such laws.  The case perfectly illustrates such laws for what they are: a way to make it easier to persecute people when someone deems that necessary.]
A defender and excuser of consumers of child pornography questioning my right to sleep well at night. That's rich.

&gt; If it were otherwise, he'd be arrested on a real charge.

For your information, possession of child pornography *is* a crime in the UK. You obviously didn't even bother to read the article.
&gt; A defender and excuser of consumers of child pornography questioning my right to sleep well at night. That's rich.

I'm defending free expression and arguing against the notion of thought crime.  Of course, such nuances are lost on people such as yourself.  "I may disagree with what you say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it" applies even more strongly to simply consuming information.

I know it's a crime, legally speaking.  It's a crime in the U.S., too.  My use of the word "actual" in "actual crime" was intended to indicate that in this case, the child porn is clearly being used as a way to get at Meehan because of his presumed association with Shannon's kidnapping, in the eyes of the public and the police.  There are probably many thousands of people (at least!) with similar porn on their hard disks throughout Britain, but they're OK for now because they haven't yet been unfortunate enough to have had the [eye of the mob](http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080403074933AAQ77vw) focused on them.

For all I know, Meehan may indeed have done bad things, other than download some questionable images from the Internet.  But we don't know that.  And if he hasn't, what exactly is happening right now?  He's being punished for his thoughts, in effect.  I'll say it a third time, although you haven't yet responded directly to it even once: the fact that mentally ill people act out their fantasies on children doesn't make such fantasies a sign of illness.  Go and find a reputable psychologist and ask them about it, if you don't believe me.  

All that you and the rest of the mob are doing right now are imposing your ignorance on a situation that you don't understand, and I find it quite ugly to watch.
He's not being punished for his thoughts, he's being punished for possession of prohibited pornographic material. There, I've answered your question (and it's the same answer I've given four or five times already on this page).

Now you can answer one of mine:
Just what on earth is a *father* doing with child pornography on his computer? Got an answer to that? How would you feel if you'd discovered child pornography in your dad's bedroom? How would you have felt about that?

&gt; the child porn is clearly being used as a way to get at Meehan because of his presumed association with Shannon's kidnapping

You know that to be a fact do you? No you don't. The police are doing their job. They've clearly been alerted by social services that the children in this family are  deemed to be at risk and the police are doing their job, and following up on the information. That's what social services do in this country, they attempt to aid and protect the vulnerable, among other duties. In this case it looks like their concern is well-founded.

Our courts won't prosecute Meehan for kidnap if he isn't involved, but they will for possession of child pornography. He's a father for christ's sake, responsible for children. What's he even doing with such material in the home?

After several high profile child pornography cases, there are very few people left in this country unaware of the law governing possession of such material. Even leaving aside the moral angle, he's a dumb-arse for accessing and keeping such material around.

All child abusers are not mentally ill! What a pathetic attempt to explain (justify) their actions. Why should child abuse, as opposed to any other form of moral failure be indicative of mental illness? Or do you just regard the phrase "mentally ill" as a synonym for "criminal"?

If all, or even most child abusers are judged to be "mentally ill", then it brings into disrepute the whole notion of mental illness as a meaningful category.
You talk about liberty, well there are few criminals who have gotten away with their crimes more frequently than child abusers in this country. 

Our social services have a notorious reputation for only tackling the most high profile and obvious cases (not surprisingly, because the state interfering in family life is a sensitive and fraught business at best) and it is widely acknowledged that because of the nature of child abuse, the large majority of abusers are never brought to justice. 

Your claim that concern with child abuse is a modern day inquisition couldn't be further from the truth. As a society, we haven't been concerned enough! Based on anecdotal evidence (from real victims, not your bogey-man "media"), it's clear that if we increased our efforts tenfold, we'd still only be dealing with a minority of abuse cases.

(I've little doubt that it's exactly the same in the US and elsewhere).

I should inform you that I used to work in an office adjacent to one my local authority child protection offices, and I had several pretty illuminating but depressing conversations with the woman who ran the place.

Correction: it was a actually a service for helping and guiding youths who had been convicted of criminal offences, but the stories about their backgrounds, including abuse, were moving nevertheless.
&gt; Just what on earth is a father doing with child pornography on his computer? Got an answer to that??

Yes, I do.  The range of normal human sexual fantasy is far broader than any untrained individual tends to imagine.  As I've alluded to, sexual fantasies involving children are often what psychologists call "within normal limits".  As long as the person isn't focused on that exclusively in an addictive and escalating pattern, and of course doesn't act on them, they can be completely harmless and be present in a perfectly healthy, normal person.  Just because you don't happen to have them doesn't mean anything.

Normal people have fantasies about all sorts of "bad" things.  For example, unless you're quite unusual, you've had revenge fantasies about harming someone else - maybe even me ;) - possibly in a way that would be illegal and could lead to imprisonment.  But you didn't act on those fantasies.  You probably also possess videos of such crimes being committed by other people - many movies include such scenes.  But you don't go around actually doing those things to people.

The same distinction that you make between fantasy and reality in the case of such violence is made by normal people who have experienced sexual fantasies involving children.

&gt; After several high profile child pornography cases, there are very few people left in this country unaware of the law governing possession of such material. 

I could say that after decades of research into psychology, there should be few people unaware of the distinction between fantasy and reality amongst normal humans.  Yet here I am conversing with someone apparently unaware of this.

&gt; Even leaving aside the moral angle, he's a dumb-arse for accessing and keeping such material around.

So the price of having fantasies unacceptable to one's neighbours is imprisonment.  Thought crime at its best.

Let me clarify something here: I'm not arguing that photographic child porn should be legal, because it obviously exploits children in reprehensible ways.  However, precisely because this area tends to inflame passions so much, and because the Internet makes such material easily available, we should be careful about how people who possess it are treated.  Many people aren't qualified to assess the implications of something like this.

&gt; All child abusers are not mentally ill!

Child abusers usually don't have normal results on a general psychological test such as MMPI.  So they're detectably not "normal", independent of their abusive actions.

&gt; What a pathetic attempt to explain (justify) their actions. 

I was not attempting to justify their actions.  Quite the opposite: I'm saying that the behavior of normal people should not be constrained in ways that are designed to avoid "tempting" the mentally ill (or abnormal, if you prefer).  You're the one who is effectively saying that we should all be treated as though we're just as abnormal as a child abuser.

&gt; Why should child abuse, as opposed to any other form of moral failure be indicative of mental illness? 

Covered above.

&gt; Or do you just regard the phrase "mentally ill" as a synonym for "criminal"?

Many criminals do indeed have detectable mental illnesses.  However, child abusers in particular are notably abnormal psychologically.

&gt; If they are judged to be "mentally ill", then it brings into disrepute the whole notion of mental illness as a meaningful category.

Why?  They're not judged to be mentally ill because they molested children, they're judged mentally ill because of their responses to tests designed to detect mental abnormalities.  So how does that bring anything into disrepute?  If anything, it should be comforting to you: it means that the average normal man isn't just an Internet search away from stumbling on some child porn which tempts him into molesting your daughter.
&gt; Child abusers usually don't have normal results on a general psychological test such as MMPI. So they're detectably not "normal", independent of their abusive actions.

You "brain determinists" are scary.

Predicting likely behaviour based upon electrical and/or chemical patterns detected in the brain has implications for liberty that knock everything you've been claiming to be concerned about here into a cocked hat! Blimey.

So what're the MMPI results for the following types of "abuse":

- trust
- privilege
- power
- physical
- verbal
- spousal
- child

All have a predictable and unique pattern and score? 

Clearly, all the police need to do is check Meehan using this metric. If he passes, you can invite him around to look after your children.

I agree with you that there is a clear difference between fantasy and action (of course, or most of us would be criminals on a regular basis). But downloading and viewing pornographic images is an *action*, not a fantasy.

When you do that, you've moved from fantasy to actual behaviour (downloading is a behaviour, possession is a material state). In this country we've decided to prohibit *behaviours* that are extensions of child sexual fantasies. Where one thinks the line should be drawn (how many "behavioural steps" should be permitted, if any) is a moral and public question, not one for psychologists.

It's not exactly too much to expect those in charge of children to just say no to child pornography. It's not particularly onerous. You can think of it as being a basic "test" that carers and parents need to pass to be deemed as fit. 

&gt; Many criminals do indeed have detectable mental illnesses

And so do many non-criminals! Why should rule breaking be an *illness*? It might be undesireable, it might be perverse, it might be a moral failing, but an illness? This is a distortion of the normal use of the word illness. Rule breaking is genreally indicative of nothing more than either a failure or refusal to acknowledge the duty to obey rules. You can decide to describe that state as "illness" but it adds nothing to our understanding of the "condition". 

Some people break the rules (cheat) when they play board games. Are they mentally ill too?
How many "behavioural steps" would you have allowed these men before deciding that their fantasies weren't merely the run of the mill things that people have from time to time (for it's clear that many young Muslim men in the UK have harboured such fantasies)?

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7328892.stm

What's the MMPI pattern for exploding aeroplanes? Is it different when you do it for religious reasons as opposed to secular political reasons? Or does all aeroplane exploding have the same pattern?
&gt; You "brain determinists" are scary.

I'm not a "brain determinist". You conclusion-jumpers are scary.

&gt; Predicting likely behaviour based upon...

I didn't say anything about that.

&gt; All have a predictable and unique pattern and score?

I didn't say that either.

&gt; Clearly, all the police need to do is check Meehan using this metric.

No such predictive test exists, currently.  If it did, and was reliable, I would have expected you to be the first to jump on it as a way to "protect the children".  After all, you're already happily imposing such a test using a known-unreliable indicator, possession of child porn.

But the reality is that no such test is likely.  All that tests like this can do is show up abnormalities, which in an ideal world would lead to counseling.  They don't say "this person is a child abuser", they point out issues the person might have with forming relationships, etc.  Often, people with such disturbances are actually grateful to receive helpful assistance with their issues - your approach, of demonization and ostracization, simply makes the problem worse all around, and you are diminished by it.

What I pointed out is a demonstrable, factual correlation.  The only thing I'm concluding from it is that child abusers tend to be detectably mentally abnormal. The implications of this for our discussion are simply that it's one indication, of many, that normal, healthy people don't become child abusers because of exposure to the wrong material, and that sexual fantasies involving children are not automatically indicative of a child abuser.

&gt; If he passes, you can invite him around to look after your children.

Once again, you blur the line between who you'd like to hang out with socially, and who you'd like to lock up.  We're not discussing whether or not we like or trust suspected child abusers; we're discussing whether people should be subject to criminal prosecution and consequences if they have never performed any action involving child abuse, simply because they indulge certain fantasies without involving actual children.

&gt; I agree with you that there is a clear difference between fantasy and action (of course, or most of us would be criminals on a regular basis).

Precisely.  But you're comfortable making criminals of people who've experienced certain fantasies, apparently, as long as they're not fantasies you personally experience.  (Or you do experience them and are terribly uncomfortable about it, like the people who rail publicly against the very thing they do in private.)

&gt; But downloading and viewing pornographic images is an action, not a fantasy.

Downloading and viewing images of violent crime is an action, not a fantasy, too.

&gt; When you do that, you've moved from fantasy to actual behaviour (downloading is a behaviour, possession is a material state). In this country we've decided to prohibit behaviours that are extensions of child sexual fantasies.

Why not do the same for images of violent crime?  What purpose is served in the one case that wouldn't be served in the other?  There is one purpose that's served, which is the exploitation of real children, and I don't have a problem with banning the production and sale of such material.  But that doesn't cover drawings, or stories, and it doesn't automatically resolve what to do with people who have encountered such material relatively innocently, e.g. by surfing porn sites which happened to include them, as opposed to paying specifically to receive them.  Attitudes like yours tend to result in extreme overreactions in the more "innocent" cases.

&gt; Where one thinks the line should be drawn (how many "behavioural steps" should be permitted, if any) is a moral and public question, not one for psychologists.

Psychologists come into it because they help to make informed decisions.

&gt; It's not exactly too much to expect those in charge of children to just say no to child pornography. It's not particularly onerous. You can think of it as being a basic "test" that carers and parents need to pass to be deemed as fit.

And you're basing this on your extensive knowledge of... what, exactly?  Your gut feel as a member of the lynch mob?  If you really believe that, then are you also in favor of having carers and parents undergo regular random searches for contraband?  Why only use these laws against people who you've decided that you want to "get" for other reasons?

&gt; &gt; Many criminals do indeed have detectable mental illnesses

&gt; This is just tautology. Why should rule breaking be an illness? 

I've already addressed that.  I'm saying that many criminals, when subject to psychological testing, are found to have detectable mental abnormalities and/or illness that can be diagnosed without having knowledge of their crimes.

&gt; This is a distortion of the normal use of the word illness. 

No, I'm using illness in the normal sense.  You're just jumping to a lot of wrong conclusions.

&gt; Rule breaking is genreally indicative of nothing more than either a failure or refusal to acknowledge the duty to obey rules.

Once again, I'm astonished by your willingness to speculate about psychological issues you clearly know almost nothing about.

&gt; Some people break the rules (cheat) when they play board games. Are they mentally ill too?

Most people who cheat when they play board games don't show abnormalities on psychological tests.
[deleted]
&gt;That's not the same as using physical force to control their thoughts, which is what you're suggesting. 

Where have I suggested that physical force be used to control thoughts?

&gt;People viewing the media have a choice.

People viewing media, passively have *no choice*.  They can change the channel, or turn off the TV.  But beyond that, they are sitting, and having their thoughts controlled, without any choice whatsoever.
&gt;Where have I suggested that physical force be used to control thoughts?

Well, you stealth edited your post, which is lame, but I quoted in your original post:

&gt;if you let someone fantasize about something

You're in a conversation about whether something should be made illegal.  Saying there's a choice about whether to 'let' someone think something, is saying you think physical force, government, can control their thoughts.

&gt;People viewing media, passively

They've chosen to view it passively, in that example.  That was their choice.
&gt;Well, you stealth edited your post, which is lame, but I quoted in your original post:

No I didn't.

&gt;They've chosen to view it passively, in that example. That was their choice.

People can choose to die, too.  Do you think they're in control when they're dead?
Dying isn't analogous to viewing media.  Even if it were, if they choose to die, that is their choice.  If someone jumps off a cliff, they no longer have a choice, but they did.

&gt;No I didn't.

Its content is not the same as it was when I quoted you.  I'm done talking to you.

Summary:
But we don't know that.
That would be a crime.
I don't understand the reasoning.
&gt; I agree, drawings are different from actually exploiting children.
I just question what we should do when someone is found to look at child porn.
I agree, drawings are different from actually exploiting children.
&gt; All child abusers are not mentally ill!
But you don't go around actually doing those things to people.
All child abusers are not mentally ill!
I didn't say anything about that.
I don't think it should necessarily be _legal_ to watch child porn.
That's why you should only leave your kids with people you know.
It's a crime in the U.S., too.
The real test is this.
If that were the case, why do people still make regular porn?
It shows what people *really* feel about the pornography you're saying should be permitted.
It shows what people really feel about the pornography you're saying should be permitted.
Why would you want to protect "people who don't obey laws"?
Take the test my friend, take the test.
But in Japan, who can even tell the difference?
Or, how about this, when someone rapes a child, use the other law, the one where it says you can't have sex with a minor.
Yes, I would outlaw adults drawing pictures of children having sex.
I didn't say that either.
The production of _actual child porn_ is another matter.
&gt; It's not exactly too much to expect those in charge of children to just say no to child pornography.
People who enjoy depiction of child sex makes bad babysitter.
&gt; I agree with you that there is a clear difference between fantasy and action (of course, or most of us would be criminals on a regular basis).
In this case, I don't even know if that's accurate.
There is almost no other form of sexual expression that I don't believe should be protected.
Normal people have fantasies about all sorts of "bad" things.
Why only use these laws against people who you've decided that you want to "get" for other reasons?
Child porn, especially sexual cartoons, is often used to entice children to have sex.
People viewing the media have a choice.
We are talking about child rape."
Of COURSE a libertarian would allow people to draw anything they want!
No one's talking about criminalizing thought here.
What else is there to say?
It's the production and consumption of child pornography we're discussing.
I don't know where to begin.
I know it's a crime, legally speaking.
If the pornography is drawings, and not photographs of real children, then you're effectively criminalizing thought, art, and expression.
But you didn't act on those fantasies.
I agree with you that there is a clear difference between fantasy and action (of course, or most of us would be criminals on a regular basis).
(Oh, and where is all the news about people getting busted for _making_ child porn or for _actually sexually abusing_ some kids?)
Or is it that I can have one and just not carry it around (different story there).
For your information, possession of child pornography *is* a crime in the UK.
It's not exactly too much to expect those in charge of children to just say no to child pornography.
Child pornography requires the exploitation of actual children; cartoon drawings do not.
I think it would be better to state that photographic or video recordings of such acts should not involve any actual depictions of real children.
30 points for "I don't see the harm of cartoons of children getting raped"!!!??
What was Meehan's involvement in any actual crime?
Or would you also outlaw drawing?
There is one purpose that's served, which is the exploitation of real children, and I don't have a problem with banning the production and sale of such material.
EDIT:
Changed

"....a society that prohibited no vices would wither and die"

to 

"....a society that prohibited *all* vices would wither and die"

Doh!
&gt; But downloading and viewing pornographic images is an action, not a fantasy.
You want to curtail expression for an entire society because a few people are ill.
There's already a law for rape.
&gt; If he passes, you can invite him around to look after your children.
But the reality is that no such test is likely.
&gt; Why should child abuse, as opposed to any other form of moral failure be indicative of mental illness?
The question is not even related.
You may like to think that you are, but you aren't.
I agree with the ban on child porn photographs and videos because they depict real children being taken advantage of.
A video like I described would be illegal in Japan.
And this is where the rise in child pornography cases is from.
&gt; Child abusers usually don't have normal results on a general psychological test such as MMPI.
Of course I have, but only with consenting adults.
But the end result is someone getting off on depictions of sex or else the sexualization of vulnerable people.
That's not the same as using physical force to control their thoughts, which is what you're suggesting.
But sexuality here is very different from Western understanding.
Many criminals do indeed have detectable mental illnesses.
You haven't answered the question about Meehan's involvement in any actual crime.
You're the one who is effectively saying that we should all be treated as though we're just as abnormal as a child abuser.
But I don't understand the purpose of the rest of your post.
Why should child abuse, as opposed to any other form of moral failure be indicative of mental illness?
But downloading and viewing pornographic images is an *action*, not a fantasy.
I was not attempting to justify their actions.
&gt; I'd rather see people getting prosecuted for distribution and / or the production of child pornography than watching it 

Isn't that where this discussion started?
I'm not okay with child pornography, but it _does_ exist.
Let me know if you have something intelligent to say.
Where have I suggested that physical force be used to control thoughts?
I have a question or two: do you know what "recalcitrant" means?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.04
