Original Response:
but their food is 5 times tastier!
All the spices in the world can't make up for the fact that they cook their food until there is absolutely no nutritional value left.

I friend of mine from western China was absolutely disgusted that, while he was always taught to keep food as fresh as possible, Indians would just throw everything in a pot and let it simmer for hours.

But, then again, he had an odd upbringing which included training him how to eat leaves off trees in the event of a famine.
That maybe true..   I've not eat indian food in india..(but I have had chinese in china)..  And the Indian I've cooked has been pretty good....
Oh, it's delicious!  I love mater paneer.  GOD is that stuff good!  But it's good like a corn dog . . . you know you're not getting a lot of nutrients from that dish.
&gt;In per capita terms, US grain consumption is twice that of the European Union and thrice that of China.
Some people might be like that. But mostly Indian food preserve the natural taste of ingredients. May be you need to be in habit of eating Indian food to really savor it...
my forte is a tikka masala with shrimp or chicken..  same with a vindaloo..  good stuff!
Yes, the natural flavor of the spices, but not anything else.

Don't get me wrong, I love the taste of Indian food, but all those spices are not designed to maintain the natural flavor of the bulk of the dish.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;All the spices in the world can't make up for the fact that they cook their food until there is absolutely no nutritional value left.

Says the American ;)

From article:

&gt; Each Indian gets to eat about 178 kg of grain in a year, while a US citizen consumes 1,046 kg. 


I don't know/care how much nutritional value your food has, wasn't it a stereotype that Americans are fat and eat junk food a lot? Stereotypes don't just pop out you know. Most of Indian food is very healthy and delicious, even street food or fastfood. I live in Europe now and often I am amused that my desi friends usually take the served "dinner" as raw material and cook it 'properly' before it's edible.
&gt;Indians would just throw everything in a pot and let it simmer for hours

I think the British/Irish traditional foods win in that contest, though.
As much as I dislike Secretary Rice, I feel her words are being blown out of proportion. She said it was a good thing that India and China are consuming more than they have been because it reflected well on the economy. She did not imply that they are causing the global food crisis. She was simply saying that when we look for solutions to the crisis we have to take into account the increasing intake of advancing nations, as well as what we are already taking in.
[deleted]
Christ, I don't even have any chicken in the house, now i'm dreaming of this.

Vindaloo, drool.

Asshole...
Ah, a sane response which deflates MSM hyperventilation. You must be new here.
but US food is only 20% food
There's no way someone is eating 2300 pounds of grain per year. That's 6.3 pounds per day. It's not possible. I am SURE what the article is referring to would be all the food that goes into our food. We eat an inordinate amount of beef here, and cows eat a lot of grain. We're not eating MORE (well, we're eating more but not 6 times more), rather we're eating higher on the food chain.
&gt; Each Indian gets to eat about 178 kg of grain in a year, while a US citizen consumes 1,046 kg.

US Citizens don't eat 6 pounds of grain a day.

I assume this is an indirect figure, including grain fed to livestock.
I'd imagine that this is because there are a LOT more Indians that can't afford much in the way of food.

If the average quality of life for a person in India was the same as the U.S., I imagine the food figures would rise dramatically.

Put it this way, I had an Indian roommate who was amazed at outdoor vending machines here, saying that where he was from, people that lived on the street would tear them apart to get the food inside.
Downmodded for misleading headline. Americans don't eat 6.3 pounds of grain per day; just because Americans consume 5 times as much doesn't mean they eat 5 times as much.

&gt; But the story would not be complete without mentioning the plight of Africa, where foodgrain consumption in 2007 was a mere 162 kg per year for each person, or about 445 grams per day. Don’t forget they are not getting any meat or milk products out there.

What, absolutely no Africans eat any meat or dairy? 

Why do people submit articles like this? Who do you think you're fooling?
To be honest I don't believe the claim that the US consumes 5 times more food per capita - but I included it anyway as a preface, for dramatic and comedic purposes.
And it shows. Just cruise on down to the mall an look at all the fatties.
Its really nice to be at the very top of the food chain.
Good observation. Most Indians are vegetarian, aren't they? They will most certainly have less livestock to feed as well.
Cooking food for a long time does not, in fact, eliminate most of the nutritional value.
It's doesn't eliminate calories, but it does breakdown vitamins and proteins.
OM vs OM NOM NOM NOM NOM
...and it shows!
Irrelevant headline. 
A lot of people in India live on the streets.
[deleted]
The conversion generally used is that it takes 15 pounds of grain to make every pound of beef consumed.  So since we can afford a larger per capita meat intake the grain number looks large.  I like how they make it sound like we are eating all that grain and meat at the same time and don't mention that the grain is used to produce the meat.
Hey Cows and Pigs, there are hungry people in India who don't get to eat much. You better not waste your food, biatch!
It is easy to point at the fatties in the US and say "there it is!", but in truth, most food in the US is derived from corn. We eat more and use more than any other country in the world.

High fructose corn syrup is 25-30% of the American diet with no vitamins and no other food benefit except it is sweet. yet, we pay farmers $28 per acre to grow a food(corn-look up yellow dent corn) that isn't even edible without extreme processing into sugar.

Even if you are thin, you may still be a "consumer" if you eat junk food or meat.

By the way....thin folks regularly tout the importance of exercise....in the world economy this is like buying 5 extra gallons of gas and then driving around the block to burn it.

Do you think anyone in India jogs?   or does aerobics?  They don't because they eat so much less than we do that exercising to get rid of "Excess calories" hasn't even entered their thought process.

We all buy consumer goods but we do not think about the HUMANS that produce those goods...you think the person that built your DVD player lives in a nice house with good schools for their kids??????

*shutting up now* let the down modes come now....my last post got -20....so come on SHEEP....down mode some more!
Yes, FTA...

"Grain consumption includes flour and by conversion to alcohol."
Microbes are at the top of the chain....we are just 2nd best....
Hmm, this story has made me hungry for five curries.
So don't blame them for causing the food shortages. lolol jk
I challenge you to go on a diet and lose 50 pounds....then you might understand how hard it really is. 

Your body doesn't need or want to lose 50 pounds...I see that....but my body doesn't want to lose 50 pounds either....I feel the deprivation...the hunger...the need, that my body sends to me.

All you folks that claim to be "normal weight" are actually under-weight....only 20% of you are at that idea low weight....how do we know that is the weight that is ideal?

Low weight people get sick and when they do they die at a greater rate than heavy people....how do we know if this is a good thing or bad thing?

How long are we supposed to live? Why is 78 years the ideal if we know that people who live longer also cost more to keep alive?  And, would anyone want to live longer if they knew their mind was gone and their families had to pay the expense of keeping them alive?

It is very easy to be young and say fatties are the prob....but you will age and you will probably get fat. But after that, will you be able to make your own decisions? Or even find the bathroom when you need it?
Please look at other news sources besides reddit....eat mud for a week and then come back and tell us all that Americans don't eat that much.
How about some US grain production #'s vs India.  Not to mention we don't spend our lives breeding.  If people in India are starving, here's a hint. STOP FUCKING
Fat
Sugar
Salt
MSG

What happened to vitamins and minerals?

They where all left behind in the frenzy to be the best junk food...McDondalds wins....the most calories with the fewest vitamins!

Do you even know what real food tastes like?
So(sadly) true.

No one remembers real food anymore.
"Do you even know what real food tastes like?" 

Rich people do.
[Produce Production by country.](http://nue.okstate.edu/Crop_Information/World_Wheat_Production.htm)

300million*5 = 1.5billion Indians worth of rice.

India makes 132,013,000 metric tonnes of Rice while the US makes 9,033,610 metric tonnes. With 2/3 the rice consumption and 14x the Rice production...

And, we make almost the exact same amount of wheat and even though the US makes much more corn, most of it is turned into inefficient feed for livestock or into ethanol.
&gt; Most Indians are vegetarian, aren't they?

Not really.
[deleted]
You know what else breaks down proteins (into amino acids)? Your digestive system. Also, I'm no chemist, but from browsing [these pages](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vitamin#In_humans) I see relatively simple chemical structures with few hydrogen bonds. (Except for B12 maybe.) Care to explain how cooking food long and hot enough to kill bacteria can leave these compounds intact, but a slow, long simmer breaks them down?
they weigh 5 times an Indian on average as well.
So where does that put Australians with their vegemite?
Most of the B vitamins breakdown at high temperatures.  Indian food is not very meat-centric (many Indians are vegetarian . . . something about not eating reincarnated relatives) so most of the food doesn't *need* to be heated to kill bacteria.  You can eat peas fresh or you can throw them in a pot and stew them.

Time is a critical factor in almost any chemical process, not simply temperature.  When you cook any food in a simmering liquid, the temperature will pretty much stay around 100C.  If you steam broccoli for 5-10 minutes, you leave far more vitamins intact than if you stick it in a pot at 100C for 4 hours.

I mean, I'm not a food snob. I eat all kinds of unhealthy crap, but you should be aware that Indian cooking is not the best style for nutrition.
Fucking brain!  

Makes me eat.  Sends those electrical signals.

It's all in the brain.
I can't read the comment through all the fat.
Bush has the nerve to say world food prob are caused by india
Did you even read my comment? I'm not saying that Americans don't eat too much.
Simmering isn't quite boiling though.
But it's pretty much the same temperature.  Boiling (with water) is pegged at 100 C.  Simmering just reduces the energy going into the food to minimize the loss of water, but keeps the temperature at the threshold of boiling (about 100 C).
[deleted]
&gt;Don't get me wrong

No, I am not and I completely understand that your perception must be from the type of food you have eaten and the place you have eaten. My perception is from the food I eat at my home mostly :).
They are too busy fucking to eat. That's why there is so many of them.
Yes, they are! I lived in India 24 years of my initial life.  Even the non-vegetarian Indians eat meat lot less frequently than anybody in US or Europe.
we're fat pigs!!!
&gt;Bush has the nerve to say world food prob are caused by india

He had a nerve to say lot of things. Does all that make sense?
they also love taco bell
That's what I was thinking. Why are you being downmodded?
The article says "consume", which is far different that *owen007*'s "eat".
Most of the world eats meat less than the US or Europe I would guess. Meat is expensive.
I could lose fifty pounds, but I won't.

See, I'm already fairly thin, so If I lost fifty pounds I'd be a frail fucking waif clinging to life. I'd be at serious risk of dropping into a coma and dying.

If you're not fairly thin, I'm sure losing that much weight sucks, but it's not fucking comparable. You won't be at risk of DYING if you lose weight. You're more than five or ten pounds away from burning muscle mass for energy.

I've got a sick fat-destroying metabolism, so I shouldn't really be picking on anyone who doesn't, but come on.
My neighbors are Punjabi.  I helped them get a Green Card and they've made me dinner about once a week ever since.

I love the food, but it always leaves me craving something fresh afterwards.  Maybe it's just because they tend to include pickled fruit as desert.  Who pickles a lemon?!
Yes. People that live on the streets don't count.
Stop fucking, you say that like its something simple. Its not like people have a strong biological urge to reproduce. Its not like not reproducing would completely screw over the people not reproducing (more kids=more people to work + more chance of some surviving to take care of you when your old). Its not like they live in a culture that encourages reproduction, a culture when men feel vasectomies will emasculate them and cause impotence, when women feel ashamed for not having children. Its not like they don't know that having fewer children will help the country in the long run. Its not like they can't just walk down the street and grab a weeks supply of the pill with pocket change. Its not like they aren't educated enough to know they should change. Stop fucking, indeed an excellent idea. You first.
agreed. the Indians i cook also tend to be delicious and moist.
Brawndo! The thirst mutilator..... has minerals and vitamins
haha, I was in India, and nothing of the sort happened. They have vending machines over there too.. likely your friend was expressing his desire to rip into.
More like stop sitting around on your arse and stop eating so bloody much. Also try walking a bit more rather than driving. If I am right, motor fuel today has a 3% ethanol mix? So stop cruising around. Take a walk, exhale and let go your frustrations about India having more sex.
yeah man, I was driving to work yesterday and then I was like HOLY SHIT a microbe just tried to eat me! I had to explain to my boss why I was late and I was like, "Sorry, I had to avoid getting eaten, it's not like humans are at the top of the food chain, you know!"
I wasn't thinking of downmodding you until I got to the end of your comment, when you started acting like an insufferable tool.
Most Indians are not vegetarians but as you say they tend to eat lot less meat. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vegetarianism_in_specific_countries
&gt; According to the 2006 Hindu-CNN-IBN State of the Nation Survey, 31% of Indians are vegetarians.
&gt; Other surveys cited by FAO [2], and USDA [3][4] estimate 20%-42% of the Indian population
[Some do](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsfVw9xxoNY)

(Not a rick roll, but _strange_)
Yes I do - my grandparents grow their own potatoes, pies, cucumbers and tomatoes and make their food somewhat from scratch (ie. they buy most of the ingredients but they cook it them self). It does taste really great, but not great enough that I would spend all the time they do on it.
Even if they aren't, Hindus don't eat beef.
Please send me a copy of the seed catalog that has pies in it.  Gardening this year?  Hell yes!
Sore one for dyslexia.
First of all, we CONSUME 5 times more than India... not EAT... BIG DIFFERENCE.

Also, it's not "total food" but just GRAIN.

Hmm... most misleading title of all time?
Yeah, well what would you eat if your per capita income was only $800?
  Oh, I get it, that's America's fault, too, isn't it?
  Well, let's pay Americans a lot less.  Let's pay them $800 a yea... No, wait, let's pay them only $100 a year.  Yeah, that's the ticket!  A hundred dollars a year.  See how much they eat then.  Greedy bastards.
I'll eat less when they stop fucking.  Your right, it isn't simple.  If you want to blame obsesity in America on overeating that's fair, but to blame America for food shortages in countries with horrible population control is stupid.
I though Consume = Eat
[Guess how many Indians this guy equals](http://reddit.com/info/6i31m/comments/)
[deleted]
[deleted]
Consume = "making into ethanol for fuel" + eat
[deleted]
This issue is a little more complicated than just short term demand, supply gap.

US &amp; Europe have for a few years now subsidized their farmers and exported their produce at discount rates to third world countries. This has made agriculture nonviable or less commercially attractive in labor intensive places, specially Africa, turning them into import dependent nations.

There is a different set of problems for agriculture in India. A typical farmer has very small land to work on, and is dependent on its little produce to sustain his family and only manages to make a hand to mouth existence. Politicians cash in on their plight for more votes by handing out low interest loans that are later written off, tax exemptions, free electricity etc. A lot of tax payer money is spent on these sugary goodies instead of funding stuff that can really make a difference like better irrigation, good transport infrastructure, data collection and research for better practices etc. Unregulated buyers market full of loopholes in law let brokers dominate the system and the farmer with little resources is unable to scout for favorable deals and ends up selling cheap, from where his produce changes hands thru more brokers who only add their profits but no value to the system before selling it to the consumer who pays many times over the price the producer got. 

The cartel of brokers and politicians have worked to keep farmers poor for their own purposes, and the farmers by themselves have done little to improve their plight. Process streamline, better organization,  technological improvement are words alien to the Indian agriculture landscape, and i'm sure is true for many other countries.

Its makes more sense for governments to help agriculture industry be more productive than blame consumers and global markets for food supply gap. Produce harvested per acre in France is double that of India, and that alone should give a fair idea of the potential returns of funding better agriculture practices.
&gt;Consume = "making into ethanol for fuel" + eat

Consume = "making into ethanol for fuel" + "eat" + "feeding livestock" + "making into alcohol for drinks and antifreeze"
I like how they don't mention that livestock are given a diet of grain that would be the envy of the average Indian instead of letting the livestock eat grass.
Note: There is a difference between "consuming" and "eating".
You could start a federally-funded NGO under the bush administration and get big bicks for spouting out your simple solutions to big problems.
Too Bad you are wrong as the definition of consume means eat quickly.
Maybe in your child-dictionary with one definition of each word. If you pick up a grownup-dictionary, you will find [several other definitions](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/consume)

 1.     to destroy or expend by use; use up.
 2.	to eat or drink up; devour.
 3.	to destroy, as by decomposition or burning: Fire consumed the forest.
 4.	to spend (money, time, etc.) wastefully.
 5.	to absorb; engross: consumed with curiosity.
 6.	to undergo destruction; waste away.
 7.	to use or use up consumer goods.
Again, depends on the part of the country. Quite a few do.
ouch
let them eat rice
the average american is 5 times more productive than the average indian. so the average american should deserve 5 times more food.
Depends where you go. Where my friend lived, there were nice houses on one side of the street and shantytowns on the other. There were several decapitated men lying in the road as well.

India, like China, can get a lot worse than where the rich folks live.
The difference is that most 400 pound americans probably know they should be eating less, while most indians with 12 kids consider it perfectly normal.
No.
And India eats 5 times more than Ethiopia per capita. Whats your point?

/guessing of course
You were not born 50lbs overweight, take some responsibility.

PS the mall fatties are kids, young moms, people barely middle-aged, etc.

Summary:
I'm not saying that Americans don't eat too much.
See how much they eat then.
That's what I was thinking.
Consume = "making into ethanol for fuel" + eat.
Americans don't eat 6.3 pounds of grain per day; just because Americans consume 5 times as much doesn't mean they eat 5 times as much.
but US food is only 20% food.
Most of the world eats meat less than the US or Europe I would guess.
Most Indians are not vegetarians but as you say they tend to eat lot less meat.
A lot of people in India live on the streets.
US Citizens don't eat 6 pounds of grain a day.
Do you even know what real food tastes like?
"Do you even know what real food tastes like?"
First of all, we CONSUME 5 times more than India... not EAT... BIG DIFFERENCE.
Well, let's pay Americans a lot less.
but their food is 5 times tastier!
And India eats 5 times more than Ethiopia per capita.
so the average american should deserve 5 times more food.
We eat more and use more than any other country in the world.
the average american is 5 times more productive than the average indian.
I mean, I'm not a food snob.
Most Indians are vegetarian, aren't they?
Also, it's not "total food" but just GRAIN.
Stop fucking, you say that like its something simple.
they weigh 5 times an Indian on average as well.
&gt; Most Indians are vegetarian, aren't they?
Even if you are thin, you may still be a "consumer" if you eat junk food or meat.
People that live on the streets don't count.
Note: There is a difference between "consuming" and "eating".

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.19
