Original Response:
Interesting that the Economist, which usually adheres to excellent standards in data graphics, has put different scales on side-by-side graphs that display the same variable on the vertical axis (i.e., bars in the left and right charts that show equal numbers will not have equal heights: for example, the bar showing 200 Israelis killed in 2001 is taller than the bar showing 200 Palestinians killed in 2005).  The result is a slight visual "inflation" of the Israeli deaths.  I doubt this is an intentional tweak... but worth noting.
Clearly the Israeli's are more efficient at killing.
looks like a mistake - caused by the multiple options in the first graph wraping to the second line. The scales favor the israeli side after all.
The rest of the Economist article from which this chart was excerpted is here:

http://www.economist.com/opinion/displaystory.cfm?story_id=10909883
Yes, this shows the ingenuity behind the superior Ashkenazi genetics, and is another argument for racial purification and mass extermination of the inferior Arabs.
www.ifamericansknew.org

This is the best site for unbiased statistics on the web regarding the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
Alison Weir, the women behind [If Americans Knew](http://www.ifamericansknew.org) is a courageous individual.
Why does internal fighting fall under palestinians killed by Israel? 
It should fall under Palestinians killed by Palestinians
Agreed.  That and how she shares her name with Dr. Weir from Stargate makes her even cooler.
It doesn't.  Under the heading "Palestinians" there are two subheadings: "Killed by Israelis:" which has three subentries (military, civilians, unknown) and then "Killed by:" which has one subentry (internal fighting.)
Yea, and Fox News is completely reliable. 

Edit: [Sample Criticisms](http://www.themiddleeastnow.com/criticism1)
[deleted]
A lot of pure hate isn't the answer for anybody.  You have to take a more productive approach.
some people are humanitarians, and they uncover statistics that are alarming by their very existence.

She is one of those.  She has no agenda other than pro-peace pro-humanitarianism.

Putting her in the same category as FOX News is so laughable it just makes you look either stupid or intentionally deceitful.
At the same time... including the palestinian in-fighting deaths on the left is highly unethical as well, because the implication is that on the left, you see palestinians killed by israelis, since on the right you see israelis kidded by palestinians.

More than half of Palestinian deaths in 2007 were from Palestinian in-fighting...
Don't worry about replying to my criticisms. They are obviously untrue of this goddess.
It makes that clear if you read the chart properly.  The problem is you are making assumptions before reading the chart -- that all Palestinians are killed by Israelis, but that isn't the case.

If you read the chart legend, under the heading "Palestinians" there are two subheadings: "Killed by Israelis:" which has three subentries (military, civilians, unknown) and then "Killed by:" which has one subentry (internal fighting.)
Here's a site that provides background information for each death, Israeli and Palestinian. I've linked to the statistics for Mar 1-15 of this year:

http://www.mepc.org/resources_counts/08_03_1.asp

This site also provides exceptional educational links here:

http://www.mepc.org/resources/educational.asp
Nice bit of antisemitism on the part of the economist. I would have expected more from a usually great reader. 

The skewed numbers are simply because the Palestinian use illegal Iranian arms and missiles, while the Israelis use superior US arms. Obviously when your tools are better, your going to get more work done.
The poor scaling may not be a 'simple mistake'. The Palestinian image must be stretched vertically by 120% to get a true comparison. The obscenely horrific imbalance is then evident.  Try a simple test with Windows Paint, for example.
what are your criticisms?  All you have so far is one completely invalid dysphemism.

Ah, you edited your post when you saw you looked like a buffoon.

I looked through those criticisms, and they are all extremely minor or invalid in my eyes, and so your evidence is impugned and worthless.  

You're welcome to actually argue something in there if you are able, if you want to move past *prima facie* cop-outs that deceivers and idiots use.
And designer of the Event Horizon.
Yeah the 1000 mark on one chart is level with the 1200 on the other chart. Tsk Tsk.
www.boobiebattle.com

This site is great for unbiased statistics regarding the average breast size of women.
I realize you're being sarcastic, but Israeli Jews aren't statistically prone to higher IQs the way some tribes of European and North American Jews are. Israeli Jews are on par with the Arabs.
Fuck it, kill 'em all.  

A filthy Semite is a filthy Semite.
palestianians are semites, dumbass
She's a forward looking visionary, and he doesn't need eyes where he's going.
I vote intentionally deceitful.
Yeah, I was being sarcastic, but aren't Israeli Jews mostly all European Jews prior to a few decades ago?  How could the statistical cross-section be different?
In your opinion who was more efficient Israelis or the German Nazis?
i guess the "typical reddit user" is a raving moron.
Change your username it's an insult to us. We're not morons like you.
[deleted]
Yah, but he's right.
i can vouch for myself! i often rave like a moron.
Not a problem, I'll take out some choice ones for you:

The writer refutes my observation that Alison doesn't mention the Arab world's role in allowing and in some cases facilitating Palestinian suffering. The writer inccrrectly states that the mainstream media already does this. (Saying its ok to be one sided because someone else covers up the other side, and the media doesn't even cover the other side).

Notice how the writer doesn't deny that the PA doesn't try to protect its citizens. His only repsonse to my statement was "If the Israeli army didn't attack and kill the civilians, this wouldn't be an issue". This gives me the impression that "Clark" is a little naive. Only the very malicious of the malicious actually claim that Israel intentionally attacks and kills civilians just for the hell of it. The civilians are killed in the crossfires of the battles between Palestinian militants and the Israeli army. The Palestinians know that Israel will respond harshly to an attack on their civilians. So Hamas and the Palestinian government intentionally position their weapons factories, militants, and bombs in civilian areas, and PURPOSELY launch attacks against Israel from Palestinian civilian areas so that when Israel comes chasing after the militants they would inevitably end up killing their civilians. Once the civilians are killed Hamas and the PA go to the rest of the world and use these deaths as propoganda. Many Palestinian civilians themselves have acknowledged and complained to the PA about this sickening behavior. If Israel doesn't respond to these seemingly minor attacks against its people, Hamas and other militants will continue, and then step up attacks against Israelis. So the Israeli army has no choice but to go into the territories to hunt down the militants. This doesn't mean that Israeli soldiers never deliberately kill Palestinian civilians. There have been numerous documented cases of Israeli abuses, including this one. 

Nothing written here successfully refutes my statement that if the Palestinians had the means to bulldoze all of Israel, they would have no hesitation doing so. Israel has the ability to kill every last Palestinian, but they wont ever do that. The same cannot be said of the Palestinians if they had similar capabilities.

Lets start with those.
120%?

You need to shrink the Palestinian graph or enlarge the Israeli graph.

Bullshit more pls?

How is this idiot +5?
Israelis tend to be around average but that is grouping together Arab Israelis, Sephardi, Mizrahi and Ashkenazi Jews.  From what I know there isn't conclusive studies done on Jewish Israelis are a whole, but Ashkenazis in Israel tend to be very prominent in academia and government, while Sephardi and Mizrahi (not to mention Arab Israelis) feel discriminated against.

More here on the general topic:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashkenazi_intelligence
I dunno.  I disagree.  The scaling on the Israeli graph makes it almost impossible to tell how many Israelis have died in recent years.

It's important to use the same scaling wherever possible, but not when it makes the data unreadable.
Looking at this I can't help but think how the number of deaths on either side of this conflict is tiny compared to the fatalities in Iraq and Afghanistan from US forces...
&gt;Israel has the ability to kill every last Palestinian, but they wont ever do that.

Some examples of that Israeli restraint would be very good to see.
the saying was:
If the Palestinians gave up their weapons, there would be no war.  If the Israelis gave up their weapons, there would be no Israel. 

Probably some would dispute this, but I find it believable given the restraint generally shown by the Israelis (e.g., not just flattening the Gaza strip, at least trying to avoid civilian casualties) versus the explicit lack of restraint by Hamas and the Palestinians (e.g., "we will not stop until every last Jew is gone from the Holy Land")
&gt; If the Palestinians gave up their weapons, there would be no war. If the Israelis gave up their weapons, there would be no Israel.

Funny.  Don't worry, there is no Palestine, just some territory filled with citizenshipless non-Jews and a bunch of Jewish settlers protected by the Israeli Defense Forces (thus is that territory considered Israel?)
almost all the jews from iraq, yemen, egypt, etc. were kicked out of those countries in 1948.  

You might ask, where are the refugee camps?  that answer: almost every jew in Israel was a refugee at one point.  they just got on with their lives.
The problem is that people make assumptions before reading charts...this kind of distortion can be easily mis-read by someone just browsing over this type of data
Nazis.  The Israelis could have wiped out the entire Palestinian population by now if they had the true courage of the one true race!
really?

I thought no one put any stock in eugenics anymore.
The anti-Israel sentiment is amazing. There is no doubt that both sides are to blame, and just because the Bush administration supports Israel doesn't mean you should turn against them.

The British gave Israel to the jewish people after WW2. It then became a safe-haven for jews across the world who could now say, "if another holocaust occurs we have a safe place to go." You may argue that it will never happen again, but please keep in mind the last holocaust which killed 6 million people was only 70 odd years ago...

Israel has given up a lot of their land (proportionally) to the Palestinians, but the truth remains it will not end until the Palestinians get Jerusalem. This will never happen.

Don't support Israel? Fine. Don't support palestine? fine. But please don't make this issue black and white as if Israel is the bad guy. 

This is nothing more than the same ignorance Obama is against, and I know how you redditors LOVE him.
hey, even a filthy semite can't argue with a self-referential definition.  way to go satx! i'm sure they'll all leave you alone if we can just kill a few more of them.  what we need to do is have more israelis killed, then it would all be great, right satx?
Less than half of Israeli Jews are Ashkenazi.  Don't you do any background reading before posting your disgusting racist crap?
The security wall is working!!!  Build it faster please!!!
and the source of the statistics is here:
http://www.btselem.org/English/Statistics/Casualties.asp
[Arab Citizens of Israel](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab_citizens_of_Israel) "The majority identify themselves as Palestinian by nationality and Israeli by citizenship". Also talks about how they haven't accepted Israeli citizenship, not denied.
No, YOU argue them.  I think his arguments are invalid.

Why don't you go back and counter her arguments which I think are valid and aren't mentioned here?
maybe he meant to 120%?
"what we need to do is have more israelis killed, then it would all be great, right satx?"

I'm down.
Are you saying what I posted is untrue? Ok you edited your post so: I think his arguments are fine with me and you haven't proven anything he said wrong. You were the one that wanted to argue. I gave you counter points and you said they are invalid with no support and want to go back to talking about her points. Thats not how an argument works.
Neither the Palestinian Arabs in Gaza or the West Bank have citizenship in any country, they are non-citizens.  Are you telling me that you favor a one-state solution - I am up for that, give the Palestinian Arabs in the occupied territory Israeli citizenship and voting rights.  Right now it is hard to see the difference between the current situation in the Palestinian territories and South Africa's apartheid regime.

BTW Arab Citizens of Israel are considered to be a "[demographic threat](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographic_threat)" by Israel to its "Jewishness."
[http://reddit.com/info/6g07r/comments/c03qjrg](http://reddit.com/info/6g07r/comments/c03qjrg)
Do you agree that the media distorts the image to make it seem like more Israelis die at the hand of Palestinians than vice versa?

Up until a few years ago I was thoroughly convinced that was the case.
You don't even realize that you agree with cbg's point, do you?  If The Economist had provided a graphic of equal scale then it would be EASIER to see how many Israelis have died in recent years.
Okay, so more Palestinians have died in the conflict than Israelis.  And the point of linking to this image is what exactly?
Wait, you're saying very few Israelis are European?

100% of the colonists are from Europe/Brooklyn, for instance.
I want to see a chart comparing the imprisoned, the wounded, the homeless and the orphaned.
It is actually hilariously ironic as the apparent point of the graph is to show the two things side by side to illustrate the reality of the situation.

Could be a subtle comment on the situation by the person who laid out the graph, but more likely just a formatting mistake.
Perhaps my sarcasm was too sophisticated for you.  I was reciting the racist supremecist crap that some Ashkenazis say.
I think all this graph is showing is that Israel is being heavy handed with their attacks. This is something I would agree with, even though I think both sides are to blame for this conflict.
No, it isn't working at all.  Whenever the IDF wants to kill or displace Palestinians it just drives right through the gates in the wall.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37MFa7ZKQWo
Various types of intelligence have a high genetic component:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inheritance_of_intelligence

There is this article in the Commentary Magazine about the Ashkenazi phenomenon (by Charles Murry of the controversial "Bell Curve" book):

[Jewish Genius](https://www.commentarymagazine.com/viewarticle.cfm/Jewish-Genius-10855?page=all)

Of course the whole field of genetics and intelligence is controversial because it can lead to social unrest, but it well established in the scientific literature.
you mean like [this](http://i278.photobucket.com/albums/kk120/DoodyWoody/1.gif), right?
[deleted]
refugees as percentage of the population would also be interesting
I'm saying your *prima facie* post is worthless, I disagree with it.  You are welcome to show some comprehension of your own and make an argument, but otherwise your post is worth no more of my time than the time it took you to cut 'n paste it.

Until then, you have completely failed to impugn anything, and any argument proceeds from the position that everything she says is true and untainted.
I assume by "Palestinian image" they mean the image depicting Palestinians killed by Israel which has the 1,200 line level with the 1,000 line on the "Israel image". To bring the 1,000 line on the Palestinian image up to the level of the 1,000 line on the Israel image it would need to be scaled to 120% of it's original vertical size. Technically the Palestinian image only needs to be stretched by 20%.
I want to reply, but I cant work out where to start...
Your choice of words is unfortunate and misleading.  The sentiments are not anti-Israel, but are, rather, anti-oppression, anti-murder, anti-segregation, etc..  

By equating anti-oppression, anti-murder, anti-segregation with Israel you are accusing Israel of murder, oppression and segregation.
Here comes an 's'!  Quick, Ma, run to the gun cabinet and get me an apostrophe !
Gaza isn't an occupied territory. They voted for Hamas, they got what they wanted(you can say they didn't have a choice all you want, its the same in America). Israel wanted to leave West Bank as well and return 96% of the land wanted by Palestine, at which point an Israeli soldier was kidnapped and peace talks flopped.
&gt; Gaza isn't an occupied territory.

It isn't a country though.
Why reinvent the wheel when someone has already proven her wrong?
What do you mean?
Note the exceptional number of people killed on both sides by *civilians* and then try to tell me the Israelis aren't terrorists as well.
They haven't proven her wrong at all.  You obviously didn't even read it, and can't comprehend it.

My point is made, paid shill.
Why is it "Iraelis killed by Palestinians" and "Palestinians killed by Israel"?  Shouldn't it be "Palestinians killed by Isarelis?" 

They seem to have slanted to the title to imply that one is simply people killing people, uncontrollable, while the other is a state killing people, which is morally less pleasant.  

Am I reading too much into that?  It seemed odd to use different wording.
Hating what is done by a government, especially when what a government does is oppression, racism, kidnapping and murder, is GOOD !

Hating a person without a reason is BAD !

For instance, hating a person for being a Palestinian, or a muslim, or an arab, or a jew is BAD.  Hating a person who is a Palestinian or a muslim or an arab or a jew AND who murders, kidnaps, or oppresses is GOOD!
&gt;Israel has given up a lot of their land (proportionally) to the Palestinians,

An outright lie.  They took land from the Palestinians and continue their expansionist agenda.
You have to understand the Economist is made to be read; it's not a 'news' magazine that you browse through for hot graphics ala TIME and Newsweek.
It also shows that Israeli civilians are involved in the massacre every bit as much as Palestinians, erasing all doubt that the Israelis are also terrorists.
Some notes on their 'citizenship':

* *"A 2003 law stipulates that an Israeli citizen may bring a non-citizen spouse to live in Israel from anywhere in the world, excluding a Palestinian from the occupied territories. A civil rights leader in Israel likened it to the American anti-miscegenation measures from the 1950s, when mixed race couples had to leave the state of Virginia to marry legally."* [Abunimah](http://electronicintifada.net/v2/article6310.shtml)

* Refusal of Palestinian building permits, and [demolition](http://www.icahd.org/eng/) of Palestinian homes
Obviously Israel is wrong, their bars are lower!
The chart shows the types of people who have been killed in the conflict not the types of people who have killed others in the conflict.
&gt; (e.g., not just flattening the Gaza strip, at least trying to avoid civilian casualties) versus the explicit lack of restraint by Hamas and the Palestinians

mmm. Well, that’s not exactly an example, and seems at odds with the figures in the chart under discussion.

How do you explain the discrepancy?
The history of Israel 'giving up' land to the Palestinians, as you so quaintly put it, is shown by these three maps:

[UN Partition Plan 1947](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:UN_Partition_Plan_Palestine.png)

[Current boundaries](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:Is-wb-gs-gh_v3.png)

[Actual areas controlled by Israel and the Palestinians.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Image:West_Bank_%26_Gaza_Map_2007_%28Settlements%29.gif)
[deleted]
I think it has to do with Israel being a country, while there is no Palestine.  Israel also has an official armed forces which officially represents Israel the country.  While on the Palestinian side, many of the groups involved in the violence tend to be militias competing for the support of the Palestinian public.

Often you hear of the conflict described as the "Israel-Palestinian conflict" because it is between Israel the country and the Palestinian people.
[deleted]
[deleted]
No?  So what are these headings?

Killed by Israel:

Civilians, military, unknown 

Killed by:

Internal fighting

etc etc?
As Phranqlin says, it’s working
I think the scaling is off on the graph on the left because of the way the legend is laid out...
I just explained that.  Those groups (civilians, military, unknown) are the people who have died in the conflict.
Well, like the US in Iraq, the military often announces that those killed in an airraid or other military attack were insurgents or militants, but this often is disputed by the other side.  It can be impossible in some situations to determine objectively as an neutral outsider after he's dead whether a 20-ish year old man was a civilian or whether he was part-timing as a member of an informal militant group.  It can be especially difficult since in the Palestinian territories some political groups have militant offshoots, thus if a young member of the political group is killed, it can be claimed that he was part of HAMAS or another political group but that doesn't necessarily mean he was a militant.
So, why do they specifically fall under the header "Killed by Israel"?

*edit*

Nevermind, I see your point.  I'll let the posts stand.
&gt;You need to shrink the Palestinian graph or enlarge the Israeli graph.

So you see it as a scoreboard with dead Palestinians as Israeli points and vice versa?
From the source, B'Tselem, if you click on the casualty number you get a full description of each name and details of the fatality.  Seems like pretty rigid data-tracking: http://www.btselem.org/english/statistics/Casualties.asp

However, the source data is in table format so the chart was likely created by the Economist and thus doubtful they would have accidentally skewed the values on the vertical axis.
just goes to show you... don't fuck with a superior force. Now... why don't we pull up the chart that graphs the number of civilians murdered by homicide bombers?
[deleted]
I'd like to see a similar chart of Americans vs Iraqis dead
But in the chart all categories are stacked together!  In a chart that purports to present "inequality", it's more than a little sneaky to include Palestinians killed by other Palestinians to add weight to the argument.
Looks like the IDF is doing what it is supposed to do: protect the citizens of Israel. I don't understand how "unequal" becomes "immoral".
I realize the point of the phrase "homicide bombers" si to point out that there are murders being committed, but it is still a ludicrous phrase.

Suicide bomber strongly implies the same thing, but it points out a pertinent fact that your phrase doesn't, namely that the bomber died (on purpose mind you) in the process. This is something that is both harder to stop and also more horrific, that someone is being brainwashed into killing himself.
&gt; Looks like the IDF is doing what it is supposed to do: protect the citizens of Israel.

Either that or maintain an [occupation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli-occupied_territories) and [a settlement program](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli_settlement).
Much worse, they stacked Palestinians killed by other Palestinians on top of those killed by Israelis to make the visual disparity more pronounced.
I agree. It really belongs in the other chart, both for consistency's sake, and to properly assign blame/credit for the deaths.
I thought we called the land that was under the control of either Hamas or the Palestinian National Authority "Palestine" at this point.  Is that not the case yet?
"The British gave Israel to the jewish people after WW2."

Right, and it was theirs to give because there was no one living in Palestine.

No seriously, some Zionists believed this. They called it "A country without a people for a people without a country."
People can call it Palestine, but there is no official country by the name of Palestine.  I also don't believe that any country in the world recognizes a country by the name of Palestine -- which is one of the ways to judge whether a country should be considered to exist.  There is merely the recognition of a [Palestinian National Authority](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_National_Authority) which has quasi-governmental status in the occupied territories with regards to the non-Israelis.  Israelis in the occupied territories fall under the jurisdiction of Israel and thus are protected by the IDF.
Also property destroyed.
The Economist is well known for its bias.

Obviously, only a *complete Nazi* would use side by side graphs to accurately convey quantitative information.
Oh Dear Sir, either you are ignorant, or a neo-con Israeli Apologist.
My first thought was the same.  So glad you are currently at the top of the comments section for your entry.
By the way, the proper, non-characterized or propagandized way to refer to Judea and Samaria (a/k/a the "west bank" and "gaza strip") is "disputed territories", rather than "settlements" or "occupied land".  

That way, people might give your thoughts some credence rather than dismissing them outright as mis-characterizations.
No matter how many times you repeat this to matts2, he doesn't get it. He just doesn't *see* the settlements.

The settlements and occupation are an ongoing military program against the Palestinians. But when the Pals strike back (in a very ugly way), then poor innocent Israel is defending herself.

*The settlements are an ongoing military attack against the Palestinians*.
&gt; Israelis in the occupied territories fall under the jurisdiction of Israel and thus are protected by the IDF.

Under the Fourth Geneva Convention the IDF is responsible for the safety of ALL of the people living under Occupation - including the Palestinians.

Of course, this isn't going to happen because the settlement building is a massive land grab and the Palestinians are squatting the land promised by God.
If Israel wants to fully annex the territories I'm all for it.  Just be sure to give the Palestinians full Israeli citizenship and voting rights.  I personally favor a one state solution, and your terminology you suggest here leads down this path.
Thanks for posting site address.  I was ready to down-vote you until I scrolled through and noted your proper attention to detail.  You get my UP-vote instead.
Well then don't complain about having different axis scales either, because neither one is FORMALLY wrong.... it's a matter of good chart practice.
&gt; Nice bit of antisemitism on the part of the economist.

Adolf Hitler liked bar charts!
So am i supposed to be outraged that the Israelis do more to minimize their losses?
I didn't complain about the different axis scales.
&gt; Israel has given up a lot of their land (proportionally) to the Palestinians, but the truth remains it will not end until the Palestinians get Jerusalem. This will never happen.

How have they given up "a lot" of "their" land?

Define "lot" quantitatively. Then explain what you mean by "their".
Yes, the Economist is not USA Today, and we're all glad for that.  They still shouldn't make this kind of graphical error, though.  They *usually* don't... Still, I don't think this graphic is *intentionally* misleading, as I said in my original comment.


EDIT: As in my original post, I think this is a mistake/oversight by the economist.  I accidentally used a double negative in this comment, and have fixed it.
Some general observations:

* What the heck happened in 2005 to get the number of Palestinians killed so low?  Even internal fighting was negligible!

* I had thought that the ratio of Palestinian militants to civilians killed was much lower.  It looks like it's been pretty close to 1:1 since 2004.

* The Israelis probably attribute the decline in their losses to the construction of the barrier.  I'm personally astounded at how few IDF have been killed, given the Gaza incursions.
I did complain... and I stand by it.  Also, the inclusion of palestinian-on-palestinian violence data is not the same kind of "error" as the mismatched axes.

The mismatched axes are poor form regardless of the content and/or meaning of the data, assuming we are to compare quantities across charts (which is suggested by their placement).

Arguments about which data to show in the context of the article are separate from the good chart practice issue.
If you go to http://ifamericansknew.org/ you'll see that 10,756 Palestinians are being imprisoned by Israel.

One Israelis is being imprisoned by Palestinians.

And do you know what's even more sickening about that?  The fact that the one Israeli prisoner has received far, far more media attention from our very Jewish media than the 10,000+.

edit: fix url
Of course, when it is reported in the media all adult males are immediately assumed to be militants.
It doesn't surprise me that you would favor a one state solution.  However, the Israelis, just like every single other country, have the right to determine citizenship.  Certainly you would not expect a country to absorb refugees that are hostile to that country.  

Perhaps you would agree with sending the Arab residents of the disputed territories back to their home countries of Jordan and Egypt, as is stated on their passports?

Any annexation of the disputed territories, in my opinion, would be accompanied by a population transfer, perhaps something akin to what happened in Greece-Turkey.
You're a racist who has no moral sense whatsoever, so this isn't surprising.
I actually like the term "homicide bomber".  Maybe we can then start using it for when the U.S. or Israel kills people with bombs too, which is of course the majority of the time.
What else is new?  If the fighting takes place on Palestinian soil (as it must, because that is the easiest place for Israel to catch terrorists), then the local Palestinians will be in the crossfire.  The same situation is evident in Iraq, where many many more Iraqis have been killed than American troops.

In *any* conflict, the loser is whoever lives on the land being fought over.  Although I note that if Hamas and co. would stop bombing and rocketing Israeli cities, we probably wouldn't be having this problem.
"given up" is contentious, too.
&gt;the proper, non-characterized or propagandized way to refer to Judea and Samaria (a/k/a the "west bank" and "gaza strip"

"Occupied territories" is a euphemism dating from the 1970s. They are "illegally occupied territories," as described in UN resolution 242
other way. If the scales were equal, then the "Isrealis killed by palestinians" side would be even smaller, making it harder to see. It's nigh impossible to tell as is.
You are quite right and I apologize for the mistake.  I used the wrong preposition and should have said 'to', not 'by' as garnet13ajg points out.
a) "Homicide bomber" doesn’t describe the action as distinct from any other kind of bombing. b) "Suicide bomber" describes the method. 

a) carries less information than b, but b) adds nothing to a). 

EDIT: If you *like* it, of course, you’re free to use it. But there’s no other reason to.
It is astounding that someone would advocate not giving citizenship to any native Americans in the USA and then suggesting that they should be shipped back to the reservation or some other country altogether !
&gt; By the way, the proper, non-characterized or propagandized way to refer to Judea and Samaria (a/k/a the "west bank" and "gaza strip") is "disputed territories", rather than "settlements" or "occupied land".

Who says? This is the way that Israel wants to refer to them. 

They were given the Palestinians in 1947 and illegally taken by Jordan and Egypt in 1948, then illegally taken by Israel in 1967. The same UN laws that created Israel gave these territories to someone else. They are as 'disputed' as Israel itself.
Jew haters coin "antisemitism", then proceed to argue that it isn't targeted at jews.

Iranian leaders rally for destruction of Israel and then elaborate that it's merely a "regime change" 

And now nokilli is renaming homicide bombers, a term that even I don't use. 

Look like you assholes got a scheme going.
&gt; Perhaps you would agree with sending the Arab residents of the disputed territories back to their home countries of Jordan and Egypt, as is stated on their passports?

Rubbish. The Palestinians have historically lived in this region for over a thousand years. There has been some cross border diffusion, but the Pal population is very much native to the land. The Pals and European Jews even have some genetic diseases (a particular deafness gene) in common, suggesting a common geographical and cultural origin.

&gt; Any annexation of the disputed territories, in my opinion, would be accompanied by a population transfer, perhaps something akin to what happened in Greece-Turkey.

By population transfer you mean *ethnic cleansing*.  That is *really* fascist. Ethnic transfers have never been conducted fairly. 

The Greek/Turkish transfer is widely viewed as a tragedy. The people uprooted had little in common (besides religion) with their new neighbors.

And this was a population *exchange*. What you are suggesting is simple robbery. The word is overused, but you're basically  fascist.
Please, there was no need for you to label the media the way you did.  While the bias in the media toward the emphasis of right wing Israeli viewpoints and positions is distasteful and self-evident, don't use the whole conflict as justification for the pushing of your baseless stereotyping.  Your post was otherwise fine without it.
Is there a graph that compares Israeli suicide bombers with Palestinian suicide bombers?  Just curious.
Excuse me, but when every President or equivalent of a network news or cable news channel is Jewish and they produce news that is highly biased towards the Jewish state then I will call it a very Jewish media and I will continue to do so for as long as the coverage we receive incites racist hatred towards Muslims.
It's widely published but not 1005 accurate new to the internet? Before the edit you had "killed by American forces." Why the change?
Is wars people die. Shocking!
Fuck Israel. They are a despotic terrorist nation that only survives by illegally acquiring land from Palestine. I honesty hope they are routed from their land.
If I was Israeli, that graph would make me think "Whatever we've been doing since 2002 seems to be working.  We should keep it up!"
That looks like effective counterinsurgency operations - lower mortality for civilians and security forces in the state with a suicide bomber problem, increased infighting in the state producing suicide bombers.
A perfect example of racist hatred.  You don't even consider the Muslims you kill with these bombs to be human, so why associate the term homicide with their use, is that it?
I agree that suicide bomber is more descriptive.  I just take offense at the notion that a bomb that is detonated in such a way is any more or less offensive than one dropped out of an airplane.
i see it as a graph. I made it obvious didn't I?
It really has more to do with Hamas declaring numerous ceasefires, as they prepped to enter the political arena, and focus more on winning elections.
Palestinians killed by each other is still part of the death-toll of turmoil.
Couldn’t agree more.

I wanted to like Martin Amis’ redefinition of modern terrorism as 'horrorism,' but, like 'homicide bomber,' all it adds is imprecision. They also both sound like, totally goofy, and that’s not much help, either.
uh what? did you even look at the graph.

The palestinian 1,000 line is above the israeli one.
[deleted]
millions?  did you see the chart?
jotaroh never edited his post.
[deleted]
I'm proud to mod you down for your indifference and your ceaseless use of reddit to whine and blame, always in your one-sided, unsympathetic fashion.
I was trying to work out why you saw the graphs the wrong way round.
Countries are such artificial and transient things.  People are not artificial and people endure.

Talk, then, about PEOPLE.  And you'll then have to stop this nonsense about "there is no Palestine".
Yeah, it's next to the one showing helicopter gunship attacks.
In the past couple years there have been virtually no such events, hence no point in such a graph.  

You're such a tool.
first, the settlers make up a very small fraction of israelis.  second, many of the jews who ended up in brooklyn were refugees in the first place from eastern europe and russia.  

at any rate, israel is almost as racially and culturally diverse as the USA, and is generally more accepting.
As the Israeli soldiers explained, it's no barrier to the IDF's terrorist operations at all.

I didn't think you'd have any comment on the admissions in the link.  It's very, very damning, especially the part where the soldiers explain how the IDF and Israeli news organizations lie to the Israeli public about what the IDF is doing.
&gt; Talk, then, about PEOPLE. And you'll then have to stop this nonsense about "there is no Palestine".

I'm not saying there is no Palestinian people nor that they dream of their being a Palestinian state (i.e. Palestine), but at the moment Palestine does not exist as a legally recognized country.
Very misleading infographic as a large proportion of the Palestinian side is made up of murders _by_ Palestinans. If you wanted to compare perpetrators of violence in the area, those sections should go on the other side.
Yep, all the armed groups/gangs being empowered and funded by other Muslim countries is Israel's fault.

Right.
No, you.
&gt; incites racist hatred

Talking of which, you are conflating Jewishness with Israeli military policy, a typical closet-racist tactic.
Since when did the graph say anything about "fault"?
Actually that would make Palestinian deaths look greater, so the visual disparity would look *less* pronounced.
The problem is that you play into the hands of those who would discredit everything you say and support.
Yes, I'm quite aware of everything you said.
funny how (typical of leftists) 50 people talk about the problem but 1 just gives the solution.  kudos to you, sir.
No, it's a very honest infographic. They accurately labeled Pal-on-Pal casualties in an *easily visible bright blue color*. Very, very obvious unless you're color blind or congenitally stupid.

From this glaring use of the bright blue color, is also blindingly obvious that Pal-on-Pal violence was significant only in 2007. During the previous six years, it represented a very small fraction of casualties, much smaller than Pal civilian casualties killed by Israelis.
unless Israel is encouraging internal strife to weaken the Palestinian resistance?
nice user name dude
I found a purported list of [Palestinian attacks in Israel](http://www.mfa.gov.il/MFA/Terrorism-+Obstacle+to+Peace/Palestinian+terror+since+2000/Suicide+and+Other+Bombing+Attacks+in+Israel+Since.htm) since 1993.

The attacks seemed to peak in 2005, and then fall off sharply: the number of attacks in the first two months of 2005 was larger than the number in all of 2006 and 2007 combined.
As I said, those sections could just as easily have been moved to the other side. That paints a completely different picture - the decision to put them on the left is purely editorial. Suggest you read up on Tufte to better understand how infographics are regularly used in this kind of way for propaganda purposes.
This thread, even if not specificly about it (which doesn't seem like the case to me) was bound to turn to this discussion.
If that was fact rather than theory, yes, otherwise not. The point of an infographic is to reveal something new through stats rather than using them to decorate a preconceived idea. This infographic shows us the victims of the conflict, but is being taken as showing the perpetrators - which it absolutely does not.
Rubbish. This infographic doesn't hide a thing. It highlights Pal-on-Pal deaths with the brightest color; almost certainly, this is a design decision to make it easy to untangle them. If the bright blue vanished (count only cross Israeli-Pal deaths) then the plot would remain much the same.

If you don't like the Pal-on-Pal deaths, just cover up the last year 2007 and you'll get pretty much what you consider an 'honest' plot.

You'll note that the plot deceptively *overstates* Israeli deaths as well, by using 20% different scales. Is this also "using infographics for propaganda purposes."?  My bet is that it is slightly sloppy design.

If I were to design the plot, I would put Pal-on-Pal in a light grey *outline* (not solid) to make it clear it is a different animal, and would equalize the scales. But as it stands, it has two very slightly deceptive traits, working in the opposite directions.

edit: the weird thing is that I look at the plot, and immediately think "Man, those pals are sure killing each other". This comes from the design decision to use the bright, incongruous color, and to split the legend and put the Pal-on-Pal legend to the side of the Israeli-on-Pal one.  I didn't need you to point it out. I think you are desperately groping for bias where there is none.
That show sucks sooooo bad.
&gt;&gt; unless Israel is encouraging internal strife to weaken the Palestinian resistance?

&gt; If that was fact rather than theory, yes, otherwise not. 

Actually, Israel [built up Hamas in the 1970s to undermine PLO/Fatah](http://www.upi.com/International_Intelligence/Analysis/2002/06/18/analysis_hamas_history_tied_to_israel/8272/) according to US intelligence sources.

&gt; This infographic shows us the victims of the conflict, but is being taken as showing the perpetrators - which it absolutely does not.

For the first 6 years, it shows both. Only in the last year does the effect you describe become significant.
Atlantis is good in my book.
So what are we comparing in these two charts?

1. Right side = Israelis killed by Palestinians

2. Left side = Palestinians killed by anyone

???
&gt; This infographic doesn't hide a thing. It highlights Pal-on-Pal deaths with the brightest color

Of course it _shows_ them, otherwise I couldn't have commented on it! However, it adds them to the column of Palestinians murdered by Israel, which gives that column an _entirely different meaning_. 


&gt; You'll note that the plot deceptively overstates Israeli deaths as well, by using 20% different scales. Is this also "using infographics for propaganda purposes."?

Good spot - it's also hugely misleading. I'm inclined to agree it's more through accident than design - but that doesn't change the fact that the graphic doesn't have the meaning that people are assigning to it.

&gt; I think you are desperately groping for bias where there is none.

I'm talking about misleading information, not bias. These are known issues in [information design](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_design), not just some case of paranoia.
How many Palestinian deaths are from provable non-combatants?  And if we are talking Geneval Conventions since the Palestinians have decided to use ambulances and children as part of their combat then they are now fair game.  Also since they do not wear uniforms and do mix in with the general populace the Palestinians, not Isreal, bear the legal responsibility.  If you don't want to die as a terrorist, don't live with them.  At Nuremberg we held Nazis responsible for German civilian deaths.  But I have yet to find one legally civilian Palestinian.  Sorry, I have 20+ years as both a soldier and a lawyer and I have conducted Law of Warfare training.

And since Bobby Kennedy was assassinated by a Palestinian, along with Leon Klinghoffer, and some Americans that I have known --  what exactly is their complaint about force meeting force?
A typical closet-racist attack?  LOL

As it turns out, the typical closet-racist attack we see today is that being performed by our very Jewish media.  The targets of course are Muslims.

The result?  Well over a million Muslims dead.

You can draw a straight line from the bias in the news we receive from our very Jewish media to the millions we've killed in Iraq and are set to kill in Iran.

So you'll forgive me if I find your charges ridiculous.  A little sense of proportion is in order here.
&gt; Only in the last year does the effect you describe become significant.

The point being that it tells a quite different story if you move those sections across. It is well-established that bar charts are read by scanning the tops of the bars. Just look at the comments to this post for evidence of that - people are just seeing lots of Pals killed by Israelis and fewer Israelis killed by Pals.
How so?

I am only speaking truth to power.  If we all did this the conflict in the Middle East between Jews and Muslims would quickly arrive at its conclusion.
actually, it looks to me like someone put up a fucking wall.
True but who give the people that recognize a country as a country the legitimacy or authority to do such a thing? That question always pissed me off because the answer is that it's the countries with the most power (a.k.a. U.N. Security Council or General Assembly I guess) and if you got a problem with that it doesn't matter because your not a country anyway.

And what ever happen to taking land and not giving a crap about what other countries think about, now it's liberate this, and save them, it used to be so much simpler, just come in take over and now your just under our control.
I've seen a couple of anecdotal stories of Israeli military units getting dressed up in civvies and going on Palestinian-hunts generally aimed at killing random males in the 15-40 age range. I was inclined to believe them - has anyone else heard this?
You're openly admitting you failed to interpret the graph correctly. You obviously realise it. Why are you angry?
&gt; every President or equivalent of a network news or cable news channel is Jewish



&gt; As it turns out, the typical closet-racist attack we see today is that being performed by our very Jewish media. The targets of course are Muslims. The result? Well over a million Muslims dead.



&gt; You can draw a straight line from the bias in the news we receive from our very Jewish media to the millions we've killed in Iraq and are set to kill in Iran.

citations needed.
I hereby revoke your credentials that formerly allowed you to classify shows as good or bad.

You will now only like what others who retain their credentials tell you to like. As one of those people, I'm recommending you watch The Sopranos, by HBO.
He made a valid point and I learnt more about the situation as a result. Leave the 'pushing' comments for unnecessary things. This had value.
But, but, I like them both!

Battlestar FTW?
&gt; The point being that it tells a quite different story if you move those sections across.

Huh? The basic story is that a lot more Pals have been killed by Israelis than Israelis killed by Pals, with wild fluctuations from year to year. Bright blue or not, this is what the plot says.

Look at the last year - the year you hate so much because it counts Pal-on-Pal on the left side. Even ignoring the Pal-on-Pal, the Israelis killed tens of times more Pals than vise versa. That's what the plot is saying.

&gt; people are just seeing lots of Pals killed by Israelis and fewer Israelis killed by Pals.

Right. That's the point. You want to move the Pal-on-Pal to the right to show that Pals are killing each other. But that's not what the plot is meant to show. The plot is meant to show that in the battle between the two sides, Israelis kill a lot more. It is about cross-killings, with the Pal-on-Pal being a little bonus thrown in to show that, golly, the Pals are killing each other as well. But this bonus is visually separable from the main point of cross-killings.

We could also put fatal Israeli traffic accidents (Israeli-on-Israeli killing) on the left hand side, just like you want to put Pal-on-Pal killing on the right hand side. But why? The point of the plot is showing who is victimizing whom, not who is victimizing themselves.
&gt; Of course it shows them, otherwise I couldn't have commented on it! 

I didn't say it 'shows' them. I said it **highlights** them.  I used the word highlight for a reason.  It shows them in a way they can't be missed.

&gt; have the meaning that people are assigning to it.

Huh? The graphic shows that Israelis are killing more Pals than vise versa, with the additional bit of (bright blue) somewhat unrelated information that Pal-on-Pal violence is also significant.

If the plot left out the bright blue altogether, would you be happy? That would be fair, right, plotting only cross-violence?
Actually, the problem is that people are making assumptions before reading the article that the chart was meant to support.
For you?  Not likely.  Search my posts here though, you'll find lots of stuff [like this](http://reddit.com/info/2rg7k/comments/c2risj).
&gt; The plot is meant to show that in the battle between the two sides, Israelis kill a lot more.

Precisely my point - you've misread it yourself even after looking at it very closely for a while. The plot shows bar graphs for victims by nationality, but is labelled as if it shows totals for perpetrators.
Comes from [here](http://reddit.com/info/63o1o/comments/c02qajq).
&gt; If the plot left out the bright blue altogether, would you be happy? That would be fair, right, plotting only cross-violence?

Yes, that and scaled properly. The resulting picture would be far more informative and nuanced, showing the imbalance (in greater starkness) but also be less about relentless violence and show some prospect of it decreasing (a longer timescale also would obviously be much better).
I made a new graph that addresses a few of these concerns (scaling and Palestine's internal category) http://i30.tinypic.com/9gxcnr.jpg

(note) data from same source: http://www.btselem.org/English/Statistics/Casualties.asp
I'd say that, from looking at the chart, Palestinians should today be more afraid of other Palestinians than of Israelis dressed as civilians.

And apparently they like opinionated chart headers at The Economist, so let me suggest charting [this data](https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/fields/2002.html) with the header: "Try not making so many goddamn babies if you depend on the rest of the world to feed you".

But then again that would totally mess up the layout.
Fuck Israel and their zionist bullshit.
[deleted]
The point of this posting is not about the scaling on the chart.  

The point is that the Israelis have caused far more deaths to Palestinians than vice versa.  It is a completely asymmetric war, tanks and helicopters vs AK47s and civilians.  

It needs to stop, there needs to be a negotiated settlement.  Good job to Carter for talking to Hamas (democratically elected government of Gaza) to seek a solution.
I'd give them the benefit of the doubt that they used a different legend for the second table because they had included Palestinians killed by other Palestinians and didn't think they should be crudely compared to the number of Israeli deaths.

The point the articles makes is that life has become safer for Israelis since aggressive security places have been put in place whereas life for Palestinians has not. There is no suggestion assigning guilt. That's not The Economists style anyway. It tends to deal in cold facts.

http://www.economist.com/surveys/displaystory.cfm?story_id=10909883
Yeah I didn't think you could. I guess you aren't talking about this kind of media ownership: 

&gt; Jack Welch and Michael H. Jordan, CEOs, respectively, of G.E. (NBC) and Westinghouse (CBS); Rupert Murdoch (who owns 20th Century-Fox); John Malone, CEO of TCI, the nation's largest cable company; maverick globalist Ted Turner; Hearst Communications, Times Mirror, the Chicago Tribune's empire, Reader's Digest Inc. Sony (which owns Columbia Studios and Tri-Star Pictures). Warren Buffett (Disney's largest investor); Bill Gates (who owns a big piece of Dreamworks and MSNBC); Gordon Crawford, who manages the media holdings for the secretive Capital Group (which owns a chunk of every major player).
That's not very nice. The larger your population, the more you rely on global food supplies. Assuming you're an American, your country can't necessarily feed itself without importing goods either.
You can provide evidence that Jews have disproportionate representation in ownership and senior management positions in major media organizations. And you can provide evidence that these major media organizations have a persistent bias. It's plausible to infer that these powerful individuals intentionally cause this bias in order to advance an agenda associated with their Judaism. However, you cannot safely assert this to be true. You are not omniscient. Your claims about their internal motivations carry no weight. 

Your formulation also suggests that all Jews support the perceived agenda behind this bias. This is not fair, as there is ample evidence that many, many Jews oppose this agenda. 

Some of your suspicions about people's motives may be well founded, but we can never know for sure. At any rate, pointing out the indisputable facts should be sufficient to influence the ill informed audience you are trying to target.
Again, I do this here constantly, when it appears I can inform and educate.  That doesn't appear to be the case with you.

You're managing to find a few individuals who are not Jewish proves nothing.
Looks like more Palestinians are killed by internal fighting than by Israelis.  But we don't hear about how evil the Palestinians are to each other, do we?
Then they should balance it, right?
On the contrary, it proves that you are a liar:

&gt; every President or equivalent of a network news or cable news channel is Jewish

&gt; a few individuals who are not Jewish
That's a reasonable response.

First let me say that "disproportionate representation" is too kind a term; the kind of odds we're talking about here are astronomical.  At one point we had a Jew in one of the top three positions in 11 out of 12 of the top news organizations in America, the odds against that alone are in the hundreds of millions.

And it goes beyond bias when the effect of the coverage is to sanction atrocity on the scale we're witnessing now in Iraq and soon perhaps Iran.

So while I cannot assert with certainty that there is a connection between the two, I can and will continue to draw attention to the very high probability that our news coverage is shaped by racist hatred.  It is, at the very least, a subject that needs the full attention of the public, and people have to stop being afraid to discuss it.

You are correct too in that many Jews oppose this agenda, but even then the fact of their ethnicity is still relevant.  The coverage they bring to the issue is still influenced to some extent.  Even somebody like a Noam Chomsky will at times display a shocking tolerance for the actions of Israel, and I have to believe that at some level his kinship with his fellow Jews has something to do with this.

The bottom line is that this is an issue that needs to be addressed and addressed in a manner that doesn't involve ridiculous charges of anti-Semitism (an ugly and bigoted term) and that happens sooner by speaking out about it than it does by staying silent.
looks like isreal's winnin'

Kilgore style
I meant they rely on humanitarian aid to survive.
* President of CBS is Les Moonves.
* President of ABC News is David Westin.
* President of NBC is Jeff Zucker.
* President of Fox is Peter Chernin.
* President of MSNBC was Rick Kaplan, responsibilities now assumed by Dan Abrams.
* President of CNN is Jonathan Klein.

All of these men are Jewish.  There is a liar in this thread, but it isn't me.
BSG is the shizznittlebamsnipsnapsack!
If you haven't seen the naked pics of Tricia Helfer, look!  She's amazing, and all natural.
I don't mean to be cold but if you pick up a gun and your Palestinian does that make you military or unknown?
There were also people living in America before the Spanish and the English came there.
Says a man who think that the Holocaust was a response to a Jewish boycott of Germany.
&gt;He just doesn't see the settlements.

I oppose the settlements, I think they are just plain foolish on the part of Israel. But since the terrorism began before the settlements I don't see the same causal situation.
If I haven't seen the naked pics of Tricia Helfer?  Are you kidding me?!

Of course I've seen them. :)
I can't decide which is more pathetic.  The fact that [you're lying](http://reddit.com/info/60sul/comments/c02i8xw) or what it is you think you hope to achieve by always pulling this nonsense out.

At least you do your small part to educate all of those who were brought up to believe that the only boycott back then was of Jews by Germans.
The Palestinian 1,000 line (Palestinians killed by Isreal - on the left side of the image) is lower than the Israel 1,000 line (Israelis killed by Palestinians - on the right side of the image).
&gt; Precisely my point - you've misread it yourself even after looking at it very closely for a while. The plot shows bar graphs for victims by nationality, but is labelled as if it shows totals for perpetrators.

I haven't misread it, and it is *arrogant* to say I did.

It shows totals for victims *and* perpetrators. Is it not mislabeled - it is labeled by "X killed by Y" for 3 permutations of X and Y.  The information is all there, and clearly labeled. It just isn't arranged the way you would like it to be.
I bet it's because 2005 is when real work on the security fence started getting completed.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli_West_Bank_barrier#Effects_on_Israeli_security
&gt; The resulting picture would be far more informative and nuanced,

It wouldn't be more informative. It would be less informative by hiding the massive increase of Pal-on-Pal violence. People aren't as stupid as you think they are. And you aren't as smart as you think you are. Everyone can tease apart the information just fine!

&gt; also be less about relentless violence and show some prospect of it decreasing (a longer timescale also would obviously be much better).

The only trend is decreasing Israeli deaths. Palestinian deaths fluctuate wildly with no evidence of a trend.
I can explain the decrease in civilian deaths for Israelis starting in 2003.  All the bombers and their bombs went to Iraq.
Bah, can't win 'em all, qgyh3.
&gt; It would be less informative by hiding the massive increase of Pal-on-Pal violence.

Yes it would remove information if you kept to a double bar-graph design. If you want another dimension like that, you would need a different design altogether. This is a well-known limitation of using bar-graphs in information design.

&gt; People aren't as stupid as you think they are. And you aren't as smark as you think you are. Everyone can tease apart the information just fine!

Then why not just produce tables of stats? It is not a case of people being stupid but of them being misled. Look at the graphic again and tell me that most people will reasonably be expected to understand that the number of murders by Israelis and Palestinians are pretty much the same in the last year.
Indeed, the Palestinians are not even the most recent in a long list of wrongly displaced peoples. But one key difference is that we're not still bulldozing Native Americans' houses.
&gt; The plot is meant to show that in the battle between the two sides, Israelis kill a lot more.

&gt; I haven't misread it, and it is arrogant to say I did.

You're saying that a graph showing murders by Israelis+Pals on one side compared against murders by Pals on the other is fair? You do understand that in the last year the numbers are almost even? Your previous comment indicates otherwise.
&gt; I think they are just plain foolish on the part of Israel. 

This is like say that the annihilation of the Indians was a silly error, or that pogroms were a little boo-boo, or that bombing a cafe  in Tel Aviv is a "teensy whoopsie". The occupation is not just *foolish*. It is *brutal* and *unjust*.

&gt; But since the terrorism began before the settlements

The settlements begin less than a year after the 1967 war in which Israel seized the territories.

You're conflating various historical epochs. During the Mandate era, both sides were killing each other. You might recall that groups like the Irgun bombed Arab marketplaces, much like Pals have bombed Israeli discos.

During the 1948 war, the Israelis ethnically cleansed the Pals. As Benny Morris documents, this involved murder, rape, and terror, encouraged at a high level.

In the 50s, this displaced population was understandably angry. I'd be a terrorist too, just like I'd want to kill Germans if I were Jewish, or Chinese if I were Tibetan, or French if I were Algerian.

If you look at this [table of terrorist deaths at a pro-Israel site](http://www.mfa.gov.il/MFA/MFAArchive/2000_2009/2000/1/Terrorism+deaths+in+Israel+-+1920-1999.htm), terror had fallen off in 1959-1966 to 10 deaths a year. Not a bad deal for kicking 80% of the Pal population out of their homes. But after the 1967 war and occupation and settlement building, it shot back up again by a factor of five or so. 

Once again, it went down, but during the First Intifada 1987-1993 it shot up again to reach a high of 101 in 1991. And in the second intifada from 2000 onward it again shot up, as seen on the Economist graph.

Terrorism is not entirely determined by actions in the territories, but it is strongly correlated to rebellion there.
Seriously!
&gt; You're saying that a graph showing murders by Israelis+Pals on one side compared against murders by Pals on the other is fair? 

Yes, because even a mentally challenged baboon can tease the two effects apart. They're not hiding the truth. They're highlighting in bright blue so you *don't* make this comparison. You're supposed to compare dull colors with dull colors.


&gt; You do understand that in the last year the 
numbers are almost even?


What? The Israelis have killed *way* more Pals in 2007 than vise versa.  And the issue isn't 'murders' - sometimes killings are legitimate.


It seems like you insist on moving the Pal-on-Pal deaths to the right side, to *conceal* the fact that Israelis kill far more Pals than vise versa.  *You* seem to be trying to make a plot that shows something other than how many X are killed by Y (for X not equal to Y). 

So let's both take some white-out and get rid of the bright blue, and discuss *that* plot, as we both agreed would be a good idea.
Did you hear about the Jews driking the blood of gentile infants and secretly starting all the wars and staging the moon landing to freak out the communists who wanted the rich Jews to cough up the gold?
No arguments here Hamas is a terrorist organization , and in the same token Israel has occupied and subjugated the Palestinians for over four decades.
&gt; You're supposed to compare dull colors with dull colors.

Not if you want to know anything about perpetrators (which is what everyone is basing their political conclusions on here). Maybe you are still having difficulty - Israel killed about 390 Pals in 2007, Pal killed about 380. The graphs simply do not compare like with like so you cannot compare them with each other. Yes, you can untangle it but the representation is nevertheless misleading (hence the need for untangling). As I've told you already, this is a _well-known_ class of problem with using bar-graphs in information design.
That seems a bit far fetched. Unlike yourself, other people's minds aren't necessarily polarised.

And now I should stop being such an overt antisemite, amirite?
If it were offered, most countries would take it. Everyone has poverty.
&gt; The British gave Israel to the jewish people after WW2.

Hey, I often see this poor homeless guy, who is obviously suffering. How about I give him half of your house? You wouldn't mind, would you.
Your meaning of "favor" is unclear:

Meaning 1: The Israelis win the most pity because they lost more lives than Palestine after all.

Meaning 2: The Israelis win the most fear because they kicked those Palestinians' ass even more than it looks like. 

Unfortunately for Palestine, Answer #2 is correct. Not that I'm happy about it.
&gt; Maybe you are still having difficulty - Israel killed about 390 Pals in 2007, Pal killed about 380. 

No, I'm not having difficulty.

*You're* having difficulty with the fact that people consider cross violence and internal violence to be two separate issues (especially given that the latter involves militants and the former involves many innocent casualties).

You're upset that no one cares about the question you want answered. The question people are looking at the relative relations between the two parties. The fact that one of the parties is engaged in an internal civil war does not change the main question - which side is killing more of the other side, and in particular more innocent civilians on the other side. 

&gt; As I've told you already, this is a well-known class of problem with using bar-graphs in information design.

They just photo-shop out the bright blue bit and repost the plot!  It will contain less information, but will still show the conclusion that people are talking about - Is kill more Ps than vise versa.
Does anyone remember how Saddam Hussein used to pay 25 thousand dollars to the immediate family of suicide bomers, plus 10 thousand to relatives? The graph says it all.
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/2846365.stm

Now that there is no financial gain in encouraging ones three year old to aspire to strap on a bomb and blow them self up, guess what isn't happening?
No, Saddam can no longer dole out cash to the families of suicide bombers. No money, no reward in sending ones kid off to die.

Believe it or not, palestinians are quite different from the Al-Quaida types. They care mainly about getting their land back and less about some perceived worldwide struggle against the US on behalf of Islam.
&gt; Look at the graphic again and tell me that most people will reasonably be expected to understand that the number of murders by Israelis and Palestinians are pretty much the same in the last year.

Tough to say. If they look at the plot carefully enough to see what it is about in general, they will probably catch that the bright blue is internal violence and is there for comparison only, not as part of the core data set.  Your're postulating some intermediate level of cluefulness where the viewer half-read the caption.   I had no trouble understanding what is going on from the getgo - I saw right away that - WOW! - Palestinian internal violence was important in 2007. I wasn't deceived. I had no trouble masking out the bright blue. I didn't feel tricked. Maybe you did.

I see you point that the *last bin* is suboptimally presented, and this plot makes an arguably imperfect job of mixing different types of data (cross killings and internecine violence).

But your argument holds  only for the last year.

And you keep neglecting the other booboo of the plot - the upscaling of the Israeli casualties using different plot scales. Why don't you hype on that for a dozen posts? *That* is much more classical deception.
I'm pro semitic. That is because arabs are semites. I am also for the general good and there is substantially less violence in Arab counties. For example, the homicide rate in the USA is ten times higher than Saudi Arabia and of the top 50 countries in terms of homicide, there are only three arab countries.
[deleted]
Oh, God, you're kidding, right? You know we fund Fatah, right? This is policy, not a conspiracy theory:

&gt; After failing to anticipate Hamas’s victory over Fatah in the 2006 Palestinian election, the White House cooked up yet another scandalously covert and self-defeating Middle East debacle: part Iran-contra, part Bay of Pigs. With confidential documents, corroborated by outraged former and current U.S. officials, David Rose reveals how President Bush, Condoleezza Rice, and Deputy National-Security Adviser Elliott Abrams backed an armed force under Fatah strongman Muhammad Dahlan, touching off a bloody civil war in Gaza and leaving Hamas stronger than ever.

[http://www.vanityfair.com/politics/features/2008/04/gaza200804?printable=true&amp;currentPage=all](http://www.vanityfair.com/politics/features/2008/04/gaza200804?printable=true&amp;currentPage=all)
no but you know they haven't killed millions.
[deleted]
anonymous-coward, since you are so concerned with justice what is your plan for the Jews from the Middle East to regain the equivalent of four times the surface of Israel which they lost following the formation of the state of Israel?
Interesting distribution of military/civilian. Left, about equal, seems to say "unintended targets of military activities in civilian ares" right side, "civilian targets of intentional terrorism".
That's a pretty damning accusation. What's actually happening is that Hamas intentionally locates its terrorist operations (e.g. firing missiles) in areas which are heavily populated by civilians in order to increase the collateral damage by the IDF, inflating the civilian death count.
&gt; since you are so concerned with justice what is your plan for the Jews from the Middle East to regain the equivalent of four times the surface of Israel which they lost following the formation of the state of Israel?

Fair question. You presumably refer to the expulsion of Jews from the Arab countries. Now they didn't 'lose' surface area because the territory was never theirs - they lost their homes and were resettled in Israel.

The solution is that Israel expelled the Pals from pre-1967 Israel. Arabs expelled most Jews from their lands. The numbers were about 600,000 in both cases. 

Let's call it a trade. The Israelis keep what they took in 1948, half of which which was to belong in the Pals. The Pals don't get to return pre-1967 Israel, but instead they get the 1/4 of Mandate Palestine represented by the WB and Gaza.

In other words, the solution is to roll back to 1967, but not 1948. Both sides tragically exchanged 600K in population (though calling it an exchange is unfair, because this would make the Pals suffer for the sins of Syria and Egypt, just like in 1948 they suffered for the sins of Germany).
Yaeh but as everyone knows one israeli is worth oh say 10 Palestinians, right? The talmud says so right?
Obviously the winner must be the bad guy. It's not like Palestinians try to raise their civilian death toll as high as possible and publically say they want to kil their own civilians.

http://www.memritv.org/newsletter/clip1710.htm

Fathi Hammad: The Palestinian people has developed its [methods] of death and death-seeking. For the Palestinian people, death has become an industry, at which women excel, and so do all the people living on this land. The elderly excel at this, and so do the mujahideen and the children. This is why they have formed human shields of the women, the children, the elderly, and the mujahideen, in order to challenge the Zionist bombing machine. It is as if they were saying to the Zionist enemy: "We desire death like you desire life."

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/03/03/AR2008030300282.html

"The blood of Gaza's children has achieved victory and occupation will be removed,"-Ismail Haniyeh
&gt; Now they didn't 'lose' surface area because the territory was never theirs - they lost their homes and were resettled in Israel.

What do you mean not theirs. They owned the real estate. 

I find your justice very approximative. A very "facts on the ground" approach - you're not judging as much by equitable reimbursement of property, dollar for dollar and acre for acre but by finding a practical solution. 

Well, I approve fully of the principle but it should be taken all the way. Rolling back to 1967 frontiers would lose hundreds of thousands of people in the settlements their homes - not practical at all - not to mention the fascist ethnic cleansing angle. What's wrong with a two state solution with the borders as they stand now?
Reddit is fucked up, if I mod someone down they go up to, when I unmod them it stays the same.

I guess they're just trying to keep certain opinions up eh?
Orwellian style changing the usage of words to remove their meaning for the win? You say Jews are evil. You can't be a racist cause you love Palestinians. Double plus good!
Yeah around average, that's why Israel has the highest ratio of university degrees to the population in the world. 

And produces more scientific papers per capita than any other nation.

And has in proportion to its population,  the largest number of startup companies in the world. And is number 2 in startup companies in absolute terms.

And is third in the world for percent of citizens with university degrees.

http://www.israel21c.org/bin/en.jsp?enZone=Facts&amp;enDisplay=view&amp;enDispWhat=Zone&amp;enPage=BlankPage
Half of Israeli Jews are Mizrahi, from the million Jewish refugees who were kicked out of Arab countries. Who the world seems to have forgotten/never cared about.
&gt; They owned the real estate.

[citation needed]

Evidence of size of landholdings?  Evidence of their pecuniary value versus the pecuniary value of the land in Israel?


&gt; A very "facts on the ground" approach - you're not judging as much by equitable reimbursement of property, dollar for dollar and acre for acre but by finding a practical solution.

Note that the *Israelis expelled the Palestinians first*, a moral aspect your 'dollar for dollar, acre for acre' approach doesn't take into account.  Also note that the value of land in modern Israel is probably more, dollar for dollar, then what the Jews lost in Arab countries.

But if you want a really fair solution, why not a 100% non-approximative house-for-house, acre-for-acre return of everything?  Everyone gets to return home! If you don't like this, the maybe you see that my solution is *better* than a non-approximative perfect restitution.

&gt; Rolling back to 1967 frontiers would lose hundreds of thousands of people in the settlements their homes - not practical at all - not to mention the fascist ethnic cleansing angle.

I disagree. I think that we could roll back to 1967, giving Israeli settlers the option of taking Pal citizenship! No ethnic cleansing at all!

Besides, tough shit. The settlers knew, on an individual level, what they were doing. They moved onto seized land of their individual volition. Forcing a guilty person to move (and compensating them) is different from having troops show up at your front door at 3 am. 

&gt; What's wrong with a two state solution with the borders as they stand now?

Maybe the fact that there are no eff'in borders?  

But seriously, most of the settlements are fairly concentrated. Reasonable near-1967 deals like the Geneva agreement would let the Israelis keep the barest slivers necessary to keep the densest and most populated settlements, in return for fair land swaps. No reason why Israel couldn't keep the big settlements that are a shallow distance in the WB, *and give up an equal amount of equally good land.*

As it stands, the *network* of settlements makes it impossible for Pals to travel.  This network has to be broken.

The Israelis will have to resettle tens not hundreds of thousands. These people will be given money (not MY American money, though). Israel will get to annex a few lumps extending into the West Bank, but not valuable things like the Jordan valley, and not long tendrils that fragment the Pal state.
Seems to me that the charts show that the Israelis are winning....  Would it "look" better for Israel if their death counts were same?
My a-typical mind suggests to me that chart is ***oddly analogous*** to the incarceration rate of African-Americans in the US.

To say they are all *innocent* is would be fooling yourself.

**However,** to say that there are not *egregious injustices* in the administration of justice to this demographic is just as ridiculous.

So what to do???
I've heard of ignorant posts on the internet that are totaly unsupported and make absurd suggestions.
OMG- How did they do all that!!
I completely agree. It is a sad truth that the suicide bombings of the palestinians outweigh the murders committed by the Israelis.

The point I was trying to make was that this situation is extremely complicated, and that is unfair to blame one party.
Yes I know, they don't seem to have the same superiority complex.
Please. Do your reasearch. This is from Wikipedia (not the best source but it puts in in a great simple way.) If you want more information check the sources.

The newly-created United Nations approved the UN Partition Plan (United Nations General Assembly Resolution 181) on November 29, 1947, dividing the country into two states, one Arab and one Jewish. Jerusalem was to be designated an international city – a corpus separatum – administered by the UN to avoid conflict over its status.[52] The Jewish community accepted the plan,[53] but the Arab League and Arab Higher Committee rejected it.[54]
If any of you want to discuss this in a way that isn't hiding behind your computer screen.

CALL ME: 240-353-3919

This is me putting myself out there. I won't try to convince you of anything. I am interested in what you have to say, unfortunately the internet allows people to hide themselves.

I would love to talk.
So it's wrong to ask for confirmation of unsubstantiated rumours? You seem offended.

It's quite believable in any case. I've seen some of the racism expressed by Israelis and it can be murderous. They've easily one of the worst aggressors in the middle east at the moment. Change will take generations.

Now roll out the fucktards who refuse to allow any criticism of Israel at all.
I am impressed that you took the time to do that.  You definitely deserve some upvoting.
Already the title is biased. "The unequal struggle" - what goes in the mind of people that put such a title? Do they think it is better to has a same high casualties on both sides? Or they just stupid.
[deleted]
well yeah but it worked
Interesting to see that the separation barrier does work, and that all parties were heading closer to peace until Hamas &amp; Hezbollah decided to instigate war.
i was almost impressed, but then i realized that there was no point in recreating a relatively clear graph only to make something different less clear.
No, you don't know, because you said "aren't Israeli Jews mostly all European Jews prior to a few decades ago" 

This is false, as the million Jews were expelled from Arab countries in the 40s.

I'd also like you to provide an example of any superiority complex.
mostly means &gt; 1/2 of Jewish Israelis.  

and &gt; 1/2 of Jewish Israelis are Ashkenazis.

Ashkenazis are European.

Look at all the websites devoted to how awesome ashkenazis are.  I can't believe you haven't seen one of them.
But why list them as killed by Israelis?
You were and still are wrong and your backtracking wont change it.

If you can find a link to one i'd be interested to see it.
Who says I'm backtracking?  I just clarified what you couldn't figure out apparently.  If you can't handle that, that's not my problem.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashkenazi_intelligence

http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1132475650155&amp;pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull

I can't find the two websites in particular I was thinking of, I ran across them before but it wasn't with a search.  It might have been a link off giyus.org.  You can look if you want, but the above is what I was talking about.
You asked if Israeli Jews were mostly all European aside from a few decades ago. The answer is no. You linked to one encyclopedia article written by the public and another study done by Gregory Cochran, Jason Hardy and Henry Harpending. None of these are Jewish names, so it certainly wouldn't count as a "superiority complex" 

Giyus.org archives all their links. So if it's there you could find it.
What do you mean? What would make it better?
Thanks, it's an important issue to me, and I was impressed with the data. They seemed to me valid concerns that should be addressed. 

I have the data handy in excel now if anyone wants to see another version of the graph.
&gt; The fact that one of the parties is engaged in an internal civil war does not change the main question - which side is killing more of the other side, and in particular more innocent civilians on the other side.

Your argument makes no sense. On the one hand you say that the civil war is not part of the core data here, and on the other that it causes more civilan deaths and is the more important factor. You say that the important conclusion is that more Is kill Ps than vice-versa and yet seem unable to grasp why it would be unfair to present P on P killings as part of the same column as I on P killings.
&gt; And you keep neglecting the other booboo of the plot - the upscaling of the Israeli casualties using different plot scales.

Simply not true. But according to your argument, any fool could simply read the numbers and figure out the difference since it is clearly labelled after all. Funny that you only recognise presentation as an issue on one side of the graph.
[deleted]
I cannot believe that you are justifying the killing of Palestinians (women and children) by claiming that somehow they want to die.

Your hatred shocks and saddens me.
The "Unknown" portion is quite interesting .. at first blush it seems to indicate that the Israeli's count their dead 'better' than the Palestinians, and this is, itself, even an interesting indicator. 

It really does seem to be clear what the problem is: Makers of weapons are making this war.
&gt;However, you cannot safely assert this to be true. You are not omniscient. Your claims about their internal motivations carry no weight.

If its good for the goose, its good for the gander.  The Jewish Media are as 'claimy' and 'asserty' as the GP in this thread, that is for darn tootin' *SURE* ..
[deleted]
Your issue is with Hamas, they're the ones who said it and do it.

Tell it to these people too http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6166362.stm

And to the little kids who talk about how they want to grow up to be martyrs.
So, to be clear, are you arguing the killing of Palestinian kids is OK?
No, which is why Israel warns before it bombs. In order that civilians and in turn terrorists as well will leave the building being bombed. However then Hamas tells civilians to go onto the roofs of the places being bombed to act as Human shields.

I am not for killing civilians. Hamas is. And they don't hide it either, they say it openly.
Definitely, and Blacks in America too are confined in a certain areas, surrounded by walls and that they are not allowed to leave without proper permission of the army and from time to time the army goes in and kills tens of them just for kicks and to show it strength
And some still ask why Arabs and Muslims are bitter toward the West and Israel. They mostly, the people, only ask for a fair treatment, no favours.
&gt;*vs AK47s and civilians

Errmmm....are you forgetting the rockets?

***You are***

why?
So they're bitter. So why don't they recognise the State of Israel?
You haven't seen the rest of ***nokilli***'s posts, evidently.

http://reddit.com/user/nokilli/

He's a plain antisemite.
You're just an antisemitic twat whom nobody'll take seriously.
What's the 'Jewish Media', sorry?
&gt;*At one point we had a Jew in one of the top three positions in 11 out of 12 of the top news organizations in America, the odds against that alone are in the hundreds of millions*

Why are the odds against that so high? What are your prior expectations?
Search through your posts and one will discover  rubbishy, silly, paranoid, childish antisemtisim.

That's it.
&gt;*All of these men are Jewish*

And? They're all men, they're all white, they're all over a certain age.

You ***choose*** the axis you want to choose because of your antisemitism.
&gt; Funny that you only recognise presentation as an issue on one side of the graph.

On the contrary, I recognize *neither* issue as serious, but I find the scales more deceptive, so I find your ignoring them curious.  *That's* what I'm pointing out - you're obsessing about the lesser of the two opposite but very minor presentation issues.
I can see you can't read. Why bother?
&gt;*there is substantially less violence in Arab counties*

Um...Iraq-Iran war? Iraq currently? Afghanistan currently? Pakistan/Bangladesh? 

Edit: sorry, shouldn't have included Pakistan/Bangladesh.

By way of substitution I'll throw in  Algeria
That's not eugenics, any more than usefully pointing out which groups  get sickle-cell, or Tays-Sachs, is eugenics.

You go away and pretend there aren't any differences; in the meantime, hospitals can get on with treating people, with the useful knowledge of differences.
Fewer.
Most of the Arabs and Muslim countries do. But it seems that it's Israel that doesn't recognize itself. By killing all over the place, she'll end up with the end of the US back up, surrounded only by enemies, I doubt it's a viable option for Israel.
They tried to deport all the Palestinians, they couldn't do it, they tried to kill them all the Palestinians started to defend themselves, so I see only one viable option, the most powerful should stop this foolishness and start real talks, and the most powerful is Israel but Israel won't do it. And this is like signing the future dismantlement of it.
&gt;Most of the Arabs and Muslim countries do

Well, Iran wants to delete Israel. Hamas wants to delete Israel.

&gt;*But it seems that it's Israel that doesn't recognize itself*

You're twisting yourself into a pretzel to make your silly point

&gt;*They tried to deport all the Palestinians, they couldn't do it, they tried to kill them all*

Israel tried to kill all the Palestininas, did it? see, while you and other spout this vile rubbish there'll be no solution.

&gt;*start real talks*

With Hamas? Evil fascist Islamist fuckers who even think that *Rotary Clubs* are part of the 'Zionist Entity'.

Yeah, i'd talk to them, that'd be useful.
No, I choose this axis because of the over one million Muslims we've been made to kill.
Hamas and the like is what you get when you push human to it's limits. And I think it's not the worse, worse is coming in the future, all Arabs and Muslims are still not filled with total hate, but when that day comes...
&gt;*but when that day comes...*

You didn't finish your threat.
&gt;*over one million Muslims we've been made to kill*

I'm sorry, I have ***no*** idea what you're talking about. Who's killed over a million Muslims?
Please, coming from the guy that hangs with people who think jewish holocaust was caused by psychiatrists..
"palestinians" are not an ethnicity, dumbass
See also UNSC resolution 242 and Sinai.
You would have if three hundred years ago they had anti-tank missiles and sniper rifles
It was.
It was designed to prevent "palestinian" political influence through suicide bombing, not Israeli military control.
You better book you a ticket into IFA very soon then.
Exactly. 

It’s not so much to prevent rocket fire, bombing, sniping and other forms of murderous terrorism, but more to make it one-way.
Irish Football Association?  Righty'o..
my humble thankls
No, the freezone
Um, no, that's not what I said. The wall exists to prevent arabs from harming Israeli civilian population, not to enable Israel to harm arabs. 

This morning Hamas set up an ambush and killed three soldiers. So far the retaliation's body count is on 15 people. The fence has nothing to do with it.
Heh.  I prefer footy.
fence, you say

EDIT: but it happens to serve both purposes, no?
[fail](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semitic)
I think that the high Palestinian on Palestinian death count probably has to do with the recent power struggle between Fatah and Hamas, but I'm not certain.  

The most compelling thing to me is the huge decline in Israeli deaths over time. Not that this will make a difference to an Israeli absolutist - it's the same thing as trying to convince an older person here that crime in the US has declined over the last forty years . These people have accumulated a lifetime of memories of hearing about events, and the human mind retains an imprint of events, but it retains almost nothing about the rate at which events occur.
where does it do that?
Yah, well it only has much of an effect in the '07 bar.  Look, if it really bothers you, make a new graph with the data, removing numbers related to internal violence, and voila! - it's still Palestinians - around 15, Israel - around 380.
Sure we do - which is also why I know that the huge amount of Palestinian on Palestinian violence in '07 is due to the Fatah - Hamas power struggle.  

Take away '07 or include it, there are still a lot more Palestinians killed by Israelis than the other way around.  I'm not saying that there weren't legitimate reasons for this - for instance, it would be a bad sign for civilization if a chart showed that policemen and civilians had achieved parity in killing each other.  However, I'm making the point here that you're going after the wrong thing.
According to those numbers - those rockets aren't working very well.  Or, the clowns firing them just aren't doing it right (which I'm thankful for, btw).
True the US supports Israel but that doesn't prove the Israelis have killed millions of Palestinians.

Obama (reddit's messiah) was overflowing with love for Israel last night.  No mention on reddit.
&gt;*Or, the clowns firing them just aren't doing it right*

Sounds right.
Whatever - the point is that the Israeli defence forces have accidentally killed more civilians than the terrorists have deliberately killed - by a huge huge margin.
And the Allies killed more civilians than did Germany and Japan, in WW2.

And your conclusion from that fact is what?
Thank You So Much !!

And the truth sits undistorted, finally, before our eyes.  It's a MUCH different reality, isn't it?
I'm sure your opinion is the minority opinion on this, somewhere in the range of 1% to 2%.  For 98% to 99% of us the corrected graphs are greatly appreciated.
I've actually seen this first hand.  Yes, it's true.
I see.  By juxtaposing something that Israel has done - starting wars - with some things that Israel has clearly NOT done, then ridiculing ALL of them you attempt to make it seem ridiculous that Israel could have ever done ANY of them.

This is the kind of trick that could fool a few simple-minded people, certainly, but anyone with two thirds of a rational mind sees through such an elementary trick very easily.

The only reason I even bother to explain it is that you are sufficiently simple-minded to employ such a silly trick in the first place, thinking that nobody could possibly comprehend the lie that you think you've cleverly laid before everyone.
The prisoners of Gaza are no more to blame for their shortages of food, fuel, water and necessities of life than were the prisoners of Auschwitz.

Shame on you.
Well, if the Israeli stormtroopers would walk away from the prison gates and let the prisoners of Gaza freely fend for themselves on the land upon which they have lived for millenia then the Palestinians would be able to continue to thrive for millenia-to-come.
But not every people is imprisoned in a concentration camp with Israeli guards.  Even the people imprisoned in Auschwitz did not have to endure air strikes, demolition of homes and the ridicule of many Jews throughout the world.
How so?
Well, let's have Israelis killed by Israelis added to the chart, then !
That's an ill-informed judgment.  I see nokilli as being against oppression, racism, war crimes, murder, kidnapping and genocide.  I don't see that nokilli is guilty of racism in any of his comments.
There are web sites where they proclaim that they are Jewish and where they BRAG about this.  Surely THOSE people are not anti-semite when they do that !

If the fact that many Jews hold many powerful positions in the media can be mentioned by people who are proud of this fact then it logically, it can be mentioned by people who are NOT HAPPY of this fact, and neither should be accused of being racist.
Regardless of what others do, squandering your own credibility does not help your case.
Mentioning the facts is appropriate. Making assertions which can be supported only by inference just opens you up to attack. Provide verifiable information to the reasonable but uninformed people you wish to influence, and let them draw their own inferences.
Care to elaborate?
[deleted]
What?  I thought you were "interested."  When did this turn into me trying to prove this to you?  Do your own search on "ashkenazi superiority" you lazy fuck.
And then Israel went and took most of the land handed to the Arabs anyway.  Thieves, liars, and terrorists on both sides.  No question.
&gt; Evidence of size of landholdings? Evidence of their pecuniary value versus the pecuniary value of the land in Israel?

Just the wiki links: [1](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/941518.html) [2](http://www.jcpa.org/JCPA/Templates/ShowPage.asp?DRIT=3&amp;DBID=1&amp;LNGID=1&amp;TMID=111&amp;FID=253&amp;PID=0&amp;IID=2091&amp;TTL=The_Palestinian_Refugee_Issue:__Rhetoric_vs._Reality) [3](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1195127517604&amp;pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull) 

&gt; Also note that the value of land in modern Israel is probably more, dollar for dollar, then what the Jews lost in Arab countries.

Having a successful country even by Western standards sitting on top of the land might have something to do with that, no?

&gt; Note that the Israelis expelled the Palestinians first, a moral aspect your 'dollar for dollar, acre for acre' approach doesn't take into account.

Only after the Arabs tried to throw the new Israel into the sea. Doesn't that injustice count for anything?

&gt; If you don't like this, the maybe you see that my solution is better than a non-approximative perfect restitution.

I already said as much. 

&gt; I disagree. I think that we could roll back to 1967, giving Israeli settlers the option of taking Pal citizenship! No ethnic cleansing at all!

Actually, that makes a lot of sense. Of course a Palestinian Authority that can protect its Jewish citizens can be trusted to have abandoned the hope to drive Israel into the sea. On the other hand, a PA which does not agree to Jewish citizens on its ground should be kept occupied indefinitely all the while losing more land until the point that trying to throw Israel into the sea is not a good idea sifts through. 

&gt; Besides, tough shit. The settlers knew, on an individual level, what they were doing. They moved onto seized land of their individual volition. Forcing a guilty person to move (and compensating them) is different from having troops show up at your front door at 3 am.

If I didn't know better, I'd read that as an excuse for ethnic cleansing. 

&gt; No reason why Israel couldn't keep the big settlements that are a shallow distance in the WB, and give up an equal amount of equally good land.

I've read a suggestion to give up the "Arab triangle" - a northern area in Israel with a heavy Arabic population. Of course the inhabitants would be aghast at trading Israeli government for what passes for government in the PA but I don't think there is anything inherently wrong with secession. 

&gt; As it stands, the network of settlements makes it impossible for Pals to travel. This network has to be broken.

Well, it would be far easier to get a reasonable solution to that problem without Israel's present security problems. 

At the end of the day, I think you and I could agree on a reasonable agreement. Pretty easy for outsiders to compromise with those guys' land and aspirations. Of course, getting them to want to agree to a reasonable agreement is not the same thing, so it's all going to drag on.
I was interested in what links you were basing this on. None of your links are written by Ashkenazim. You should back up your claims, you can't.

Instead you mod me down when you're proven a liar. Typical
&gt;This is like say that the annihilation of the Indians was a silly error

Excepting the mass killing part. If you want to compare to the U.S. treatment of Native Americans you probably need to look at Sudan or Congo or Indonesia, not Israel.

&gt;that pogroms were a little boo-boo

Again you compare killing scores of thousands civilians to a low lever war.

&gt;The settlements begin less than a year after the 1967 war in which Israel seized the territories.

The PLO formed in 1965 and started terrorism from then. There was Arab anti-Israel terrorism before that.
What? I thought you were "interested." When did this turn into me trying to prove this to you? Do your own search on "ashkenazi superiority" you lazy fuck. 

Typical of what, bigot?

DO YOUR OWN FUCKING SEARCH LAZY SHITHEAD
Typical of a muslim.
pot kettle black
I did a search and haven't found any examples of Ashkenazim claiming superiority. In addition, being an Ashkenazi Jews myself, and having many friends who are also Ashkenazi Jews, I haven't seen any of this supposed superiority.
&gt;Now they didn't 'lose' surface area because the territory was never theirs - they lost their homes and were resettled in Israel.

The land was not theirs because of centuries of discriminatory laws and culture in the Muslim world. But somehow it is OK for Jews to be victims of that.
I didn't say Jew, I said Ashkenazi, you rabid antisemite.

How am I a racist?  For pointing out some SCIENTIFIC STUDIES?  Sheesh, you have another problem, short-guy-chip-on-the-shoulder syndrome.

Go find a Palestinian child to use as a human shield.
No, that wasn't it. Typical of Antisemites and anti Israel posters.
Pointing out scientific studies isn't racist. I don't think the people who did those studies were racist in any way. Saying that Jews are self supremacist based on scientific studies not done by Jews is racism and idiocy.

And you've shown antisemitism in a bunch of your posts.

This phenomenon of Antisemites calling Jews Antisemites is ridiculous and hilarious.It's a shame that you live in such a shut off click of fanatics that you'll never see how much the normal world thinks you're a hilarious fool.

I'm not short either.
Most of them are muslim.  I've been battling them for ages now.  

They are a very violent group here on reddit (well and in the rest of the world).
Benny Morris, the Israeli historian, himself compared the expulsion of the Pals to America's treatment of the Indians - he said it was a good thing, because both acts were necessary for nation building. The 'mass killing' of Indians was mostly the result of disease, not deliberate violence. The analogy is really pretty good.

&gt; The PLO formed in 1965 and started terrorism from then. There was Arab anti-Israel terrorism before that.

There was terrorism on both sides. The expulsion of 600K Arabs was one great act of terrorism. Ariel Sharon's murder of the village of Qibya was an act of terrorism.  

Of course there was Arab terrorism. Jews were coming from abroad to take Pal land. Even people like Ben Gurion said so much.

My point is that attacks fell to a very low level before the annexation of the territories.
Liar!  By knowingly leveling a false claim of antisemitism against me, you have dishonored the memory of all six million Jews who died and gave that charge the weight it deserves.  You have committed a far more egregious offense against Judaism, and in her name no less.

You disgust me, you rabid antisemite, and I want you gone from my sight.  This conversation is over, and in the future I will always link back to this exchange to prove your antisemitism, you bigoted racist scumbag.
No, you're an Antisemite and I have no qualms with calling bigots like you what they are. Nor am I put off by Orwellian Newspeak. 

The charge has a strong weight, which is why when people like you for example use Nazi arguments and a specifically Antisemitic way of thinking it's important to call them out for the scumbags they are. Despite a lot of Anti Israel sentiment being hidden Antisemitism, you have a straight forward and public hatred towards Jews. And use Nazi arguments. As such, you should be embarrassed.

You also have no sense of logic, and your "counter" makes you look like more of a silly fool.

You can go ahead and link to this conversation in the future if you want lol.
&gt; Just the wiki links: 1 2 3 ...

Your links claim that the value of assets is remarkably similar for the two groups: 3.9 billion for Pals vs 6 billion for Jews kicked out of Arab countries. Given that your JCPA site also low-balls the number of refugees at 550K (rather than the more standard UN figure of 700K), I'm inclined it think it might also be low-balling the Pal dollar amount.

Now you have to realize that both sides should have been paying interest for the loss - say 5% real per annum. And the Pals were expelled earlier, so they were gathering interest longer. This might bring even the dubious JCPA figures into alignment.  

But basically even your biased numbers prove that the current value of the land lost is roughly the same for both sides, with at most a $2 billion difference, the amount of 8 months of foreign aid to Israel. 

&gt; If I didn't know better, I'd read that as an excuse for ethnic cleansing.

You do know better, because otherwise you would be saying that Ariel Sharon and the Israeli government are ethnic cleansing fascists for clearing the settlements out in Gaza and Sinai.
I have no hatred whatsoever for anyone except scumbag antisemites like you.  I am pro-Israel and a very serious supporter of the peace process in Israel and stand in solidarity with the 64% of Israelis who want immediate negotiations with Hamas and an end to the conflict.  Unfortunately the warmongering Likud party like you back is the tail wagging the dog.  Why are you anti-Israel and hate Israel and peace?  

Your charges are lies, completely empty and specious, as is typical of scumbag provocatuers like yourself.  You even bring up Godwin's Law by evoking the nazis which is a known shill's technique. 

You are now a known shill, antisemite, and racist, and will always be called out as such for your intentional misuse of the term and the history of the Jewish people, who you purport to represent.

You should be ashamed of yourself, now go off to wrongfully malign the next person innocently voicing dissent, you sick racist antisemite.  You have finally been found out.

And I bet you just LOVE you some Arabs and Muslims, huh?  Let's add bigoted racist to that too.
&gt; Your argument makes no sense. On the one hand you say that the civil war is not part of the core data here, and on the other that it causes more civilan deaths and is the more important factor.

It makes no sense because you are building a straw man, and because you don't want to understand it.  The core of the data is X killing Y. X killing X was a bonus fact awkwardly presented.

OK, fine! It was unfair! Now let's see you whine, simper, whinge, bemoan, and complain that the scales were not the same and overestimated Israeli deaths.  Go on! Start typing!  Let's see 30 posts on the equally Aperger-esque issue of plot scales.
As a typical racist you're projecting. I do in fact have no issues with Muslims and know and am friends with many including Palestinians. I'm also left wing and not a member of Likud. I have a very very low tolerance for bigotry, which is why I'm calling you out.

Though I'm not surprised that you would make up a clay about me and then criticize me for it. Feel free to look through my comments and  share anything you find racist or anti Arab/Muslim. You're not allowed to make anything up though. You'll really have to look.

But again, you're a very silly and weird person.
Do you think I care what a racist antisemite thinks of me?  Do you think anyone does?  

You should take your bigotry a little more seriously.  It's hardly "silly."

I feel sorry for you.  Now shoo.
If you can back up your accusations it would definitely help your future case of calling me a racist. Unlike you I do not have a history of posting Antisemitic remarks. Nor do I have a history of posting racist remarks of any kind.
Unlike you I am not a hateful bigot.
You are the hateful antisemitic bigot here.

More lies, I have absolutely no history whatsoever of posting antisemitic remarks.  You try and make a case for one thing I've said.  Just because something "feels" that way to you, does not make it so.  No "prima facie." 

You, however, must have a long history of making antisemitic remarks.  You obviously use the term like a cudgel, and in doing so over time you've become far more antisemitic yourself.

You should be ashamed, and need sensitivity training.
&gt; The land was not theirs because of centuries of discriminatory laws and culture in the Muslim world. But somehow it is OK for Jews to be victims of that.

That's not what diogames is saying. Maybe you should debate the point with him. He's claiming that the Jews of the Arab countries owned the land fair and square, and he's probably right.

My point is that they lost *land* and *property* but not surface area in the sense of national territory. It was land in Arab countries that they legitimately owned. But you can't do an apples-to-orange comparison of private land to national territory.

&gt; But somehow it is OK for Jews to be victims of that.

Bring out the ole strawman when legitimate debate fails. I already said that you have to consider the 1948 expulsion of Pals and the subsequent pre-1967 expulsion of Jews to be a fair trade, and let that sleeping dog lie.
You don't quite see if you think that was the point.  My comment was in response to The 12th Cylon.  He asked if any one else had heard anecdotes (rumors, gossip) of Israelie military units pretending to be Palestinian civilians who then kill random males.  Cylon says he was inclined to believe this and wanted confirmation from others of this rumor.  So I asked him about other rumors spread about Jews.  The point is that it's quite easy to start rumors and if one is inclined to believe the worst about Jews and/or Israelis then there's almost no limint to what will be believed with no evidence.

Do you really think Israel has serial killer units mixing among the Palestinians?
Oh right, I forgot.  Those lives aren't worth counting.
&gt;My point is that they lost land and property but not surface area in the sense of national territory. 

And since the Muslims discriminated against them for centuries they should be allowed to continue to discriminate, right?

&gt;But you can't do an apples-to-orange comparison of private land to national territory.

OK. So tell me how the Palestinians lost their national territory. I am interested in this concept. 

&gt;I already said that you have to consider the 1948 expulsion of Pals and the subsequent pre-1967 expulsion of Jews to be a fair trade, and let that sleeping dog lie.

With some minor changes, I agree. Hamas does not though.
&gt;The 'mass killing' of Indians was mostly the result of disease, not deliberate violence. 

The initial Great Die Off was due to disease, but there are also hundreds of years of deliberate mass killings involved. There was a long term explicit move to starve Native Americans and to kill women and children. The analogy does not actually work. 

&gt;The expulsion of 600K Arabs was one great act of terrorism. 

How about the expulsion of 850K Jews? How about the scores of millions of refugees created 1945-1950? Somehow only the Arabs kept people in camps.

&gt;Jews were coming from abroad to take Pal land.

Pal land? 

&gt;My point is that attacks fell to a very low level before the annexation of the territories.

It fluctuated, but it was continuous so it is hard to blame it on the settlements.
&gt; OK. So tell me how the Palestinians lost their national territory. I am interested in this concept.

Well, to start with the UN partitioned Palestine in 1948, giving half the land to the Pals. There's your legal case right there  - the same law that gave birth to Israel.

On a moral level, post-WWI the Wilsonian principle of self-determination was to give locals their independence. It was applied to post-Austro-Hungarian Europe, but not to post-Ottoman Arab lands.  And the post-WWII process of de-colonization gave each native population the land upon which it lived. The Pals, by definition, were simply *all* those who lived in Palestine (but would not necessarily allow for waves of new immigration).
That's a pretty damning accusation also.
Good thing you ran away, antisemite.
&gt; The initial Great Die Off was due to disease, but there are also hundreds of years of deliberate mass killings involved. There was a long term explicit move to starve Native Americans and to kill women and children. The analogy does not actually work

[Benny Morris, in an interview with Ari Shavit, originally published in Ha'aretz](http://www.counterpunch.org/shavit01162004.html)

&gt; [Morris] calls the conflict between Israelis and Arabs a struggle between civilization and barbarism, and suggests an analogy frequently drawn by Palestinians, though from the other side of the Winchester: *"Even the great American democracy could not have been created without the annihilation of the Indians."*

&gt;That's nice and clear. Now one can find fault with the analogy, as did one outraged reader of Ha'aretz, who suggested that the annihilation of the Indians was the prototype for American imperialism, not the precondition for American democracy. But such arguments are almost beside the point. Morris's chilling candor effectively removes him from the realm of rational argument, and hauls Sharon's fascist vision of a Greater Israel out into the light of day. There's no point in saying, "You're talking about ethnic cleansing!" for Morris says bluntly, *"There are circumstances in history that justify ethnic cleansing."*

The story of the clearing of the Indians was one of occasional massacres and massive transfers. This is exactly what happened to the Pals.

&gt; How about the expulsion of 850K Jews? 

That's also terrorism (or at least terror-izing, depending on the methods)



&gt;&gt;Jews were coming from abroad to take Pal land.

&gt;Pal land?

Yup. Just like Indian land was Indian land. The land under the feet of the native population.  Don't take my word for it. Listen to Ben Gurion:

&gt; "Why should the Arabs make peace? If I was an Arab leader I would never make terms with Israel. That is natural: *we have taken their country.* Sure God promised it to us, but what does that matter to them? Our God is not theirs. We come from Israel, but two thousand years ago, and what is that to them? There has been antisemitism, the Nazis, Hitler, Auschwitz, but was that their fault? They only see one thing: we have come here and stolen their country. Why should they accept that?" --- quoted in `The Jewish Paradox : A personal memoir (1978) by Nahum Goldmann (translated by Steve Cox), p. 99`

So why don't you ask Ben Gurion what he meant by "We have taken *their* country*"?
&gt;*Who's killed over a million Muslims*
Nah, I had class, unlike you I don't sped all day hating on Jews.

I was going to post more of his bigotry on here so people could see it. It looks like he deleted his account instead.

Basically, don't expect to hate on Ashkenazis as a whole, and then say you're not an antisemite, it's ridiculous. Especially when all your posts are hating on various Jewish things.
&gt;Well, to start with the UN partitioned Palestine in 1948, giving half the land to the Pals. There's your legal case right there - the same law that gave birth to Israel.

A decision that the Palestinians/Arab did not accept. They went to war instead and lost that war. So the question now is how to end that war. 

&gt;On a moral level, post-WWI the Wilsonian principle of self-determination was to give locals their independence. 

That is an issue, but certainly not the only one. Nor has this worked all that well in practice: the Arab Israel  conflict is actually one of the less deadly results of that principle. Then there is the whole question of who is a local given the dramatic changes in population of the area in question, but in the long and recent past. Both the Arab and Jewish population significantly increased from 1850 on, mostly by emigration for both sides. Arafat, the great example, was Egyptian. 

&gt;And the post-WWII process of de-colonization gave each native population the land upon which it lived. 

And so what about the Jews, long displaced and restricted by the Turkish Empire. Anything for them?
Dipshit - it's right next to it, on the right showing all the Israelis killed.  

What's the matter with you?
&gt; A decision that the Palestinians/Arab did not accept. 

*Shrug*. It is still the closest thing to a legally binding decision. And Ben Gurion didn't want to accept the decision either - it was a temporary convenience while waiting to grab more. The Israelis accepted it, but not in good faith. Unless Ben Gurion is a liar, that is. 

&gt; "The acceptance of partition does not commit us to renounce Transjordan: one does not demand from anybody to give up his vision. We shall accept a state in the boundaries fixed today, but the boundaries of Zionist aspirations are the concern of the Jewish people and no external factor will be able to limit them." --- `Speech in 1937, accepting a British proposal for partition of Palestine which created a potential Jewish majority state, as quoted in New Outlook (April 1977)`

You wrote:

&gt; Arafat, the great example, was Egyptian.

From [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yasser_Arafat#Early_life)

&gt; Yasser Arafat was born in Cairo to Palestinian parents.[1][5] His father, Abdel Raouf al-Qudwa al-Husseini, was a *Gazan*; his mother – Yasser's paternal grandmother – was Egyptian.  His mother, Zahwa Abul Saud, was from a Jerusalem family, but she died  ....

So you aren't really telling the truth here, are you? Arafat was 3/4 Palestinian.

&gt; Then there is the whole question of who is a local given the dramatic changes in population of the area in question, but in the long and recent past. Both the Arab and Jewish population significantly increased from 1850 on

Again, you're being [less than honest here](http://www.israelipalestinianprocon.org/populationpalestine.html). Pre-WWI the population was less than 8% Jewish. The Pal growth from that time is fairly easily explained with normal population growth.

&gt; And so what about the Jews, long displaced and restricted by the Turkish Empire. Anything for them?

Sure, absolutely, if it can be done without injuring anyone else! But would they want to move, absent a mass expulsion?
Who the hell is he?  Who are you talking about?

I never hated on anything Jewish, or Ashkenazis, I *remarked* how some had a superiority complex.  That is not antisemitic to say, it's an observation on the personal racism of a slice of them.  It's the same thing as observing a certain group of whites in general think whites are superior.  If somehow that's racist against whites, you've condemned the entire field of sociology.

But I don't expect a childish antisemite like you to comprehend this, or be logical.  Go back to wasting your dad's money at your crappy state school.
&gt; I recognize neither issue as serious

Then you contradict your previous posts. Information design is an established field of study focussing precisely on this kind of thing - the fact that it is clearly not in your knowledge domain doesn't make it trivial or 'asperger-esque'.

&gt; I find the scales more deceptive, so I find your ignoring them curious

I wonder why you keep repeating this lie - dull trolling maybe?
&gt;&gt; I recognize neither issue as serious

&gt;Then you contradict your previous posts. 

Really? Where do I call either issue (the different scales, or the Pal-on-Pal casualties) being a serious (in absolute terms) impediment to the validity of the plot? 

&gt;&gt; I find the scales more deceptive, so I find your ignoring them curious

&gt; I wonder why you keep repeating this lie - dull trolling maybe?

Really? How many posts do you devote to bemoaning the unequal scales? How many do you devote to the Pal-on-Pal casualties?

In a quick look at your posting history, I just counted you bitching 9 times about the P-on-P issue, but conceding the unequal scales just once. That's my point right there.
&gt;&gt;Yasser Arafat was born in Cairo to Palestinian parents.[1][5] His father, Abdel Raouf al-Qudwa al-Husseini, was a Gazan; his mother – Yasser's paternal grandmother – was Egyptian. His mother, Zahwa Abul Saud, was from a Jerusalem family, but she died ....

&gt;So you aren't really telling the truth here, are you? Arafat was 3/4 Palestinian.

Yet when Arafat turned to terrorism Gaza was controlled by Egypt and Jerusalem was controlled by Jordan (which banned all Jews from visiting). So if those are his Palestinian roots why attack Israel?
&gt; Yet when Arafat turned to terrorism Gaza was controlled by Egypt and Jerusalem was controlled by Jordan (which banned all Jews from visiting). So if those are his Palestinian roots why attack Israel?

Gaza was illegally controlled by Egypt and the WB was illegally controlled by Jordan, because they illegally seized them in 1948, just like Israel illegally seized the bit in excess of the 55% they were granted.  Here, 'legality' means 'UN Mandate'.

But you're changing the subject away from your previous lie that Arafat was not Palestinian to a side issue of who controlled the bits of Palestine from which his family heralded. This is just a straw man. Arafat was born of Gaza and Jerusalem. He is 75% Palestinian. You lied.
And you based this supposed superiority complex on articles written by non Jews saying Ahkenazim are smart. You still haven't backed it up with anything.

You're also changing your statement again. You never said anything about a "slice"of people you said it about all of them.

You started by saying "aren't Israeli Jews mostly all European Jews prior to a few decades ago"

This is factually wrong, I then corrected you, that half were Mizrahi. You responded that Mizrahim "don't seem to have the same superiority complex" and went on claiming that Ashkenazim have a "superiority complex" which, as usual, you were unable to back up in any way.

Oh, and for those who don't know, here's some of the fucked up anti semitic shit you've said. 

“I was gonna say "at least he joined the military, unlike everyone else in his community" but oh well.If anyone is unaware, Jews are the most under-represented group in the armed forces, but the most over-represented group in the government.”


“Provoked by Israeli Jewish militants”

“His two wives are Jewish, right?” 


“Aklah: The Jewish Children's Indoctrination Website."

(The website http://www.akhlah.com/)


“This woman looks Jewish” –on why someone supports Clinton 

“Jews wear the strangest things.” 

He's even more racist on Digg.
Oh, so SAYING "Jew" is racist/antisemitic?

None of that *prima facie* evidence is racist or antisemitic in any way shape or form, but you are really solidifying your crying wolf antisemtism.  You are an offensive rabid antisemitic embarrassment.  

And as for digg, I've never made an even remotely antisemitic comment.  How do you know who I am there, hmm?  Are you one of the ziontologists who insults Jews every time you open your mouths?

Look, you're making a valiant attempt to try and find something to make your knowingly false claim of racism/antisemitism stick, but there isn't one.  Give it up.

Meanwhile, the fact remains you've proven your own self a rabid antisemite and racist many times over in this conversation.  I bet you're anti-Israel as well.  You need to take a good hard look at yourself and think about when you eschewed morality and ethics.  Perhaps your father is like this.  You don't have to be like him.  Turn it around, kid, I know you can do it.
Saying Jew is not anti semitic. Saying Jew in a negative way to defame all Jewish people is. And you know that in the real world, people don't put up with your racist ideologies one bit. Perhaps that's why you spend hours upon hours posting negative things about Jews and Israel on Reddit and Digg.

And it's very very obvious who you are on Digg.

If you can substantiate caling me a racist I'd love to see it. Feel free to look through my posts, and see if there's anything remotely racist. 

P.S. You're also very silly.
I've never said Jew in a negative way to defame all Jewish people, EVER.  You HAVE.

You are very very paranoid because all these people and the "real world" you keep talking about only exist in your own mind.  The fact is, America, American Jews, and the world does not support your racist Likudnik ideology, which is anti-Israel and pro-war.  You hide behind your anonymity like all the other ziontologists because you know that's all that protects you.  If you don't, then what is your name, address, and phone number, and who are you on digg?

I'm serious though, you can turn all this around, and stop being such a terrible person.  Stand in solidarity with the majority of Israelis and ask for peace, or else go do your IOF service you cowardly chickenhawk.
Yes you have, I linked to it. 

"You HAVE." Link/quote? Example?

I'm not Likudnik btw. But you're not one to deal in facts, only mindless insults.

Also, please link/quote any posts of mine which are in any way anti peace.
No I haven't.  What you linked was not defamatory in any way, shape, or form.  I'm sure you're quite used to making *prima facie* claims of antisemitism, which is why YOU are an antisemite, as I explained, which is true whether you want to admit it or not.

You are very very paranoid because all these people and the "real world" you keep talking about only exist in your own mind. The fact is, America, American Jews, and the world does not support your racist Likudnik ideology, which is anti-Israel and pro-war. You hide behind your anonymity like all the other ziontologists because you know that's all that protects you. If you don't, then what is your name, address, and phone number, and who are you on digg?
I already proved you wrong, don't need to copy and paste. Still waiting for you to back up any of your allegations.
You proved me wrong?  About what?

No I repeated what you cowardly ignored.  I'm waiting for you to respond to that.
I responded to everything in your post. You have no backed up any of your allegations. Perhaps ever. Certainly not now. Feel free to do so when you're looking to not be another mindless hateful fool.

I don't give out my own or anyone else's personal information to certifiably insane idiots/bigots like you.
[deleted]
Hah!  And your digg name I see you include with "personal information?"  This seals it.  Now you're resorting to the classic Ziontologist sanity smear.  Your troupe is so predictable.

Run along, anti-Israel rabid antisemite.  You have been 0wned, once again.
Please provide an example of ownage on your part, or an example of anything you've claimed.

If you were as smart as me, you'd be able to figure it out neocognitism.
Sociopaths confuse cowardice with cleverness.  That said, don't kid yourself for a second that you're smarter than I am.

But here, this is what you should be doing:

http://www.mahal-idf-volunteers.org/apply/apply.htm

Your digg name?
As I said, if you were as smart as me you'd be able to figure it out.

While I would love to live in Israel some day(a large percentage of orthodox Jews spend at least a year in Israel) I'm very happy in America at the moment. Perhaps at a later time I will.
How are you smart for figuring out I'm neocognitism?  Seriously, do you think I was hiding?  I thought it was common knowledge.  You are very strange.

I think you are a coward and a hypocrite for not telling me your digg name.  You are afraid of me knowing, I see.  0wned again, huh kid?

So you're a Leiberman booster.  It figures.  You're certainly not from Williamsberg.
You're right, I'm not from Williamsburg, perhaps by the process of elimination you will find out my personal details. I am also not a supporter of Leiberman. But again, your attacks for the sake of attacking with no basis are not surprising, and are typical. I'm an Obama supporter. I'm also part of Gush Shalom. Unfortunately you confuse being against the bigotry of people like you, with being right wing. Sad, but again, typical.

You're gonna have to try and earn the rest.

P.S. "How do you know who I am there" :'-(
I honestly don't care, I'm only pursuing this because of your hypocrisy.

Also, I just don't trust anything you say.  So far on digg, every Ziontologist I've managed to get an answer out of, says they are athiests, or agnostic, save one who just says he is generically "Jewish."  Blatant lies.

Never has anyone said they are Orthodox, which you allude to.  End of exercise.

But seriously, I don't really care.  You seem to make a big deal out of deducing the obvious between my digg and reddit accounts like I was hiding, so I'm calling you out as a hypocrite for hiding yourself.

You say you're for peace, Obama, etc, then show it.  Start talking that way.
Link to an example of hypocrisy?

I am not an atheist, I am a conservative(sect) Jew. But I spent 11 years studying in both Orthodox and Ultra Orthodox Yeshivas.

Please see my pro peace posts on Reddit. Thanks
&gt;You seem to make a big deal out of deducing the obvious between my digg and reddit accounts like I was hiding, so I'm calling you out as a hypocrite for hiding yourself.

pro-peace means negotiations with Hamas.
In fact, here are some peace songs.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2FPJAOsB0U

Next Year

Next year we'll sit on the porch and count migrating birds Children on vacation will play tag Between the house and the fields. You will see you will see how good it will be next year. Red grapes will ripen by the evening And will be served chilled at the table And languid winds carry to the crossroads Old newspapers and a cloud Next year We will spread out our hands Towards the radiant light. A white heron Like a light will spread her wings And within them the sun will rise.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxuldB9mXi0

Song of Peace

Let the sun rise light up the morning The purest of prayers will not bring us back

He whose candle was snuffed out and was buried in the dust bitter crying won't wake him up and won't bring him back

Nobody will bring us back from a dead and darkened pit here, neither the victory cheer nor songs of praise will help

So just sing a song for peace don't whisper a prayer Just sing a song for peace in a loud shout

Allow the sun to penetrate through the flowers don't look back let go of those departed

Lift your eyes with hope not through the rifles' sights sing a song for love and not for wars

Don't say the day will come bring on that day - because it is not a dream - and in all the city squares cheer only for peace!

http://vids.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&amp;VideoID=26589917

It Will be Good

I look out the window, it makes me very sad, spring is past, gone away, who knows when it might return?

The clown has become a king, the prophet become a clown, and I’ve forgotten the way, but I am still here,

and good will come. Good will come, yeah, sometimes I’m crushed, and this night, oh, this night, I will stay with you.

Children put on wings, and fly off to the army. After two years, they return without an answer.

People live in tension, search for a reason to breathe, between hatred and murder, they talk about peace.

And good will come...

There, up in the sky, clouds learn how to fly, and I look up, and see a hijacked plane.

Governments and generals divide for us the vista, what’s theirs and what’s ours. When will we see the end?

We will yet learn to live together between groves of olive trees, children will live without fear, without borders, without bunkers.

On graves grass will grow; for the sake of peace and love, one hundred years of the sword, but we’ve not yet, not yet lost hope.

And good will come...

Here comes the prince of Egypt, oh how I rejoiced to meet him! Pyramids were in (our) eyes, and peace in his pipe.

And we said, come, let's complete (it), and live as brothers; then he said, forward! just go out from the territories!

And good will come...

I look out my window to see if all this truth of mine, looking out the window, and mumbling my prayer.

The wolf will yet live with the lamb, and the leopard lie down with the kid, but in the meantime, do not remove your hand from the palm of mine.

And good will come,

good will come, yeah.

I look out my window, perhaps a new day is here.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5C2LJE2SYfE

Strawberries

The coldness in your garden against the warmth of my garden the bunker to your left against the artillery shell in my hand your grenade is not fruit and it's ready in your hand here, they are each ready in my rifle magazine.

Chorus: The light goes up from the east, a new day has arrived. The two of us will overcome the terror Strawberries, strawberries, come we'll buy only strawberries Instead of other war-machines.

You blocked the bed with many sandbags, and on your head is the helmet from the bunker on the left You wished that my soul'd be bound forever, here, they are each ready in my rifle magazine.

Chorus: The light goes up from the east, a new day has arrived. The two of us will overcome the terror Strawberries, strawberries, come we'll buy only strawberries Instead of other war-machines.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXB0QJSlZ_U

Everyone Talks About Peace

Everyone talks about peace No one talks about justice What’s one man’s heaven, is another man’s hell (How many fingers are on the trigger? (x2 ?How long will the storm rage ?How long a person live like a dog The face slides on the razor’s edge The fingers caress the sword Sometimes life brings me to my knees No one’s guarding the gates There are no signs from above I see people living out Dreams and hopes I see people living out Nothing but tricks and schemes Some people ask questions that have no answers Others are just full of nothing …But complaints and demands, but …Everyone talks about peace ,So we remain alone, talking to the wall There’s no one to talk to .If we’d realize that we’re one We’d see how it’s all connected .When your property burns Your soul will burn If you don’t rush to save yourself ,We murdered the land And we murdered the soul We’ve got almost no air left to breather And the world Is in constant motion It spins and returns to the same spot -What goes up Must come down ?How can we take things in moderation …Everyone talks about peace And there are people Who try to take ownership over God And there are those who struggle And kick and scratch ?How many of us are really listening Everyone’s talking about peace …Talking about peace ,Everyone has the same dream ,On a mountain In a valley We keep on talking, and talking about – peace But peace is not possible without justice

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wI_PMwe78TQ

Peace Will Come Upon Us

Peace will come upon us Peace will come upon us Peace will come upon us and on everyone.

Salaam ('peace' in Arabic) On us and on everyone Salaam, Salaam
I doubt it.  You just think they're muslim for having different views than you over the whole Palestine/Israel thing.  In all likelihood, they're mostly liberals with European ancestry.

I'm betting most real muslims (at least the arabic speaking ones) are reading arabic websites.  If you really want to battle them, go there instead.

Personally, I was surprised when I saw how much anarchists were against Israeli policy when I started reading anarchist news sites. I highly doubt it's because muslims have infiltrated anarchist organizations, but it's because anarchists are against many of those policies for ideological reasons.
When the day comes..let me guess. The Arabs are going to invade Israel? Who Syria? Their generals can be bought on the whim? The Saudis? It is in their best interest that Israel continues to exist, the existence of Israel prevents Iran from expanding even further than it already has.
You've been told before about your harassment.  I've had to report you for breach of reddiquette.
that's kinda how it goes. Just gotta find a way out, anyway.

Summary:
where does it do that?
I am not for killing civilians.
But, but, I like them both!
You don't have to be like him.
The graph says it all.
You can look if you want, but the above is what I was talking about.
I think it has to do with Israel being a country, while there is no Palestine.
&gt; Talk, then, about PEOPLE.
I didn't say it 'shows' them.
Right side = Israelis killed by Palestinians

2.
The chart shows the types of people who have been killed in the conflict not the types of people who have killed others in the conflict.
Looks like more Palestinians are killed by internal fighting than by Israelis.
How am I a racist?
One Israelis is being imprisoned by Palestinians.
&gt; people are just seeing lots of Pals killed by Israelis and fewer Israelis killed by Pals.
"How do you know who I am there" :'-(
The point of this posting is not about the scaling on the chart.
That's my point right there.
I don't think the people who did those studies were racist in any way.
I didn't need you to point it out.
And good will come,

good will come, yeah.
You don't quite see if you think that was the point.
That's what the plot is saying.
Just like Indian land was Indian land.
I would love to talk.
They called it "A country without a people for a people without a country."
i see it as a graph.
The palestinian 1,000 line is above the israeli one.
Hamas wants to delete Israel.
I can see you can't read.
You want to move the Pal-on-Pal to the right to show that Pals are killing each other.
did you even look at the graph.
did you see the chart?
If the Israelis gave up their weapons, there would be no Israel.
It should fall under Palestinians killed by Palestinians.
Left side = Palestinians killed by anyone

?
The scales favor the israeli side after all.
But I have yet to find one legally civilian Palestinian.
You were the one that wanted to argue.
&gt; The plot is meant to show that in the battle between the two sides, Israelis kill a lot more.
True the US supports Israel but that doesn't prove the Israelis have killed millions of Palestinians.
&gt; If the Palestinians gave up their weapons, there would be no war.
You are afraid of me knowing, I see.
&gt; Your argument makes no sense.
The problem is you are making assumptions before reading the chart -- that all Palestinians are killed by Israelis, but that isn't the case.
the saying was:
If the Palestinians gave up their weapons, there would be no war.
I already said as much.
Yes you have, I linked to it.
But why list them as killed by Israelis?
just go out from the territories!
I was going to post more of his bigotry on here so people could see it.
Seems to me that the charts show that the Israelis are winning....  Would it "look" better for Israel if their death counts were same?
Arabs expelled most Jews from their lands.
The plot is meant to show that in the battle between the two sides, Israelis kill a lot more.
You try and make a case for one thing I've said.
Why is it "Iraelis killed by Palestinians" and "Palestinians killed by Israel"?
Right, and it was theirs to give because there was no one living in Palestine.
What would make it better?
&gt; People aren't as stupid as you think they are.
You say Jews are evil.
This is the way that Israel wants to refer to them.
This doesn't mean that Israeli soldiers never deliberately kill Palestinian civilians.
The point of the plot is showing who is victimizing whom, not who is victimizing themselves.
However, I'm making the point here that you're going after the wrong thing.
Yeah I didn't think you could.
But it seems that it's Israel that doesn't recognize itself.
&gt; The British gave Israel to the jewish people after WW2.
The Israelis have killed *way* more Pals in 2007 than vise versa.
what we need to do is have more israelis killed, then it would all be great, right satx?
"what we need to do is have more israelis killed, then it would all be great, right satx?"
and &gt; 1/2 of Jewish Israelis are Ashkenazis.
There's no point in saying, "You're talking about ethnic cleansing!"
Also, I just don't trust anything you say.
Seriously, do you think I was hiding?
They are as 'disputed' as Israel itself.
I think all this graph is showing is that Israel is being heavy handed with their attacks.
Less than half of Israeli Jews are Ashkenazi.
Your issue is with Hamas, they're the ones who said it and do it.
So tell me how the Palestinians lost their national territory.
&gt; You do understand that in the last year the 
numbers are almost even?
no but you know they haven't killed millions.
&gt; I think they are just plain foolish on the part of Israel.
There was terrorism on both sides.
Is there a graph that compares Israeli suicide bombers with Palestinian suicide bombers?
And your digg name I see you include with "personal information?"
Your argument makes no sense.
I think his arguments are invalid.
I said it **highlights** them.
I thought you were "interested."
The Arabs are going to invade Israel?
Wait, you're saying very few Israelis are European?
But that's not what the plot is meant to show.
Note the exceptional number of people killed on both sides by *civilians* and then try to tell me the Israelis aren't terrorists as well.
Why does internal fighting fall under palestinians killed by Israel?
I bet you're anti-Israel as well.
that answer: almost every jew in Israel was a refugee at one point.
So if those are his Palestinian roots why attack Israel?
&gt; Gaza isn't an occupied territory.
Maybe we can then start using it for when the U.S. or Israel kills people with bombs too, which is of course the majority of the time.
But seriously, I don't really care.
You should back up your claims, you can't.
The graphs simply do not compare like with like so you cannot compare them with each other.
If you can find a link to one i'd be interested to see it.
mostly means &gt; 1/2 of Jewish Israelis.
&gt; have the meaning that people are assigning to it.
I can't believe you haven't seen one of them.
The British gave Israel to the jewish people after WW2.
"The British gave Israel to the jewish people after WW2."
It isn't a country though.
You can't be a racist cause you love Palestinians.
The point is that the Israelis have caused far more deaths to Palestinians than vice versa.
That is an issue, but certainly not the only one.
&gt; This infographic doesn't hide a thing.
People aren't as stupid as you think they are.
You still haven't backed it up with anything.
Who's killed over a million Muslims?
I actually like the term "homicide bomber".
&gt; Looks like the IDF is doing what it is supposed to do: protect the citizens of Israel.
So why don't they recognise the State of Israel?
Yes I know, they don't seem to have the same superiority complex.
Jews were coming from abroad to take Pal land.
He just doesn't *see* the settlements.
I do in fact have no issues with Muslims and know and am friends with many including Palestinians.
Just look at the comments to this post for evidence of that - people are just seeing lots of Pals killed by Israelis and fewer Israelis killed by Pals.
So what are we comparing in these two charts?
You do understand that in the last year the numbers are almost even?
That is because arabs are semites.
The civilians are killed in the crossfires of the battles between Palestinian militants and the Israeli army.
Hating a person who is a Palestinian or a muslim or an arab or a jew AND who murders, kidnaps, or oppresses is GOOD!
The Palestinians know that Israel will respond harshly to an attack on their civilians.
You are the hateful antisemitic bigot here.
Israeli Jews are on par with the Arabs.
You will see you will see how good it will be next year.
And you know that in the real world, people don't put up with your racist ideologies one bit.
*The settlements are an ongoing military attack against the Palestinians*.
It was land in Arab countries that they legitimately owned.
It looks like he deleted his account instead.
Thats not how an argument works.
Bright blue or not, this is what the plot says.
No, you're an Antisemite and I have no qualms with calling bigots like you what they are.
You say you're for peace, Obama, etc, then show it.
A filthy Semite is a filthy Semite.
I thought we called the land that was under the control of either Hamas or the Palestinian National Authority "Palestine" at this point.
If Israel wants to fully annex the territories I'm all for it.
You're not allowed to make anything up though.
Even people like Ben Gurion said so much.
Saying Jew in a negative way to defame all Jewish people is.
It just isn't arranged the way you would like it to be.
You wouldn't mind, would you.
&gt; Of course it shows them, otherwise I couldn't have commented on it!
And you aren't as smart as you think you are.
There was Arab anti-Israel terrorism before that.
So if it's there you could find it.
The basic story is that a lot more Pals have been killed by Israelis than Israelis killed by Pals, with wild fluctuations from year to year.
How have they given up "a lot" of "their" land?
It doesn't surprise me that you would favor a one state solution.
The talmud says so right?
The targets of course are Muslims.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 2.96
