Original Response:
Let's face it. The church isn't going to give up its power.  But his speech signals that at least we can count on the church to stop allowing pedophiles to be priests.
The Pope smokes dope!
What his speech actually signals is that the Catholic church will just get better at *hiding* child raping clergy.

Religion is for suckers.
"Very badly handled"?

It was "handled" EXACTLY how the "Church" treats evil: by condemning it in public, but practicing it in secret.

All these losers who actually think they have a direct line to a deity...they are psychopathic...and billions of people accept it.  Opiate of the masses indeed.

Bill Maher said it best:

"How can a group of people get away with this?  VOLUME VOLUME VOLUME!"
I disagree. They are losing hundreds of millions.  New strategies to hide the rape of children by the clergy, if found out, would cripple the church.

I think they will purge the pedophiles to retain the money and power. After all, money and power are the reasons the church exists.
I guess only time will tell.
With luck, I'll be right, and at the same time, the church will continue to lose money, power, authority.
The pope can kiss my ass!
Idea for a statistical study:

Have a variety of young-looking but legal guys proposition 1000 priests and find out what the real rate is.
[deleted]
&gt; I disagree. They are losing hundreds of millions. New strategies to hide the rape of children by the clergy, if found out, would cripple the church.

Because that certainly stopped them *last* time.

And don't underestimate the Catholic church - just because the trendy, educated West is increasingly increasingly disillusioned with them it doesn't mean most of the rest of the world is - they still represent millions or billions of humans, and they still have more wealth than some countries.

It's kind of like how redditors are generally dismissive of Microsoft... but never forget that though they aren't cool or enlightened they're still an 800lb gorilla, they still have billions in the bank and they still own the mindshare of a significant portion of the relevant population.

I'm not saying it's *good* that this is the case... merely that it *is* the case. &lt;:-/
We are the richest country in the world, they cannot lose our support.

Your logic that because they didn't stop it before, they wont' now, is really weak.

The church is a business, and this pope is the most business savvy of all popes in our lifetime.
Kids need to be told not to trust priests or any other adult. There's no more pedos than there ever were, its just than the church can no longer cover up the truth. Its that reality the church can't deal with.
&gt; We are the richest country in the world, they cannot lose our support.

And although the paedophilia scandal has weakened the church slightly, it's hardly mortally wounded it.

&gt; Your logic that because they didn't stop it before, they wont' now, is really weak.

Pronounced trends are "weak"?

Paedophilia isn't a modern problem - it's existed since the beginning of time.  The church has turned a blind eye to paedophile priests all that time, because their *primary* motivation is to protect their reputation, not to protect children.

Instead of just calling my arguments "weak", how about you offer some of your own?
What you call "Pronounced trends" are past trends. Do you have any evidence that it continues?

You are making assumptions about the church and its primary motivation since the beginning of time without a scintilla of proof.

You are the one claiming special knowledge of something that you say is happening. It is therefore your obligation to provided evidence.

In science, no one can provide proof of a negative.

This remains your obligation, and I'm surprised you didn't know that.
&gt;Benedict addressed clerical molesters in the wider context of secularism and the over-sexualization of America. 

What ? Isn't this true ? Was USA or Europe swarmed with porn 100 years ago ? Or the church people live on some other planet.
It never ceases to amaze me that the Pope isn't widely regarded as one of the most evil people on the planet (after Dubya, of course), and as the head of the world's most evil entity.

Even that fuckjob Bush hasn't done as much total damage as the catholic church.
He should know, he wrote the [manual](http://www.worldseye.net/download.aspx).
[deleted]
[deleted]
All we need to know is that the Vatican is the last vestige of Fascism on the map of Europe AND still officially condemns freedom of speech and conscience, and the idea that governments rest upon the consent of the governed. Read the Condemned Propositions sometime.
&gt;"Very badly handled"?

&gt; It was "handled" EXACTLY how the "Church" treats evil:

No, it became publicly known.  That's what Mr. Ratzinger condemns.
Specially since this one even looks evil
http://aftermathnews.files.wordpress.com/2007/11/pope_benedict_xvi-evil.jpg
Yup
He is a sith master..

http://www.unsoughtinput.com/index.php/2006/12/27/pope-benedict-or-emperor-palpatine/
ah, well, see the true face of church. any church that is. let's face it: any dogmatic beliefs will always produce fanatics etc. good to know christians are no different.
True enough.
More failure of leadership and passing the buck.
good to know christians are no different? what's that supposed to mean?
very easy: the christian church seems to be in conflict (or being compared if you prefer) with other religions, the most popular recently being islam. now, the point is that ANY religion that is dogma-driven, i.e. tells people what to think, just sucks!
Why not blame the molesting priests?
I think you're confusing the Catholic church and Christianity in general with fundamentalist, American Evangelicals.
i truly am in this case. but my point was supposed to be universal. "ANY religion...", see? a religion creates a church where believers maintain the religion and so on. there's no escape from the circle. people who are being told what to do or what to think stop thinking themselves after some time. that's dangerous... ain't it?
in that case you are correct. but you were talking about christianity being in conflict with other religions, which i don't think to be true in case of the Catholic church. the Pope even praised America for its "pluralistic" society, which I took to be diversity of beliefs and cultures. but i'm not terribly knowledgeable on the subject.

also, your description of the inescapable circle religion creates is no different than, say, the mainstream media in the US. each tells the listeners what to believe and what to think about, what to think is important, and the listeners stop thinking for themselves. just a random thought i had.
&gt; What you call "Pronounced trends" are past trends. Do you have any evidence that it continues?

A trend in behaviour is basically that behaviour happening repeatedly over and over again.

If a trend *exists* then the default position is for it to continue... otherwise it wouldn't be a trend.

You're right that all these events are in the past - that's because *we can't see the future*.

Given the church's *history* of protecting paedophiles, the *default* behaviour is for them to continue, and the inherent lying/misrepresentation that protecting paedophiles required means their word is also no good.

So we have a definite historical trend, and the only evidence that it won't continue is the word of an organisation which has *already empirically proven* itself to be untrustworthy.

I'd say at this point it's up to you to show the first bit of reliable evidence that they *won't* continue as before.

&gt; You are making assumptions about the church and its primary motivation since the beginning of time without a scintilla of proof.

Actually I've got a historical trend of them acting in a certain way, and I'm simply expecting that behaviour to continue.  *You're* the one positing a *change* in behaviour, and you haven't offered a single good reason why.

And as regards how motivated they are to protect children vs. how motivated they are to protect their reputation... the fact they covered up the massive abuse of thousands of children for so long again *empirically proves* that their most important impulse was to protect their reputation, not the kids.

Again, this may *change* in the future, but the default position is to expect the trend to continue.

&gt; You are the one claiming special knowledge of something that you say is happening.

Again, no I'm not.  I simply said they won't *definitely* stop because they never have *up* to now.

You're the one positing a change in behaviour, not me, so the onus is on you to show evidence that the church (an organisation that we know *for a fact* has already repeatedly misrepresented its actions and sheltered paedophiles at the direct expense of children's safety) is trustworthy.
Same problem that Abu Ghraib had.
If you're a pre-pubescent boy, he just might!
Hmm.  Pope looks strangely like The Brain... is that Pinky on his left?
Oh man, now that you have pointed it out it is so clear!
It's very bad for kids to be raised with that attitude. It leads to: 

* bitter young adults... 

* young men who don't know how to bond with other men, 

* and generally people who don't know how to go out and make for themselves opportunities in life; instead, they wait for opportunties to fall into their lap.

People don't have to be afraid of their neighbors. And children should be raised in a community where people greet eachother on the street warmly.
"And children should be raised in a community where people greet eachother on the street warmly."

While yakking on their cellphones? Communities are dying a quick death across the West as self-absorption and self-gratification become the norm.
Windynights... adults are responsible for children's upbringing. Children can be taught to either be affectionate or cynical towards adults. That attitude will carry over into their adulthood. If they become young men, they will have learned to hate themselves - because they were taught as kids about how bad men are when they start to feel affection for someone. Whatever gender they are, these fledgling adults will distrust their neighbors. And when everybody has this attitude, the sum of everybody's mistrust creates a seedy atmosphere in a neighborhood. 

I abhor this trend in the usa of the "stranger danger" idea. It's just so absurd. Adults need to understand that their children can learn discretion... that they can think and reason, and respond wisely based on the situation. And the more opportunities children have with adults they have not met before, the better they will be able to take care of themselves in those kinds of situations. I have an aquaintance who has a cat and this woman is deathly scared to let the cat out of the house, because she would get run over on the highway nearby. And that's a real concern. But why is it a real concern? Because the cat has never been out of the house before. In the same way, people who overprotect children are making them more vulnerable, rather than safer.
&gt;the point is that ANY religion that is dogma-driven, i.e. tells people what to think, just sucks!

You seem to misunderstand the point of all religions in general, and the Catholic Church specifically. All religions are about finding and understanding the truth. The Church's "dogmas" (that word has such a bad connotation) are simply statements that it regards as truth. How can you define truth without dogmas and doctrines? 

We should be looking at the "dogmas" that the Church holds, and evaluate them on a factual, scientific, philosophical, ethical, and historical basis to decide if there is merit behind them, and not generalize about all religions.
Pastafaria blames a power structure that uses ignorance and religion to get away with murder.

Different strokes, eh Popey?
&gt; All religions are about finding and understanding the truth. 

Going to have to call bullshit on that one.
Blame the secular for calling you on the child rape and the media for PUBLICISNG it???

At least we don't fuck children padre.
"Very badly handled" due to shaky old-man hands.
The catholic church has no power over unbelievers.  Let catholics cover their own ass.
There Rumsfeld did the logical thing, to ban the [camera phones](http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2004/05/23/1085250873479.html).

Summary:
The catholic church has no power over unbelievers.
tells people what to think, just sucks!
but you were talking about christianity being in conflict with other religions, which i don't think to be true in case of the Catholic church.
good to know christians are no different.
good to know christians are no different?
&gt; All religions are about finding and understanding the truth.
people who are being told what to do or what to think stop thinking themselves after some time.
The church isn't going to give up its power.
Do you have any evidence that it continues?
All religions are about finding and understanding the truth.
&gt; Your logic that because they didn't stop it before, they wont' now, is really weak.
You seem to misunderstand the point of all religions in general, and the Catholic Church specifically.
&gt; You are making assumptions about the church and its primary motivation since the beginning of time without a scintilla of proof.
You are making assumptions about the church and its primary motivation since the beginning of time without a scintilla of proof.
Your logic that because they didn't stop it before, they wont' now, is really weak.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
