Original Response:
[deleted]
wow.. no weakness is weakness.. she enjoys it..
daymn....i just keep thinking...14 is the age of consent in Canada... wonder what it is in India.. really curious....is EVERYTHING tiny? is she elastic? i know..a bit crude...but can you honestly say your not a bit curious?
The article doesn't mention a life expectancy or any health problems she might have. Anyone have any info on this?
Really nice story - especially how the community is treating her as normally as possible.
I'd hit it.
Those Indian babies look like geniuses who hover around and move things with their brains
OH my gosh, I want one!
So that is what the Indian govt has been up too...
Looks like a spy for the underpants gnomes if you ask me. I say we kill her.
Have a seat over there...
It has been foretold than some clumsy oaf will step on her during her 19th year.

Also, who's the funny bastard who gave her a backpack she could live in?
&gt;"Jyoti is treated like a mini-celebrity in her home town"


Nice, I wonder if that was intentional.
Now, hold on guys. I think we can still beat this "smallest ever" claim.

Do they count the height of the life support equipment if you just happen to be, say, a head?
by sending 'gurus' over to bless her -_-
I wonder though, if she's... capable of other umm... you know, as she gets older, how she'll develop sexually and all that.

Just curious...
Why, are you thinking she'd be the perfect match for a micropenis?
...with a croquet mallet
Can I ask that without implying I am interested in pedophilia yet get a straight answer?
wow... these toys are becoming more real everyday,,,
...in the little bench.
&gt;Despite this, she goes to a regular school in Nagpur, central India, where she has her own small desk and chair, and her classmates treat her like any other student.

Yeah that's why in the photograph half the kids are just staring at her.
I figured you'd wait till she was a little bigge.. er, older.
Me too... well... Once she's 18.
Man, I wonder what your movie collection looks like.
[deleted]
Oh, once she's *18*, well that changes everything!
i bet she's going to be adopted as a toy for brangelina's children...
Full interview w/ girl: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yu_moia-oVI
[deleted]
"Despite this, she goes to a regular school in Nagpur, central India, where she has her own small desk and chair, and her classmates treat her like any other student."

Uh huh. How likely is that? Kids are kids. In other words, kids are dicks. I'm sure she's gotten more than her fair share of ridicule.
i want to put her in my shirt pocket and feed her m&amp;m's
[deleted]
I was expecting an Indian TV piece on this, but actually it's a British TV one.
Check out her rucksack!  I'm assuming that somebody carries it for her (though it must be handy if she needs to get out of the rain).
[deleted]
Small girl is smaaaallllllll!
She's just tall enough to.....

Nevermind.
Funny, but there really is an interview on there.  Shes taller than you think.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXb6bjCCtuY
you mean she is a hobbit?
Every other day I read an article about India where some kid who is different is celebrated or even worshiped.

I wish that we would import such attitudes to our western society in the same way that we export Paris Hilton and Coca Cola.
Hey it's Little Superstar's wife! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx-NLPH8JeM
Would her age have to do with it?
[deleted]
Yeah, I was just wondering if maybe her head might fully develop a little more like the others in that picture you posted.

I have no idea, I know literally next to nothing about the subject. :)
but but butt she looks over 18!
&gt; her classmates treat her like any other student.

ORLY?
Holy cute- and she looks normal, just small.
&gt;Intelligence and life span are usually normal, although compression of the spinal cord and/or upper airway obstruction increases the risk of death in infancy.

http://www.geneclinics.org/profiles/achondroplasia/details.html
Punch your ankle?
She could get some sweet upskirt shots.
Maybe. But I'd also suspect there are a lot of people that would stick up for her. Like someone mentioned, she probably has someone carry her backpack for her. That person/people could easily double as a sort of bully-guard, assuaging people from ridiculing her.
I would always be sneaking her into movies without paying for her ticket.
Ok the visual of her scrambling into the rucksack to get out of the rain is just too adorable.  I love gnomes!
Heavy metal poisoning FTW!
All the really cool stuff happens in India.
Awww, what a cute little story.
Kids in India may not be kids in another country...
"different."  nice way to say nightmarishly deformed.
Ounces??
I agree with phybere. I reckon kids over here (I'm in England but I think it applies to the US as well) behave more dickishly than kids in some other places. And its all to do with the Paris Hilton and Coca Cola culture adolfojp mentions.
A great case for the argument that age isn't such a great way to determine sexual availability in the law.
Too old.
They take rupees.  Your U.S. dollars are no good there.
I bet she's tight, too.
Nah. I'm Indian and I can tell you that kids in India can be dicks too.
I'm placing a dollar on a bet here. We'll see if it comes true.
i'd hit it
Wow, thanks, that's definitely a surprise.
Midget jokes are just too short of making my list of funny things.
[Oh?](http://image.bayimg.com/eajdkaabf.jpg)
I aint no Pedal Fellar
me too :D
This is pretty much the main thought I had while reading it.   What is it about Western culture as opposed to the subcontinent where a person like this girl is treated with actual respect while over here the best she could hope for is life as a famous curiousity?  Is our culture really that conformist despite it's 'individualistic' pretentions that it can't really accept a person like this?  Is it the medicalization of her condition that somehow makes her a different class of person- simply a defective person?  Is it the neverending competitiveness combined with soulless materialism that just doesn't allow a person like this to rise above their unusual trait?  Would like to hear what people think..
I am ;)
You're just jealous cos gurus never bless you.
I don't mind them, but they never quite stand up to the level of other jokes.
It's okay, all you have to do is cut some bushes down and you'll have enough rupees in no time...
Shit son, just kill one of those bouncing skulls with a light arrow and you've got fifty.
She'll have a friggin hard time getting into nightclubs when she's an adult.
Not all school systems make secondary school years be a destructive period.
First time the music stopped I thought Ablobe Flush was stalled and/or buffering again.
Why don't you have a seat over here?
You'll probably have to worry about physical compatibility problems, though.
you need help.
Since when has 'cos' been acceptable in written *anything*. I'm out of touch.
I'd let her hold it gently. She'd make it look *huge*.
Since "because" is a long word and I use it so much; I've been using "cos" in written form online since 1995 and I'm not stopping now!
If I'm forced into short-hand I stick to 'cuz'. I probably shouldn't judge.
Problems?  that's the whole point.  geesh.
To get close enough to how I say it, it would be "coz" but I don't like the look of that and "'cause" is too long to justify the abbreviation.

It's kinda weird cos I use a lot of strange abbreviations and then write everything else normally.

 * Going to = gonna
 * Kind of = kinda
 * Because = cos
 * Should have = shoulda

So yea, language is cool like that cos I can get away with it :P
ya nasty...
[MOAR PICS](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2008-04/08/content_7937715.htm)
Why don't you have a seat over here?
Nevermind Jyoti, it's [her sister](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2008-04/08/xinsrc_21204050809128121059316.jpg) who is jailbait. ;-)
If you seriously expect to be able to get it in, you must be pretty small then. ;-P
This combo-pun-thread came up a bit short.
naw, i think i could handle her myself... if of course it was legal in the country it took place and totally voluntary... why do you think i would need help? Are you one of those sickos that trolls the net trying to get jobs for your mercenary band of kidnappers? i don't want anything to do with that kinda stuff
i retract my last statement and interject a new one: 

You need to be euthanized.
There would be more if we could get this on the front page...there's a tiny chance.

Summary:
I say we kill her.
I bet she's tight, too.
Would her age have to do with it?
I'm Indian and I can tell you that kids in India can be dicks too.
Would like to hear what people think..
Man, I wonder what your movie collection looks like.
OH my gosh, I want one!
Shes taller than you think.
&gt; her classmates treat her like any other student.
Why don't you have a seat over here?
I'm placing a dollar on a bet here.
Oh, once she's *18*, well that changes everything!
I wonder though, if she's... capable of other umm... you know, as she gets older, how she'll develop sexually and all that.
Funny, but there really is an interview on there.
Holy cute- and she looks normal, just small.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
