Original Response:
if you're going out, you should try to take as many as possible with you
*Hydrogen sulfide gas is colorless and characterized by an odor similar to that of rotten eggs.*

The last way I want to die is the one where it's just like having your nose shoved up a skunk's ass who been force fed Taco Bell for the past week.

Edit: Dying like this seems sort of humiliating. Maybe they are doing this as a final 'FU' to their family? I know the Japanese have a big thing with honor, and if you die shamefully it stains your family for generations. That's why it's honorable if your method is seppuku.

PS I have no actual knowledge of Japanese culture, so I may just be talking out my ass.  Please correct me if you think I'm wrong :P
Sadly, I've sickened dozen by gasses emitted while I was in the bathroom too. Hey, I wasn't feeling very well ok?
go out with a bang
I don't know anything about it either, but what the hell, this is the internet.

STFU your WRONG!!1.
Where's that link to make the headline a shirt when you need it?
Pfft. Shitty reporting. Most web sites (apart from some scary church of satan all humans should kill themselves NOW sites) about suicide don't advocate killing yourself unless you have good reason and even then they exist how to do it painlessly because the government/health authorities won't tell you.

They encourage suicide about as much as an STD clinic encourages underage sex.
H2S is actually very poisonous, and it tires the receptors in the nose very quickly, to the point where you cannot smell it at all. It's comparable in toxicity to hydrogen cyanide, famously used in the gas chambers in WWII.
&gt; The last way I want to die is the one where it's just like having your nose shoved up a skunk's ass who been force fed Taco Bell for the past week.

LOL :)
Ugh, what a stink that must leave. Whatever happened to good ol' carbon monoxide? Colorless, odorless, knocks you out before it kills you. Take a few sleeping pills, shut the garage, turn on the engine and say your last goodnight. Well, that's the way I would, if I were going to.
The whole honor thing is a stereotype...A 14year old girl won't be worried about how she will be "dishonoring" her family by committing suicide.
You're not familiar with the whole "suicide club" thing in Japan, huh.
Untrue, most japanese tv shows involve falling into a pit of mud if you fail.  Then they talk about the humiliation and how disgraceful it was that they failed.
&gt;Japan's government has long battled to contain the country's alarmingly high suicide rate. A total of 32,155 people killed themselves in 2006, giving the country the ninth highest rate in the world, according to the government.

Only 9th? Who's number 1?  Seattle?

edit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suicide_rates
If that happened in America, it wouldn't be suicide. It would be terrorism.

...and I'm not really sure how I feel about that.
Interesting how Eastern European countries top the list while South American rates are incredibly low.
I'll just downmod you.  Correcting the above would be too hard.
So mixing laundry detergent and cleanser creates orderless invisible gas that can kill. Not only does that sound cool but it sounds like terrorism. 
Terrorism = cool?
I watched the scene in [Soylent Green (1973)](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070723/) in which Edward G. Robinson's character commits suicide at a comfortable state run facility and thought it was far fetched.  Hell, what was I thinking?  People kill themselves in the real world with no prompting at all.  The ultimate down mod of our society.
I doubt they all encourage suicide. From what I hear they are supportive and only give you advice if YOU want to die. I think has to face the fact many people do not enjoy life, want off the ride and forcing them to live it is cruel.

There is nothing wrong in giving people advice on how to do something they have already decided to do that does not directly harm anybody else. The only thing wrong this girl did was make others sick with the gas, which was rather careless.
They're clubs of people that commit suicide. It's somewhat of a cultural phenomenon and not like what you're thinking they're like.
I have read many of these groups english sides. They seem to be exactly what I think they are like.

How many of these clubs have you visited and chatted in?
Dunno, haven't counted. But a group of people all talking about killing themselves *en masse* hardly seems like a group "discouraging suicide".

Carry on.
they don't discourage or encourage it, they just tell you what to do if you ask. It's like the doctor telling you how to use a condom. Your the one that actually does the deed and it is YOUR choice to use one or not, not societies.

Whats wrong with that? Are you saying the people who commit suicide aren't capable of choosing for themselves what they want? Suicidal people are just people. They have every right to make whatever choices about their lives they can. To be honest, whats so bad about suicide anyway? We're all going to die eventually and there is no afterlife so it's not like they can regret it later - the world is overpopulated and a shit place to live anyway. The immoral thing is society forcing it morals onto individuals when it has no right to do so. Every one is entitled to life AND death, by virtue of existence.

Stop pretending people aren't responsible for their own actions.
Huh?

Wow, that was quite a bit of response that had little to do with what I said.
It had everything to do with what you said.

Education is one thing, goading people into suicide is another.

These people want to die - telling them how to do it painlessly is the most moral thing we can do. That doesn't mean we are encouraging them.

Makes me a little confused. Killing yourself at home = bad, but joining the army to kill others and likely kill yourself for oil = good?
Again, the suicide clubs with which I am familiar are not what you're talking about.

Dunno what brought the army thing into it, but okay.
I'm talking about sites like alt.holiday.

What are you using?

Summary:
Suicidal people are just people.
They're clubs of people that commit suicide.
Hell, what was I thinking?
I doubt they all encourage suicide.
Again, the suicide clubs with which I am familiar are not what you're talking about.
They seem to be exactly what I think they are like.
These people want to die - telling them how to do it painlessly is the most moral thing we can do.
You're not familiar with the whole "suicide club" thing in Japan, huh.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
