Original Response:
Weren't they trying to kill all the jews in the 30's-40's?

Is there any race we won't try this on?
to answer your question no.
They were living with Jews, before foreign Jews start fucking things up.
[deleted]
Hahaha, leave it to "JewishPropaganda," that one light which beams through the darkness of the mainstream media, to headline his post with a quote that is not only misleading, but a *known fabrication.* It was invented by Ilan Pappé, allegedly in some sort of letter Ben Gurion wrote to his son, and then repeated by Johann Hari in this (and a previous) article, after apparently not bothering to fact check. 

Lovely. Perhaps we should focus on the real problems that Gaza has, like [Hamas firing on trucks delivering fuel to Gaza hospitals?](http://www.allheadlinenews.com/articles/7010774707)
&gt; Johann Hari in this (and a previous) article, after apparently not bothering to fact check.

http://neilclark66.blogspot.com/2006/03/who-needs-facts-when-your-name-is.html

Amazing to me that such a lazy self-absorbed fuckwit is writing for newspapers. But it is the Indie, what can you expect?
What fucked things up is that Arab tribal leaders imagined they were owed the whole of the former Ottoman empire, on the back of a promise that a British Army colonel made to them...
Israel just want war, they are just waiting the right moment. And it seems very near. This week theres been so much war talking and preparation by US that its scary. Abbas just returned from meeting Bush and said that he failed and the Peace Talks are not going...Becouse they (and i must add islam too and christians) believe in a religion where theres and rapture and apocalypse, and a stupid desire of implementing geopolitic policies based in fictional prophecies... They are prepared mentally, religiusly and military to make this happen and is about time. Geopolitically, Israel has the momentum, Bush admin is in place to strike and support a israeli attack on Hezbulla and Iran (using aibases in Iraq) and Hamas. I dont know why i got downmoded, hehe must be some "jew conspyracy" (sarcastic) hehehe, nah just some bunch of ignorants. Israel wants war becouse they really fear islam, and they fear a world order where all nations has a said in UN where they are obligued to restore to 1967 territories and help create a palestinian state. Plus israelis are a higly military society without a constitution and racist and with houndreds of nukes.
This war is going to mess so much with middle east oil distribution and production that americans are gonna wish they invented the nuclear powered car. This is about two things, Hegemony (by destroying Iran power) and maybe the crazy religius think they can bring the end of times as propheced... No Jesus or Mahdi will be there in the end to fix the world, the survivors are gonna have to deal with the destruction.
&gt;She has provided the one lonely spot in the Middle East where gay people are not hounded and hanged, and where women can approach equality.

[orly](http://www.abc.net.au/rn/backgroundbriefing/stories/2008/2211143.htm)?
As oppose to it belonging to Brits and/or the Jews?

And yes it does belong to the Arabs seeing how they lived there for 1000's of years.

Your argument is utter nonsense.
holy shit you italicized "known fabrication". It must be true.
Come on, JewishPropaganda, even you can do better than that. Give me something I can use.
If the Israelis "just want war," why did they give back the Sinai in exchange for lasting peace with Egypt?
And I get modded down for pointing out that the quote is a lie. I suppose that if JewishPropaganda had just written "All Jews eat babies" and self-linked, Redditors would still buy it.
Because they had to. Otherwise Egypt would fund and arm the Palestinians.
That's weak. Plenty of other countries are funding and arming the Palestinians, including Russia and China. Egypt is just a drop in the bucket. Besides, Egypt had its own foreign policy interests in the Levant independent of Gaza or the West Bank. 

Israel gave back the Sinai for one reason: they did not want war with Egypt. At all.
&gt;why did they give back the Sinai in exchange for lasting peace with Egypt?

Master americans ordered. You dont want Suez Canal compromised, ask Rokefeller.

&gt;funding and arming the Palestinians, including Russia and China.

If this countries would be funding palestinians for sirious, corporate media would be crying it all aloud.

&gt;Egypt had its own foreign policy interests in the Levant independent of Gaza or the West Bank.

Egipt does as masters americans tells. Thats what 2 billon dollars a year buys to you. If it wasnt for the 5 billion US gifts to Israel each year, they would have leveled all Lebanan in 2006.

&gt;Israel gave back the Sinai for one reason: they did not want war with Egypt.

You really believe Israelies want peace, are you sure you havent been brainwashed?
Egypt shares a border with Palestine. Whether China/Russia would arm/fund them is irrelevant. Egypt is more like the bucket.

What matters is the vital necessity of Egypt to Israel's objective.

But you are right they dont want war with Egypt among other things.
Oh yes. Redditors especially hate informed factual news articles that refute their cherished myths - so they try to vote it out of existence. But post some hateful crap about the JOOS - sorry, ISRAEL - and you get 18 karma points! Such an incentive.
Dude, listen to yourself. Everything you said is a generality. Anyone who has spent even the smallest amount of time independently studying Middle East geopolitics understands, at the most basic level, that things are much more complex than "Master America" commanding Israel to do its bidding. Zionist or anti-Zionist, to claim that America calls and Israel simply follows reflects some very poor knowledge of the situation.
 

Ask yourself this question: why would Israel want perpetual war? To conquer surrounding Arab nations that would never submit to their government? To occupy land in Gaza and the West Bank that has no oil, no arable land, and people who despise them? And if the Israelis are genocidal or practicing ethnic cleansing, why is the Palestinian birthrate *increasing*? 

Religion? Definitely not. The majority of the IDF is secular. Just because they're Jews does not mean they're religious, and just because they're religious doesn't mean they're politically impractical. They want to do their service and get the hell out, just like any other soldiers. The idea of perpetually occupying foreign soil in order to bring about an apocalypse does not mesh well with getting a job and starting a family.

So please, tell me some reasons why the Israelis are a bunch of hateful warmongers who want to occupy everything, because I certainly can't think of any.

Summary:
Israel gave back the Sinai for one reason: they did not want war with Egypt.
Ask yourself this question: why would Israel want perpetual war?
If the Israelis "just want war," why did they give back the Sinai in exchange for lasting peace with Egypt?
&gt;Israel gave back the Sinai for one reason: they did not want war with Egypt.
But you are right they dont want war with Egypt among other things.
Egypt is more like the bucket.
Otherwise Egypt would fund and arm the Palestinians.
Israel just want war, they are just waiting the right moment.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
