Original Response:
Someone needs a dictionary...
"Lethal" means "killer".

It means he likes it.
This guy is just like Nixon was. They both are handed fairly legitimate reports on MJ basicallly stating  "it's not that bad, really". What do they do? Throw the report away, bury it, burn it, and then make the laws against MJ more strict because legalizing MJ would "send a bad message to our kids". Give me a fucking break. Those kids know more about MJ than you do and know that you sir, are full of shit.
This Brown chap sounds like a bit of a fuckwit. &lt;/obvious&gt;
So, Brown is proving no less of a stooge than the muppet who had the job before him then?
Doesn't it have to possess the ability to kill someone before it can be considered lethal?
What a lying, exaggerating son-of-a-cunt. If it was OK for Brown to use it when he was young, then it's OK for us to use it too! It certainly didn't affect him - the arsehole made it as a Prime Minister!
im sure someone choked on it at some point?
What an ignorant fool.
He is. I suspect it's a deliberate ploy to get all of the planned unpopular legislation through. They recently removed the lowest tax band which will only affect poor people.

Brown is unelectable, there is no way he could win a UK general election. They have nothing to lose by having him harmed by unpopular policies. And with the goldfish-like memories of the UK public his successor will not be burdened by these policies.
It's in the job description...
This is so sad.  America's drug policy is invading the world and taking away our right to our own thoughts and interests.  

McKenna put it best:  "If the words 'life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness' don't include the right to experiment with your own consciousness, then the Declaration of Independence isn't worth the hemp it was written on."
Someone should secret some food stuffs to the next catered event.  Let him eat cake!!
How much for an ounce of "the Lethal"?
Dunno, but if you find out where to get it, let me know.
I would love some lethal quality cannabis... please god, PLEASE!!
in related news, prince Charles' penis banned in UK.
But they didnt die, they just wondered wtf put a penis in their beer.
Lethal? Source?
Lethal? Of course, lethal cannabis is a fact. You ever get some nasty dirt weed and you'll swear you're gonna cough up your lungs.

I feel quite certain that such an event would be lethal.

Dr. Fah Queue,
DEA Tester.
&gt;Brown has received a report from The Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD) on cannabis and will decide soon whether to upgrade it to Class B from a Class C, although a decision is not expected this week.
&gt;
&gt;Newspapers have predicted that Brown will reclassify the drug even though the council has reportedly advised the government to keep cannabis in Class C.

Why the fuck does he have the power to change the law singlehandedly?
Is this guy high or something?
:)
look at this side of the pond.

blow will get you to president.
I don't think Blair can be called a stooge. He was almost up to Thatcher levels of dictatorship.
He doesn't. It needs an act of parliament, but if his party doesn't rebel on the issue they'll vote it through.
And you wonder why his numbers have crashed? It is his Scottish puritan streak doing this, against the advice of the ACMD. Since cannabis was regraded as a class-C, user numbers (contrary to what the Daily Mail would have you believe) have fallen. There is then no logic in this expected move on Brown's part.

As to lethal. What a joke. Number of deaths due to cannabis overdose: 0. Number of drink related deaths: too many to quantify. Has anybody found a lethal dose at all BTW? 22Lb of chocolate will kill you, but grass?
Someone should secrete a kick to his balls.
I know, they should seriously leave Micheal Jordon alone.  He's a respected athelete for Pete's sake!
I doubt you'll survive if a 16t supply drops on your head.
Wow, he is smoking good shit.
When are these idiots going to realize that stronger marijuana means it takes less to get a person high? So smoking stronger marijuana is healthier than smoking weak stuff. If it only takes 2 hits of the strong stuff and it takes 6 hits of the weak stuff, which is better to smoke?
"Lethal"? I don't think they're doing it right...
&gt;22Lb of chocolate will kill you

Just how did they figure that out? Doesn't sound like that bad a way to go, just sayin'...
No surprise - it's rare to find a politician without somebody else's hand up their ass.
I knew it! The cops steal our weed and then the Prime Minister smokes for free. This is bullshit, man!
This is what you bastards get for getting rid of PM Saxon.
Let's stop the bullshit, the misinformation and the persecution of plants and humans alike.  Get out this Saturday and protest the idiocracy.  May 3rd is the Million Marijuana March taking place in many cities.

Here is your reference. Now go and make some noise people (peacefully).  We have a say in this.
http://www.globalmarijuanamarch.org/
yes, 
but the guy suffers from a Presbyterian upbringing
anything enjoyable is a sin, and trusting adults to look after themselves can't be allowed as they're inviting damnation upon themselves
How is he running the country if he's unelectable? Sorry if this is an ignorant question. I'm not incredibly knowledgeable on the British political system. I know the head of the elected majority party becomes PM. Is Brown just PM because Blair resigned? 

Do PMs have terms? When will the next general election be?
now, BraveSirRobin, I've seen your posts and often feel you fight the good fight, but the trouble with UK politics is that the majority of Labour policies are marginally less unpleasant than those the Tories would introduce.
They are both vile in their illiberalism and inability to understand that they should butt the fuck out of people's personal lives, but until we have PR introduced we're going to be stuck with reactionary tabloid politics.  
Every one I know smoked dope when it was Class B and didn't smoke more when it became class C, and will continue as they did before when they change it again.  
Once it comes to issues of personal morality, only the feeble minded care what the government decides the law should be
It's a bit convoluted. We don't vote for the executive (the Prime Minister and his Cabinet) directly in the U.K.; we vote for the legislature, and whatever party gets the most seats in Parliament forms the executive with its leader in the House of Commons taking the post of Prime Minister. In the case of Gordon Brown, Tony Blair resigned, and Gordon Brown won the Labour leadership election (only members of the Labour party could take part in that) and so, as leader of the Labour Party in the House of Commons, became Prime Minister.

As there is no election for Prime Minister, PMs don't have terms. We have Parliamentatry General Elections which have to be called every 5 years or less, but within that time frame the executive can choose when exactly to do it. Given that Gordon isn't really predicted to be electable especially given the personal power of his chief opponent, David Cameron, it's unlikely that he'll do anything but wait until the last possible moment at the end of 2010 to call a General Election, unfortunately.
even using a bucket bong you can't kill yourself with it
you can have the most unpleasant whitey, but there's a lesson in that for you
He was talking about Magic Johnson, moran.
Ah yes, comrade Brown, the supreme leader. Unelected, unpopular recipient of a poisoned chalice handed to him by the disgraced former leader Blair.

Private Eye always have a satirical column about the current prime minister, and [this](http://www.private-eye.co.uk/sections.php?section_link=pm_decree&amp;) one says it all really.
The vaporizer can turn even the nastiest of ditchweed into a pleasant experience.
Is Brown referring to the contaminated weed we've been seeing over here in Europe during the last year? Some bastards have been bumping up the weight of grass by adding glass.

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/england/devon/6319541.stm

The best way to get rid of shit like this? Legalize it and sell  it under controlled conditions.
Chocolate has a chemical that increases heart rate. Giving a small dog a bar of regular chocolate can actually kill it.
to be fair, skunk is too strong for regular continual consumption. It drove me mad when that was all I smoked, so I stopped smoking skunk all the time, and went back to normal weed.
Looking back, it was almost like I was an adult taking an informed decision to alter my self-destructive tendencies.  We couldn't possibly have a government that regarded its voters with that level of competence to make decisions for themselves.  It would be anarchy
The lethal effects have been [well documented](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-6696582420128930236&amp;hl=en).

TELL YOUR CHILDREN!
These people are insane.
Duh, the lethality comes in when cops raid your house and shoot you.
Cannabis is more lethal than tabacco : http://www.healthinparliament.org.uk/lungd/CANNABIS%20BRIEFING%20updated%20July%202006.pdf

The only reason it doesn't cause cancer is because it kills lung cells much better than tabacco. Still leaves regular smokers open to the other crappy lung diseases smokers get.
I guess if the ink for the message is poisonous, it's lethal.
Could've sworn it was Mick Jagger.
[deleted]
Modern liberalism at its worst. Get out of my life, thanks.
Or perhaps it was Spiderman's red-headed hussy.
it's called parliamentary democracy

it's just a different system, similar cunts still end up in charge, though at least they can be stabbed in the back and kicked out before their term finishes (by their own party), though it doesn't happen often, Thatcher being the last example of the deserving getting their righteous humiliation in public.

As Blair dragged us through lies into a war and he still go re-elected I predict that BraveSirRobin may be mistaken about Brown's re-electability, as with the US the British voting public are given rather crippled choices based around two parties that have abandoned all important idealogical difference.  The Tory and Labour parties have the same people in them, just the Tories use their posh voices with less shame
cocaine's a hellofadrug
They might have just heard one toker remark to another: "pheeeew, this new stuff is lethal, maaaan".
don't smoke it then. Vaporise it.
Edit: Do you know how much more toxic Alcohol is? Enjoy your pint.
I think he has the idea that it is 'lethal' due to the idea that cannabis is often a gateway drug to something which can be genuinely 'lethal' e.g. Crack which one might be able to buy from the same dealer.  Researchers have indicated that it might not be ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/2538065.stm ) but this research is changing.
[deleted]
I know - I've never wanted to bring harm upon a person before for being stupid.  Thanks Gordon Browneye!
"I have always been very strongly of the view that cannabis is unacceptable and we have got to send a message," -Brown

It's a belief that he has. Let's not let science or anything like that get in the way. Lethal dose of pot is what now?
I don't think so. If it was simply that he thinks of it as a gateway drug, why would skunk weed be "more lethal"? No, there are people who are saying skunk is more potent than other kinds (even though it's been around since the 70's) and it causes psychosis.

http://stopthedrugwar.org/chronicle_blog/2008/apr/06/skunk_weed_causing_outbreaks_of_

Edit: As a point of clarification, people are saying that skunk is stronger than it used to be, which is not true. Supposedly the percentage of strong marijuana on the market has increased, but that's not the same thing as a new kind of MJ.
The bud in the photo doesn't look lethal, but it sure does look quality. *mouth watering*
Although weed can't kill you, it apparently can make you feel like you're dead. Or that time is moving really really really really slow.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gwfe5lH1n9Q
Smoking 2 joints a day is the equilivant to smoking 20 cigarettes a day (see the article)
And in reply http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/7227651.stm
You mean caffeine.
How you doin', Straw Man?
A glass of red wine a day will make me live longer. A joint every day will make me live shorter.
no, that's not really a liberal policy, and no one is in your life, thanks
He said it wasn't lethal, I have shown evidence that it's not only lethal but worse for you than another common drug that it's widely accepted will kill you.
It's no more harmful than smoking ANYTHING. Cannabis itself is not harmful on the lungs (hash brownies,etc) if you inject nicotine - it'll still eat away at your lungs.
Off the top of my head - that chemical is theobromine(sp?) No - a bar of regular chocolate will not kill any sized dog. A bar of bakers chocolate is a completely different matter.
Yeah he is right. Weed leads to cocaine and cocaine leads to be a cokehead and being a cokehead leads to to be the president of the USA and being the president of the USA leads to war and war kill people.

Weed is dangerous man.
Fortunately I'm in Scotland and I have a viable alternative to those two parties. They seem to be doing OK so far.
It can kill, and it can mess your mind right up.

EDIT: Even though I said, "can", implying possibility, you're still getting all defensive and uppity. That's right, reddit, you run. RUN FROM THE TRUTH!
[deleted]
http://reddit.com/r/Marijuana/ is just dying for attention =o
So by that logic Alcohol should be banned as well.
[deleted]
Blair was re-elected largely because he and Brown did a good job with the economy and his opposition was shit. Brown has neither of those advantages (edit:- any more, anyway - economy's not doing so well), and also doesn't have the advantage of being an obviously strong leader.

He may get in, just because so many people remember how much the Tories buggered up the country last time they were in, but I wouldn't put money on it.
The nicotene is actually the least of your worries from cigarette smoke. It's not a carcinogenic (or at least hasn't been found to be) and only causes circulatory problems. It hasn't been found to do anything to the lungs on its own and certainly doesn't when injected.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicotine#Link_to_circulatory_disease
As far as I know you can't buy pure, regular cannabis in the UK or probably anyhere. You can get skunk and derivations which are more powerful and are harmful. The stuff that's scientifically tested and proven to be ok is pure cannabis-not these dangerous substances which have been grown under non-natural conditions in a way that makes them dangerous.

Or is that totally naive? Would I be able to ask a dealer to get me pure cannabis that has been grown naturally and not been adjusted or enhanced with any other chemicals, e.g. from fertilisers? I doubt it.
By those standards we can get rid of all kind of medicine that benefit people. I've never heard of people dying from smoking the Ganja. He must be smoking it himself.
[credible citation needed]
[deleted]
I don't care, I'm right. It can do those things. I've seen it happen.
Saying that doesn't mean I'm wrong.
[deleted]
How can you even say it's of a lethal quality when you haven't yourself been able to pull out numbers SHOWING it's LETHAL ?????
WAh didn't think they'd be that stupid to think we're taking highly weighed drops of canabis over our heads to get high . . .
Yeah the Tories plans to scrap the ID card scheme show they would curtail our civil liberties just as much as Labour have in the past 11 years.

I agree on the other points though
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theobromine#Animals
You think he has any idea? You give the man too much credit.
Alchohol too, and religion. Thankfully most people are able to take things in moderation.
Brown is a complete fucking arsehole and every new utterance he makes merely  confirms the depths of his arseshole-ness.
That story is so typical of the bullshit put about by the UK police on such matters. But no Brown is just talking about skunk.
[deleted]
&gt; I'm in Scotland 

Thanks for dumping that shithead Brown on us.
Lethal? Where can I get some of that shit?
&gt; Since apoptosis helps to remove mutated or damaged cells that may eventually become cancerous, the inhibitory actions of nicotine create a more favourable environment for cancer to develop. Thus nicotine plays an indirect role in carcinogenesis.
Yes, alcohol and yes, religion. But there are a lot of people in Britain today who DON'T take marijuana in moderation. There are some very strong strains, and kids are taking it from the age of TEN. People wonder why chav's are stabbing people up and down the country. MJ is a large factor in that. 

Also, I find it fun that people rarely contend that the stuff can make you impotent but ALWAYS contend the mental health risks.
Revolution.
I've never really understood the fascination with the media and skunk. Vodka is many times stronger than cider (as an example) but we don't ban alcohol because there exists strong forms of it.
Saying it doesn't make you right either.
&gt; *"People wonder why chav's are stabbing people up and down the country. MJ is a large factor in that."*

You're hopeless. If pot makes people want to stab others, why do I not have this problem in my town?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modern_liberalism_in_the_United_States
You probably do. What is your town?
Looks like we do in fact share some common ground with the Islamists, after all.
[deleted]
[deleted]
No, I don't, troll.

I love how you think with your 'statistics' that you know more I do about my own hometown.

Speaks volumes about the type of person you are.
Okay, what kind of message *would* legalizing Michael Jackson send to our kids?
No points for me and one point for your reply.  Makes you wonder a lot!  Politics?  This was about evidence.
It's modern conservatism, which likes government involvement in our lives to police morality.
Neoconservatism is modern liberalism with an even greater emphasis on imposing a "higher" morality upon others.
He tried injecting it !
Feel free to keep him!
Somewhat. Most of the neocon intellectuals (the Kristols and the Buckleys, Fukuyama, Krauthammer, et al) are somewhat socially liberal compared to their "paleoconservative" forebears. The true morality-enforcers are the normative conservatives, usually religious, who believe that Western society was founded upon and remains held together by Judeo-Christian morality. Take away that morality, they say, and society collapses.

Neoconservatives, on the other hand, are mainly about "liberalizing" (in the classical sense of the word) the world. Where they meet minds with modern liberals is their willingness to use big government to achieve their ideals. Essentially they believe that Western-style democracy and capitalism will cure all ills, and that everyone everywhere is yearning for it, even if they don't realize it. There's a geopolitical streak to it, to be sure (the axiom that "democracies don't fight each other", so we'd be safer off to get rid of dictators and autocracies), but the philosophy itself is at heart about paving the way for global free markets. I leave it up to you to decide whether that's wise or not.
Yes but me saying "I am a million years old" without citing anything, as ridiculous as it is, you can't *prove* that I am lying.
Stupid me, it clearly is a bullshit article. What do the British Lung foundation know about lung disease?

I notice you left out the following sentence : "In general, the studies indicate that there is an increased negative health impact on those who do not smoke cannabis compared to those who do not smoke at all".

It also says that smoking cannabis and tobacco together is worse than smoking just tobacco.
"don't tell mommy"
[deleted]
Again, it's neither a carcinogenic in itself nor does it directly causes lung disease.
Indeed, we get police officers who come to our school and do talks on drugs. They say things like "ALL CANNABIS IS CUT WITH DOG SHIT. DON'T SMOKE IT BECAUSE IT'S 98% DOG SHIT, 1% EMBALMING FLUID AND 1% ILLEGAL."
A typical 20 kg (44 lb) dog will normally experience intestinal distress after eating less than 240 g (8.5 oz) of dark chocolate, but won't necessarily experience bradycardia or tachyarrhythmia unless it eats at least a half a kilogram (1.1 lb) of milk chocolate. According to the Merck Veterinary Manual, approximately 1.3 g of baker's chocolate per kilogram of a dog's body weight (0.02 oz/lb) is sufficient to cause symptoms of toxicity. For example, a typical 25 gram (1 oz) baker's chocolate bar would be enough to bring out symptoms in a 20 kg (44 lb) dog.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theobromine_poisoning

1.1lb is not "a bar of regular chocolate"
Regarding foreign policy, spreading democracy is most certainly not a neocon idea. I'd say the policy of "making the world safe for democracy" came from modern liberals as well. Either way, neocons sure took that idea and ran with it, didn't they?
[deleted]
Is that a stock photo? haha.

How much weight can powdered glass possibly add? Pot is usually purchased for quality over quantity anyway. That usually *weeds* out the "g-unit kids" from manufacturing and distribution.
stevob2007, I am genuinely concerned about your comment here.  You sound like a nice enough fellow, but you seem to have received a huge pile of nonsense and misinformation.

Why do you think you can't buy pure cannabis anywhere?  You do know that it's a plant, right?  Grow the plant, wait for buds to appear (or reduce the "daylight" cycle to induce budding, if indoors), clip off the buds.  Voila!  Pure, regular cannabis.

Why do you think skunk is harmful?  Skunk usually just refers to a plant that has been bred to produce relatively more of the desired psychoactive components (THC and other cannabinoids).  This is similar to the way that corn has been bred to produce bigger, juicier kernels, or tomatoes have been bred to select the varieties that yield firm flesh or abundant fruiting.  And if the buds are more powerful (you're right about that), it means that you have to put less smoke or vapor in your lungs to get the desired effect.  Yes, you might have to be a little more cautious not to smoke too much, but people learn soon enough, and contrary to statements from this chump "Brown," it won't kill you even if you do smoke too much.

What are "these dangerous substances [...] grown under non-natural conditions" to which you refer?  Lots and lots of plants are grown in hothouses, or with fertilisers, so I wonder why exactly you think this is a problem.

At least among my friends (in the United States), most of the folks who want cannabis -- just want CANNABIS.  They don't want someone to tell them it's weed, and then find out it's adulterated with some other crap.  The first time that happened, that "dealer" wouldn't have any customers remaining; they would have all gone to someone who has available what they actually want.

There are always reports floating around about grass "laced" with embalming fluid or PCP or whatever substance -- and I'm sure a few of those stories have been true in the past.  That's what you get when you have a completely unregulated black market.  There are always a few assholes who think they can abuse others without consequence to themselves (think George Bush).

However, the typical way in which low-level dealing proceeds minimizes the likelihood that most people will ever experience such antisocial behavior.  Most folks who smoke the stuff get it from a friend who might have  purchased a larger amount than they need for themselves.  Said friend has likely already tried it out, and discovered -- yes, it's marijuana.  No wacky formaldehyde taste or pesky psychedelic trips arriving unannounced.

My suggestion is that governments should let people grow whatever they want in their own gardens, and if it want to regulate it at all, require a license to sell it to someone for a profit.  Just like we don't worry if I want to split a six-pack of beer with my mate waiting back at my flat, we shouldn't worry if I pick up 10 grams of cannabis to share with him as well.  If it's an actual business, then dealers should get a business license and be subject to reasonable regulation aimed at preventing sales to young children and all the rest.

Until that day, we go on living in a world where know-nothings like Brown carry the day, and the rest of us have to pay the bill for harassing, arresting, prosecuting, and jailing those who have done nothing more than simple gardening of a recreational drug that is far less harmful and addictive than either nicotine or alcohol.
[deleted]
'Absolute power corrupts absolutely'.

The Tory party, the Lib Dems, or even the Monster Raving Loony party would be better than Labour, simply because they aren't giddy with power. Political parties are like mattresses, they need to be turned regularly.
Not everywhere. In places where criminal gangs rule the territory long enough, they can convince a generation that all weed is supposed to be shit or crazy expensive and hash is supposed to be 90% shoe polish, horse tranquilizers, and things normally found in the rubbish.

I know Ireland is like this, and I'd guess many other places too. If you've never had quality product, how can you realize what a bad deal is?
Don't forget that other shithead Blair.
I personally volunteer to sit in front of him and smoke marijuana for as long as it takes to convince him that it isn't lethal.
Actually, marijuana has been found to decrease aggressiveness is every study conducted on the subject.

Also, people have been stabbing eachother up and down every corner of the world since the invention of the knife, long before weed came into play.

I also don't have any problem "contending that the stuff can make you impotent" since a credible study finding such has never been published, but thank you once again for spreading ridiculous urban legends.  I suppose smoking banana peels gets you really high too, right?

Also, please do explain what you mean by "marijuana can kill" since the lethal dose would require you to consume about 40 pounds in a short period of time.  In other words, less "lethal" than water.
So are you saying that you can get some lethal shit over in Britain? How much is that an ounce?
In other news, continued British involvement with the war in Iraq is fine, because it has NO 'lethal quality'.

Hmmmmmmmmm.
Guess we've got to invade ourselves :(
Oh, brit-banter, so precious.

So now that's it's class C and possession is not arrestable, does that mean you can smoke in public?
That almost makes me want to go into politics.
I figured you would've been into amphetamines.
Well, we all wanna change the world.
Not really, Notting Hill Festival excepted. In most cases the cops will confiscate, but they can arrest if they feel so inclined.
Right. I was just trying to show that there's still some mixed reactions to whether it is carcinogenic or not. But you are right in saying that it isn't *classified* as a carcinogen.

I wasn't agreeing with AuraithX. Nicotine's main effects aren't on the lungs but on the circulatory system.
Bzzzt. Wrong.

+ I think there have been studies to show that there are indeed carcinogens in cannabis. BUT your average smoker consumes much tobacco than the pot smoker does cannabis (due to the potent addictive nature of nicotine).

+ The illegality of filters like water pipes and bongs presents some difficulty in smoking safely.

+ Smokeless pot products don't cause cancer, whereas smokeless tobacco products do.
&gt; People wonder why chav's are stabbing people up and down the country. MJ is a large factor in that.

You find me a violent stoner and I will agree with you. Unless you're a meatball sub, I wouldn't worry about your ass getting charged from someone who just blazed.
Don't go carryin' pictures of Chairman Mao...
It's doubtful that the [glass beads](http://www.ukcia.org/library/contam/index.php) (used industrially for sandblasting and reflective road markings) were added for their weight. It seems more likely that they were added for their sparkle, to give the appearance of more resinous trichomes in order to provide the illusion of higher quality and hence fetch a premium price.
The classic example of adulteration to increase weight is indeed [soapbar](http://www.ukcia.org/activism/soapbar.php), as ardenr mentions.
However, in addition to this there has been a recent and possibly ongoing practice which is extremely hazardous - the [adulteration of herbal cannabis with lead](http://ukcia.org/wordpress/?p=6). The high temperatures that burning cannabis can reach allow the lead to be extensively absorbed, which has resulted in grave neurological injury. Given that the glass bead contamination was reportedly encountered across Europe there may be further casualties.

Once again we see how the absence of quality control on a product for which there is widespread demand leads inexorably to tainted supplies. This results in empirical physical harm, seemingly inflicted in an attempt to indoctrinate an arbitrary definition of morality.
I wonder if a water pipe would affect any of that.
Do the police put the glass in it?
&gt; It is difficult to ascertain whether or not the inhalation of cannabis smoke causes damage to the lungs and airways independently of the tobacco smoke or not.

Tobacco smoke is really bad for the lungs.  Nicotine is a vasoconstrictor - it makes the blood vessels contract.  In the case of the lungs, that means that all the bad stuff in tobacco smoke gets "sucked into" the lungs and held.

&gt; The THC in cannabis has been shown to have a bronchodilator effect.

Cannabis by itself is much nicer on the lungs.  It opens them up and lets you "cough the crap out" (I am not a doctor, BTW, in case it wasn't obvious).

*BUT* put cannabis and tobacco together and you have the THC opening up the lungs for *more* of the tobacco crap to get in.

So, smoking cannabis + tobacco is _probably_ worse for you than just smoking tobacco.  But the reason is that the cannabis amplifies the harmful effects of the tobacco rather than adding any particularly harful effects itself.

For the same reason, smoking after (or during!) exercise is significantly worse for you than smoking "at rest". 

The solution is simple: give up the baccy and smoke bud by itself.
&gt;The classic example of adulteration to increase weight is indeed soapbar, as ardenr mentions. However, in addition to this there has been a recent and possibly ongoing practice which is extremely hazardous - the adulteration of herbal cannabis with lead.

I'm hardly an expert on marijuana, but it seems that there's a fairly straightforward fix.

The melting point of [lead](https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Lead) is 327.46degC, the boiling point 1749degC.

The [burning temperature of a cigarette](http://www.physlink.com/Education/AskExperts/ae1.cfm) is around 700degC -- I would assume that this is comparable to the burning temperature of marijuana.

Marijuana vaporizers, according to [this link](http://marijuanavaporizers.com/), operate from 110degC to 300degC.  This should keep lead from melting and keep bits of heated soot and ash from floating upwards attached to specks of lead.  I would expect that they're probably also better with respect to carcinogen intake, so this is probably a good idea anyway.

Of course, it's also possible to just not consume any THC and eliminate the whole issue...
obviously this guy is a spoon. doesn't know arse from nose and often gets the two confused WHEN HE SHOVES HIS HEAD UP HIS ARSE. dumbshit.
In the UK we've traditionally smoked hash from Afghanistan and Morocco. That's much stronger weight for weight than mere skunk, however potent.
Where did I say anything about trolling? Where did I mention any statistics, or suggested I would? I asked where your home town was. Don't change the issue and don't twist what I say.
I didn't say it can kill on its own. I said it can kill. There's plenty of deaths related to MJ use.
Personally, I don't give a damn whether it's lethal or not, it's not the governments job to tell me what I can or cannot do with my body as long as I don't hurt anyone else.
Although I agree there have been studies linking red wine to lower heart disease, the acetaldehyde that your body creates while metabolising alcohol is pretty damn nasty.

From what I understand (and I'm not a biologist) the liver has to break alcohol down in a two pass process, the first part creating highly carcinogenic chemicals which can poison every organ in your body.
Same here. But as someone with medicine in the family, it pains me to see people get blur fact with fiction when it comes to health. My motto: Give people freedom of choice, but at least educate them while you're at it.
"Lethal quality" = the government will end your life as you know it for possessing cannabis
wonderful, sensible comment.
While vaporisation is indeed a less harmful means of preparing cannabis than smoking, it would be advisable not to risk ingesting cannabis that has come in contact with lead by any means. And while it is also entirely possible and advisable given the circumstances to abstain, the point is that many will neither vaporise nor abstain. If the lead contamination has taken place at a high level in the supply chain then more incidents seem inevitable.

This is made possible by the continuing intervention of posturing politicians attempting to curry favour with an ill-informed demographic, and cowed by the agenda of major media organisations. That they are primarily concerned with maintaining their position of privilege rather than best serving their electorate is hardly surprising given the mindset that is generally attracted to and successful in the field. However, this latest example is particularly galling given that "tough talking" soundbites were being released even before the latest round of expert opinion and analysis had been provided. Given the legal obligation under the 1971 Misuse of Drugs Act that politicians must at least make a pretence of examining the evidence-based findings of the ACMD before prevaricating, I hope that the proposed [legal challenge](http://www.guardian.co.uk/society/2008/apr/29/drugsandalcohol.gordonbrown) goes ahead.
&gt; How is he running the country if he's unelectable?

Simply because he got the job when the last guy left.  That last guy, Tony Blair, received a total of 24,421 votes in the 2005 election to get re-elected as Member of Parliament for Sedgefield.  But as leader of the Labour Party, he got to run the whole damn country.

So in answer to your question, he's running the country because less than 1% of us in the UK voted for his predecessor.

BTW, Gordon Brown was elected to his seat on the basis of 24,278. 143 votes less than TB.

[BBC 2005 election results](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/vote2005/flash_map/html/map05.stm)
Well, technology has rescued us! Rejoice! Now all we need to do is get rid of the fed so we can get nice and toasty which watching spongebob after dinner.
It's never stopped anyone before, provided you are subtle.
I'm not quite Brave enough.
Link to proof?
The burden of proof does not rest on the disbelievers.
Well thank God for vaporizers. Looks like your argument just went up in smoke.
Marijuana is lethal to a person's sanity. I'm not joking.

It only takes a very tiny amount of pot to start realizing what a fucked up and shitty place the world has become due to greed and corporate soiopathy.

Pot's one of the most dangerous things on this planet if your one of the vampires at the top.

The difference between pot induced realization vs say just regular realization is that Pot actually makes you feel something about it.
Someone should explain to him that "This shit will blow your mind" is not meant to be taken literally.
I'm just a step ahead of you, Son.
No, you're a step ahead of yourself, trying to be smart by making predictions, but instead coming off as a jackass.

Summary:
I didn't say it can kill on its own.
It means he likes it.
Where can I get some of that shit?
It's no more harmful than smoking ANYTHING.
I said it can kill.
I don't think they're doing it right...
I don't care, I'm right.
Tobacco smoke is really bad for the lungs.
It can do those things.
So are you saying that you can get some lethal shit over in Britain?
Saying it doesn't make you right either.
So, smoking cannabis + tobacco is _probably_ worse for you than just smoking tobacco.
+ I think there have been studies to show that there are indeed carcinogens in cannabis.
It also says that smoking cannabis and tobacco together is worse than smoking just tobacco.
I don't think Blair can be called a stooge.
Get out of my life, thanks.
You do know that it's a plant, right?
But no Brown is just talking about skunk.
If it was simply that he thinks of it as a gateway drug, why would skunk weed be "more lethal"?
He must be smoking it himself.
I agree on the other points though.
Lethal dose of pot is what now?
Saying that doesn't mean I'm wrong.
If pot makes people want to stab others, why do I not have this problem in my town?
"Lethal quality" = the government will end your life as you know it for possessing cannabis.
Where did I say anything about trolling?
You think he has any idea?
We have a say in this.
How much for an ounce of "the Lethal"?
That almost makes me want to go into politics.
Why do you think skunk is harmful?
Cannabis by itself is much nicer on the lungs.
I know the head of the elected majority party becomes PM.
In other words, less "lethal" than water.
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/england/devon/6319541.stm

The best way to get rid of shit like this?
Makes you wonder a lot!
They don't want someone to tell them it's weed, and then find out it's adulterated with some other crap.
I wonder if a water pipe would affect any of that.
You can get skunk and derivations which are more powerful and are harmful.
The lethal effects have been [well documented](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-6696582420128930236&amp;hl=en).
no, that's not really a liberal policy, and no one is in your life, thanks.
Marijuana is lethal to a person's sanity.
&gt; How is he running the country if he's unelectable?
When are these idiots going to realize that stronger marijuana means it takes less to get a person high?
I know - I've never wanted to bring harm upon a person before for being stupid.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.38
