Original Response:
why should evidence and facts matter? /sarcasm
But remember how wrong he was about Iraq? /sarcasm
Wait'll you see Condi's UN Powerpoint presentation. The bullet points are little animated laughing Ahmadinejad heads that explode into mushroom clouds. it'll blow Colin Powell's away!
This is not sarcasm. /sarcasm
And we've been consistently ignoring you for the last 5 years.  Aren't you getting the hint by now?  (no? okay, they __don't care__)
Welcome to the club

signed,
The Athiests
Doesn't really matter, he's had his away for a long time already. It's time for a new one.

On topic: Bush is just shopping around for an agency that'll tell him Iran IS working on an A-Bomb, so he'll be able to tell us in about 5 years time that he'd been misinformed.
I don't believe it.
Okay, so ElBaradei says Iran isn't building nukes.  Our own NIE said Iran isn't building nukes.  So every time Bush says Iran is building nukes, why isn't the "liberal" media calling him on it?
hey it's not like the U.S. has ever made false accusation about nuclear weapons as a pretext for invasion and occupation of an oil rich country

when it comes to intel the Bush admin checks, re-checks and then they check again
Presstv is run by the Iranian government, Bias propaganda.

Look at their homepage or watch their station if you don't believe me.
We didn't see much from North Korea back in the early-mid nineties (at least, so it was claimed later on).
In 5 years, he won't give a shit about excuses.
It's not what Iran has.

It's Iran's *intentions.*

Iran should be bombed like Iraq for their evil thoughts which I am reading right now along with President Bush.

"Just a moment
Just a moment
I am getting a signal on the RE-35 unit."

- HAL9000, 2001 A Space Odyssey
Do you think this is a conscientious attempt by diverse members of the US government trying to stop an atrocity? Or do you think 7 years of watching other people get the axe for the administration's errors have made them hesitant to get on board things they will be blamed for later on, no matter how loyal of a "Bushie" they've been.
Nobody would expect BushCo to mistakenly invade a country AGAIN.

That's exactly why Bush will do it again:  HE has the element of surprise.
Belief is a powerful force. It makes people put faith in the unseen.
We didn't see much from you too.
He's a nut! like hans blix!!!! why do they hate america?  biased pos's with their "evidence"
That's strange. I am myself, in point of fact, a small country run by a dictator. So your comment truly is related to the issues at hand.
i know you already know the answer, but - because the govt-media complex runs deep and the media is actually in the tank for the govt- which is why they dont report on the million dead iraqis, dont report on all the dead troops everyday, spend time on distraction stories like lindsey lohan, don't expose when the government is lying to us nor do they ask tough questions like helen thomas.

the media largely ignores the govt lies because the corporations who own them work in tandem with the govt - the media gains access and the govt gets to spread their lying propaganda.

also, the propagandists at fox WANT you to think the rest of the media is "liberal" to further obscure the truth that they actually only exist to perpetuate government lies.  sure, individual reporters may be liberal, but they dont choose what to say on the screen, that comes from the top down (do you think hannity/colmes CHOOSE to talk about anna nicole or britney spears for 5 days straight?)
He said the SAME about Iraq.  As I did then, I will believe him and not the retard we have disgracing the presidential office.

Wait, sorry, I didnt mean to insult retards like that.
The most interesting thing about this story on Reddit is the 103 downvotes it has gotten.
If they were "liberal" - They would be calling him.
Do you mean ElBaradei didn't say this - and presstv.com is lying about it?
That is a lot of downvotes - without comments to back them up.
Well, yes.  Every article about this should mention the credible, countervailing views in the third paragraph.  Every television report mentioning the administration's line on this should qualify it with, "but the director general of the IAEA says..."

Anything short of that makes them accessory to the deception.
Wow. If those nuclear reactors don't give you a clue, then you are one clueless bastard.  This guy needs to read Biedermann und die Brandstifter.
Now stop confusing the conclusions with the facts.
Well I'm Iranian-Canadian, and if I hear something from Presstv I try not to take it so seriously.

They allways boast Iran being the better country and that every other country that oppose Iranian policy are evil.

Let me tell you something about Iran, People can't get fresh water, there is a drought, and all their talking about is the right of Iranians to nuclear power. All the profit of the Oil goes to corrupt politicians and majority of people are poor.
[deleted]
NEOCONS ARE DOWNMODDING STORIES ON REDDIT

WAKE UP SHEEPLE
In 5 years, the American people won't give a shit about excuses.
I think the head of the IAEA has more of a clue than you.
&gt;if I hear something from Presstv I try not to take it so seriously.

Maybe you should take it seriously - cos ElBaradei  really did say this!
Yes, but are they planning to build nuclear weapons? That is the question here. Actually, it doesn't matter, the only thing that matters is what Bush and his cronies think about it. And if they continue to believe that's exactly what Iran is up to, it'll take 20 more years before the issues you bring up will be settled.
[deleted]
errr, five minutes is more like it

Shit, gotta run, American Idol is on tonight!!!
The session is on YouTube [here](http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=Fc9mjQ_4cUo).

ElBaradei says around 13 minutes in:

"We haven't seen indications or any concrete evidence that Iran is building a nuclear weapon and I've been saying that consistently for the last five years. You saw the US intelligence assessment a few months ago that luckily agreed with our assessment that according to them Iran had some weaponisation work but they stopped it in 2003. We are still going through the processes of verifying that.

"But the Iranian issue is not really about whether Iran has - today - a nuclear weapon. I don't think anybody says that Iran now has a nuclear weapon. The question is do we trust Iran's future intentions. That is not really an issue of verification. I keep saying that I cannot say future intentions; I cannot read the tea-leaves. Building confidence of future intentions requires a dialog. That's why I come back to the dialog. 

"And as Mr Gates said, this is part of the regional security structure. The Iranian issue is part of this regional security in the Middle East - which is totally absent. You will not have regional security unless no country - including Israel - has nuclear, chemical or biological weapons. 

"Our agency will continue to be firefighters - I put a fire out in Iraq, I stopped one in Libya, and so on. Unfortunately we still live in an environment - both globally and in the Middle East - where nuclear weapons are synonymous with power, prestige, protection, and influence. That is the reality, and unless you change that reality you will continue to see, particularly in this region, that they have chronic conflict and countries tempted to develop nuclear weapons."
What an anti-semitic bastard. He must want Iran to have the bomb so they can wipe Israel off the map. Besides, why rely on things like "evidence" when there's plenty of unfounded accusations flying around for us to trust already.
I will believe other news outlets but not presstv.
Try fox news - they are very good - I think you would like them.
Red herring
beh_aiin is now on THE list.
&lt; fwporretto &gt; Thank you for the youtube link :)
I'm Iranian dude and I know Iranian religious mentality. Iran has the 4th largest oil reserves of any country in the world and does not need nuclear power. The head of the IAEA is a dumb ass if he believes that and so are you if you believe him.   Why are westerners so fucking dumb? 

Iran is building nuclear technology to get the bomb to achieve supremacy in the middle east.  Anyone in Iran will tell you that. Only dumb fucks educated in some liberal American university would believe otherwise.
Prove you're Iranian.
Which list?

Summary:
It's not what Iran has.
I don't think anybody says that Iran now has a nuclear weapon.
Okay, so ElBaradei says Iran isn't building nukes.
That is the question here.
So every time Bush says Iran is building nukes, why isn't the "liberal" media calling him on it?
The question is do we trust Iran's future intentions.
I think the head of the IAEA has more of a clue than you.
That's why I come back to the dialog.
"But the Iranian issue is not really about whether Iran has - today - a nuclear weapon.
Yes, but are they planning to build nuclear weapons?
Try fox news - they are very good - I think you would like them.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
