Original Response:
The author, while well-meaning, seems to have latched onto a meaningless statistic as a way of backing up a "see, there really ARE conspiracies" premise. Just because there are thousands of people every year found "guilty of conspiracy" proves nothing. Over the past several decades, U.S. district attorneys have used the "piling-on" process to charge the accused with every possible violation. This is an attempt to water down the plea-bargain process. Charge someone with three counts, and you're forced [perhaps] to get a conviction on only one. Charge them with FIFTEEN counts, and you'll scare them so badly they'll plead to four or five. These days you almost never see an alleged felon escape at least one conspiracy charge in amongst all the others, so the fact that more people are "guilty" of them is hardly proof that government-led conspiracies are true.

On the other hand, just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they *aren't* out to get you.
Because they are often unfounded.
Whether there are conspiracies or not I wont dscuss here, (even tho I think there are a plethora of them)

All I would say is, from experience, the majority of the public will "turn off" to a subject/idea when it is labelled a "conspiracy theory"  Which is a great tool for a dodgy government but a real shame for the rest of us.  "The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist"

Imho there are a lot of forces out there to "get us" and people need to wake up.
Although I just threw it into a [different post](http://reddit.com/r/worldnews/info/6j9t4/comments/c0400nm), it seems appropriate to this one too:

[Hanlon's Razor](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanlon's_razor)

&gt;A common (and more laconic) British English version, coined by Sir Bernard Ingham, is the saying "Cock-up before conspiracy". The full quotation given by Sir Bernard is "Many journalists have fallen for the conspiracy theory of government. I do assure you that they would produce more accurate work if they adhered to the cock-up theory."
because the majority of conspiracy theories involve insane theories.
Sounds like "Coincidence Theory." I guess if you're determined to avoid finding prosecutable conspiracies, then using Hanlon's Razor or Coincidence Theory is a good way to start.

However, if you actually want to approach a situation honestly and open-mindedly then the aforementioned axioms are intellectual poison.

The best thing to do is judge each claim on its own merits. It might sound crazy, but so do a lot of things government/business decide to do.
It's true that there are a lot of harebrained theories. I consider myself friendly to conspiracy theories, and I don't think ANYTHING should be above examining, even I get sick of hearing about fluoride in the water being a poisoning force on us. 

For every nitty gritty, hard fought tooth and nail for the truth, there's some David Icke flavoured nonsense about. 

Anyways, what I like to think about it, is the shit we probably have NO IDEA about. The shit that's behind locked doors in the corridors of power that people take to the grave. Just imagine...
It's obvious, really: because the world is a complex place. While it may be comforting to some to imagine that everything bad that happens in the world is the result of a decision made by a shadowy cabal in a smoke filled room, reality is almost never that simple.
It's actually the exact opposite of what you just said.  For any cabal to control a large portion of the world's activities, an extremely complex system would be required that you attempted to pass off as the simplest of alternatives.
Many of the things business decides to do are not coordinated by conspiracies, but by parallel interests.

For instance, high-fructose corn syrup isn't so widely-used due to a conspiracy of food processors, but due to heavy subsidies distorting the market for sweeteners to the point that using cane or beet sugar would cost a lot more.  Most food processors (semi-independently) decide that their duty to the shareholders is best served by using HFCS.

Similar considerations explain the sensationalism of news.
If you think the fantasy of a few people with extreme personal power is more complex than the reality of tens of thousands of career bureaucrats working independently from one another, there's not much I can do for you.
Alex Jones?
I enjoy conspiracy theories of most any subject matter.  All taken with a grain of salt naturally.   Those that seem to ring true with that inner "Something isn't right here" feeling are the ones I like to dig through and voice to open, methodical, thinkers.  That alone is already leading down the road to understanding facets of our Society that 'i' otherwise would not have questioned.

This next statement is meant, by no means as an attack, but as a thought or even a conspiracy theory (*oooooo*).  How has such a driving force as differing religions found a very human, common ground between them?  Ambivalence towards an omnipotent being or the related texts and decrees are punishable by death

I suppose to seek knowledge is to invite death which doesn't seem that far-fetched, even outside the context of beliefs.  I guess my lifespan is going to be cut to... next-tuesday.
'Conspiracy Theory' doesn't mean 5 guys ruling the world every time, you know.

The NWO theory actually revolves mostly around the fact that old foundations have set in motion events that basically build themselves over time, using human nature itself.

Which is pretty much 'the reality of tens of thousands of career bureaucrats working independently from one another'.

A pack of wolves might disagree, but all wolves want to eat.
So they fact people don't take conspiracy theories seriously is because the conspirators want it to be that way?

Talk about confirmation bias...
it's mel gibson's fault.
And this is where conspiracy theorists and non-conspiracy theorists differ. A non-conspiracy theorists looks at a group of people behaving according to human nature and sees just that. A conspiracy theorist looks at a group of people behaving according to human nature and sees a group of actors unknowingly playing their parts in a grand plan designed by a secret society.
You're right!  Everyone who questions 9/11, for example, is wrong!!!

[Oh, wait . . .](http://georgewashington.blogspot.com/2006/04/911-7-man-job.html)
At a level of wealth that is unimaginable to you, people may act in order to, and delude themselves into thinking that they, control the world.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Talk about projection.  I didn't say anything close to that.
Your source cites several conspiracies, but isn't the crux of his argument indefensible since the people behind these secret conspiracies want their plans to be kept, I dunno... secret?

Also, that he cites books by Tom Clancy -- works of fiction -- to make his case doesn't help, either.
&gt; there's not much I can do for you.

The simplicity of your thinking is stunning, so I would have to agree with that specific statement.  

As for the rest, you are discounting the fact that those "with extreme personal power", if they existed, would necessarily need to both understand and effectively manipulate the entire bureaucratic system.  This, I submit to you, is by far (and inevitably) a more complex system than the bureaucracy alone.
[deleted]
The most hilarious thing about people that deride 'conspiracy theories' in relation to September 11th is...

They do not realize that the Official explanation is very clearly a conspiracy theory itself! Obviously these words have become separated from their definitions for some. 

So, why is 'conspiracy theory' a dirty label? My guess - because you have been told it is.
&gt;While it may be comforting to some to imagine that everything bad that happens in the world is the result of a decision made by a shadowy cabal in a smoke filled room, reality is almost never that simple.

You're absolutely right.  The world is more complex.  I'll tell you what's not very complex and quite frankly ridiculous at this point to even consider being true: 19 men who brought the US air defense system to it's knees with box cutters, all because they hate our freedoms.

The 9-11 truth movement has a wide spectrum of theories.  You seem to know the world is complex, and yet you assume the 9-11 truthers are a homogeneous in theories, which couldn't be more wrong.
For the record, the official government version of how 9/11 happened is a conspiracy theory...
On your first point, you make my point for me.  People behind conspiracies don't want to go to jail or be executed for treason, so they keep it quiet.

As to your second point, of course Clancy is fiction.
A conspiracy is an argeement between members who keep their intentions secret.  their intentions, by someone's standards, are bad.  By that definition, there are conspiracies all over the place.  And there are.  people who criticize conspiracies do so because the complex reality of a world largely influenced by conspirators is too much for them to handle.  then again, as soon as these conspirators tell the world of their ill intents, it is no longer a conspiracy, so the neoconservative ideological belief that power is virtuous by definition and therefore the ultimate end that justifies all means isn't technically a conspiracy, nor was the foundation of the United States a conspiracy to subjugate and steal from the native inhabitants--to the extent that these intentions were common knowledge.
Because it means that a person jumps to an extreme conclusion without proper evidence. Common sense is highly valued in our world (and for good reason) and conspiracy theories tend to throw it out the window.
The definition of "conspiracy theory" is different than the connotation of the phrase. It's a dirty label because of the people who find a conspiracy in everything.
Cause the powerful people who wanted their conspiracies kept hidden want the people who found them out to be ignored or demonized.
gore vidal:  "it's not conspiracy theory.  it's conspiracy analysis."
Because the certainty of the believer in a conspiracy theory is almost never correlated with the actual amount of evidence or the actual probability of the theory being true.

Conspiracy theories act almost like the worst parts of religions, providing an incredibly oversimplified explanation for vastly complex real events.  People don't believe in conspiracies because they have a good likelihood of being true, but because the conspiracy theory makes a good story, and some people would rather believe in a good story than face reality.

http://xkcd.com/258/
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's a dirty label because it's usually associated with a theory that is never proven adequately and still wants attention and recognition for it's "insights". It's kind of like Intelligent Design. People who have all these ideas about how things work but nothing to back it up except "What ifs". They fall back on logical arguments with no hard evidence and resort to splitting hairs to the point of absurdity. Calling anyone who doesn't believe them stupid ignorant sheep. It's a type of paranoid dogma where free thinking means only your own thoughts, and the entire world has an agenda.
Conspiracies are just a conspiracy to get people to believe in conspiracies.  Divide and conquer, and all that.
Hahahaha. Do you even know how the world works? Do you know who controls inflation? Do you know what inflation is? Do you know what inside information is? Do you know what you can accomplish with inside information? Do you know what you can accomplish with what you accomplished with inside information? If you think there ain't no big conspiracies (think industrial-military-complex) then you are the lunatic. The whole world power system is a pyramid structure.
Cause it relates to a Mel Gibson, Julia Roberts movie.
Yes. Some people seem to be unable to see the systems structure, and it's reward triggers.
Who are you to paint any sort of picture with a broad brush?

This attempt to define words as more than the words they are is a lot of the problem we have with society.

'Conspiracy theory' means a postulated grouping of people that collude for an ulterior motive or purpose.

That's all. You read far too much into things.
Conspiracies, by nature, are secret and the first thing conspirators do is deny there is a conspiracy. That's a given. Naturally, they discredit and ridicule people who suspect them.
hahaha... yes it's a two fer, a conspiracy theory and a cover-up.
Secret societies = human nature. 

It's human nature to start a secret club and do secret things so you can feel like you're really special and important. 

What Tilon described above is called the "open conspiracy" --  a conspiracy everyone knows about and is part of, like the whole Santa Claus myth, which is bizarre if you think about it. Why do we lie to our kids? Well, 'cause our parents lied to us, too. It's a tradition, which is another part of human nature.

Besides, I don't think you know what a [conspiracy](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/conspiring) is. It's simply speaking about illegal acts with another person with the intent to carry them out. Like the original article pointed out, that's something that happens every hour of every day.

Another funny thing about human nature: Not everybody has the same skillset. Some people are puppets, and some people are puppetmasters. If you can't see that, I suspect you are a puppet.
...and because of the people who want to discredit someone by labeling them a paranoid conspiracy theorist.
[deleted]
Every nation is, in and of itself, a secret society if you want to cut it down farther.  We have a relatively small group of people recognizable as the organization's head; How is it so hard to conceive that those several people may have to answer to another group that may do something such as.. create personal alliances that are reflected in national attitude through media?  

I mean, at least the smart sheep can recognize propaganda.  James Bond could have been fighting Russians for so long 'cause Lenin refused to kiss the Queen's pearled slippers for all we know.
Jo mamas a pyramid structure~!
[deleted]
Noam Chomsky: "It's not conspiracy theory. it's institutional analysis."
believe i like that better.
Because now you're a terrorist if you espouse them.
Yeah, cuz you know 1984 has no bearing in real life....actually, you are quite wrong. They super elite are pretty bold and frequently reveal their plans in the written word. 1984 is one example.
Cheap and fatuous strawman demolition, upmodded for comforting Reddit.
People have been trained to think of "conspiracy theory" as something that cannot exist and so to stop any reasonable debate and discourse on the subject.

This automatic reaction is very unfortunate for those who consider themselves to be reasonable free-thinking human beings.
Tell me again why "apologist" is a Dirty Label
The super elite boldly reveal their plans / the super elite try to keep their plans a secret... pick a side, fellas.

Now do you see why conspiracy theorists get a bad rap?

Summary:
The world is more complex.
Conspiracies are just a conspiracy to get people to believe in conspiracies.
So, why is 'conspiracy theory' a dirty label?
Do you even know how the world works?
It's a dirty label because of the people who find a conspiracy in everything.
...and because of the people who want to discredit someone by labeling them a paranoid conspiracy theorist.
It's true that there are a lot of harebrained theories.
Noam Chomsky: "It's not conspiracy theory.
So they fact people don't take conspiracy theories seriously is because the conspirators want it to be that way?
The definition of "conspiracy theory" is different than the connotation of the phrase.
It's a tradition, which is another part of human nature.
I enjoy conspiracy theories of most any subject matter.
Do you know what inflation is?
gore vidal:  "it's not conspiracy theory.
Do you know what inside information is?
'Conspiracy Theory' doesn't mean 5 guys ruling the world every time, you know.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
