Original Response:
Imagine my shock!
Hahaha, oh the hypocrisy... this goes up there with how the US does not deal with terrorists then goes and buys oil from Saudi arabia and sponsors state terorrism in many outher countries.
Oil is completely fungible. One it hits the open market, getting it from one source is as good as getting it from another.
Brainless article.

Once the oil is delivered and mixed with other oil, how are you supposed to decide where it came from?

It's like saying you only want to breathe air made in the USA.
They could become oil dependentless (Yes, I made the word up and I'm damn proud of myself).
Countries that do business together, are less likely to go to war.
Yes. And given that much of the oil that will come from Iraq will go through Haifa

http://zionofascism.wordpress.com/2007/02/18/54/

Israel will be the main beneficiary of the war our troops and economic prosperity has fought for Israel.

Once the United States has imploded and left the region Israel will be the inheritor of all our resources; but not before we bomb Iran for them.

And by that time either Lieberman or Bloomberg will have manipulated themselves into the Presidency allowing the takeover and domination of of the DOD, Homeland Security (CHEKA), Department of State, our nukes, and political process; not to mention the MSM domination they now enjoy.

Once they have control of the nukes, the mask will come off as they will think they will be able to dictate terms.

All roads lead to 911 being an inside job.

If there is a history Bush, Cheney, and the Christian Zionist idiots, dupes all, will go down as the biggest traitors in the history of the United States.
I think you should get your head checked out. It's in your interest.
also, there's the implication that israel gets better oil than everyone else ... is this article also saying that Iran sells the oil to Israel for below-market prices?  Otherwise, why wouldn't every other country be competing to buy this oil?
Whomever thinks Israel is in any way connected to countries that support terrorism has probably fallen victim to Americas Meth epidemic.
Remember, don't criticize Israel or you are just like Borat.
Funny bit of trivia:

Not many people realize this, but every time Borat spoke in his "native" language in the movie, he was actually speaking in flawless Hebrew.
Get used to it. 

I will be continuing to blog on items consistent with this thread, and, as events unfold in this country, this scenario will continue to be revealed. Even to people like you.
All that will be true in your head (The mind can convince it self very powerful things.)  If you are ok with that, ROCK ON! It doesn't bother me. I'm not the one who sounds like an ignoramus.
[deleted]
Congratulations. Now we're dependentless from using "independent".  Please make something up to get rid of the guardian as well.
Only if they can fix it, the diagnostic alone might cause a depression on top of it all.
You are. It's not your spelling and grammar errors - who cares. TBW cites biased sources, but he's informed. Cite opposing sources! Calling somebody crazy doesn't work as well as it used to. Your ignorance == your choice.
His blog is named "zionofascism". Case closed.
Plenty of things wrong with that URL. "Zionism" is a slur. "Fascism" is a slur. Israel is not a techno-industrialist state, nor does it want its borders enlarged to fulfill the only land grant in the Bible. Case reopened, loled, and closed.
oh come on, that's completely unfair.  they're probably not "happy"
There is a long history of this.

During [Iran Contra](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iran_contra), Israel helped US neocons break the arms embargo to Iran and supply Iran with weapons, to bargain for hostages and make money to fund the Nicaraguan civil war.  Sources said that Israeli intelligence had a long history of earning off-the-books money for convert ops by reselling US weapons.

Remember [Marc Rich](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_Rich), the guy Clinton pardoned in a big scandal?  He also broke the Iran embargo. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak personally asked Clinton to pardon Rich.  

The Iran embargo, like drug prohibition, is used to generate windfall profits for highly connected people willing to break it, particularly if the authorities look the other way.
israeli soldiers break palestinian children's legs for revenge
they learned it by watching us..
I I don't need to defend Israel when the accusations are bat shit crazy, but for you I'll quickly point out the flaws.
&gt; Israel will be the main beneficiary of the war our troops and economic prosperity has fought for Israel.

There is no evidence of this. Israel cares very little about the Iraq war. They are only for it because Saddam gave money to suicide bombers. 

&gt; Once the United States has imploded and left the region Israel will be the inheritor of all our resources; but not before we bomb Iran for them.

You call that informed? That is not informed, it's crazy, paranoid and I suspect anti-semetic (the whole Jews rule the world theory). 

&gt; And by that time either Lieberman or Bloomberg will have manipulated themselves into the Presidency 

Huh? That is informed?

The whole ridiculous rant is psycho and based on paranoid delusions. To make up for his own failings (or the failings of his culture) he decides to pick on jews and support things that are just stupid. 

I'm guessing you believe them too?
Just because MSM is wrong on some things, doesn't mean the craziest shit you read on some anti-semetic blog is correct. 

&gt; Your ignorance == your choice

How so?
I guess I just like shit-starters like the-big-wedding, and now you, for coming back swinging with point by point refutation. Information isn't inherently biased - but as you point out, zany conclusions often are. 
    
FWIW, I'm not afraid of *the Jews* (nearly married a hot one :) as if any people have a single agenda or all the money. It's more militaristic fghwghads that bug me.
Read all of your posts. You're an Israeli agent.
I see ... Sorry for the incorrect typecast.
&gt; They are only for it because Saddam gave money to suicide bombers.

No, to their families, after the event. Please stop lying. I know you can't help it, but...
&gt; I'm not the one who sounds like an ignoramus.

No. A retard yes, but not an ignoramus.
Oh you caught me! what am I going to do now? I guess I should go back to our secret lair and tell the head Jew that our my identity has been revealed. The microchip in my brain is already going off.
because I don't think that the evil jews are controlling the world?
Wow, you caught me in a distinction without a difference. The point being that they financially supported those involved with suicide bombings. Knowing there families would be supported is the same as paying them directly.
This is one of the reasons we may actually get to solar. Israel may have to develop it.
Israel should just switch to electric cars and charge 'em with solar power, since they have so much sun over there.
troll or zealot?
I remember when France was caught getting millions from Iraq during the beginning of the Iraq War and it was all over the news. Lets see where this goes.
No, it was the same.
I hope they enjoy their oil with a little radioactivity, because Traitor Bush has Iran slated for a "surgical nuclear strike" in a month or two.
Erm, no it isn't, but nice try. The Israelis routinely demolish the houses of the families of suicide bombers, and the EU also pay them afterwards to recompense them for this illegal collective punishment, so I guess in your warped mind the EU also pays suicide bombers.

Right?

(I love debating with you. I just leave out the salient fact and you always fall into my trap. But then you are a retard).
Because you are a retard.
Why so much criticism of Israel? They don't really seem any worse than the rest of the world.
i'd say accurate.
perhaps you can be president one day.
I loled, my chip must be set off too.  
  
Just logged in to say,  
Israel is not "The Jews".  
As Bush's war hid behind a flag,  
Israel's terror hides behind Judaism.  
   
It ain't right, it makes me sick, I'm not the only one. Please, please, for the real love of Moses - quit it.
[deleted]
I can haz prezeedancee?
Well they wouldn't have to buy the oil if they took over.
that should be a new thing lolBushes
I fell into no trap. The fact that you are ok with suicide bombings doesn't make your argument better. EU pays to rebuild infrastructure, Saddam gave incentives to encourage more, there is a big difference.
evidence?
Oh, hi retard. There is no difference. Both the EU and Saddam gave money to the families of suicide bombers. Motivation requires you to look into their minds. But for the people involved - the families, and the suicide bombers who were going to do it anyway - there is no difference. Their houses were illegally demolished, and somebody paid to let the families - the victims of ilegal collective punishment - literally rebuild their lives.

Do you agree with the Israelis demolishing the houses of suicide bombers, by the way? Actually, I don't know why I ask - of course you do. They could rape their children and you wouldn't mind.
You are quite the advocate of terrorist rights. Your mom should be proud.
Except the families are not terrorists. Israel usest this illegal tactic to try to coerce Palestinian society against suicide bombing. I think we can all agree on that.

So Israel is engaged in the unlawful use of force against property to coerce or intimidate Palestinian society.

Which is the textbook definition of terrorism ("The unlawful use or threatened use of force or violence against people or property to coerce or intimidate governments or societies"). It seems that it is you, not I, who is the advocate of terrorism. Thanks for playing, retard.
\Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah ... defend terrorists ... blah blah blah blah blah ... distort facts .... blah blah blah blah blah
I love the way you just give up arguing and type random shit - sorry, *even more* random shit. So you won't try to defend illegal collective punishment of the families of suicide bombers, an act of terrorism?
enjoy.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wn2Zyf4l_qg
1) There is nothing to show those were Israelis
2) There is nothing to show it was a child

Palestinian militant groups are well known for making shit like that up... evidently your so gullible you'll fall for anything your told.
believe what you want
you as well
http://media.economist.com/images/20080405/CSR825.gif
Israel works to protect their citizens, Hamas works to make their citizens martyrs. Not to mention the use of human shields:
http://www.anti-cair-net.org/HamasHumanShields.gif
http://www.intelligence.org.il/sp/sib3_04/images/k_12l.jpg
Is every Palestinian a member of Hamas? If they were would you want to see them all killed?
No and No.
is this fake too? http://www.reuters.com/news/video?videoId=80475&amp;videoChannel=1
why? http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7354146.stm

israel does not want peace. they want an excuse to kill.

http://youtube.com/results?search_query=racist+israeli+settler&amp;search_type=
oh wow, you can find racist israelis. Go find out what the Arab world teaches their children about jews
There is plenty of video showing Hamas doing actions that make that look like a walk in the park. Reuters was in a war zone ... this is a risky job. 

I fail to see how either of your responses further your point.
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/our-reign-of-terror-by-the-israeli-army-811769.html
[deleted]
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/from_our_own_correspondent/7354571.stm

forcing people to live like this is illegal under international law
yeah, it's really horrible the position that Hamas has put the palestinians in. Just to think, if they weren't attacking Israel everyday, Israel would have no need (and right under international law) from defending themselves. It's really a shame. 
It's also horrible how hamas funnels money meant to help these people into weapons and how they use piping meant for sewage to make rockets. 
I stand with you disgust over Hamas ... they truley are animals.
israel's blockade and settlements are illegal. israel's mass punishment of the palestinians is illegal.
Israel hasn't mass punished the palestinians. Under International law, Israel is well within it's rights to protect and monitor their borders. Egypt has a completely closed border with the palestinian land as well and closed the border right up as soon as it was breached. 
The legality of the settlements is unclear because what would have become palestine never had set borders since the borders were rejected in 1948 when they chose war over peace. The attacks have not stopped since then. 
Hamas is responsible for the so-called "mass punishment." It is them (not Israel) which squanders the money they have to use in weapons. All of this while Israel supplies water and power to the territory.

Summary:
what am I going to do now?
\Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah ... defend terrorists ... blah blah blah blah blah ... distort facts .... blah blah blah blah blah.
israel's mass punishment of the palestinians is illegal.
I think we can all agree on that.
It is them (not Israel) which squanders the money they have to use in weapons.
&gt; They are only for it because Saddam gave money to suicide bombers.
They are only for it because Saddam gave money to suicide bombers.
Even to people like you.
It seems that it is you, not I, who is the advocate of terrorism.
Just logged in to say,  
Israel is not "The Jews".
Israel hasn't mass punished the palestinians.
&gt; I'm not the one who sounds like an ignoramus.
Remember, don't criticize Israel or you are just like Borat.
I'm not the one who sounds like an ignoramus.
I think you should get your head checked out.
Israel cares very little about the Iraq war.
Both the EU and Saddam gave money to the families of suicide bombers.
because I don't think that the evil jews are controlling the world?
But for the people involved - the families, and the suicide bombers who were going to do it anyway - there is no difference.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
