Original Response:
[deleted]
In 2029...

Kid: Mom, what did you do to end Robert Mugabe's dictatorship?

Mom: Who's Robert Mugabe?

Kid: I have no fucking idea.  I don't even know why I just said that.

Mom: Get your teleporter's spontaneity unit serviced by Ronelta Teleporter Superstore.  20% off refurbishment cycles through Tuesday.  This in your face Brain Spam is brought to you by Delco Brain Spams.  In your face!
We did a lot. Selling arms and allowing foreign aid to flow into the hands of the African elite is more than we should ever have done.
For those who want to see what Zimbabwe is like... here is a two part Al-Jazeera program about it.

[Part 1](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeYLB0ok_e4)

[Part 2](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oo3JUXNkftQ)

Actually, most of it focuses on a beatnik style coffee shop. But the first part shows a lot of life in the capitol city.
"we put a white man in charge."
There is only one Ronelta Teleporter Superstore.  Individual unit components are teleported to it for qualification and refurbishment/replacement.  Near constant servicing of teleporters has resulted in a decline in hideous man animal combination accidents to a level in line with other transportation technologies.
yes seh, it aw be da white pepos faut
I always have such a hard time melding my image of Al-Jazeera I formed whilst watching Fox News with Al-Jazeera English that ridiculously informative.

Once they said that the Israelis were using "steel coated bullets" instead of "rubber bullets" against Palestinians, though (during an event where they were using rubber bullets).
In the future, the resources required to launch a trans-arbritrarypoliticalbody advertisement campaign are such that they are often subsidised with advertisements placed within them.  This Dove soap commercial is brought to you by Lever 2000, for all your 2000 parts.

:D
Most average people don't know what to do, even if they want to. Besides, South Africans are knee deep in their own shit right now.
Yes... AlJazeera English is the best source I know of, for video news from the far corners of the world. This youtube channel is definitely great. I remember how people used to talk hotly about AlJazeera when the usa bombed their headquarters in Iraq. They had just bought completely into the usa media propaganda about the news station. Information is the key. That's why I love reddit - it brings in all these streams of information. I wonder if any redditor speaks arabic, and can tell us the difference in style and focus between the Arabic language station, and the english language station

Other great news sources:

* for the usa: [npr](http://www.npr.org/)

* for north america: [the cbc](http://www.cbc.ca/video/features/news/)

* for science, nature,  and technology [the bbc](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sn/)
for a moment there, I thought i was reading a diatribe about America but where the names of people and places were all different and Africanized.  Boy how embarrassing!
I dunno, I'm a computer geek. I clicked a hypelink. What else can you do?
I get it
Tell them to shut up and help us hunt down a newborn to eat to cure ourselves of AIDS!  Or maybe they could help find a witch doctor with an anti-bullet charm.  There are lots of things to distract a kid with when they start asking about dictators and that kind of thing.  Hey, I'd keep talking but my wife just asked me to wear a condom because I've been fucking loads of other AIDS infected women, so I'm going to go drag her outside and beat her to death in full view of everyone as is the norm!  Go Africa!
"Nothing...we didn't want to be seen as racists."
Perhaps what they need to learn is that property rights are not a tool of white oppression, but rather they are the savior of the poor - and without them all that is left is might makes right.  

Another good lesson to learn is that democracy without freedom is shit.  Freedom and liberty are the ends in itself, democracy is just a tool.  

Also, while we're at it.  They should learn that all rights are talk when there is no social acceptance of the right to bear arms. 

Finally and most importantly.  Inflation and high prices are caused by assholes printing up money and watering down it's value and by nothing else. ... and that price controls never ever stop inflation, but only cause shortages.
I have seen both the Arabic and English channels. The Arabic news channel is more nationalistic and biased than the English news channel. Although it is not as bad as other Arab news outlets and is quiet informative. Most Arab regimes like the Egyptians and Jordanians have tried to ban it repeatedly, however they are yet to succeed completely in totally shutting down the Arabic channel. It is by far the most informative Arab language source available and the least biased of all of the other Arab news outlets.
Yay! Reddit pulls through again. There are so many readers here, that someone who has a personal knowledge of the subject always shows up. 

Thanks, rimwalker. That's some good information.
Agree with you 100%.  But it must be said -- there were plenty of Zimbabweans (including ZanuPF folk) who could have stopped this LONG ago.  They still hold primary culpability.
Same with Americans.
no americans could have helped end arthrapeid in SA earlier, the US on the other hand has no real political power or leverage over Zimbabwe - and SA does
I was speaking about our current situation. You think there won't be articles like this in 10 or 15 years about us?
there were articles like this 5 years ago
Typical bloody American thinking it's ALWAYS about the USA :)
What would you like us to do? Invade? Regime Change? Perhaps we could find some WMDs?  It may be a nation in crisis, but it is a sovereign nation none the less!  When South Africa was in the midst of Apartheid the whole world turned round and damned the South African Government – and thank goodness they did.  But where is the world now?  Where is the UN, the US, the UK?  Playing soldiers in the middle east!
[deleted]
Well...saddam hussein was also an atrocious dictator.  The question is, can you fail to imagine an even worse Zimbabwe?
I totally agree.  A really terrible thing is happening and someone's first reaction is to compare it to America?  Which, by any reasonable measure, is nowhere near this situation?
Ja, we are having a hard enough time trying to sort out out own issues to worry about Mad Bob!
[deleted]
[deleted]
We could do a little condemning of our own, I suppose. We could have a foreign policy that doesn't make us look like an ostrich desperately trying to make a problem go away. I say "we", but I mean the State, of course, since even a member of the Tri-Partite alliance, Cosatu, has publicly denounced Mugabe and the situation in Zimbabwe.
&gt; They should learn that all rights are talk when there is no social acceptance of the right to bear arms.

So all the democracies in European countries where guns are banned are failures?

Sure, the right to carry weapons is nice, but it's hardly fundamental for society to function correctly. Ever heard of peaceful protest or generally just thinking about others' interests than your own when voting? What about educating yourself on party issues before deciding who to vote for? Are guns more important than all these things?

How many of your rights can be protected by shooting someone?
At some point(s) of their history, countries need weapons to fight oppression.
Indeed... "Quiet Diplomacy" is a about effective as our Health Minister! :P  Good to see another Saffer on Reddit though....
Do kids actually ask questions like this ? Isn't it more "Can I borrow the car tomorrow ?"
At some point in our history - the ability to fight off a government tank with a hunting rifle stopped.  

Honestly - stop acting like the public is in the position to start a revolution just because we can own small firearms.
"Robert who?"
I'm confused, several days before the elections, the BBC was claiming they would be fraudulent, but now the opposition has claimed victory, before most of the votes had been counted.

What is it?
&gt; At some point in our history - the ability to fight off a government tank with a hunting rifle stopped.

You are right. IEDs are more efficient.
[deleted]
Well, that's how it was done in my country (no, not Zimbabwe):

- no monitor access to counting procedure;

- large amount of ballot replacement/addition after voting took place

All that while exit polls at the booths suggested very different picture from those officially announced. By next elections though, exit polls were of course banned.
[deleted]
Where are rifles illegal and IED legal? Or are you saying that IED should be legal just in case the government pisses you off?
[deleted]
'Improvised' meaning made from random things.
no one leaves their home willingly.

zimbabwean refugees are not entitled to automatic refugee status in south africa and so find it near impossible to legally work in south africa.

home affairs corruption aside, zim is not considered at war (civil or regular) and economic reason is not enough to be granted asylum. you can claim political persecution which is difficult unless you're a card carrying member of the opposition (a death sentence in zim). hell, almost every zim town has renamed a central street after mugabe to appease their dictator.

although many zimbabweans are highly educated, they still cannot find gainful employment in south africa. many are forced into grey areas of labour no locals want such as guarding cars in parking lots which is solely supported by donation. car guards i've spoken to have college degrees and used to be teachers. although we have a shortage of much needed teachers in south africa, it's near impossible for them to teach here... there is only one authority to validate foreign educational certificates in johannesburg. they cost a bomb (per document) and many zimbabweans refuse to submit any clues as to their location for fear of death/deportation. remember these people are refugees!

you have to revisit home affairs every 3 months for your next stamp on your refugee papers. be prepared to wait for days in the sun with no food, water or ablution facilities (or loose your place in the queue). zimbabwean adonis musati tried to stick it out and died of starvation ([reference](http://www.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&amp;click_id=&amp;art_id=vn20080222112613662C340842)). imho, he couldn't pay the bribe-- which is considerably higher for persons coming from countries not consider for automatic refugee status (zim, malawi, etc)-- and so died trying the only route he could afford: the legal one.
Not random, but yes. So, again, what was the point? IEDs, not hunting rifles, are effective weapons against a modern army. Mortars, not hand guns, are useful against a modern army. Do you propose a "right to bear arms" that includes mortars and explosives and such? If so say so, if not then your point is irrelevant.
"How many of your rights can be protected by shooting someone?"

All of them if they're going to kill you.
[deleted]
This may be a compelling argument as to why individuals have a right to more than just guns.  But even so, guns still increase the cost of imposing tyranny.
Yes, they are a failure because guns are not just about shooting, but about power and who is entitled to have it in a free society.
My point was that it's hard to exercise your rights when you're dead. The right to protect yourself is the most fundamental. All other rights flow from this. 

Go take a look at Reason.com and Balko's series on no-knock raids.
I don't get it.
Why did Mugabe hold elections? He must have known that he would lose.
The only other possibility is that he was forced by outsiders, (maybe other countries). In that case where are they now?
It was quite obvious that he would lose in a free and fair election, so why try?

Summary:
What would you like us to do?
I have seen both the Arabic and English channels.
How many of your rights can be protected by shooting someone?
"How many of your rights can be protected by shooting someone?"
All other rights flow from this.
The right to protect yourself is the most fundamental.
IEDs, not hunting rifles, are effective weapons against a modern army.
Where are rifles illegal and IED legal?
I don't even know why I just said that.
But where is the world now?
So, again, what was the point?
Kid: I have no fucking idea.
At some point in our history - the ability to fight off a government tank with a hunting rifle stopped.
The Arabic news channel is more nationalistic and biased than the English news channel.
At some point(s) of their history, countries need weapons to fight oppression.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
