Original Response:
sigh. Different strokes for different folks. In the USA that's life in prison. I guess that in India, a 14 y.o. virgin (like life) is cheap.
Just from the headline I knew this story couldn't be from anywhere south of, say, Delaware.
Its a crying shame that anyone would need to prostitute themselves inorder to have enough income to survive...
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt; Any culture that accepts the exploitation of children (probably because of underdeveloped sex organs means tighter fit)

Who says anything about the culture accepting it?

I'm going to say what you have on your mind - this isn't a racial thing.  You better believe poor white people in eastern europe sell their young girls.

It's called poverty, you ignorant piece of trash.
You are a dick. Check human trafficking laws around the world. Learn some culture beyond what your church teaches you.
i wonder if he realizes this is india...
&gt;20 to 30 clients per day

!!!
Read the article. The money isn't spent on survival at all. It's tradition to blow all the 'proceeds' on an extravagant party.
&gt;Just like Muhammad and his 6 year old wife

Really? 

I mean, I'm not brining into question the veracity of your statement, just questioning your placement.
Your understanding of "marriage" in Muhammad's time is seriously flawed. It was a form of protection for women, when done appropriately. Obviously there were those who abused it.
[deleted]
I couldn't get over that neither. Assuming a person has a maximum of 12 'working' hours a day, that's a pretty insane run rate.
It's illegal in Europe and in America it is illegal to even partake while on foreign soil. It is not openly celebrated as an achievement on par with marriage as this article suggests. Deviant degenerate actions happen globally, however when it is a legitimized norm rather than a despicable taboo, as I feel it is, I am not being racist just because the perpetrator is of another race (did you know, or were you predjudiced to assume?) than me. You can't even call them a minority, they outnumber us by the billions, but because their standard of life is at a lower level any criticism and your a racist. You are skimming Godwin's rule with your first post.
If you want a visceral sense of how bad this scene really is, click the photo shoot. Get to the one with the bed in it. Child prostitution issues aside (the women do this through their forties, the article says), you would probably pick up a disease standing in the same room as that thing.
[deleted]
[deleted]
the bash of all bashes.
[deleted]
Its called marriage and women invented it
[deleted]
As I said, I don't question it's truth, it's just a pretty big non-sequitor.
Our ideas about childhood and puberty are relatively modern constructs. Girls this age have been having sex for a long, long time. And prostitution has been a way of life for almost as long.
Sounds like a good price. I wish I could get that here.
With a title like that, this one was nearly certain to be popular.
You should actually read the last two paragraphs of TFA
strange to me that the girls don't seem to mind being prostitutes. according to the quotes that is.

EDIT: Seriously i'm getting downmodded for that? 

&gt;Nita is only 13 but has opted to follow her sisters into the trade. It is her own "choice", because, she giggled, "I won't have to do any housework."

????
Didnt you just read about the Texas ranch?
That wasn't a non sequitor comment at all.  It's totally sequitor.

The story centers on a culture that accepts the sexual exploitation of little girls, and unkleman just pointed out that in fact the founder of one of the world's major religions seems to have sexually exploited a child.  That coupled with the fact that Islamic theocracies are among the worst places for women to live in the modern world makes this comment totally relevant.

That said, the Jewish and Christian religious books are also filled with revered individuals doing some pretty heinous crap, so don't feel too bad about Mohammed being a pedophile.
&gt; Our ideas about childhood and puberty are relatively modern constructs.

Nevertheless they _are_ ours.
Really.  I wonder why people don't consider that.  Trading sexual access for physical protection and basic survival needs (shelter food etc) is the oldest arrangement known to humans.  I'm sure it predates our species.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
To me, it reads like a random, vaguely related bashing of Islam for the sake of it.
Childhood, yes, puberty, no. The latter is the developmental stage during which a girl begins menstration.
&gt; openly celebrated

&gt; an achievement on par with marriage

&gt; legitimized norm


Get the fuck out of here, seriously.  Anyone who has even casually hung around Indian people knows you're full of shit.
so wow thats like 1 client every 50 minutes or so(on a good day[wow what is a good day])?
No true scotsman.
ballin im still 17, so id be legal to tap dat XD
read the article.  She'll be a prostitute for life; the first time is spent on a party.
This is horrible.  Poor girl.
You need an education.
you need a sense of humor, this isn't a fucking informational post, so don't quote me
stupid, stupid comment. jeez. read the article yourself.
You just uncovered the secret to writing episodes of "sex and the city."
Murder has been around forever; rape has been around forever. Just because it's been around doesn't make it right. A young child, who hasn't had the time to develop good decision making skills, should not be prostituted.
Poor girl?  A ton of girls voluntarily lose their virginity at 13-14.  At least this chick gets a fat stack of cash to throw a party.

This is not an article about rape or child abuse.  She's willingly whoring herself.
That's what puberty is? Wow, thanks for enlightening me. I never said puberty was a modern construct. I said our ideas about it are.
Shes cute. a little old for my taste tho, but still worth $1,200 bucks :D
How do you measure who has good decisionmaking skills? From where I sit, very few people -- adults included -- make good decisions.
Humor is extremely informational and usually gives you some insight into the creator's mindset
Read the last few sentences- it seems like there is a great deal of manipulation going on.
Poor girl who lives in a society that encourages her whoring herself.  It's not like she's experimenting.  She throws a party because it's inaugurating her life of whoring herself.  I think that sucks.
wa-wa-wee-wa... she is number four prostitute...
600$!
[deleted]
yes, women invented the most common way to oppress women.
[Took a wrong turn somewhere?](http://img.4chan.org/b/imgboard.html)
India? Islamic theocracy?
Using your body for sex isn't that much different than using your body for any other activity.  Shit, Shaq is so banged up he can't even hold his arms up anymore.  Most boxers get beat so bad they permanently damage parts of their brains.

We believe, in our culture, that sex is something special which happens with someone you love and care about . . . if you take that away, the job of a prostitute isn't much different than any other.  Granted, it has some hazards, but that's why you use safety equipment.
The tragedy here isn't that the prostitution exists; it's that instead of helping the women and girls in question stay safe in a trade that they will perform no matter what anyone says, the government knocked down their shelter.
now its more commonly used to oppress men take their house and stuff and be supported even after (especially) the dissolution. EDIT : At least in America.
Damnit, now everybody else is going to bid on her. Thanks reddit!
Regardless, it's too bad.
[deleted]
failure
5 at a time.
Read his statement carefully - he said that *our  ideas* about puberty are modern constructs, not puberty itself. In fact, if you had bothered to read his reply (only four sentences long) you would have seen it in the fourth sentence. I guess you just had to hit 'reply' after the third sentence.
"Angled Luffa" hehe cute. 
Wedge-Shaped-Luffa would be cool too, moar bathroom funnnnnnn! :D
Is it possible to buy her and set her free in america? Or would that just cause more problems?
They aren't mine.  It takes a real idiot to actively deny the reality of a couple million years of tried-and-true biology.
[deleted]
Spoken like a true pedo.
We'll I'm sold!

/and so is she.
Experience, education, age, and IQ are all variables when making decisions.  Children have not had time to experience life, nor have they been educated, be it a schooled education or a street education, to make decisions that will effect the rest of their lives.

In this case, it is young girls who have never had sex deciding they will be sex workers for the rest of their lives.  They can't possibly know what they're getting themselves into.
Condemnation about someones sexual preferences coming from 'FapFapFapSquirt' was definitely worth a chuckle.
If that was a joke, you're still an idiot.
No, 600£.  I think that's like $50,000 or so these days.
I wonder if it has to do with how you're perceived by the rest of the society you're in.
based on ...?
"My daughter will get educated, and not enter this profession," said Ritu. "I have seen what it is like. I don't want it for her."

I don't think most 13 year olds who have never had sex "mind" being a prostitute, but apparently those who have actually been prostitutes do mind.
No, the tragedy here is that these girls have no other options.  They can become prostitutes, or get married.  They have no educational opportunities, and they are denied the chance to fulfill any potential they may possess.

Fuck the shelter, send them to school.
a) Most women have sex before marriage so obviously marriage isn't the problem, it's sex.

b) Physical protection? Oh, is that why all men follow their wives around all day acting as her bodyguard?

c) Food and shelter? Oh, right... women stay at home and eat the food the man provides.
It's a bad joke suggesting you are either sexist, uneducated, or both.
To gain experience one must make decisions and be willing to deal with what those decisions cause. So how then do people gain experience if they don't have the chance to make decisions?

 Furthermore, how do you assume that everyone under a certain age has not already had chances to gain experience? I continue to find it hard to believe that so many people are willing to make generalizations about others though they know nearly nothing about the person. 

I choose not to comment on this specific case because I believe that the questions of first principle must be answered before things go further.
Maybe they meant that many clients were going through the brothel per day?
&gt;a) Most women have sex before marriage so obviously marriage isn't the problem, it's sex.

I'm not sure what you mean by 'marriage isn't the problem'.  What's 'the problem'?


&gt;b) Physical protection? Oh, is that why all men follow their wives around all day acting as her bodyguard?

No, that's why men buy houses for the women to be in.

&gt;c) Food and shelter? Oh, right... women stay at home and eat the food the man provides.

Err, right.  You are aware that's the arrangement for the majority of the world, right?
I upvoted you because I agree in principle, but I'm not sure that's true. I know many Indian men and women, many of whom came from lower castes and extreme poverty, who were able to become educated and now are working on work visas here in the US. The Indian educational system is actually pretty decent, including DVM and MD programs. It just doesn't have room for everyone. No easy answers, really.
No.. they invented calling it oppression to in turn oppress men.

Look, no matter what, men are going to try to get as much sex as they can get so they can *have* children and women are going to try to get as much from the sex as they can get so they can *raise* children. (Note the "can".)  

Marriage is simply a contract in which a woman trades exclusive sexual access to the man for resources to raise children.  Those resources can include money, protection, shelter, care, etc.
Do you deny that marriage has not traditionally been a form of prostitution? Women have used their sexuality to get what they want. They still do. What do you dispute?
I guess the term 'trailer trash' needs to be switched to 'stone hut trash' in india.
its very sad, but its common in poor countries to do what you must to bring money, if its sex, or even marrying someone you don't want to, its for the good of the family and considered shameful if they decline a marriage proposal from anyone with money. Its sad, but true
It's true, these are the justifications given by pedophiles
The best thing for her would be to pay to send her to a boarding school in the nearest city.  Wouldn't actually cost that much if you were interested (compared to bringing her here).
Go by the reality of what was tried and true for the past couple of  million years and with any luck we shall lock you away and throw the key. No point in debating idiocy further - the penal code shall suffice.
Jaipur is a rough place.  I visited there in 2005.  It's in India and close to Pakistan  and has a heavy mix of Muslim and Hindu culture.  I remember getting out of the car I was in and immediately being swarmed about by beggars.  They are organized and work together and cry out in the name of god for you to give them something - this, despite the fact that they usually work for someone who literally gives them food in return for their days worth of begging - almost like a mafia run begging racket, for lack of a better description.  

There is this one image that is burned in my mind of this absolutely gorgeous girl, one of the prettiest I have ever seen, save for a cleft lip.  I remember thinking how incredibly beautiful she was, she was softly singing a song as she carried a basket on her head down a back alley in front of a temple, and how tragic it was that she lived in a place so remote that she might never receive the medical care she needed.  

The people there are absolutely enslaved by their religion.  The region is rotting and poor, grand old historical palaces, like the one that's built on an island so that it looks like it's floating on the water, are surrounded by abject poverty on all sides.  

In their temple there is literally a pot that is I'd say at least 10 feet, but no taller than 15 feet high.  In it people throw what little they have as offerings to appease their gods.  

It was the very definition of culture shock and I'll never forget the experience.  It's a completely different world that is perpetuated by a whole host of unfortunate circumstances that we cannot even being to imagine.
Misleading title.  The virgin, a person, is not for sale; the right to produce a tear in her hymen is.  A number of people apparently value doing so very highly.
Marriage was not created by women to own men by a sexual leash. Marriage was created to give ceremony to female slavery. Girls were sold to other families where they would then be the legal property of their husband. This still occurs today in some countries. 

As for women using sex for money and things-- yes, this occurs everywhere (I would consider many women prostitutes who don't go by the official title)-- but sex and marriage are completely separate things, especially when discussing the invention of marriage.

EDIT: Dowries was the wrong word, when I find the word I shall enter it.
[deleted]
Much of the blame resides on the government officials who decided on a centrally planned economy that kept people in poverty.
More like $1,000,000,000,000.
ha ha
There's a difference between sex and prostitution.
I just wanted to point out a couple of things, since this article seems to be good at producing emotional shock:

(a) Every time someone advocates "keeping jobs from going overseas" -- even assuming that doing so is possible -- it helps perpetuate inequalities like this one.

(b) Tough competition for limited resources is the natural state of the world.  Most of us posting on Reddit haven't ever had to experience this directly, even though most animals and plants are constantly in such a situation, bumping right up against the available resource limitations.  While man has been expanding for a long time, he has historically rammed up against these limits; famine and drought were real threats.  We are fortunate enough to live in a historically very rare time, where rapid technological expansion has managed to outpace population growth in much of the world.  Electricity, improvements in science, improvements in selective breeding of animals and plants, automation, and so forth have suddenly drastically raised our ability to produce food; it has risen faster than has population.  Some of this can be credited to the [Green Revolution](https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Green_revolution).

This will probably not last forever; our population can be expected to expand until it reaches some other form of limiting resource, whereupon we will return to such a situation, where people starve and must fight to survive.

Enjoy it while you can, because evolutionary tendencies -- the tendency to expand until hitting resource limits -- will mean that your great-great-great-great-etc granddaughter will potentially look something like that girl.
Marriage is the ceremony of female entitlement through sexual coercion. Again I ask, how is that not prostitution? EDIT: and doweries were given to grooms for taking a useless mouth, not the payment by the groom for buying a "useful" mouth (as well as other useful orifices). The women were their own pimps
The fact is no matter who you are or where you live you are indirectly (and possibly directly) oppressing/abusing some people, animals and natural resources.  Your immediate culture decides which people/animals/natural resources end up being acceptable to abuse/oppress (and hide under the rug) and which are not. This is an inherent part of humanity, no matter how degrading it appears.  Multiculturalism is the realization that there is essentially no correct or optimal cultural decision, it is mostly arbitrary.  That includes your "feelings" and what you believe to be "true": just a product of your culture's decision.
You have changed the discussion from the creation of marriage (which was obviously not created by women) to the modern applications of marriage. There is no argument here. You are wrong, your joke sucked and you need to learn about the history of marriage on your own before I will discuss it with you further.
&gt;sex and marriage are completely separate things

You ain't kiddin'
i'll take two
At the same time, our capitalism and globalization results in the promotion of our values onto other cultures. Eventually, abiding by Western values and surviving would become mutually exclusive, yet everyone would be expected to do both.
You know what? It's even worse than that.  Expecting some girl to abide by our cultures values in addition to her culture's values *while she's not even living in our culture* would likely mean that that girl couldn't even live at all.
[deleted]
topics branch. seems to be a sore subject w/ u  though, so I'll leave it be.
Did I mention religion as a huge part of that cultural decision?  Yours has decided that abusing/oppressing homosexuals, incests, rape victims, particular poor people, and those not of your culture is acceptable.  Not only that, it gives you some feeling of relief/absolution through some outside-reality justifications in accepting that cultural decision.
So.. how much can i get for an 18+ year old blond hair blue eyed male virgin in the US?
Please ignore theoretical physics books on the wall and the star trek playing on TV.

I ask purely for the uhh... advancement of knowledge of course.
40,000 Indian Rupees? That's such a good deal!
[deleted]
Yea and this is in fact America's foreign policy. If you can not accept that, you probably do not know why Bush got elected for a second term. The majority of Americans could tell you though.
extremely sad...man i can't even imagine this kind of world
Keep in mind that prostitution there is a hell of a lot less safe than it is in a first world country where it has been legalised and the women protected by support laws.

So while in my view prostitution is fine, this is probably a lifelong dangerous situation for these women.

Also keep in mind that in the western world a prostitute can do whatever she likes with her life, she's not restricted by her initial choice.

Overall, prostitutes in third world countries don't have particularly free or good lives.
ill take ten
Brackets on the outside, please! If not for correctness, for easiness on the eyes. Round fits inside square!
It's two people rubbing a part of their bodies together.  The only reason there is a difference to you is because you grew up in a society that says so.  I don't like her situation but not because she is (gasp!) having sex for money, instead that it's easy to get diseases.
And she doesn't care at all, in fact she looks forward to it. Yes, poor little girl!
so strange and unlikely...
um, the penal code is thousands of years at best and not biological. Biology is far more powerful then morals. 

Look at menopause. In most animals only the old females can breed. Yet in humans that is flipped. Exactly why it's good for humans is debated, but it is good for society otherwise evolution would change it. Same with puberty, if it was biologically advantageous for humans to wait till their 25 to breed then puberty would move to that age easily.
&gt; um, the penal code is thousands of years at best and not biological.

Um, break it and we shall see if biology is also more powerful than iron bars.
only if you let it be. Prison is more of a mind-trick then anything. 

However, just because I can be locked up doesn't mean it has power over evolution and biology. The only way you could claim the penal code is more powerful is if you were in a Nazi regime where they practiced Eugenics. Otherwise you can't lock up evolution, maybe with enough time my relatives locked in the same cell would evolve to compress their skeleton so they could slip through the bars like rats sliding under doors? Or they'd probably evolve to enjoy the free food and shelter they get with prison, either way...
Um, you're a shitty troll.  Go watch Faux News and STFU.
You may be 17 chronologically, but mentally you appear to be about 8.
lol faggot
Wrong; it's OVER 9000!!!
Only that the whole community would be up against you.
(I 'm from India, and I know how things work there.)
Frankly, I don't really understand why there's all this resistance to what I see a very simple and straight forward idea all civilized persons ought to agree with: culture, morality, ethics and the law come before natural impulses. It really makes no difference what savages a million years ago did. We stand by _our_ moral ideas because that's who we are.

As for locking up evolution, I don't concern myself with that, not being a Bene Gesserit and all.
Your irreverence is unnecessary.
So... if I interpret you correctly, what you're saying is that, in order to ensure 13-year olds  don't want to become prostitiues... all we have to do... is have sex with them!
Awesome narrative. Thanks.
&gt;"For this, the man can have access to the girl for as long as he likes - several hours, days, or even weeks."

I'd say she's for sale
Yeah, I don't doubt it.
In the UK girls go to boarding school to learn how to become prostitutes.
If you take that away, you've taken away everything worth living for.

Can't believe redditors would presume to lecture the whole world about sex.
I'll Buy 3
Shall we start the bidding at $20?
Ah, the virtues of the Free Market.
Women provide more than sex I think..
for rent
http://marryourdaughter.com/
[deleted]
"The people there are absolutely enslaved by their religion."

So there is poverty only in India ?
I remember reading a quote by Desmond Tutu :-

"when the missionaries came to Africa, they had the Bible and we had the land. They said ‘let us close our eyes and pray’. When we opened them, we had the Bible, and they had the land"

So tell me why is there still so much poverty in Africa ?

And if you will be blaming religion for poverty then tell me why India have more billionaires than any other country in Asia ?

There was this poor Hindu called Dhirubhai, he used to work at a petrol pump. And was not educated. Today his children are worth more than $100 billion.

And this family is deeply religious.

And then so are 4th 5th 6th and 8th richest people in the world, all Hindus.

How is that possible for a religion that enslaves ?

Please tell me is you found somebody having a gun on poor miserable Hindus head to put money into those pots.

Were you forced to put money into that ?
I am Hindu too, and i to visit temples but i don't remember putting money into that.

I think it is up to individual, if someone wants to put some money to help the temple trust to maintain the temple then it is his/her choice.

I also remember various church backed organizations asking for donations in the name of Christ.

I don't find it very different from those pots.

BTW India's poverty is due to Islamic rule, British rule, Population, Illiteracy, Attitude and Over-reliance on agriculture and affect of globalization on it.

This is what our first prime minster said about cause of poverty in India. :-

Jawaharlal Nehru noted, "A significant fact which stands out is that those parts of India which have been longest under British rule are the poorest today."
In 1830, India accounted for 17.6% of global industrial production against Britain's 9.5%, but by 1900 India's share was down to 1.7% against Britain's 18.5%. 

And in present time the biggest cause of poverty is Agriculture.

Our farmers were recently exposed to Monsanto, and guess what happened (google it).
Also, In developed world farmers get a lot of subsidies (i remember GW Bush giving $200+ million to their farmers).
Same developed nations forced the developing nations to stop supporting their poor farmers. (read about WTO and farmer subsidies).

In summary, deindustrialization, declining terms of trade, and the periodic mass misery of man-made famines are the major ways in which colonial government destroyed development in India and held it back for centuries.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poverty_in_India#Causes_of_poverty_in_India

p.s.  I am not happy about India having this many billionaires, this divide is bad for my country.
&gt;No, that's why men buy houses for the women to be in.

Eh, here in the Denmark the couple share the bills.
but unless you believe in God or the supernatural you'll have a very hard time arguing that Bob and Jane should have the *same* morals. That's the problem. What happens is that the guys with the biggest sticks get to implement their own morals as the morals for all of us(laws). Of course, after a while they may not even decide to follow their own morals, but those morals were pretty good for controlling the other people who weren't like them. And the morals end up as a tool of keeping those people in power and other people out of power rather then anything good for society.  

Even if you do believe in God, what's to say LDS shouldn't be able to have polygamist sects have 14 yo girls being married to 30 yo men. Oh yeah, Christian morals. Then we just get fighting between the Churches.

I think being amoral(nor immoral) is the best bet for a society. Morals just modify the old dominance routine of the cavemen, doesn't eliminate or change anything.
After reading that it feels stupid to hate retarded macboys and tree hugg'n bitches, sad story indeed.
&gt; you'll have a very hard time arguing that Bob and Jane should have the same morals. 

I don't have to like it though. Certainly I don't have to go about justifying it. And it certainly doesn't need to be legal and I certainly can do my part to make sure it isn't in my country. 

&gt; Then we just get fighting between the Churches.

So then there's fighting. As the man said, only the dead have seen an end to that. 

&gt; I think being amoral(nor immoral) is the best bet for a society.

Without morals you don't have such a thing as a society. And if you expect amorality to lead to peace, well, you have another thing coming. 

If only the Church can hold proper morals together, which some contest, then I'll have to go with the Church. 

&gt; Morals just modify the old dominance routine of the cavemen, doesn't eliminate or change anything.

Modify and change are synonymous. And since when do you disapprove of cavemen anyway? I thought that was my part.
Why on earth would she want to live in America? I know Americans feel their country is some sort of paradise, but it really doesn't look that appealing lately from an outside perspective. If the child were to leave her home country seeking greener pastures, there are far more attractive countries she could could chose than America.
shot in the dark: regular education could work most of the time too!
the willful ignorance of a 13 year old child making a choice with such a profound impact on he life is depressing
I get the feeling you win most of your arguments by exhausting your opponent.
Now you're trying to defend it as if it weren't a joke.

Trying too hard only leads to more fail.
Come now, I've only written two posts of some length here and even those are each about two thirds the size of the post I was replying to.
you can modify a gun and not change the fact that it still shoot bullets. That was my usage of the words.

A for an amoral society. A moral doesn't mean immoral. It just means the morals are adaptive and loose. In other words, not necessarily that you don't believe there aren't morals, but that "morals" don't exist in and of themselves. That I believe will lead to peace very easily as it lends itself to understanding.

Morals such as set laws, "good" and "bad" can only be set by supernatural.(Although interesting contradictions do come from this, Churches tend to ignore them)

I never said you have to like it. I don't want to stop you from that. Just that you shouldn't force your not liking it on other people. If people wanted to live under a neo-nazi hitler regime I'd be fine with it. So long as me and everyone else is free to not live in it if they so choose. 

Have to make this short, heading to work, so I won't get back to any response for 8 hours at least. Maybe not till tomorrow, so take your time.
I was planning to let you have the final word, I don't think I have a lot to add to what I wrote before. Besides, I want to prove gmick wrong :P
What? 9000?
That is so true.
Yeah, it's a different world out there...
:O

Is this good? Bad?

This is as confusing as hell, but it makes me feel dirty just reading it.
Look, men and women both want sex and they both want children. Marriage is a way for men to keep women safely out of the reach of other men and in a place where they can take care of their children and of them. This is really basic information, I'm surprised you're as confused as you are.
&gt;How is that possible for a religion that enslaves ?

[Caste System](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caste_system_in_India)

&gt;India's poverty is due to Islamic rule, British rule, Population, Illiteracy, Attitude and Over-reliance on agriculture and affect of globalization on it.

Way to blame India's poverty on every possible thing other than yourself. Never mind the fact that your religion upholds a whole caste of untouchable, or essentially slaves.
I am defending it's relevance against the insult of me being sexist and/or uneducated.
Then you're a fucking idiot.

Oh look, the baby is playing with a machete. Let him do that while we philosophize about first principles!

&gt; how do you assume that everyone under a certain age has not already had chances to gain experience? 

It's called judgement. Something you lack which lets me perceive that you are a mentally deficient mongoloid.
And guess what, **it doesn't matter** that our ideas are a modern construct. Human fucking rights are a modern construct!!
Wow, the guy who points to human rights and the law gets downmodded while the pedophile apologist gets upmodded. Well, I guess we know what kind of redditors were attracted to this story now, don't we?
There is only one set of moral principles justifiable philosophically. So just for your information, it is VERY EASY to argue that everyone ought to have the same morals. In fact, it's so fucking easy that it comes from the DEFINITION of morals.
Morals are a theoretical quasi-mathematical construct. You of course don't care about this because you are desperately trying to justify being an amoral bag of scum. Oh and "adaptive and loose" isn't synonymous with amoral. Amoral is what you are: having no morals whatsoever, believing they don't exist. But then, what can one expect from a Nazi? You make me sick.
Yes, but the problem is making a live-changing decision like that at such an early age.  Her choices are limited due to her surroundings and the culture that celebrates one profession over others, so she chooses this.

If I had done everything I thought I wanted to do when I was 13, I wouldn't happy anymore.
Why is this guy getting down modded?
[deleted]
&gt;How do you measure who has good decisionmaking skills?

If you can't measure it for an individual, or it is too expensive to do so (e.g. fMRI scans combined with psychological tests), then we should resort to other means, say, based on a normal distribution.

Since *the human brain does not mature* until in your late teens or early 20s, how about we follow typical "age of consent" laws.

i.e. "You can't be a prosititute until you are 18 or 21"  (depending on your local laws that define you as a fully legal adult)
I was merely making an observation about the way things worked in this city - not religion or poverty on the whole.
Of course if I saw a baby playing with a machete I would attempt to safely separate the two, it is obvious a baby doesn't have the ability to understand exactly what it is doing, it probably doesn't even have the strength to lift a machete. 

That aside, how do you justify passing judgment on the abilities of a person whom you have never once met? Honestly it seems to me that you are quite comfortable doing so, though I don't quite understand why.
People like to think it's that simple, but it's not.  Female reproductive cost per child is much higher than for males in mammals.  On the other hand, reproductive certainty is much lower for males than females.  (Females always know who their offspring are, males don't).   In a marriage contract, males give up resources for reproductive certainty and females offer fidelity in exchange for those resources.  
People like to think we're different from animals because we're human, but we're not it this respect.  The same things just occur on a deeper level.  We wouldn't be here if it didn't.
THIS IS SPARTA x30!
You seem to be awfully comfortable passing judgement on the abilities of babies whom you have never once met. Hypocrite!
She's not that hot.
Which part of your religion promoting that attitude did *you* not understand?

I'm not saying your stated reasons are are false, I'm stating that they're not the only ones.
You make some interesting points but the over all tone of your screed is that you are offended by someone criticizing YOUR culture.
 
I  have visited India a few times and find rabidmonkey1's comment to be very personal and anecdotal but not far off the mark. 
 
Apart from that, to boil down India's poverty to "BTW India's poverty is due to Islamic rule, British rule, Population, Illiteracy, Attitude and Over-reliance on agriculture and affect of globalization on it."
is disingenuous at best. There are so many things to be proud of with regards to the history and culture of India. When defending it try to think clearly and not just react against a perceived insult by lashing out. 

The fact of the matter is that Hinduism does enslave. There are countless examples of how but the most obvious is the caste system. Many Indians try to ignore this or deny it outright . They are wrong. The caste system is alive and well and does much to keep the poor people  indigent  as it has for millennia .
I am sure that you and I can agree on some things that are attributes of being a baby, and  thus a baby would likely be by definition, someone who is incapable of acting safely with a machete. I would hesitate to label someone I have not met as a baby of course.
&gt;Way to blame India's poverty on every possible thing other than yourself.

Yeah i am to be blamed, that India have 50% reservation for the depressed classes in education and occupational opportunities.

If you will take your head out of sand and look closer, you will find out that there is casteism in Indian [Christians](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caste_system_among_Indian_Christians), [Muslims](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caste_system_among_South_Asian_Muslims), [Sikh](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_caste_system#cite_ref-67) and also the two Jew tribes who settled in Kerela.

Hinduism was term invented by the foreigners  for all the customs and beliefs in India, there are thousands of Gods Goddesses. We have many holy books.

None of which talk about caste.

Gita, Ramayana, Vedas, Mahabharata and Upanishads.

You wont find these books promoting Caste.
Where as Ramayana was authored by [Valmiki](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valmiki) and he was born into lower caste but due to his knowledge he became Brahman and today he is God. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valmiki

Another god in Hinduism is [Narada Muni](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narada)
Also born into lower caste.


So Hinduism is not very easy to understand. Hinduism is a way of life (according to a jurisdiction Supreme Court of India), and Casteism is a social disorder.

&gt;Never mind the fact that your religion upholds a whole caste of untouchable, or essentially slaves.

India's [Chief Justice](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K._G._Balakrishnan) is of lower caste.
India's most populated state's (with highest representation in parliament) CM is [Mayawati](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mayawati) &amp; she is from most backward caste. 

Leaders of almost all the regional parties in India are of backward caste. 

India's last two presidents ([K. R. Narayanan](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K._R._Narayanan),[Abdul Kalam](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A._P._J._Abdul_Kalam)) were of backward castes.
[^ Chains like this is how 4chan spreads.]
Depends on the catch-and-release rules. You'd have to check with the local game warden.
I take it that [Varna](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Varna_in_Hinduism) is not a Hindu cultural belief? The [sudra]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudra) caste is not one mentioned in any holy books? The untouchables are not commonly discriminated against in India?

I refer to Hinduism much like you do, as "a way of life," and thus include the common beliefs of Hindus in the definition of Hinduism.

I'm not saying that British rule and illiteracy have nothing to do with India's problems, I'm saying they're not the only roots of it.
Well, children have certain attributes, and thus children would likely be by definition, incapable of making decisions with life-long consequences.
I disagree with your view.

And yes i was offended, by this "The people there are absolutely enslaved by their religion".

I don't believe that India **was** a poor nation. Because Britishers were not attracted by its poverty.

And Hinduism was present before Islamic and British rule.

Casteism was used by the Britishers to exploit Indians by their caste divide.

I don't understand what you mean by slavery.

Kindly explain to me how a slave of Hinduism can be the Chief Justice of India, or its president or chief minsters. 

Why do Hindu slaves get 50% reservation in jobs and seats in educational institution.

Which Hindu god or book promoted Casteism ?

If you will read my reply to rabidmonkey1, you may understand what i am talking about.

Can you mention to me **ONE** Hindu religious leader who promotes Casteism ?

NO, you don't get it. So please don't act like you understand this social disorder.

Slaves were Africans, and Whites were their slaves.

Tell me whom do you see in India as the masters ?
In that case, then we must use more discretion when applying the label of child.
I don't believe that Hinduism promotes Casteism, but castes do exist.

A Sudra can write Hindu's holiest books ,a Sudra can be Hindus god. How can that happen.

And i don't know who you are calling untouchable, have you met them ?


Mayawati and India's chief justice are also untouchable.

So all their colleagues don't touch them ?

I don't think we have untouchability in urban India.I have not seen it. But it does exists in rural parts of India.
Anyone less than 15 short of a prodigy or less than 21 short of a genius, is a child.
See it is 01:00 am here in India.

So i may not be able to reply.

But from what i have learnt about India's society is that we have an attitude that we keep a distance with other populations.

For example when whe Muslims came they and Hindus used to keep a distance. When the first Jew tribe came, the maintained distance with the second tribe.

Even Muslims were not considered touchable.

In India if two different types of people who did not like each other , rather than fighting they would keep a distance with each other.

This lead to creation of castes, and untoucability.

For example people of one of the Jew tribe were considered untouchable by the other tribe.

I have already given the link about untouchables in Muslims, Janis, Christians, and Sikh.


White Americans enforced the slavery with a gun.

But i have never seen a person in India who have enforced caste system or untoucability.
I would be happy to answer your questions as you seem genuinely interested in a discussion. I am sorry but I don't really have time to go through everything point by point with you but it seems to me that you are reacting emotionally and are getting hung up on the idea of slavery as you understand it.


From 
http://www.thefreedictionary.com/slavery
"3. The condition of being subject or addicted to a specified influence."
I hope that your understanding of this definition will answer  your questions for you. It should do.
&gt;Can you mention to me ONE Hindu religious leader who promotes Casteism ?

[Yogi Adityanath](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adityanath_Yogi)


This also seems like you are being disingenuous or simply dishonest. Ghandi himself outlawed the caste system but you only have to be in India a day to see that it is thriving. Don't pretend other wise.

And let's see...
&gt;I don't believe that India was a poor nation. Because Britishers were not attracted by its poverty.
And Hinduism was present before Islamic and British rule.


Are you being serious? Are you saying that there was no such thing as poverty in India before the British and Muslims arrived?  The caste system keeps people segregated by its very nature. It is a vile system and is an Indian invention.

Please tell me you are not being serious.
I'm not weighing in with my opinion on the subject - merely clarifying what the_trout is talking about. (and I guess MrDectol has now edited his reply :-) )
I think i understand what is slavery.
And I too think that you are being disingenuous or simply dishonest.

Where did i say Casteism does not exist ?

It exists, but it does not exist due to religion. But due to people.

And when i see India's presidents, chief ministers and chief justices coming from a lower caste background.

I THINK THAT DISPROVES SLAVERY.

Poverty have always been in every nation.

But India was NOT a poor nation before the arrival of Britishers and Islamic rulers.

[In 1830, India accounted for 17.6% of global industrial production against Britain's 9.5%, but by 1900 India's share was down to 1.7% against Britain's 18.5%. (The change in industrial production per capita is even more extreme due to Indian population growth).](http://www.swaminomics.org/articles/19970817_colonialtheory.htm)

&gt; Please tell me you are being disingenuous.

No you are.

And Yogi Adityanath, is not good enough for me.So are all those Christian Missionaries are also promoting Casteism ?
If someone converts a person religion that cannot be called promotion of Casteism.
&gt;you seem genuinely interested in a discussion.

Where do you live ? It is 1:23 am in India.

So even though i love such topics, but i think i should respect by body clock.

Good night.
See, this is one of the reasons the situation is so tragic.  I've worked with a number of Indian men and women, most of whom were intelligent and competent.  From where I stand, the world loses out when these women remain uneducated, when they have so much more to contribute than their orifices.

India is still in the process of "becoming."  When educational opportunities are similar to those in Europe or North America, I think these tragedies will fade away.
Hmmm.
The "I know you are but what am I" style of argument leaves no room for understanding or growth. 
Have a nice sleep.
Which part of examples of gods like Narada Muni and Balmiki Ji you don't understand ?
Thanks dude, have a good day or night :).
Oh, are there untouchable gods too?
I am curious as to how you came up with those numbers.
It is pretty late but...

Yeah, Narada Muni Ji was born in an untouchable family.
So was the author of Hindu's holiest book Ramayana. (Balmiki Ji).

But due to to their knowledge about Veda and Upanishads, they became Brahmin and today they are considered God.

Now you get it ?, It is about knowledge.

When women are going through Menstruation, they too are considered untouchable. 

If i have not taken a bath, that means i cannot come in contact with any one doing anything religious or anything pure.

Many people believe that just by spending one day in India they get to know it, and i have spent all my life in here yet i am still learning.
By being very conservative.
Why do we have to be so damn 'civilized' all the damn time!? Why is it not equally acceptable to be 'un-civilized'?
So is that your way of saying that you made them up and that you think they are a bit low?
The International Criminal Court considers it a **war crime** to so much as enlist in an army anyone who is less than 15 years old. That pretty much tells all and sundry that these are children incapable of making such an important life-altering decision.

Furthermore, in our society most people younger than 25 years of age haven't figured out what they want to do in their lives nor who they want to be. That makes them non-adults. The emotional maturity to do so is simply lacking in most of the population, let alone young people.
&gt;but unless you believe in God or the supernatural you'll have a very hard time arguing that Bob and Jane should have the same morals.

How would God change that? It's very easy to prove that morals cannot have anything to do with God.
[deleted]
Thank you for enlightening me.
I suppose you're talking about the Euthyphro Dilemma which I hinted at. However that is not a problem with Gods and Morals, but simply the concept of the Judeo-Christian God and morals. Either way, regardless of if a God creates or makes the morals, he is the justification for them.
Neither is being moral synonymous with good. You can construct a moral code which justifies rape and murder or even killing the jews. 

When I was talking about adaptive morals I wasn't talking about real morals, since an amoral person doesn't believe they exist. I was simply saying that an amoral persons actions can be exactly the same as a moral persons, whereas a immoral person can't have the same action as a moral person. 

Being amoral also doesn't mean you don't care about the jews. An amoral person can easily have sympathy and imagine a world that they want and act towards it. If an amoral person wanted to live to 100, say, they can probably see jumping off a bridge isn't conductive to that goal. So without any moral code they can decide not to jump off bridges. If they change their mind maybe they'll jump. Not because either is right or wrong, but because of what their aiming at.
&gt; You can construct a moral code which justifies rape and murder or even killing the jews.

You can construct any "code" you want, but you can't justify it theoretically or philosophically.

&gt; I was simply saying that an amoral persons actions can be exactly the same as a moral persons,

No, actually they can't.

&gt; An amoral person can easily have sympathy

Morality has nothing to do with sympathy. NOTHING whatsoever. Not directly and not indirectly.

You simply don't know the first fucking thing about morality. And that's probably because you are quite the amoral little psychopath. I'd appreciate it if you shut the fuck up.
I can't justify murder, then how do you explain the Old Testament? There are plenty of passages where not killing and raping would have been immoral in the eyes of God. 

And I didn't say morality was sympathy. Simply that sympathy and other motives(even greed) can lead to a moral action irregardless of if it was motived by moral code.

I'm confused though, as you're saying that if it's moral to not steal that an amoral person has to steal? Am I correct?
&gt; how do you explain the Old Testament

By appeal to psychology, not philosophy you witless psychopathic moron.

&gt; Simply that sympathy and other motives(even greed) can lead to a moral action irregardless of if it was motived by moral code.

No, they can't. Morality needs to be consistent and principled. Inconsistent morality isn't morality at all.
if morals need to be consistant and principled then psychology and biology can never work. As they are guaranteed to change with evolution. So maybe you're talking about the psychology of a single person? Should we allow a psychopath or child rapist to murder as long as it is biologically driven, then? No, well then maybe the psychology of a group, but then we come back to a culturally driven moral system. Meaning it has no more justification then being the biggest stick. 

I suppose you could argue that evolution is also evolving a moral code, in a Platonic Ideals sort of sense, and I wouldn't disagree with that so much.

I'm not talking about a single action, either. I'm saying you could construct a theoretically person who's every action is driven by something besides morals, yet every action fits into X moral code.
You simply don't know what morality is. You claim to, you use the word, but you don't have the CONCEPT. You literally do not know what morals are anymore than a child would know what a Hilbert space is. And you really need to shut the fuck up about the subject because the only thing your insistence that morals can't exist is doing is aggravating me.
&gt;However that is not a problem with Gods and Morals, but simply the concept of the Judeo-Christian God and morals.

The [Euthyphro Dilemma](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/moral-epistemology/#TheFac) isn't specific to monotheism, or the Judeo-Christian God.

&gt;Either way, regardless of if a God creates or makes the morals, he is the justification for them.

Morals are committed to out of mutual self interest, and that is their justification. In other words, Bob and Jane and the rest of society should have the same morals because it is of mutual benefit to everyone involved.

&gt;What happens is that the guys with the biggest sticks get to implement their own morals as the morals for all of us(laws).

I think this goes back to the Euthyphro Dilemma a little bit. In some cases, the guys with big sticks will command it because it is moral.

Every moralistic code must have a system for punishing defectors, in one way or another. But that doesn't mean that any system of punishment is moralistic. 

&gt;Of course, after a while they may not even decide to follow their own morals, but those morals were pretty good for controlling the other people who weren't like them.

The morals didn't control anything, the fear of punishment did. If you want to equate morality with God's command (at least in terms of what morality's justification is), though, it makes sense that you also equate it with fear of punishment.

&gt;I think being amoral(nor immoral) is the best bet for a society.

What does that mean?
Well since Plato thought up the Dilemma it better not be. :p I just meant it's hard to justify God being all powerful and creating everything, when he has no control over morals. 

&gt; Every moralistic code must have a system for punishing defectors, in one way or another.

is a corollary of...

&gt; Morals are committed to out of mutual self interest.

because it someones self interest not to get punished, like you said. I suppose what this comes down to is 

A. I do not believe men are angels. Therefore even if men created laws to match some moral code, I believe they would abuse it for their own use.

B. Even with the dilemma some supernatural set of morals exists. You could also conceive of a God who must follow the morals or he'll explode or something. Personally I think you're making shit up either way, but without the supernatural I don't see a way morals can exist outside of someones mind. 

If someone thinks something can exist in the mind then I'd argue invisible pink unicorns exist. 

&gt;What does that mean?

'r' and 't' keys are right next to each other is what it means.

Anyway, I think you can even the redditcensoredme guy agreed with me, and this argument is taking the fun out of reddit. :(
&gt;this argument is taking the fun out of reddit. :(

Then stop arguing! Ethical subjectivism, or cultural relativism... whatever you're advocating, it has been shot to shit before reddit even existed.
I'm not arguing either, simply that there are no morals, or "good" or "bad" for that matter.

It's only taking the fun out of reddit because I use reddit to look at LOLcats and stop thinking. Not because I mind arguing it.
Ooooh, I'm shaking in my boots!  Get a life, Dio - you don't scare anyone.

Summary:
I don't want it for her."
I don't have to like it though.
You simply don't know what morality is.
"I have seen what it is like.
NO, you don't get it.
I don't believe that India **was** a poor nation.
So there is poverty only in India ?
I don't want to stop you from that.
I don't understand what you mean by slavery.
I think i understand what is slavery.
I said our ideas about it are.
Women provide more than sex I think..
(I 'm from India, and I know how things work there.)
You simply don't know the first fucking thing about morality.
I don't believe that Hinduism promotes Casteism, but castes do exist.
I wonder why people don't consider that.
And I didn't say morality was sympathy.
Without morals you don't have such a thing as a society.
the bash of all bashes.
Women have used their sexuality to get what they want.
It's not like she's experimenting.
I think that's like $50,000 or so these days.
Amoral is what you are: having no morals whatsoever, believing they don't exist.
Certainly I don't have to go about justifying it.
People like to think it's that simple, but it's not.
Its called marriage and women invented it.
I don't find it very different from those pots.
Not because I mind arguing it.
A moral doesn't mean immoral.
There's a difference between sex and prostitution.
I don't like her situation but not because she is (gasp!)
It exists, but it does not exist due to religion.
I never said puberty was a modern construct.
I'm not arguing either, simply that there are no morals, or "good" or "bad" for that matter.
So how then do people gain experience if they don't have the chance to make decisions?
Way to blame India's poverty on every possible thing other than yourself.
And i don't know who you are calling untouchable, have you met them ?
I thought that was my part.
In fact, it's so fucking easy that it comes from the DEFINITION of morals.
Oh, are there untouchable gods too?
And I too think that you are being disingenuous or simply dishonest.
strange to me that the girls don't seem to mind being prostitutes.
I'm not sure what you mean by 'marriage isn't the problem'.
How would God change that?
The people there are absolutely enslaved by their religion.
"The people there are absolutely enslaved by their religion."
And let's see...
&gt;I don't believe that India was a poor nation.
Either way, regardless of if a God creates or makes the morals, he is the justification for them.
I THINK THAT DISPROVES SLAVERY.
So Hinduism is not very easy to understand.
We stand by _our_ moral ideas because that's who we are.
&gt; You can construct a moral code which justifies rape and murder or even killing the jews.
People like to think we're different from animals because we're human, but we're not it this respect.
That's such a good deal!
A for an amoral society.
because it someones self interest not to get punished, like you said.
You can construct a moral code which justifies rape and murder or even killing the jews.
And prostitution has been a way of life for almost as long.
a) Most women have sex before marriage so obviously marriage isn't the problem, it's sex.
Yeah, I don't doubt it.
No, that's why men buy houses for the women to be in.
The fact of the matter is that Hinduism does enslave.
It just means the morals are adaptive and loose.
I couldn't get over that neither.
Girls this age have been having sex for a long, long time.
It's very easy to prove that morals cannot have anything to do with God.
That includes your "feelings" and what you believe to be "true": just a product of your culture's decision.
Look, men and women both want sex and they both want children.
Even with the dilemma some supernatural set of morals exists.
I'm going to say what you have on your mind - this isn't a racial thing.
&gt; I think being amoral(nor immoral) is the best bet for a society.
They can't possibly know what they're getting themselves into.
Therefore even if men created laws to match some moral code, I believe they would abuse it for their own use.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.75
