Original Response:
Well he has a point. If our capitalists are going to fuck up and then sleeze their way into getting a government bail-out..

Well technically at that moment capitalism is dead anyway and so you might as well completely socialize everything.
I was surprised that someone at that level would admit the money was fictitious just as all those radical articles about the FED said it was.
That article was shamelessly biased.
&gt; Well technically at that moment capitalism is dead anyway

Capitalism has always been dead. One thing a lot of people don't seem to grasp is that capitalism, much like communism, is an utopia.

&gt; and so you might as well completely socialize everything.

No, that'd be communism and it doesn't work either. What you have to do is find and strike a balance between them. One that works for your society of course, two different society will have different equilibrium points between the amounts of "capitalism" and "socialism" in the system.
I can see what you are saying and it is true that capitalism really is an unrealizable utopia, as communism is/was too, but clearly has been shown to be a failure due to its burdensome centralization.

The perceived capitalism of today with the Fiat Debt-money that we use in many countries is certainly not like the capitalism of old though, in which banknotes were once backed by something of intrinsic value &amp; redeemable, and banks were limited in their ability to issue new banknotes under the Law of the land, rather than the Maritime/Admiralty Law and Public Policy they operate under today creating "fictitious capital".

Capitalism has really been killed off since 1933 with the government bankruptcies, the gold turn in ([Executive Order 6102](http://www.the-privateer.com/1933-gold-confiscation.html)) by 'citizens', and the forced registering of all human beings as 'persons' (the Straw Man or Trade Name) and businesses as 'corporations' - both of which are *legal-fictions* or *legal-entities* that they can *act* on and so control under their Jurisdictions.

What real capitalism has been replaced by is the 'debtism' where people compete for new fiat debt-money issued by the banks and the central bank of a nation.  As money-supply is inflated, a "transfer of wealth" occurs from those holding capital to those who receive the new money and profit from it first.  Those with low cost debt benefit as their debts are wiped out, such as the large corporations.

I agree, a balance needs to be struck between the two, and we also need a stable monetary system or multiple stable monetary systems on which we can build.
The headline already shows. 
The UK isn't a big fan of EU regulating stuff. Funny that the headline and article suggests that London is full of greedy capitalists that don't give a shit about humans without capital, like it's based on people being able to steal from the poor. These people probably believe that the housing market crash in the US was positive... 

I hope socialist ideas like these will always be heared in the EU, or we might turn in to another US.
Well said. But how do you do that without centralization? It seems like the only way to "enforce" a system is through centralization.

Without enforcement the excesses of capitalism (slavery, pollution, sick and diseased workers, company shops) go unchecked. And so a central force is needed to control them.
&gt; And so a central force is needed to control them.

Yes, you need a state to enforce rules &amp; other constraints imposed on capitalism/the market. I don't think I hinted that you could do much without a state/central authority and if that's what came out of my post I beg you to forgive me, it wasn't intended.
No not at all. It just seems like a lot of people imagine capitalism functioning in this perfect government free vacuum. I mean technically communism is supposed to be government free as well.

But neither really in practice are. I don't think the blame for that lies with humanity. I think the blame for that lies squarely on the shoulders of the greedy and power hungry who cannot live without control over others.
&gt; I don't think the blame for that lies with humanity.

I think it does (even though I wouldn't talk about "blame" in this case): greed and power-hungryness is pretty much an emergent property of the current state of humanity. You can't have any significant subgroup of humanity without including greedy and/or power hungry elements.
I agree that there is within any subgroup of humanity a greedy and/or power hungry element.

However what percentage of the subgroup is that way vs how many in the subgroup are not?

Let me ask you this. Do you think a person is born to be power hungry and greedy? Is that an unalterable life script for a person? 

Or is it a personality overlay upon their real self that has been written and applied by generations of other greedy and power hungry members of the species?

Most of our rebellions against greed and power hunger have when successful, created a new greedy and power hunger structure. Often I think such rebellions are even lead by the greedy and power hungry who lack money and power.

But still, these are the actions of a minority of a our species. The rest of us are pretty mellow and just go with the flow.

Going with the flow seems on the surface to be a bad thing. But what if what it really means is to love one's family and friends more than money/power?

I like how you isolate the current state of humanity. 

What would you envision as a preferable state of humanity?
What a crock of shit.  "statesman" propping up their own central banks to print up money to buy their own govt bonds to prop up their own social programs are the solitary reason why all this reckless credit expansion has overwhelmed the system.  

Protecting the people would entail killing all the central banks and the "statesmen" along with them.
&gt; However what percentage of the subgroup is that way vs how many in the subgroup are not?

I fear it doesn't really matter, one or two human units exposing these behaviors are more than enough to ruin the whole experience.

&gt; Do you think a person is born to be power hungry and greedy? Is that an unalterable life script for a person?

I don't, which is even more problematic: it's very hard to "weed out" those who expose these flaws, because there is a high chance that others will rise to take the place left empty.

&gt; Or is it a personality overlay upon their real self

I don't think the "real self" is immutable. Personality and behaviors can be (and, as far as I'm concerned, are) part of the "mutable" self: they can change with time, but that doesn't make you any less you.

&gt; Often I think such rebellions are even lead by the greedy and power hungry who lack money and power.

That's often the way I see it too.

&gt; What would you envision as a preferable state of humanity?

I don't know, I don't have the knowledge or qualifications to deeply reflect upon such a thing, and the consequences (intended or not) that it could or would have.

For example, greed and desire of power are usually seen as negative qualities (except in the US maybe), but isn't the search for knowledge a form of greed? Or the search for the "rules of the world" a kind of desire of power over matter?
You don't need an actual central force - you just need a standard set of rules that people have agreed upon, but which can be enforced at local levels. Think large distributed system with many small feedback loops keeping everything in equilibrium (versus highly centralized system requiring large scale top down enforcement). The trick, of course, is designing that "standard set of rules" to encourage the overall wellbeing of the society without sacrificing individual rights.
"I don't know, I don't have the knowledge or qualifications to deeply reflect upon such a thing, and the consequences (intended or not) that it could or would have."

Trust me, you do. Your discourse proves that.

"For example, greed and desire of power are usually seen as negative qualities (except in the US maybe), but isn't the search for knowledge a form of greed? Or the search for the "rules of the world" a kind of desire of power over matter?"

You make some good points here that I have only been able to touch on mentally very tenuously.

I think you are correct that some could seek power over matter in this way. And thus be able to extend their power over others. People who use such power whether temporal or meta-physical always say they are doing it for "the greater good." 

I don't think that the search for knowledge is inherently an exercise in greed. But then neither is the quest for money necessarily. 

It all depends on what a person is willing to do, or more importantly, not do, on their quest that matters.

I think a spiritual change in humanity is very necessary. In this current state we feel that the vicious things we do to others do not affect us. Religion's have failed over and over again to provide this spiritual change because they became to wrapped up in politics and power.

At an individual level mankind must learn to pursue spiritual development. If this can be achieved in a few generations avarice and hunger for control and power would vanish.

Y'know some say that matter as we conceive it is merely an illusion anyway. If that is true than for a person to seek to have power over an illusion is just truly chasing his tail.

Even if matter isn't an illusion, control almost certainly is.
How would local feedback be able to change the course of a megalith like microsoft, or ford?

Also, what do you do with the people who agree to the rules, and then say, "hah,.. suckers! Now I know what things my opponent cannot do and so if I do them, I will have an advantage!"

I'm not arguing with you. Economic redesign is a must for this planet and who knows. You may be the guy who figures it out. But if you do it will almost certainly be because of the moronic questions schloobs like myself ask you.
It is pretty surprising. I just wish it didn't stink of rat to me. 

I have no trust in the leaders any more Alllie. Not even when what they say resonates with me. It just makes me feel like I am being conned with something new.
I think leaders these days see the superweatlthy as their real clients while the rest of us are like animals to them, a group they only have to consider if they fear we will rise against them.
We're gonna need new leaders. Have you ever thought of where we can find those who will not be greedy or a lover of control?

The old argument I thought was, "give power to the rich, they are already rich and so don't need to be corrupt."

That logic doesn't seem to work.
I'm not gonna denigrate all the wealthy. Some of them have been class traitors (to the wealthy) and come over to the working classes and help lead us to better lives. Often they were the only ones with education or enough freedom to do that. 

But I think real working class leaders are systematically destroyed or even assassinated. Very much like the Spartans used to secretly murder any helot who showed special leadership or intelligence or status.
welcome to the global nanny/police state
I'd probably be a bad person to "design" an economic system, since I don't have a deep enough understanding of all the relevant details, but I was just making an observation from my small experience at analyzing large systems (and all the stuff I like to read about).

There are many large, stable systems both artificial and natural which do not need a centralized mechanism to keep the systems "healthy". Heck, just every biologic level of your body depends on local-feedback-based-"decision-making" to keep all its bits running smoothly with each other, and capable of responding to external demands. (Although your brain has a lot of gross control over your body, it's not like the brain tells every single cell in the body exactly what to do - and even inside the brain, there are lots of feedback-based systems which in totality generate your "consciousness".)

One of the things that I have observed, however, is that humans are generally pretty good about making decisions about subjects that they have a lot of direct experience with. They aren't so good at making decisions about subjects where they don't have direct experience, or are operating on incomplete information.

This directly applies to centralized decision making, and was one of the big criticisms of the Soviet-style "central planning" economic model, i.e., no human or group of humans was capable of collecting or dealing with the sheer amount of information necessary to make  all the decisions for their economy to work in an efficient manner.

By contrast, a "free market" situation (where all decisions are completely between seller &amp; buyer) can be a VERY efficient way of allocating resources (assuming that both seller &amp; buyer have good information &amp; there is a reasonable amount of competition in the market), although free markets suffer from a "social good" viewpoint in that the local decisions between the buyer &amp; seller don't necessarily accommodate any kind of "social good" factor (Tragedy of the Commons is one potential side-effect of this lack of social good in a free market decision-making process.)

I'm rambling a bit, but my original point was that you can have large, stable &amp; adaptable systems which do not have a central decision-making mechanism. If you design the feedback mechanisms properly, then it doesn't really matter whether individuals try and game the system anyway, since the feedback mechanisms should automatically respond to such attempts &amp; counteract them in such a way that brings the system back to stability. This concept SHOULD apply to economic systems as well.

In response to your scenario about handling monoliths, I suspect that a stable decentralized system probably wouldn't allow any entity within the system to grow too large in the first place, since any large entity is going to (almost by definition) have the power to cause instability in the system.
I reason why you seem qualified to me to work on such a system is that you show a basic understanding of the whole point of financial transaction.

Money is literally a unit of energy and an economy is without a doubt when you strip away the gold, an energy system.

The way I see it is kind of like this. I work for X hours in a week. I am then given an allocation of chits which reflect my energy expenditure. I then take those chits and exchange them for necessary products. Food and what not.

So this kind of leads me to believe that you are current. When viewed as an energy system rules can be applied at that level which should result in the appropriate level of feedback controls if they are designed into it.

I just don't know how to do that. Maybe you do. Or if you don't maybe some guy reading our exchange will.

Summary:
I just don't know how to do that.
I don't think the blame for that lies with humanity.
&gt; I don't think the blame for that lies with humanity.
The way I see it is kind of like this.
But how do you do that without centralization?
It seems like the only way to "enforce" a system is through centralization.
I think a spiritual change in humanity is very necessary.
&gt; Do you think a person is born to be power hungry and greedy?
I like how you isolate the current state of humanity.
Do you think a person is born to be power hungry and greedy?
That's often the way I see it too.
&gt; And so a central force is needed to control them.
I think you are correct that some could seek power over matter in this way.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
