Original Response:
How inefficient.  I hear it's harder to sell the vital organs of prisoners that have been crushed.
[deleted]
Back in 1989 China sent tanks into Beijing to crush a peaceful student protest which had grown embarrassing to the central government. The crackdown was actually shown on live television overseas, largely because the Chinese government had no idea whatsoever of the implications of not ordering CNN to shut down their broadcast.

No one knows what will happen when the cameras *aren't* filming. I doubt they're going to hit those they consider "enemies" with bunches of flowers.
228 million in damages, 13 civilians burned and stabbed to death by the "peaceful" Tibetans
I looked at American cable news and saw footage of Nepalese military police beating monks with sticks during discussions of Tibet.  I watched Canadian news and saw video of Tibetan protesters smashing shop windows and flipping over cars.  Yeah, I think there's some media bias in the US.
Tienanmen Square Massacre
uh, that has nothing to do with Tibet. Not only that, that was back in 1989 bitch!
yes, i'm sure chinese communists are completely not at fault, as history rarely repeats itself /sarcasm.
perhaps if the communists kill enough people, they can make the world believe they are right and everyone else is wrong.
You are comparing a "peaceful student protest" with rioting that has destroyed both properties and lives.
PRC government sucked for using force on peaceful demonstration at Tiananmen Square.

Tibetans sucked for beating up random Chinese people on the street and setting stores on fire.

Happy?
Yeesh - looks like the China supporters have found Reddit.  I can't imagine why you're being modded down for straightforward declaration of the facts.
Yeah, I'm sure the vicious Chinese government has become much gentler since then.

The amusing part about all of this is how utterly tone-deaf the government in Beijing really is.  They're so used to everyone falling all over themselves to play softball with them because of all that nice cheap labor that they feel quite comfortable in doing this right before the Olympics.
Random people who are profiting from the invasion and settlement of their country, you mean.
The newspaper should have asked Thursday to crush them instead.  Saturday is known to hold pacifist ideals.
[deleted]
I noticed that since yesterday too. Maybe there are a lot of downmods by people who, nearly 20 years on, still don't know it happened.
If they don't know it happened, how could they possibly know to vote it down?
Are you serious? Two completely different situations in two completely different times and you point to some nebulous causation linked to the system of government of the entire country of China?

I'm not saying China is A+ number one, but you have to ask yourself - they've got an Olympic games on the horizon which just about the entire world is daring them to fuck up, do you think they'd really salivate at the prospect of blasting away at protesters for all to see?

"Chinese Communists," despite some argument to being at the root of Tibetan contention, are almost certainly not at fault for this particular rash of violence. They weren't looting, rioting, setting things ablaze and harming innocent civilians, and I rather believe the Chinese authorities when they say that the protesters were looking to make China look bad before the Beijing Olympics. If I were a Tibetan protester, (and I would be were I in their situation), I would do everything I could to make them look the fool before what the Chinese government seems to have decided will be its big coming out party. 

I fully support the desires of the Tibetan people to govern themselves, but harming innocents is not, in my opinion at least, the ideal way to achieve that goal. Already you can see the fun winding up - the Communists are linking the attacks to the Dalai Lama (uh-huh, *sure*), going straight to the top - to demonize and rally public opinion against the entire Tibetan 'state.' They are going to try and make it look like a top-down operation, and, predictably, the "Free Tibet" crowd will try to overcompensate for this by absolving the Tibetans of all blame and scowling at those evil Reds when they inevitably quell the violence and pen nasty columns in the newspapers. The distortions and rhetoric are already taking hold as both sides try to milk the death for their benefit.

Look, I don't care how many troop movements and carriers and elite battlesquadrons of Z Warriors the Chinese park a couple miles down the road. They are probably just trying to scare the shit out of the people *up* the road; *you stop a riot by putting fear and doubt into the minds of the rioters*. Hence all the Stormtrooper riot gear and lock-step formations that everybody screams Orwell over. Nobody is going to run if you dress up like Mickey Mouse and ask them politely to disperse. If 50 Darth Vaders are methodically marching your way, most people will get the heck out of there, whether they think they will or not, and that way the police won't have to waste bullets and foam spray and human rights credibility.

The Chinese government is stupider than I give it credit for if it plans to just roll in there dispensing death and carnage, then cover it all up later. By now they've learned that strategy usually doesn't pan out. Like you said, Tienanmen Square. That kid and that tank are maybe the second or third thing people think about that isn't on their take-out menu when they think of China - you don't think the "Chinese Communists" know that? You don't think they've learned from that?

I'm not saying China are the 'good' guys, or that they no longer shoot first and censor later (though, again, I doubt it in this case, since so many people are begging them to do just that) but it is an expansive country with a *massive* population, and it is tantalizingly easy to say they are evil because they are commies. There are plenty of other, more precise reasons the Chinese government should be taken to task, we shouldn't lay out arguments that are so easily knocked down, they hurt the entire premise. Plus - We spent decades swilling around in that sort of rhetorical bilge - can't we please avoid it this go-around? Or must, as you suggest, history repeat itself?
Did Saturday answer the phone?
Tiananmen. Spelling that correctly will inspire more confidence in your knowledge.
Was that actually a serious question? On the off chance that it was, some poorly-informed people would vote the story down *because* they don't think it ever happened.

It seems pretty obvious.

Summary:
You don't think they've learned from that?
Tibetans sucked for beating up random Chinese people on the street and setting stores on fire.
Back in 1989 China sent tanks into Beijing to crush a peaceful student protest which had grown embarrassing to the central government.
Yeah, I'm sure the vicious Chinese government has become much gentler since then.
I noticed that since yesterday too.
I fully support the desires of the Tibetan people to govern themselves, but harming innocents is not, in my opinion at least, the ideal way to achieve that goal.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
