Original Response:
it's a disgrace and a tragedy that this crisis has continued for so many years without resolution
If the Israelis would stop being militant asshats and get the fuck out of Palestine this "war" would be over.
the IDF attack helicopters also have somethign to do with it.
There's only one catch, catch 22.
After the creation of Israel, Arab countries stole an area four times the size of Israel from their respective Jewish residents.
Then how is it Israel built a functioning nation, economy and democracy in the face of attacks by all of its Arab neighbors?  BTW how many Jews are still in the ancient communities of Damascus and Alexandria?  Will the Arabs let their Jews return?

Why have Arab nations kept Palestinians in an apartheid themselves?  A Gazan can work in Israel before he can find workinEgypt.

Why is it Palestinians prefer blowing up children and murdering US senators to bilding a nation of their own?
The depth of your geopolitical understanding is nothing short of astounding.
Europe didn't want the jews back after the Holocaust cause they didn't fucking like them, and now this -- FUN!
&gt; Why is it Palestinians prefer blowing up children and murdering US senators to bilding a nation of their own?

What US senators were murdered?

To answer your question though, a suppressed population fight back with what they have are capable of. So while Israel drops bombs as their method of killing children, the Palestinians use suicide bombings.
Now the Jew's have stolen over 50% of the Palestinian land.

They deserve whatever violence they get.
Statehood and borders are determined by force.  Whoever has the most, gets the land.  That is the history of nations, like it or not.  Palestine has never been a real state and never will unless they take land by force like every other country has before it.
Where should those Jews go in your opinion? Can we trade, you get the land stolen from Jews(4 times the size of Israel) we get Israel(1 times the size of Israel).
i guess the terrorist breeding ground doesnt count...
at least this comment is downmodded.  i'd be worried otherwise.
Your point(citation needed) is irrelevant.  How exactly are the Palestinians to be held victim to the actions of nations states they are not a party to?  Because they're "arabs"?  If your beef is with those nation states, then take it up with them.
Jew's can go anywhere their welcome. They shouldn't however be annexing land from other people...
I'm not saying anything against the jews, so keep on worrying.  All I'm saying is that Israel was created as a reaction to the Holocaust and the jewish victims needed a homeland due to that.  The victims came from Europe so it would've made sense for them to find a homeland there, but nobody in Europe wanted them so they went to the Middle East -- nobody wants them there either.

But keep on worrying.
Excellent we can agree, currenty Jews are welcome in Israel. The definition of annexation is the legal incorporation of some territory into another geo-political entity. I think the word you were looking for is occupation. The proper use is Jews and they're not Jew's and their respectively. And I'm done arguing with a 10 year old.
Speaking of lack of geopolitical understanding, The rest of the thread will be filled with people saying the cause of the situation has nothing to do with religion - that the whole thing is about treaties and international law and the fates of the two nations should be decided by lawyers.
Excellent you’re an idiot who can't understand that kill civilians and taking their land is wrong. I' done arguing with retarded sympathizers.
For example Egypt was one of those countries and before the six-day war Egypt controlled the Gaza strip. So Palestinians were part of Egypt when Egypt decided to kick Jews out.

edit: [citation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_exodus_from_Arab_lands)
Wherever they want. Just stop the militarist act.
&gt; Where should those Jews go in your opinion?

Nobody says that Israel should cease to exist. What people are saying is that Israel should leave the occupied territories (West Bank and Gaza), and stop hindering the creation of Palestine. If they do that, peace will reign.
I disagree. I believe there's a significant population of Palestinians that wouldn't stop attacking Israel until the entire state was dissolved.

I'm not saying Israel is the good guy, but neither is Palestine. These guys are in the middle of a war, and Israel catches the flak because they're winning.
Don't underestimate the potential power of politics and persuasion.
The point he was trying to make, I believe, is that if the Palestinians put as much effort into making their own lands prosperous and sustainable as they do in trying to bring down Israel, they'd be better off.
When Israel left Gaza and began leaving the West Bank, Hamas began using Gaza as a staging ground for rocket attacks. Withdrawal from the West Bank completely stopped after a Hamas attack in which they killed several Israeli soldiers and kidnapped one.

edit: Israel didn't meddle in Gaza and the West Bank until it was attacked in the six-day war. There was no peace before or after that.
So, it would make more sense for Israel to actually be in Germany, no?
&gt; Nobody says that Israel should cease to exist.

Quite a few have said that, actually.  Hamas, so far, hasn't recognized Israel's right to exist.
I'm pretty sure Tel Aviv falls into his definition of Palestine.
When you base your whole life on the irrational belief that you are 'god's' chosen people and that 'god' gave this land to you the only possible outcome is violence and bloodshed. Irrationality has high costs in the real world. Unfortunately the US is forced to pay the financial costs of this mad state because of our own population of Israel firsters and christian tribulationists.
Maybe they aren't a viabale state because they have only one nationl agenda - Destroy Israel.

If they ever stop fixating on this goal and take up other aspirations ( like having a functioning economy, a compotent court system, bi-lateral foreign relations based on mutual respect instead of distain, honest journalism, and respect for human rights), they might actually achieve something, instead of being the terrorist-governed shit-hole that they are.
As a Jew, no thank you.
&gt; Hamas began using Gaza as a staging ground for rocket attacks.

When the Oslo accords were signed, there was a real chance for peace. It all broke down when an Israeli assassinated his own PM to stop it. This was followed by the election of a right wing a-hole as PM who completely destroyed the Oslo accords.

Both parties are at fault. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority from both sides want peace. We shouldn't let the extreme minorities control us.

&gt; Israel didn't meddle in Gaza and the West Bank until it was attacked in the six-day war.

In the 6 day war, Israel was the initial aggressor. Please learn some history.
Isn't that similar to the comment made by Bush that poor americans need to get a second job? 

I think that sometimes there are oppressive factors that keep poor people down and it's not just because they're "lazy" or invest their energy into non-productive tasks.

The odd part about his comment though, was that he said the Palestinians are killing our Senators. Did they ever take aim at McCain, Obama or Clinton?
The victims came from all over. Half of them were from the mideast. The reason you don't know this is because of Propoganda about Israelis being European invaders. It's a lie(and one based on racism) half of Israeli Jews are from the million who were expelled from Arab lands(plus non Arab Muslim countries) following Pogroms.
I was talking more about the reddit comments, but since we're on the subject ...

Only Hamas is still saying that. The rest of the Arabs, Fatah and the majority of the Palestinians included, have endorsed the Saudi peace initiative which will recognize Israel and establish normal peaceful relations with it in exchange for their withdrawal from the West Bank and Gaza.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab_Peace_Initiative

Israel rejected.

Btw, Iran is not an Arabic country, and is not very well liked in the Arab world. So its views are irrelevant in this case.
Oh, if only that were true.  If that were true this would've ended a long time ago.  Unfortunately, it's not nearly that simple.
Poor Americans don't need a 2nd job. They need a better job. 

No one should expect to live well off of retail or similarly unskilled jobs. Learn to do something productive that few others can, and your life will improve.

As for the senator assassination thing, I can't speak to that as I don't know of any such event. Maybe the OP can clarify when he replies.
It is neither caused by religion, nor by treaties and international law.  It is a real conflict between different peoples, over the most real things that people could ever fight over.  If it were merely religion, or law, it would be easier to solve.  But it's over identity, land, water, safety, survival, culture, respect, and many other things.
The Palestinians were and are residents of the land irrespective of Egypt's actions. Again, my point still stands that they can't be held accountable for actions that they were not a party to. You can't take out your grievances with the Egyptians onto them.

Sometimes you don't get justice, but I doubt you were personally victim to the events you raise.  There is a peace agreement between Egypt and Israel.  The Arab states have offered full recognition and diplomatic relations in exchange for a return by Israel to the '67 borders.  The conflict with the Palestinians are to be worked out with them; the actions of Arab states are removed from that.

Often in discussions pertaining to Israel I see a wish for moral equivalency, in that it is argued that Israel is just doing what others have done to them or what others have done to other peoples.  If I get mugged, that doesn't mean I get to mug others freely, nor should I strive to have that be so, you get what I'm saying?
The actions of Arab countries around Israel clearly show intent to attack. Ammassing troops along demilitarized borders. Kicking out UNEF. And beginning a blockage against Israeli ships. "Nasser proclaimed: "The armies of Egypt, Jordan, Syria and Lebanon are poised on the borders of Israel ... to face the challenge, while standing behind us are the armies of Iraq, Algeria, Kuwait, Sudan and the whole Arab nation.", "On June 3, days before the war, Egypt flew to Amman two battalions of commandos tasked with infiltrating Israel's borders and engaging in attacks and bombings so as to draw IDF into a Jordanian front and ease the pressure on the Egyptians". Considering Israel is the size of New Jersey, and every Arab country is sitting at its borders with its guns out, can you really fault Israel with being the first one to attack?
&gt; What US senators were murdered?

He's probably thinking of RFK and Sirhan Sirhan. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sirhan_Sirhan
Isn't that exactly the same circular logic used by the US regarding Iraq?
1 A.D. to circa late 1940's - Arabs and Jews live together, relatively peacefully, in the Palestine region.

1948 - Jewish immigrants from Europe, radicalized from the horrors of WW2 and Holocaust, against the U.N. mandate, ethnically cleanse themselves a country.

Source: http://www.counterpunch.org/shavit01162004.html

"Note: Benny Morris is the dean of Israeli 'new historians', who have done so much to create a critical vision of Zionism--its expulsion and continuing oppression of the Palestinians, its pressing need for moral and political atonement. His 1987 book, The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem, chronicled the Zionist murders, terrorism, and ethnic cleansing that drove 600,000-750,000 Palestinians from their homes in 1948, thus refuting the myth that they fled under the orders of Arab leaders. A second edition of this book is due out this month, chronicling even more massacres, and a previously unsuspected number of rapes and murders of Palestinian women. Thus Morris continues to provide crucial documentation for Palestinians fighting the heritage of Al-Nakba, "The Catastrophe.""

As a response, the Palestinian Arabs, kicked out of their homes in 1948, develop their own version of Arab Zionism (think about it) - a political movement to make a country of their own.

They are still at it.

And just like Irgun, Stern and other Jewish terrorist organizations pre 1948 and during the following wars, they use (the same as Jews and Israelis) terrorist tactics as were used against them.


THERE ARE NO GOOD GUYS IN THIS FIGHT.

It is all a shade of grey.

Of course, not according to American TV, where everything is not nuanced, and there is a rigidly enforced party line.

I would spam my blog all about this shit, but meh....You get the point.
What I'm saying is that they were Egyptians at the time Egypt began stealing land from Jews. Making them a party. You say Arab states have offered full recognition and diplomatic relations for a return to '67 borders and at the same time say Palestinian conflict is to be worked out with them. In '67 Egypt controlled Gaza and Jordan controlled the West Bank(although that was only recognized by the UK). Could you link me to the agreement they offered so I can understand it more.

You're right saying someone else did it to Israel is not a legitimate defence of an action. An eye for an eye makes the whole world go blind. What I was saying was is that Israel is full of regurees that had nowhere else to go. Kicked out from Arab States, killed off in Europe. Palestinians aren't the only ones suffering persecution. And considering Israel has been more welcome to Palestinians than their Arab neighbors, Israel has at least some moral high road here.
nice info! He was a christian Palemstinian at birth, but thats a stretch because he supposed converted to a couple other christian religions. I suppose thats a point to argue at least.
No, Israel could end the crisis any time. But it's a very good arena to test new weapons and blood new troops.

If you're in the middle of a forest full of wolves, it's not a bad idea to have a captive wolf to try your tools against.
&gt; These guys are in the middle of a war, and Israel catches the flak because they're winning.

Please. The word "war" suggests that both sides have roughly comparable strength and weapons. The Palestinians use barbaric and primitive attacks because they lack more powerful weapons, while Israel has one of the most advanced militaries in the world. 

The Palestinians have a huge and legitimate grievance against the Israelis. The Israelis occupy and bisect their land. Palestinians must routinely pass through checkpoints just to travel short distances. The Israelis frequently destroy homes, businesses and infrastructure. The Israelis restrict Palestinians ability to trade outside its borders. The Palestinians do no such things to Israelis - they are too weak to even control their own territory. 

The Palestinians do not have the option to live in peace because the Israelis interfere with their livelihoods. 

&gt; I disagree. I believe there's a significant population of Palestinians that wouldn't stop attacking Israel until the entire state was dissolved.

If the Israelis withdraw from the occupied territories and stop interfering with the Palestinians, and the Palestinians continue to attack Israel, then Palestinians will lose the sympathy they now have and Israel will gain the moral high ground. But it's laughable to suggest that Palestinians represent an imminent threat to wipe out the Israelis when in fact it is the other way around.
you make it sound like the jews and palestinians have not been co-exisiting for 100s of years prior israel
&gt;1 A.D. to circa late 1940's - Arabs and Jews live together, relatively peacefully, in the Palestine region.

[Hebron](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1929_Hebron_massacre)

[Safed](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1929_Safed_massacre)

[Tiberias](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1938_Tiberias_massacre)


Look at some history before saying anything about relative peace.
Should be a must read for anyone wishing to educate themselves on the subject...
Nice propaganda you've got there.

You know of course that Israelis also use terror tactics and far and away lead in civilian deaths right?
Nope they are not a viable state becuase they are under occupation. Once the occupation is lifted all those things you said are a million times easier to achieve.
[deleted]
I wonder how much of the problem is the billions upon billions stolen by the PLO? I wonder how much of the problem is that the money that they did spend, they spent on weapons and not infrastructure. No, it is not possible that the Palestinians bear any responsibility at all: it is always and must be Israel's fault.
How can they when they oppressed and contained in one area not unlike the Jewish ghettos circa 1943?
Yes, it is actually...
&gt;1 A.D. to circa late 1940's - Arabs and Jews live together, relatively peacefully, in the Palestine region.

Excepting when the Muslims decided that the Jews had done something wrong. Or just were in the wrong place, like Hebron in 1929 when the Jews were kicked out.
Why didn't they get their state in 1948?
How about the 850,000 Jewish refugees from Muslim countries?
What does his religion have to do with this? He was a Palestinian activist who killed a U.S. senator/presidential candidate because of his political position.
You make it sound as if the past century hasn't  been a bit more meaningful.
&gt;Isn't that similar to the comment made by Bush that poor americans need to get a second job?

If the primary first job was killing people, sure. Otherwise, no. 

&gt;I think that sometimes there are oppressive factors that keep poor people down and it's not just because they're "lazy" or invest their energy into non-productive tasks.

So that they primary political goal has been to destroy Israel rather than build Palestine is somehow irrelevant? 

&gt;The odd part about his comment though, was that he said the Palestinians are killing our Senators. Did they ever take aim at McCain, Obama or Clinton?

Just Kennedy.
&gt; if the Palestinians put as much effort into making their own lands prosperous and sustainable as they do in trying to bring down Israel, they'd be better off.

Except to build a factory, they need permission from the Israelis - permission that they don't get. To export their products they need access to their borders - access that is restricted.
Yeah Canada should do more to help this.
&gt;Palestine has never been a real state

In what way was Palestine ‘not a real state’ before the Balfour declaration? Or, come to that, before 1947?
Some other fellow linked to its wikipedia entry in this thread: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab_Peace_Initiative

I am not quite sure if you misinterpreted something I said; I should have been a bit more explicit.  The Palestinian conflict is to be worked out with the Palestinians.  The Arab backend support is there for when that is the case, and any issues with the Arab states are to be worked out with them.

I still disagree that because they could be labelled as Egyptians for a time makes them accountable for what other Egyptians have done, to say nothing of the greater morass of Palestinians born since those times that are truly removed from this discussion.
How do you define Palestine? Hamas includes Tel Aviv. Should Israel withdraw from Tel Aviv?
UNPOSSIBLE! you can't view the situation as a shade of Grey rather than black and white! We don't take a middle ground on Reddit! One side is right and thats it end of story!

:-P that being said up-modded. too true
When you've been in a war for generations neither side will back out, and the people on either side will be unwilling to back out.
it was a british protectorate from 1918 to 1947, and before that it was part of the ottoman empire???? it has never had any real national sovereignty.
I see we have another Talmud scholar.  

To but it briefly, in Judaism, CHOSEN =/= SUPERIOR.  In any way.
&gt;When you base your whole life on the irrational belief that you are 'god's' chosen people and that 'god' gave this land to you the only possible outcome is violence and bloodshed.

You must be talking about Hamas. Read their Charter:

[The Islamic Resistance Movement believes that the land of Palestine is an Islamic Waqf consecrated for future Moslem generations until Judgement Day.](http://www.yale.edu/lawweb/avalon/mideast/hamas.htm)

I hope you are not so misguided that you meant Israel since Zionism is primarily a secular movement.
compared to the situation that followed that period, it makes sense to say that it was RELATIVE peace...
The Jews and Muslims co-existed the same way Blacks and White co-existed in the South before the civil rights movement. As long as Jews accept their [dhimmi](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dhimmi) status things were OK.
…because Palestinains particularly, and Arabs generally, respond differently when struck by bullets, high explosive and bulldozers. And are fair game for experiments with ordinance.
Well said treebright.
Consider the point of view of the Israeli government. It's their job to protect their citizens first and foremost. Maintaining the appearance of having the moral high ground in the international community should be a secondary goal to stopping attacks, and even then only as an means to secure political support.
That doesn't make any sense (if I am cut, do I not bleed like a Palestinian?).  Israel has nukes so why waste resources figuring out which wolf poison works the best?

The more realistic strategy from Israel's perspective is that the focus is arguing over slivers of recently acquired Palestinian land and food/job supply, rather than debating the fundamental question about Israeli's right to exist.  Of course, that question throughout history is always answered by the ability to control your own border.
So, by that token, Australia is not a real state.

And it's big, too. Let's have it.

EDIT: Come to think of it, Canada’s a fair size, and quite pretty.
[deleted]
&gt; 1 A.D. to circa late 1940's - Arabs and Jews live together, relatively peacefully, in the Palestine region.

I think better dates would be 70 A.D. (which marks the Roman Siege of Jerusalem) to 1882 A.D. (which marks the beginning of Zionist Aliyah). 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siege_of_Jerusalem_%2870%29

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aliyah
I don't see a "Palestinian activist" connection. It would seem that this was an action committed by a single individual and not part of a Palestinian activist group.

Are you suggesting that an individual acting outside of a organization, but with the same stated goals of that organization, would implicate that organization? This would mean that one lunatic could bring down Greenpeace, because he wrote in his diary that he was against global warming!
i could be wrong, but was there dhimmi in effect in palestine in the first place?
Fanatics are the opposite of fanatics.
Killing of 67 Jews is not relative peace. And these were just a few of the many incidents that happened during that time period.
I wondered when you'd show up here.
It's not so much about being God's chosen people.

This is also a war of resources and territorial control.

Israel wants/needs as much natural resources as possible, since it brings wealth.  The occuppation is a means to acquire that, by making the Palestinian lives so miserable that they are forced to either live under tyranny or leave.
"Israel has been more welcome to Palestinians than their Arab neighbors"

That's funny.
In order to protect your people, you must first realize why your people are being attacked.

Continuing to colonize and oppress the indigenous people of the land is not protecting your people, it's aggression.
Israel is the aggressor in this war. They could stop the war by simply giving back the land they’ve annexed...

It's that simple, really.
Maybe on the short term. I think Israel would better protect it's citizens if the conflict eventually ended.
I don't mean to imply Israels innocence, I only want to stop people from over simplifying the situation.
Palestinians as a whole don't have a political goal of destroying Israel. You're trying to make that inference because that is the goal of Hamas. Perhaps you have a point, because the current leadership is indeed Hamas, but that still is a stretch to translate to the entire Palestinian people.

If it is the primary goal of all palenstinians to kill as many jews as they can in their lifetime, then I would have to question why that is. Initially that would tell me that the jewish state must be oppressive these people very badly to have a lifegoal such as that.
peace will never rein in the palestinian's eyes until they control ALL of israel.  giving them portions here and there will not end the violence.
Yup, when you see lies posted about Israel you can expect me to correct them.
Exactly.  Israel made it this way.  The extremist elements like the Likud and Shas parties do NOT want peace, but instead secretly plan for a "Greater Israel."

If anyone isn't aware of this plan beneath their plan, look it up, it explains everything the IOF and the government does.  Everything else is a deceitful side-show.
Canada and Australia are no longer British Colonies (and never were British Mandates, which I believe is what thelawenforcer meant by "protectorate").
They should give back all land per the 1947 UN treaty.
Maybe, but it's too late now.
One of the most retarded Reddit comments in a while.

The real obstacles in the eyes of Israel are relinquishing land, the ensuing shift in demographics around Jerusalem, and everything that comes with it.

This is why they are authorizing illegal settlements in the West Bank instead of giving up the land.
They did invent peacekeeping.
Here is a history of the Palestine-Israel conflict: 

http://www.cactus48.com/truth.html
goddamned xtian pretards.
Hey, what took you so long to get here and begin shitting all over everyone, asshole?
Utter bullshit.  Your 'belief' is nothing more than a feigned delusion that you use to justify Israel's continued oppression and genocide.
As well as posting on this thread.
FACT: The Palestinians have been co-existing in Palestine with various oppressive regimes since the dawn of time.  When is the last time that Palestinians attempted to 'conquer' anyone else's land?  NEVER.  All they ever do, century after century, is resist occupation by yet another foreign power.  This time it's the worldwide Zionist movement.
Read the rest of the thread.
Israel should let the Palestinians back into the entire area, give them a vote like any REAL democracy would, and nullify ALL of the laws that are based on favoring Jews over non-Jews.
According to you, not even India is a 'real state'.
You should take your hatred and bigotry someplace else.  Nobody appreciates your shit except people who share your hatred and bigotry.
I believe the issue here is where the money is going and who it is controlled by. An awful lot of money that could have been used to build infrastructure and make their land livable, instead was diverted to weapons and bombs. It's unfortunate that such a small percentage of Palestinians have had such a negative effect on the land that the palestinians have. 

If anyone is trying to claim that the average palestinians goal is to kill as many jews as possible, I would say they are mistaken. Similarly, I do not believe it is the goal of the average Israeli to kill as many palestinians as possible.
That's YOUR theory.  The evidence doesn't support it.
Israel is not and never has been a viable nation state.  Yank US support and they would fall within a month.
good point. The money could be funneled to good projects instead of violence. There is two possibilities though.

1. the money wouldn't become available unless it was for violence. A Saudi prince isn't going to donate money for a poor person to build an irrigation canal, but he will buy a few rpg rockets.
2. they could have tried to develop their land, but they are persistently stifled in their efforts by the Israelis.
&gt;The word "war" suggests that both sides have roughly comparable strength and weapons. 

Why? 

&gt;The Palestinians use barbaric and primitive attacks because they lack more powerful weapons

So their immoral actions are acceptable? You can't think of anything else they could do but blow up school buses?

&gt;If the Israelis withdraw from the occupied territories and stop interfering with the Palestinians, and the Palestinians continue to attack Israel, then Palestinians will lose the sympathy they now

So how come Israel withdrew from Lebanon and Gaza and the Palestinians still attack Israeli civilians and are so supported?

&gt;Israel will gain the moral high ground.

Having the high moral ground is not worth much if you lose the war.

&gt;But it's laughable to suggest that Palestinians represent an imminent threat to wipe out the Israelis when in fact it is the other way around.

It is laughable to say that Israel represents an imminent threat to wipe out the Palestinians when they have killed a total of about 4,000 over seven years, most of them militants.
That is what Hamas says. But you are down-voted because you are not allowed to say such things, it ruins the Israel bashing.
For what notion of "Palestinian land"? Jordan is Palestinian land, isn't it?
&gt;Nobody says that Israel should cease to exist. 

Excepting Hamas and Iran and some others.
See 1947 UN accord.
&gt;Btw, Iran is not an Arabic country, and is not very well liked in the Arab world. So its views are irrelevant in this case.

Given Iran's support for Hamas and Hezbolla their views are relevant.
As long as a concentration of Jews exists on that land, people will always be launching rockets into it, even after they would give back the land.
I don't agree with you completely on your second point. Hamas has played a role in destroying infrastructure and harming the land as well.
So it's OK that they annexed land based on some hypothetical?
What do you mean "first place"? The law and culture of dhimmi was in place for the last several centuries in the whole of the Turkish empire. In the middle/late 19th century the Turkish laws were relaxed. (There is a complex relationship between the Turkish laws and what happened in the various provences of the empire.) As the laws, but not the culture, changed there was an influx of Jews to "Palestine". (The influx was related to the change in law, but that was by no means the only cause.) So in the late 19th century you had Jews in Palestine who were buying land and standing up for themselves. This was a problem for many in the area for, again, complex reasons. One of those reasons, understandable if not admirable, is that the Turkish empire was crumbling and they were seeing how "superior" (in money and power at least) the West, the crusaders, were. It is really worthwhile to compare this to the American South post civil war. Jews/Black were the subject people and could do moderately well as long as they accepted that status. But when things changed, when so much was threatened, including religious/racial superiority, then violence increased. The concept and practice of dhimmi is critical to an understanding of the beginning of the modern problems.
So clear, so well argued.
Hamas would not accept that. BTW, what about all those laws in all those countries, laws promoted by Hamas, that favor Muslims over non-Muslims?
really? I always viewed them as the populist party, while fatah seemed like a puppet regime. Did they target Palestinian civilians in these attacks?
Why? What would you suggest for all of the Jewish refugees?
&gt;Palestinians as a whole don't have a political goal of destroying Israel.

I don't know about Palestinians as a whole, but as a body politic they elected an organization dedicated to destroying Israel.

&gt;but that still is a stretch to translate to the entire Palestinian people.

I think that the Palestinians are one of the most betrayed people on the planet. They have been used for decades by their fellow Arabs and by their leaders.

&gt;If it is the primary goal of all palenstinians to kill as many jews as they can in their lifetime, then I would have to question why that is.

Somehow I bet your answer is going to be that it is the Jews fault.

&gt;Initially that would tell me that the jewish state must be oppressive these people very badly to have a lifegoal such as that.

What a surprise. Of course you would never suggest that Israeli anti-Palestinian views are due to decades of Palestinian terrorism. The Jews are responsible for everything, the Palestinians nothing.
They did help with the infrastructure in some cases, in other cases they harmed it. 

There is some evidence that pipes destined for sewer pipes in gaza were instead used for Hamas' rockets. 
[cite](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1171894568749&amp;pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull) 

I also believe that using infrastructure buildings as staging grounds for attacks plays a role in the destroyed infrastructure.
&gt; Everything else is a deceitful side-show.

In other words, you choose to ignore the evidence to the contrary.

Fuck you.
What does that have to do with it?

How about they go buy a house somewhere else...
Yup. Romans. They knew how to run empires :-)...
[deleted]
Correct
That's possible--but Israelis apparently aren't willing to bet their lives on it. Since Hamas explicitly seeks destruction of all of Israel, and Syrian aggression pre-dates the Israeli presence in Palestine, I probably wouldn't bet my life on it either. Would you?
Well... Compared to killing of Palestinian civilians in the recent strife - it is.

E. g. 2001: A total of 345 Palestinian civilians were killed by Israeli security forces in the territories during the course of the year, of whom 38 were under the age of 15. 

http://www.commondreams.org/headlines02/0101-01.htm

And that was just the beginning.
Not partly. Completely. As an occupying power, Israel is responsible for the state of things in the territories.

E. g. here is a write-up on what occupying power is responsible for: http://www.amnesty.org/ar/library/asset/MDE14/089/2003/en/dom-MDE140892003en.pdf
Yes.
What evidence?  

Fuck you back, extremist Zionist, who misrepresents the will of the Israeli people.  You're a scumbag who is quickly going out of style.

Lie and tell everyone here you aren't aware of their (your) plans for "Greater Israel."

kein anu yecholim!
In 2001 approximately 150 Israeli's were killed from firing of unguided missiles into Israel only with the hope they kill as many people as possible, combined with suicide bombings. When Hamas launches rockets from school roofs knowing there will be a rocket coming back is the biggest reason for civilian casualties.
How do you suppose? Would they run out of food? Or do you mean they'd be slaughtered by Arabs?
[deleted]
&gt; Or just were in the wrong place, like Hebron in 1929 when the Jews were kicked out.

And 67 were killed and 60 were wounded, including 12 women and 3 children.  Tension was high over European Jewish immigration,  for reasons that become evident in 1948. The local Arabs flipped out over a rumor, and went to work with knives and clubs, and chased the historical Jewish community out.

And, on the flip side of the coin, in 1994 the Brooklyn-born settler Baruch Goldstein killed 29 Palestinians and wounded another 150 in Hebron, in a massacre as widely supported in the Hebron settler community as the Muslim massacre was by the Arabs (his supporters still make pilgrimages his grave). The settlers were trying to re-establish a Jewish presence in Hebron. In the resulting riots and clampdown, another 25 Pals and 5 Jews were killed, and a curfew was slapped on Pals but not the settlers.

So here in these two incidents we have the glorious inhabitants of the Levant, the people of God, the chosen of Yahweh and the disciples of Allah.
"Zionism is primarily a secular movement."

I LOL'D!
"Israel's continued oppression and genocide."

You've got that backwords...
&gt; So their immoral actions are acceptable? You can't think of anything else they could do but blow up school buses?

Look, blowing up marketplaces served the Israelis just fine when it was useful in the 30s and 40s. Massacring villages served Sharon fine when he wiped out [Qibya](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qibya_massacre) in 1953.  [Massacres and rapes](http://www.logosjournal.com/morris.htm) worked for the Israelis just great when they kicked out the Pals in 1948.

The strong have the luxury of pretending to be moral. 

I don't see the Israelis prosecuting Sharon for Qibya, or hunting down the war criminals of 1948. Nah, the Israelis made him *Prime Minister* instead of locking him up. Token morality is a luxury of the strong.
Yea! Why can't everyone on both sides just die already.
&gt;What evidence?

Oh, you know, those pesky little details that don't seem to fit with the "Greater Israel" theory. 

Like the million Arabs who live in Israel and haven't been killed yet. The electricity and water that Israel provides Gaza. Returning large chunks of land, like the Sinai, that could have been part of "Greater Israel."

But of course, all that is just a "deceitful sideshow." We already know that it's all about "Greater Israel." No need to bother with evidence to the contrary.

I have a better idea. Go blow up some more buildings here in America, then act shocked that we don't support your side.

Fuck you, Muslim.
Well Arab people and Jews might have been- weren't no such thing as a Palestinian 100's of years ago.
"The Palestinians do not have the option to live in peace because the Israelis interfere with their livelihoods."

Makes sense. If someone was messing with my livelihood I'd blow up their neighbors too.
Hamas don't fire from schools. They fire from fields in the main. You think they want to get their children killed? Fool.
But the Sinai and Gaza are not part of Eretz Yisrael, whereas most of the West Bank and Jerusalem is. Israel will never leave, they will just continue the settlement program and drive the Arabs into the sea.
LOL.  You have no idea do you?

First you call Hamas civilians, then you deny they use human shields.  Hilarious.

You're a muslim aren't you?
Wow, I've never heard of Baruch Goldstein or Kahanism. Thanks for that.

These right wing nuts are everywhere.
I could have been a little clearer, but my statement is correct as it stands. I did not say that the Palestinians have no option but to commit acts of violence. I said that they do  not have the option to live without being the target of violence and other disruptions (such as those listed in the preceding paragraph).
Drive arabs into the sea eh?  Seems curiously similar to this phrase;

http://atlasshrugs2000.typepad.com/atlas_shrugs/2006/01/hamas_will_driv.html

You're from Hamas aren't you?
I would be very upset if Israel allowed her citizens to die in droves just to satisfy people (such as you) who seek parity in tragedy.
That figure is rather large. It means that on average, every Jew leaving an Arab country owned property with an area of 400 meters by 400 meters. That is rather doubtful. If it were true, most of it would have been just farmland.

Edit: I see I am being downmodded for doing simple math!
Syria was so prepared for the upcoming battle that they had turned off their radar.
There is no occupation in Gaza. 

Israel retreated from Gaza in 2006. 

The only reason there are Israeli actions there is in retaliation to rockets fired into Israel, incited by the Hamas.
Your insight would be useful on [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_exodus_from_Arab_lands)
Benny Morris is a sensationalist and always has been.
Stop stalking me or I will report you for breach of reddiquette. You have been warned.
What are you talking about?
Didn't the Likud under Begin sign the peace treaty with Egypt and return all of Sinai?

Except for Gaza, of course; the Egyptians were smart enough to refuse that cherry.
Violence in no longer acceptable, we are not the barbarians of past centuries.
Do you have any evidence that Hamas routinely fire from schools? Or is it just your Islamophobia showing again? "Them Arabs aren't human, they don't care if their children get killed".
You don't have a clue, do you? 

There were no [Palestinian people](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_people) before 1910, and those are Palestinian historians saying it.
Another *Ass*torian. 

Ultra-orthodox judaism regards the state of Israel as blasphemy, since the kingdom of Israel,  traditionally, can only be reestablished when the messiah arrives. So yes, Zionism is SECULAR.
Sorry, it was the [Egyptians](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Focus) who had shut down their air defences.
What did they steal? 

The Un partition plan granted most of that territory to Israel. The rest was conquered after repeated wars instigated by Arab agression. 

And the west bank was never Palestinain anyway, it was part of Jordan, who killed more Palestinians than Israel ever did.
So they were stupid, they turned off their radars so they don't kill their own commanders. "Field Marshal Amer and Lt-Gen. Sidqi Mahmoud, who were en route from al Maza to Bir Tamada in the Sinai to meet the commanders of the troops stationed there" proving exactly what I said, they were massing up troops at the Israeli borders, and getting their commanders out there.
You're saying that if the 1967 borders were acknowledged by Israel, and the remaining Palestine territories became an independent state, "a significant population of Palestinians" would "attack Israel until the entire state was dissolved"?

Why would this "significant population of Palestinians" only find motivation to attack Israel after they gain independence and are no longer occupied?

Why won't they *dissolve the state of Israel* now? Not motivated enough?

Can't believe I was down voted. It's a simple argument, why aren't Palestinians dissolving Israel if they have that power, why would they wait until Israel grants Palestine what they want?

Your's a hollow argument. It just fits the Israeli agenda to maintain the stalemate, adjourning the inevitable conclusion.
Look up "dhimmi" sometimes, for a better description of that "relative peace".  The non-Muslims living in Muslim-dominated regions had to pay a special "life tax" to be allowed to live another year; had to wear identifying garments on pain of death; had to step off the sidewalk when a Muslim approached.  Peace?  Sure.  But there's a reason why all the Jews living in Arab countries fled to Israel when it was established - it's not because they were so happy there.
[Hamas firing from civilian homes with women and children inside](http://www.wnd.com/index.php?fa=PAGE.view&amp;pageId=57867) Do you want the links to videos of Hamas urging civilians to their homes so Israel kills the civilians too while going after Hamas?
IOW let them die. The ones from the Arab world? Too bad for them.
Why?
So your point is that some Jews did something bad so it is ok with you that Arabs try to kill them.
I am talking about unbiased reports of routine rocket attacks from schools, not one-sided reports of street fighting.

They routinely fire from fields.
From [hrw.org](http://hrw.org/reports/2007/iopt0707/5.htm):

"The Palestinian armed groups typically launch these rockets from fields or other open areas of northern Gaza toward Israeli towns. In some cases, the launch sites are close to populated areas."
&gt; So your point is that some Jews did something bad so it is ok with you that Arabs try to kill them.

My point is that anyone (like you) who claims any moral superiority for the Israelis is a laughable hypocrite.
Wow, for you this rates as progress.

Let's see how you feel about this statement:

"So your point is that some Palestinians did something bad so it is ok with you that Jews try to kill them and take away their land."
Nothing to argue, your statement that he is replying to is pure shit.

The settlements, indeed, the very state of Israel is all justified on the criminally insane tenet that God gave Jews this land and that God gives Jews the right to kill those they find on it.

It is no different than white supremacism as it was once practiced here in America.

Israel is built on racist hatred.  There is no other way of looking at it.
That's bullshit.
In the 21st century, attacks can be launched on any point of the globe from any other.  So to use your logic, Israel will need to occupy the entire planet.

BTW, Israel has never left Gaza (to say you have left means you have to stop going back in all of the time), and is building all new settlements in the West Bank even as we speak.
Not everyone can launch attacks from any point on the globe. And you can bet that if Hamas started launching attacks from Egypt, Egyptian authorities would put a quick stop to it. They use Gaza because anywhere else the local authorities would stop them.

You obviously didn't read my post, Israel didn't go back in until it was attacked, and was dismantling settlements in the West Bank at that point.
Back in 1 A.D. there were no Arabs in the Israel/Palestine region.  The loose Semitic tribes who would later come to be known as Arabs were in *Arabia*.
From your article: "Palestinian armed groups also endanger Palestinian civilians by firing rockets from close to populated areas, placing civilians at unnecessary risk." Also Palestinians have had to drive Hamas out of their neighborhoods when they tried to fire rockets from there(also in your article). How do you expect Israel to fight back against these attacks which from your own article are "attacks violate the international humanitarian law prohibitions against attacks that target civilians or are indiscriminate."?

Edit: Excellent article, I will bookmark it.
Well you got one thing right.  Sinai and the West Bank (also widely known as Judea and Samaria.  Hmmm... I wonder what ethnic group might hail from Judea?) *are* part of the historical Eretz Yisrael.
No, my position is that the Arabs started the violence in the 19th century, that they have continued the violence, and until they really accept a Jewish state the violence is going to continue.
Responded to this in another thread.
What Palestinians?  There was always somebody living in the territory you call Palestine since the dawn of time, but by no means was it always the same somebody.
You ignore the wars that the Arabs started, one of them before the ink had dried on Israel's declaration of independence.  Hardly "living together in peace."  So, insert before your 1948 entry: "Arabs attempt to ethnically cleanse Israelis out of a country."

Also, note that many of the Palestinian Arabs left their homes so willingly because they were promised they would reconquer it later.  Also also note that the neighboring Arab countries have not done much to help Arabs resettle.

I'll admit that Israel has done may things I oppose.  You are right to say there aren' "good guys" or "bad guys".  But to lay all the blame on Israel for the Palestinian issues with such broad strokes and ignore other issues is an overly simplistic view that neglects almost every other side of this conflict.
&gt;In order to protect your people, you must first realize why your people are being attacked.

Not really.  The Israeli-WestBank security fence (yes, in a few places it's a wall) seems to have reduced Palestinian terrorist attacks inside Israeli territory by, IIRC, 93% without anyone having to understand anything.

&gt;Continuing to colonize and oppress the indigenous people of the land is not protecting your people, it's aggression.

Since when were Arabs indigenous to anywhere but Arabia?  They invaded Byzantine Palestine, conquered it by force, and made their best efforts to destroy every other ethnic group they found there!

If the Jews hadn't been such dumbasses and waited for their "Messiah" (I'll give you a hint: HE ISN'T REAL!) they could have avoided this problem altogether by re-conquering their homeland of Israel when the Roman Empire crumbled.  Instead they prayed to go back.  Dipshits.
&gt;The settlements, indeed, the very state of Israel is all justified on the criminally insane tenet that God gave Jews this land and that God gives Jews the right to kill those they find on it.

No, that's the right-wing revisionist justification for the State of Israel.  The original justification used by its founders was an entirely practical one based on the need for a homeland and a state in order to ensure the ethnic and cultural survival of the Jewish people.  Essentially, "we will die out unless we get a home state, and this place is the place we can most justify making into a home state."

They only started into the religious bullshit after 1967 with the reunification of Jerusalem.
Not merely ultra-Orthodox.  Up until very recently (mere decades ago), most religious Jews of any stripe, from Reform jews in America to Orthodox Jews everywhere, believed exactly what you describe.  The religious were made to accept the State of Israel as a practical reality and adjust their theology *ex post facto*.
Quit shouting f*** you at each other.  It doesn't help the argument.
Not merely would Hamas not accept that, most likely the newly Palestinian majority of the newly "liberal democracy" Israel wouldn't accept that, and would institute another ethnic democracy (which is what we have now in Israel proper), but with the roles reversed.  Jews would live as an oppressed minority while Arabs owned everything.
They defended themselves in 1948 without American support.  All America did was recognize them.
Back before 1948, the Israeli Jews were in exactly the same position.  And they did it.
Or 3) Corrupt Arab leaders steal money that was supposed to go to humanitarian aid and use it for war on Israel so they can, in turn, steal the money meant for war on Israel and use *that* to build themselves really nice houses on conspicuously large tracts of land.

This is basically *why* Fatah was voted out of power in favor of Hamas; you should at least make the effort of understanding it.
&gt;I don't know about Palestinians as a whole, but as a body politic they elected an organization dedicated to destroying Israel.

Only kind of.  See http://reddit.com/info/6g94c/comments/c03rd2w .  As a body politic they chose to elect a party so fanatical that it could be relied upon to steal less from the body politic than the other parties.  Kind of like voting Libertarian for Congressional elections.

&gt;I think that the Palestinians are one of the most betrayed people on the planet. They have been used for decades by their fellow Arabs and by their leaders.

Now you're getting it.
Before '67 Egypt was the occupying power and the situation was exactly the same.
I don't think they really were in exactly the same position, as they were part of the one population, not segregated behind a "security barrier". But yes, apart from being completely different in almost every respect, you are right.
I take it you also noted that the article stated that there is no provision against fighting in urban areas, making your original post moot? 

Edit: And note the "typically launch these rockets from fields or other open areas", rather than "typically from schools", though I don't know if it was you who originally made that claim.
Excuse me, but the conceit that Israel is only retaliating is just that: a conceit.

You cannot allow a country to be created through invasion and terrorism and then describe all of the subsequent violence it inflicts as mere retaliation.

It is the Palestinians who are retaliating.  Not the Israelis.  The Palestinians were attacked first.
Need for a homeland, certainly, and much if not most of the support for Israel in the beginning was as a Jewish homeland.  I think that is something we can all support.

It's the part where Israel becomes the Jewish state.  You want to say that religion had no part until 1967, but I'm sorry, the very act of defining Israel as the Jewish state meant that this was the underpinning of the nation from the very start.

The religious bullshit may have been more obvious after 1967, but it was always there.  How could it not be with such a charter?
Of course, if the violence continues without end, the problem solves itself because we will surely reach the point very quickly where Israel is defeated.

I don't know whom it is you think is benefiting by all the revisionism you put out here, to say nothing of the outright lies.  If the reality is that Israel is a criminal state it doesn't help the Israelis who live there to continue to work to obfuscate that reality, it would be far better for all concerned to address the substance head on and have a little faith that a proper conclusion presents itself.

Here's a hint:  what will ultimately decide who gets what and who lives where?  It's a little something called money.
Honestly. Palestine lost the war 60 years ago. They got conquered. One of the last countries in the world to have truly been so in the modern era but that doesn't make it a tragedy. it makes them shit out of luck. There cannot be a Palestinian prime minister, there is no Palestine.
The UN placed the lines of Israel. And the second they did, Arabs all over the Middle East began attacking Jews.
"You ignore the wars that the Arabs started, one of them before the ink had dried on Israel's declaration of independence. "

Perhaps it was Israel who was to blame for the 1948 war?

Because they went against the U.N. agreement, which divided Palestine FAIRLY, and gave some lands to Jews, some to Arabs.

The nascent Israelis disagreed with the U.N. plan and so started a war to ethnically cleanse themselves a country.

Yes, you heard that right - it was Israelis who ethnically cleansed the Arabs in 1948.

Source:
Benny Morris, Israeli historian:
http://www.counterpunch.org/shavit01162004.html

"Note: Benny Morris is the dean of Israeli 'new historians', who have done so much to create a critical vision of Zionism--its expulsion and continuing oppression of the Palestinians, its pressing need for moral and political atonement. His 1987 book, The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem, chronicled the Zionist murders, terrorism, and ethnic cleansing that drove 600,000-750,000 Palestinians from their homes in 1948, thus refuting the myth that they fled under the orders of Arab leaders. A second edition of this book is due out this month, chronicling even more massacres, and a previously unsuspected number of rapes and murders of Palestinian women. Thus Morris continues to provide crucial documentation for Palestinians fighting the heritage of Al-Nakba, "The Catastrophe.""

I am happy to give you this history lesson.

There is far too much propaganda associated with Israel.

Me and my blog are here to give the 100% unvarnished truth.

Have a nice day.
uhhhhhh...

lie
Note the "typically", while the article described specific instances where Palestinians of a certain neighborhood had to actually kick Hamas out to stop them from firing rockets. There is a difference between fighting in an urban area, and specifically hiding in homes they know to have women and children so that Israel will cause the most civilian casualties and be seen as the aggressor(my article).
Because it wasn't the UN's land to give.

Or, look at it this way:

If the UN were to place a new line carving out land from Israel and giving it to the Palestinians, what do you suppose the reaction from Israelis would be?
Not going out and killing every Palestinian they see, as opposed to what the Palestinians and Arabs did when Israel was created.

Edit: After Israel was created Arab countries in the Middle East stole land four times the size of Israel from the Jews. Theres some carving for you.
Just like other historians...

Who use research, documents and interview people....
I'm not Muslim, guy.  You are touchy when you're exposed, huh?

Nothing you talk about makes the existence of the "Greater Israel" plan any less real, fool.  You act like I came up with it.  Do a search, you'll see.

And I see you already knew about the plan, since you didn't deny knowing about it.  In court we call that a "tacit admission."  Nice job.

In the mean time, fuck you, your extremist friends, your extremist relations, and your mom, in the ass with a ten iron.  Sideways.
He's a troll, but I beat him at his own game just yesterday.  Just don't feed him and he'll shuffle on.
&gt; It's the part where Israel becomes the Jewish state. You want to say that religion had no part until 1967, but I'm sorry, the very act of defining Israel as the Jewish state meant that this was the underpinning of the nation from the very start.

Only kind of.  A Jewish state can be an ethnically Jewish state, just as a Palestinian state doesn't have to be a Muslim state.  The only real definite religious bit is that a Jew who converts to another religion ceases to be defined as an ethnic Jew.

The fact that the State has allowed Jewish religious law to pervade life there is more of a result of a political deal that the secular founders of the state made with the older, deeply religious Jewish communities of Eretz Yisrael in the pre-State days.  It's very much like the way the Northern founding fathers of America had to ally themselves with the slave-holding Southerners in order to throw off the British -- the two groups had to agree to work together, but didn't necessarily like each other at all.

Hell, the Labor Zionists and the Haredim still fucking hate each other.
They'll just deport them when they find a suitable receptor country.  Some third world country in Africa or South America controlled by a US puppet.  In twenty years or so the political climate should be right.  Maybe less.
What were those numbers given as percentages of the populations?

Remember, better weapons + higher total population = more casualties, even if the relative amount of strife is the same.
Yeah.  They did.  They've changed.  Just like being a Republican used to actually mean being conservative, and not insane batshit neoconservative.  

Barry Goldwater wept.
I've seen plenty of humans who don't care if their children get killed, Muslim and not Muslim, so it's not "Islamophobia" to propose that Hamas doesn't care about their children.

After all, they really don't, since they've got so many more where those came from.  The Muslim world, Palestine especially, is currently experiencing a youth boom, which is probably contributing quite seriously to the constant state of war.
What, you mean the power of a bunch of hippies where kafiyehs to school and voting for Barack Obama under the futile delusion that he will Free Palestine?
&gt;Of course, if the violence continues without end, the problem solves itself because we will surely reach the point very quickly where Israel is defeated.

It's not the hating on Israel that makes you sound like a Hamas member, it's the acting like you know the future.  "We will surely reach a point..."?  Nothing of the future is sure!
Of course they would.  Even when the provocation is slight the Israeli response is always insanely over-the-top.  If any territory were actually taken from Israel the response would make what _some_ Palestinians are doing now look insignificant by comparison, and you know it.
&gt;kein anu yecholim!

Who decided to translate Barack Obama's rallying cry into Hebrew?
He's probably not Muslim.  Most people who speak Hebrew aren't Muslim.

He may well be an obnoxiously-leftist Israeli Jew.
But, but... Israel surrounds Gaza on every side!  How is a nation supposed to function when surrounded by other nations?
I know this was supposed to be a rhetorical question, but...

The Palestinians didn't get a state in 1948 because they, as a body politic, bet their land and sovereignty on an Arab victory in what we now know as the Israeli War of Independence.  They lost that bet, and when you play for keeps you can't get back what you lost on a bet.
One of the "Jews for Obama" I imagine.
Dream your little rat monkey dream.
I don't really get your point. You're saying it doesn't matter what Israel does, only that someone somewhere believes in "Greater Israel?"

Sure, I've heard the phrase "Greater Israel" before. It doesn't seem to me that Israel is pursuing that goal in any way, so it doesn't seem relevant. It's not the smoking gun you think it is.

I'm kinda curious, though. Are you the "obnoxiously-leftist Israeli Jew" that Ultimate_Reality thinks you are? It would amuse me greatly, so please, don't hold out.

For what it's worth, I'm hardly a Zionist. It would make me a bit sad to see the barbarian Palestinians "win," but really, I could give a shit whether Israel expands, contracts, or converts en masse to Buddhism tomorrow.
Are you suggesting there is provocation, that the palestinian people aren't saints?
I respectfully disagree. We are too polite with trolls and outspoken idiots. That's why there are so many of them on the internet.

And talking with a guy like neonominator isn't "argument." A guy like that can't be swayed with argument. It's just a bit cathartic to get on his case, that's all.
I don't believe I ever said that they were.  I just believe (and the facts clearly bear this out) that Israel is the aggressor and so most of the blame falls on Israel.

The Palestinians are behaving like anyone would behave to eject invaders from their home.

The Israelis are behaving like monsters.
Arabs took land four times the size of Israel from Jews after the creation of Israel, why can't the Palestinians settle there or the Arab countries give that land back?
if by "obnoxiously-leftist Israeli Jew" you mean the views of the vast majority of Israelis, then yes.  

I am not a minority religious extremist Shas or Likud supporter.  I am not a psycho settler.  They are not Israeli, they have just found a niche for their mental illness.

"Greater Israel" isn't a "smoking gun" it's a plan I've read about that the people who you support, support themselves.  You should be aware of what you are throwing your mindless support behind.  Also, have you done your IDF service yet, chickenhawk coward?  WHEN WILL YOU?  NEVER?  THEN STFU!!!
You're either very misinformed, or very cynical. The vast majority of the Palestinians, and Arabs in general, have endorsed the Saudi peace initiative where Arabs will recognize Israel, and establish peaceful ties with it, and consider Israelis as "Jewish Arabs", in exchange for Israel's withdrawal from the West Bank.

Israel rejected.

Btw, there are right wing Israelis who call for the extermination of all Palestinians:

http://www.disgrunt.com/blog/2006/09/21/jewish-rabbi-calls-for-extermination-of-all-palestinian-males/

What do you make of THAT?
You keep saying this, where's the citation?
[deleted]
Gee, I don't know. How does *Switzerland* manage?
&gt; I've seen plenty of humans who don't care if their children get killed

Sure you have.
&gt; Palestinians of a certain neighborhood had to actually kick Hamas out to stop them from firing rockets

I kew that, there are countless reports of people confronting them because they know that the inevitable Israeli response is to shell the position regardless of the presence of civilians.

Your article was from a Far Right source, and it's accuracy is questionable. Aaron Klein - who wrote that article - is notoriously biased. If a Palestinian gunman killed 4 people on a bus before being killed himself, would he write an article like [this](http://www.worldnetdaily.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=45608)?

Turning the tables, can you imagine reading this anywhere:

"Israeli mob lynches Palestinian who killed 4

Bus shooting called 'Palestinian terrorism,'

More Israeli retaliation expected

By Aaron Klein

A mob of Israelis tonight murdered a Muslim Palestinian man in a police uniform after he opened fire on a bus and killed four Israelis..."

Followed by a detailed humanising account of the terrorist, with interviews with friends and family.
You think? I read [thelawenforcer](http://reddit.com/user/[thelawenforcer/) as pedalling one of the huge range of “Palestinians don’t matter because…” arguments, which always strike me as kinda inhuman. 

It all sounds like, “unspeakable horror befell Jews in the 1930s and 40s, so if they wanna bulldoze some arabs, let ’em,” and I find it as distasteful as any bigotry.
The evidence doesn’t even support his conviction
&gt; You think? I read thelawenforcer as pedalling one of the huge range of “Palestinians don’t matter because…” arguments, which always strike me as kinda inhuman.

My second comment has nothing to do with thelawenforcer's views.  I just corrected his statement that Palestine was a British Protectorate- it was technically a British Mandate.

My first corrected your logical error: Australia &amp; Canada are already independent countries.  They are states in a sense that Palestine never was.
If it were the Israelis doing the “dieing in droves,” this would be a very diferent argument.

That fact is that the IDF kills about 10 Palestinains for every Israeli life lost. Interestingly, the SS used the same punitive ratio to deter resistance and insurrection.
OK; when you say "Australia &amp; Canada are already independent countries" (I take you to mean, 'like any other independent countries,' so forgive me if I missunderstand); in that case, could you explain the post “governor general,” and say why all countries don’t have one?

Palestine may not have had a state-like constituency like the US or France, but then, neither did Iraq, Syria or Iran. Imposing foreign ideas of what states should be doesn’t have an auspicious track record, especially not in the middle-east.
I had forgotten what is fundamentally frustrating about commenting on this site. The natural life-cycle of a comment thread is several days. But the comments are attached to stories, which are read--and not commented on--by the vast majority of redditors. The life cycle of a story is a few hours on the front page. Then it drops off, people stop commenting, and discussions stop after a few useless back-and-forths. Nevertheless, I'm curious about some things, so I'll keep responding for now, as long as you do.

You say you're an Israeli Jew. I thought it would amuse me to learn that, but it actually doesn't amuse me at all. I don't quite understand your mindset. The world is so full of people who would love to see you dead...and you happily go along with their thinking.

For me, this isn't about Israeli politics. I don't know enough about that to have meaningful opinions. It's about the international obsession with Israel which is rooted in anti-Semitism. Why is a country with a population smaller than Azerbaijan discussed on reddit *all the fucking time???* There are plenty of human rights abuses in Azerbaijan that ignorant foreigners could get uppity about, if Brad Pitt told them to. But these things aren't random. Issues become *causes celebres* when they corroborate some deeper, irrational belief.

During the cold war, we used to hear about Soviet atrocities *constantly.* Now, we're not at war with Russia, so who cares what goes on there? Americans don't, that's for sure. Now, the paranoid fear is that China will overtake us, first economically and then militarily. And whaddya know? Abuses in Tibet are front page news in Omaha. Gee, what a coinky-dink!

When it comes to Israel as a *cause celebre*, it stems from the anti-Semitism that Americans inherited from their peasant-fuck European ancestors. I dunno what it's like outside the US. But in Ameica--and absolutely on reddit--it's still there. We killed Jesus and we run the banks and media, after all. And you play right into their hateful, irrational bullshit.

&gt; Also, have you done your IDF service yet, chickenhawk coward?

The retort, I suppose, is have you fought for Hamas? No? OMG STFU!!! But I don't see how it's relevant. Of course I haven't fought for the IDF. I'm American, not Israeli. I haven't served in the US Army either, and don't really plan to. I do help pay for it, though.
I'm not saying there shouldn't be an independent Palestine or that Palestinians don’t matter because there isn't one currently, I'm just saying the situation isn't equivalent to an invasion of Australia&amp;Canada and the comparison is therefor flawed. 

My personal opinion is that there should be an independent Palestine established alongside Israel, but that Israel also has a right to exist, just like the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and any other country does, even though they originally got the land by taking it from the native population.

I think you will find it difficult to locate *any* country in the world today that wasn't at some point in time populated by a different people that were driven away by the current inhabitants.
Actually India isn't a state - it is a federation of states.
&gt; The word "war" suggests that both sides have roughly comparable strength and weapons.

No it doesn't.
[citation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_exodus_from_Arab_lands)
My point is that there is no typical or model states, that each countries history is particular.

Some countries populations have persisted longer than others (the Thai for instance, have never been displaced as far as I know, and many sub-Saharan Africans live roughly *where* their ancestors did), but what we’re talking about, surely, is the imposition of government. Some proportion of Palestinians are able to live *where* they want, they just have a bit of a problem with *how* they’re able to live.
American support started a couple of decades after Israeli Independence, and they managed for more than a month.
tldr
It does for me, but you can disagree. I think a lot of Americans are unaware how weak the Palestinians are.
The Israeli-West bank apartheid wall is also being used to grab and annex land.

There are many many areas in Palestine where the wall is being built where no terror attacks have occurred.  That wall is a tool of oppression, period.

"Since when were Arabs indigenous to anywhere but Arabia? They invaded Byzantine Palestine, conquered it by force, and made their best efforts to destroy every other ethnic group they found there!"

They've been there for oh... At least over 1000 years? Palestinians can trace back their lineage to many hundreds and hundreds of years.  They are indigenous.
Oh right, the bid for _still more reparations_.

Sorry, but it's all shit.  The article is clearly an advocacy page.
Wow you're insane, I'm done with this, you can argue your reperations theory with the wiki admins, I'm sure they'll have a good laugh.
You're criminally insane, you advocate continued genocide.  That you should hold such an opinion of me is delightful in the extreme.
Apparently my sarcasm didn't show through?
&gt;The Israeli-West bank apartheid wall is also being used to grab and annex land.

Grab, yes.  Annex, I don't think so.  I haven't heard reports of Israel annexing (ie: applying its own civil law) any new territory for a long time.

&gt;There are many many areas in Palestine where the wall is being built where no terror attacks have occurred. That wall is a tool of oppression, period.

Here's where you seem to miss the point.  The wall isn't made to stop terror attacks in Palestine.  It's made to stop them in Israel, and it does that quite well.  It's used for both protection *and* oppression.

As far as Israel cares the Palestinians can bomb each other all to hell.  The wall was made to reduce terror attacks on the Israeli side of the Green Line, and the evidence shows that it does that quite well.

&gt;They've been there for oh... At least over 1000 years? Palestinians can trace back their lineage to many hundreds and hundreds of years. They are indigenous.

So how many years before European whites become "indigenous" to North America?  How long must the Jews have been gone from their homeland in Israel to have become foreigners, and how long until they once again count as indigenous?
Apparently not...
"Grab, yes. Annex, I don't think so. I haven't heard reports of Israel annexing (ie: applying its own civil law) any new territory for a long time."

Are you serious? What the hell do you think they're trying to do with the settlements?

"Here's where you seem to miss the point. The wall isn't made to stop terror attacks in Palestine. It's made to stop them in Israel, and it does that quite well. It's used for both protection and oppression."

Here's where you seem to be missing the point.  The point of the barrier is to oppress Palestinians, to make them unable to move in their own land.  Stopping terror attacks is a secondary objective.

"So how many years before European whites become "indigenous" to North America? How long must the Jews have been gone from their homeland in Israel to have become foreigners, and how long until they once again count as indigenous?"

That's irrelavent, because it wasn't the Palestinians that made the Jews leave.  Palestinians (Arabs) have been there for centuries, it's their home and they have a right to self determination.
&gt; Why?

Because they are illegal and a violation of international law.

&gt; What would you suggest for all of the Jewish refugees?

How about bulldozing the settlements with the residents inside? That's the way Israel likes to deal with Palestinians. The refugees themselves will be placed in ghettos and oppressed through military occupation. Surely that will be acceptable to all Zionists and Israelis since it will be a page out of their own book.
&gt;Because they are illegal and a violation of international law.

Not everyone agrees. Then again, Hamas doesn't accept the 1947 Partition Plan. Do you think that the Arab attacks in 1947 play any role?

&gt;How about bulldozing the settlements with the residents inside?

Your desire for Jewish deaths is noted.

&gt;That's the way Israel likes to deal with Palestinians.

4,000 Palestinians have been killed by Israel in the last 7 years, most of them active militants. Your solution is to kill hundreds of thousands of Israelis (actually, of a million live in the area you want to give to the Palestinians).
&gt; Not everyone agrees.

Has no bearing on the fact that it is illegal.

&gt; Hamas doesn't accept the 1947 Partition Plan.

It has said it will provided Israel dismantles its illegal settlements, outposts and provides the territories back - the Palestinians have a right of return, something Israel is unwilling to do.

&gt; Do you think that the Arab attacks in 1947 play any role?

Yes, it provides Israel with an excuse for its expansionist policies.

&gt; Your desire for Jewish deaths is noted.

So is your utter lack of reading comprehension.

&gt; 4,000 Palestinians have been killed by Israel in the last 7 years, most of them active militants.

BS. Most of them have been unarmed civilians. This has been noted widely by human rights groups. Your racism is skewing your view of the facts by painting the Palestinians as militants.

&gt; Your solution is to kill hundreds of thousands of Israelis (actually, of a million live in the area you want to give to the Palestinians).

Who said to kill the Israelis? I only propose the same solution to the problem of illegal Jewish settlers in Palestine as Israel has dealt with Palestinian citizens. Surely there's nothing objectionable about that to the Zionists themselves?
&gt;Has no bearing on the fact that it is illegal.

Amazingly enough not everyone thinks you are the authority here. 

&gt;It has said it will provided Israel dismantles its illegal settlements, outposts and provides the territories back - the Palestinians have a right of return, something Israel is unwilling to do.

Please provide a reference for this. What they have said is that they will go for a cease fire if Israel goes back to the '67 borders, but their goal is to not have a Jewish state at all in the area.

&gt;Yes, it provides Israel with an excuse for its expansionist policies.

Of course. If you start with the idea that Israel is the Evil One, then everything can be seen in the light of Israel being wrong. 7 or so countries attack, that is just an excuse for Israel to expand, it is not a bothersome thing itself. 

&gt;Who said to kill the Israelis? 

You have made it clear you, at best, don't care if they live or die.

&gt;Surely there's nothing objectionable about that to the Zionists themselves?

So you would have no problem with Israel randomly firing rockets into Palestinian cities.
&gt; Amazingly enough not everyone thinks you are the authority here.

Neither do I profess to be, that the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories is illegal is a widely established fact. Those who disagree with it have no bearing on its legality, they are simply denying the truth.

&gt; but their goal is to not have a Jewish state at all in the area.

Hamas has called for a 10-year truce provided Israel withdraws from occupied territories, in the deal negotiated by Carter and also chosen to recognize it if it does so.

&gt; 7 or so countries attack, that is just an excuse for Israel to expand, it is not a bothersome thing itself.

After the the ending of that threat - it has used the war as a reason to continually expand its illegal occupation over land that does not belong to the state or Jewish settlers.

&gt; You have made it clear you, at best, don't care if they live or die.

Pray tell, do show me where I say "Israeli citizens should be killed." Or any civilian of any nationality, for that matter.

&gt; So you would have no problem with Israel randomly firing rockets into Palestinian cities.

Why would Israel randomly fire rockets into Palestinian cities?
&gt;Hamas has called for a 10-year truce provided Israel withdraws from occupied territories, in the deal negotiated by Carter and also chosen to recognize it if it does so.

You are almost right. They have offered the cease fire in the past. Not a peace, a cease fire. All Israel has to do is pull back from all of the territory taken in 1967, including the Old City, and Hamas will not attack for 10 years. Carter made some claims after his visit, claims that Hamas announced immediately were wrong. The cease fire gives Hamas 10 years to build up to take the rest of the territory they claim, which is the entire area.

&gt;After the the ending of that threat - it has used the war as a reason to continually expand its illegal occupation over land that does not belong to the state or Jewish settlers.

Ending? What do you mean? There has been constant attack and violence since 1948, but you excuse all Arab attacks and blame Israel for everything. Answer a simple question: what borders do you see as the valid ones? The Partition Plan? No Israel (the Hamas view)? 1948/67? And if the later, is it acceptable that we go back to the Jordanian rule of no Jews in the Old City?



&gt;Pray tell, do show me where I say "Israeli citizens should be killed." 

Of course you don't say so explicitly, you just say that you don't care and if Hamas does, they do. You say that Israel has no rights and the implication is that the Jews have to either just leave (for where, you don't care) of accept second class citizenship under Muslim rule.
&gt; The cease fire gives Hamas 10 years to build up to take the rest of the territory they claim, which is the entire area.

The land legally belongs to Palestinians.

&gt; Ending? What do you mean? There has been constant attack and violence since 1948, but you excuse all Arab attacks and blame Israel for everything.

Perhaps the fact that Israel is operating an apartheid has something to do with the violence. Just throwing it around since you seem to ignore the facts that the Arab attacks could have been prompted by the fact that the Palestinians have been living under a military occupation that has violated their human rights and terrorized them for decades so that Israel can have a Jewish majority.
&gt; Answer a simple question: what borders do you see as the valid ones? The Partition Plan? No Israel (the Hamas view)? 1948/67? And if the later, is it acceptable that we go back to the Jordanian rule of no Jews in the Old City?

The UN partition plan is the only valid one, imo, which must be accepted by both the Palestinians and the Israelis.

&gt; Of course you don't say so explicitly, you just say that you don't care and if Hamas does, they do. 

My belief is that there is no crime greater in this world than harming an unarmed civilian. This applies both to Palestinians and Israelis. The Palestinians have a right to defend themselves against occupation, that they have chosen to rely on the same methods as the IDF is deplorable - but until they are granted their human rights, homes/territory and right to return, this will continue.

&gt; Of course you don't say so explicitly, you just say that you don't care and if Hamas does, they do.

Seems a tad hypocritical for you to say that I don't care about citizens when you have several times called the death of unarmed Palestinians as "militants."

&gt; You say that Israel has no rights

Jewish settlers in Palestinian territories have absolutely no rights over the land.

&gt; the implication is that the Jews have to either just leave (for where, you don't care) 

Why is that objectionable when Israel has demolished thousands of legitimate Palestinian homes and left them homeless, yet when illegal settlements of Jewish settlers are concerned, you show great sympathy and say I do not care for Jewish lives. Do I sense just a hint of hypocrisy?

The Jewish settlers in Palestine are actually Israeli citizens. Even if their houses are demolished on grounds of them being illegal under international law (which they are), they can remain citizens of Israel. It is the Palestinians whose houses are demolished and who are denied citizenship into Israel on even legitimate grounds, and who are denied the right to return. Hell, they aren't even allowed to build new houses on Palestinian territory.The fact that you display such vile double standards in not recognized the apartheid against Palestinians is sickening.

&gt; of accept second class citizenship under Muslim rule.

What are you talking about? It's the Palestinians who live under second-class citizenship in Israel (infact, no citizenship at all).
&gt;The land legally belongs to Palestinians.

Which land? Tel Aviv? Why does it belong to the Palestinians and not, say, the Turks that the British took it from?

&gt;Perhaps the fact that Israel is operating an apartheid has something to do with the violence.

Given that the violence started in the 19th century, continue in the 20th (Arabs "cleansed" Hebron of Jews in 1929), and continued through the formation of Israel in 1948 it is hard to see this "apartheid" as the cause.

&gt;Just throwing it around since you seem to ignore the facts that the Arab attacks could have been prompted by the fact that the Palestinians have been living under a military occupation that has violated their human rights and terrorized them for decades so that Israel can have a Jewish majority.

I am confused, how was the Arab attacks in 1948 and 1967 so that Jews could have a majority? And what about Hamas demands for Tel Aviv, that it belongs under Muslim control?

&gt;The UN partition plan is the only valid one, imo, which must be accepted by both the Palestinians and the Israelis.

And how do you plan on guaranteeing Israel's survival under that plan? Do you think that anything gets adjusted given the Arab attacks in 1948? And do you think that Hamas will allow international control of Jerusalem?

&gt;My belief is that there is no crime greater in this world than harming an unarmed civilian. This applies both to Palestinians and Israelis.

Hamas and Fatah attack Israeli civilians as a matter of open policy and strategy. Do you think that Israel has a right to try to defend itself? If so, what do you think of the clear effectiveness of recent Israeli actions?

&gt;The Palestinians have a right to defend themselves against occupation, that they have chosen to rely on the same methods as the IDF is deplorable

I was not aware that the IDF fired rockets randomly at Palestinian civilians or that it sent people to blow up bombs in night clubs and marketplaces. 

&gt;Seems a tad hypocritical for you to say that I don't care about citizens when you have several times called the death of unarmed Palestinians as "militants."

People setting up and firing rockets are militants. In fact, given that they are firing those rockets at Israeli civilians they are terrorists. Your refusal to acknowledge that Hamas does this is interesting.

&gt;Jewish settlers in Palestinian territories have absolutely no rights over the land.

And Tel Aviv is Palestinian territory, at least according to Hamas, and so it is OK to kill any Israelis there. 

&gt;Why is that objectionable when Israel has demolished thousands of legitimate Palestinian homes and left them homeless, yet when illegal settlements of Jewish settlers are concerned, you show great sympathy and say I do not care for Jewish lives. Do I sense just a hint of hypocrisy?

Have you actually asked about the settlements in the territories? I am so busy defending Israel's right to exist and defending it against charges of genocide that discussion of other issues does not come up. I think that overwhelmingly the settlements in the territories are wrong and should be dismantled. 

&gt;What are you talking about? It's the Palestinians who live under second-class citizenship in Israel (infact, no citizenship at all).

In **Israel** Palestinians are citizens, they have more rights than people do in any of the neighboring countries. They have full right of worship, full rights of citizenship. The Occupied Territories are not Israel and the Arabs would be furious if Israel were to annex the land and make them citizens.
Read the [Hamas Charter](http://www.yale.edu/lawweb/avalon/mideast/hamas.htm), read about [dhimmi](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dhimmi), how Jews have been treated under Muslim rule. There are **centuries** of such treatment and that is the best that the Jews of Israel can expect. 

The years 1945-1950 saw over 20 million refugees. The formation of Israel saw more refugees coming to Israel than leaving. Yet of all those millions only the Arabs have kept the camps, only the Palestinians are still in camps (in the Occupied Territories, in Jordan, in Syria, and in Lebanon).
[deleted]
&gt; Which land? Tel Aviv?

You're really not as ignorant as you pretend to be, I certainly hope not.

&gt; Why does it belong to the Palestinians and not, say, the Turks that the British took it from?

Because the Palestinians have lived their for generations. How else do you define how one owns a land? I sure hope you aren't misguided enough to believe that the Bible has any legitimacy as a land deed.

&gt; it is hard to see this "apartheid" as the cause.

It's hard to see anything for you when you live in denial. The fact that you choose to deny the apartheid is just proof of that.

&gt; And what about Hamas demands for Tel Aviv, that it belongs under Muslim control?

Funny how you are more concerned about Hamas demands for Tel Aviv, yet choose to ignore when Olmert says that every inch of the West Bank belongs to Israel, and then approves of settlements that put that plan into action.

&gt; And how do you plan on guaranteeing Israel's survival under that plan?

By conforming to international law and abandoning expansion on Palestinian territory, Israel would gain a lot of international legitimacy. If Israel were to do that, a lot of critics would have little if any reason to be against the state's policies (provided they stop suppressing the Palestinians in their own territory and grant them their right to return).

&gt; Do you think that anything gets adjusted given the Arab attacks in 1948? 

Ofcourse not. The formation of Israel was conducted without the consent or approval of the natives of the land. A backlash was to be expected, from anyone who were in the Arab's position. That does not give Israel the right to occupy land that not belong to itself or occupy its inhabitants.

&gt; And do you think that Hamas will allow international control of Jerusalem?

Do you think Israel is willing to "share" Jerusalem? No, they want to make it the capital of the state and a Jewish majority, which is why they demolish Palestinian houses there. Somehow you are more troubled when Hamas makes a demand that Tel Aviv is theirs yet when Israel acting out on making a legitimate Palestinian territory to their state is something that doesn't even warrant a mention.

&gt; Do you think that Israel has a right to try to defend itself? 

Ofcourse it does, but the definition of defence that Israel and Zionists use is illegal. A country does not defend itself by imposing a military occupation and operating apartheid, neither by using a terrorist military force. The preferred method of Israel "defending" itself has been to kill a Palestinian than to save an Israeli.

&gt; I was not aware that the IDF fired rockets randomly at Palestinian civilians or that it sent people to blow up bombs in night clubs and marketplaces.

You're right, the IDF does none of that. But it has shot unarmed children, terrorized the population with sound blasts (which has caused 40 miscarraiges), suppressed their human rights, denied them their homes and work, deprived them of food and electricity, bulldozed Palestinian houses with people inside...I could go on and on.

But I forgot. It was only the Palestinians and Hamas who could be terrorists.

&gt; People setting up and firing rockets are militants. In fact, given that they are firing those rockets at Israeli civilians they are terrorists. Your refusal to acknowledge that Hamas does this is interesting.

Israel has killed more unarmed civilians than militants. The fact that you still choose to call the IDF efficient is despicable and continue to say they have killed more militants is blatantly racist.

&gt; In Israel Palestinians are citizens, 

In Israel there are no Palestinians, only Israeli Arabs. The government does not recognize Palestinian as an official nationality. Palestinians are denied citizenship through any shape or form, even when they apply through legitimate means (such as marrying an Israeli citizen). Israel has made it abundantly clear it will discriminate against allowing Palestinians who lived in Israel citizenship and deny them their right to return.

&gt; they have more rights than people do in any of the neighboring countries. They have full right of worship, full rights of citizenship.

I see you continue to believe the myth of Israel being a democracy. What kind of democracy is Israel where there is land allocated to one race, and communities and highways that only allow people of one race? What about Jerusalem where the government has been demolishing Palestinian houses to retain a Jewish majority? Next you will tell me allowing a Jewish person anywhere in the world to gain Israeli citizenship yet Palestinian people with houses in Israel who used to live there for generations being denied return after expulsion is not racist. 

Yeah, Israel is really better than it's neighbours...

&gt; The Occupied Territories are not Israel 

Ofcourse, by international law they are not. But Israel considers the occupied territories its own. Olmert has said thate every inch and mountain of Judea and Sumaria (west bank) belongs to Israel. The Jewish settlers in those territories are Israeli citizens who are protected by the Israeli army. By all means, the Jewish settlers are considered part of Israeli, the Palestinians have no citizenship. There you have the very definition of apartheid.

&gt; the Arabs would be furious if Israel were to annex the land and make them citizens.

Incorrect. Many Palestinians wish to return to their homes, but Israel, being an apartheid state, sees the very existence of Arabs in Israel as its destruction.

“The right of return is a recipe for the destruction of Israel, because it would flood the country with Arabs. We will not accept such a thing.” - Ariel Sharon

But let's all pretend Israel is democratic and does not distinguish between Arabs/Palestinians and Jews.

&gt; Read the Hamas Charter, read about dhimmi, how Jews have been treated under Muslim rule. 

There are many Orthodox Jewish people who believe Israel is only for the Jews. The second-class citizen treatment of Palestinians in Israel is one of the highest forms of racism. Why do you refer to Muslim persecution yet turn a blind eye towards Israel's discriminatory apartheid policies?

&gt; Yet of all those millions only the Arabs have kept the camps, only the Palestinians are still in camps 

They are in camps not by choice, but because Israel denies them their right to return (which is guaranteed to them by law) since Zionists believe the Palestinians very existence within the state would destroy it.

Summary:
&gt; In Israel Palestinians are citizens, 

In Israel there are no Palestinians, only Israeli Arabs.
The Palestinians were attacked first.
You say you're an Israeli Jew.
The ones from the Arab world?
That is what Hamas says.
Annex, I don't think so.
Hamas would not accept that.
In **Israel** Palestinians are citizens, they have more rights than people do in any of the neighboring countries.
&gt; It's the part where Israel becomes the Jewish state.
It was only the Palestinians and Hamas who could be terrorists.
It's the part where Israel becomes the Jewish state.
No Israel (the Hamas view)?
I don't really get your point.
Israel made it this way.
The Jewish settlers in Palestine are actually Israeli citizens.
That's the way Israel likes to deal with Palestinians.
&gt; but their goal is to not have a Jewish state at all in the area.
Palestinians as a whole don't have a political goal of destroying Israel.
&gt; they have more rights than people do in any of the neighboring countries.
The land legally belongs to Palestinians.
I think that is something we can all support.
&gt; the Arabs would be furious if Israel were to annex the land and make them citizens.
The Jews are responsible for everything, the Palestinians nothing.
&gt; Do you think that Israel has a right to try to defend itself?
It is the Palestinians who are retaliating.
&gt; So you would have no problem with Israel randomly firing rockets into Palestinian cities.
There are many Orthodox Jewish people who believe Israel is only for the Jews.
It's made to stop them in Israel, and it does that quite well.
This applies both to Palestinians and Israelis.
Why would Israel randomly fire rockets into Palestinian cities?
Like the million Arabs who live in Israel and haven't been killed yet.
Hamas don't fire from schools.
Do you think that Israel has a right to try to defend itself?
Israel has killed more unarmed civilians than militants.
So you would have no problem with Israel randomly firing rockets into Palestinian cities.
Jordan is Palestinian land, isn't it?
The Palestinians do no such things to Israelis - they are too weak to even control their own territory.
The Palestinian conflict is to be worked out with the Palestinians.
The wall isn't made to stop terror attacks in Palestine.
You think they want to get their children killed?
But Israel considers the occupied territories its own.
What does that have to do with it?
There was no peace before or after that.
&gt; What would you suggest for all of the Jewish refugees?
A Jewish state can be an ethnically Jewish state, just as a Palestinian state doesn't have to be a Muslim state.
&gt; So your point is that some Jews did something bad so it is ok with you that Arabs try to kill them.
I believe there's a significant population of Palestinians that wouldn't stop attacking Israel until the entire state was dissolved.
Israel is the aggressor in this war.
I think that the Palestinians are one of the most betrayed people on the planet.
They are states in a sense that Palestine never was.
&gt; Nobody says that Israel should cease to exist.
Kicked out from Arab States, killed off in Europe.
And Tel Aviv is Palestinian territory, at least according to Hamas, and so it is OK to kill any Israelis there.
The UN placed the lines of Israel.
The conflict with the Palestinians are to be worked out with them; the actions of Arab states are removed from that.
As an occupying power, Israel is responsible for the state of things in the territories.
&gt; You say that Israel has no rights

Jewish settlers in Palestinian territories have absolutely no rights over the land.
Back before 1948, the Israeli Jews were in exactly the same position.
But I don't see how it's relevant.
"Israel's continued oppression and genocide."
It's used for both protection *and* oppression.
It's used for both protection and oppression."
So your point is that some Jews did something bad so it is ok with you that Arabs try to kill them.
Why didn't they get their state in 1948?
The Un partition plan granted most of that territory to Israel.
The evidence doesn't support it.
The Israelis occupy and bisect their land.
Killing of 67 Jews is not relative peace.
Why have Arab nations kept Palestinians in an apartheid themselves?
&gt; And do you think that Hamas will allow international control of Jerusalem?
What would you suggest for all of the Jewish refugees?
Americans don't, that's for sure.
They are still at it.
I am confused, how was the Arab attacks in 1948 and 1967 so that Jews could have a majority?
I see you continue to believe the myth of Israel being a democracy.
The only reason there are Israeli actions there is in retaliation to rockets fired into Israel, incited by the Hamas.
You must be talking about Hamas.
You're a muslim aren't you?
You act like I came up with it.
"Israel has been more welcome to Palestinians than their Arab neighbors"

That's funny.
I'm not saying Israel is the good guy, but neither is Palestine.
Who said to kill the Israelis?
Israel is not and never has been a viable nation state.
Pray tell, do show me where I say "Israeli citizens should be killed."
Yes, you heard that right - it was Israelis who ethnically cleansed the Arabs in 1948.
Similarly, I do not believe it is the goal of the average Israeli to kill as many palestinians as possible.
In fact, given that they are firing those rockets at Israeli civilians they are terrorists.
There is a peace agreement between Egypt and Israel.
The preferred method of Israel "defending" itself has been to kill a Palestinian than to save an Israeli.
There is no occupation in Gaza.
&gt; Do you think that anything gets adjusted given the Arab attacks in 1948?
&gt; Do you think that the Arab attacks in 1947 play any role?
&gt; Of course you don't say so explicitly, you just say that you don't care and if Hamas does, they do.
Nobody says that Israel should cease to exist.
Well you got one thing right.
&gt; Hamas doesn't accept the 1947 Partition Plan.
By all means, the Jewish settlers are considered part of Israeli, the Palestinians have no citizenship.
&gt;The land legally belongs to Palestinians.
But there's a reason why all the Jews living in Arab countries fled to Israel when it was established - it's not because they were so happy there.
&gt; Your solution is to kill hundreds of thousands of Israelis (actually, of a million live in the area you want to give to the Palestinians).
And do you think that Hamas will allow international control of Jerusalem?
Because the Palestinians have lived their for generations.
Of course you don't say so explicitly, you just say that you don't care and if Hamas does, they do.
Will the Arabs let their Jews return?
What people are saying is that Israel should leave the occupied territories (West Bank and Gaza), and stop hindering the creation of Palestine.
&gt; Hamas began using Gaza as a staging ground for rocket attacks.
As far as Israel cares the Palestinians can bomb each other all to hell.
The Palestinians do not have the option to live in peace because the Israelis interfere with their livelihoods.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 1.54
