Original Response:
Zionazi scum.
He thinks this is Jericho all over again.
Genocide. Oh, the irony.
Silly man, doesn't he know he's only supposed to say that in private...oi vey!
Where is the Reddit outrage when Palestinian leaders say that?  And then follow through on it?
MSM: Did a presidential candidate attend his service?  No?  ok... zzzz
The Palestinians aren't our allies.  We (should) expect better from those who gain our support.
[deleted]
Just like it says in the old testament!
this guy isn't our ally either.  he's just a giant douchebag.  he doesn't speak for the jews, and he doesn't speak for israel.  just because he lives there and shares a religion with a lot of them doesn't mean he's anything other than a genocide-loving epic douchefuck.  just like the palestinian leaders who say that USUALLY are not members of the palestinian authority (though their connection is usually tighter than this guy's is to the israeli government)
hey, look, you have the exact same position as al qaeda does of westerners.  good job.
not zionist.  just an idiot.
I love how people just accept the Muslim view of the world. Sorry, but that was not a "religious opinion" (a fatwah in Arabic), Judaism does not give rabbis that power. A religious court can make a ruling on a halachic (religious law) issue before it. But a court requires more than one rabbi and an actual case. This was one, not influential, rabbis view.
The heads of main stream media are all members of the AIPAC. I was even listening to the radio one day and found out my station is a member of some "Jewish Radio  Network Organization of America."

Why do they constantly affirm what they deny?
Remember, if you don't agree with what the Rabbi said that makes you a white supremacist, Muslim extremist, Borat, or an Eric Cartman. 

I learned this from watching the people on the tv box. (Drinks a soda and begins to eat food laced with trans fats like a typical member of the masses)
I love it when people beleive there is one "Muslim view of the world" 


&gt;This was one, not influential, rabbis view.

Neither is Bin Ladin's opinion.  As far as I know they don't even have any religious training.  Just like the Rabbi, they have enough idiots around them to make their wishes come true.
Judaism: The Original Religion of Peace™
[deleted]
I think they screw up in the translation and what all those religion fanatics really means is "religion of pieces".
And, I love how you know nothing about Islam. Sunnis don't need to follow anybody. They may choose to, but its at their discretion. 

Either way, both religions have outdated, violent laws.
&lt;quote&gt;though their connection is usually tighter than this guy's is to the israeli government&lt;/quote&gt;

I would call this statement subjective, at best.
Billions of our tax dollars don't go to the Palestinian nutcases to further their agenda. Not so here...
Those remarks are reprehensible. BUT, a good question to ask is what percentage of the world's Jewish population thinks like this versus what percentage of the world's muslim population thinks like this. I'll admit they'll both be very very small percentages, but one will be a lot smaller than the other.
I love how you stand up for not killing all the Palestinians. You're my kind of Jew.
Also all other religions.  The primary problem with both the oldest (judaism) and the newest (islam) semitic religions is their pride in their violent, sexist, outdated laws.
Next time a Palestinian leader says that all the Jews must be killed I'll be outraged.  You let me know when that happens, won't you? And when all the Jews are killed, you let me know when that happens, too, OK?
[deleted]
Oddly, I'm not finding this on [Little Green Footballs](http://www.littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/)...
Isn't it obvious this guy's a couple of sandwiches short of a picnic?  A hater is a hater, is a hater.  Let him wallow in his own spew.  Feh.
It works like this...

You can say the truth is you like it. "He's an influential Jew with a lot of power."

You can't say the truth if you don't like it. "He's an influential Jew with a lot of power."

See?
I TOLD you some Israelis are no different than the Nazis!
You forgot your SHEEPLE.
his name is Israel with a Y in front?
they preach the same exact shit at mosques all over the Arab world and have been for decades. but you won't see that on reddit.
[deleted]
... then again, if the person you're talking to is Jewish, that person will have a hell of a time getting back to you.
Is this Obama's rabbi...?
Truth is Israel can actually get away with it.
&gt; I love how people just accept the Muslim view of the world. Sorry, but that was not a "religious opinion" (a fatwah in Arabic), Judaism does not give rabbis that power.

There is significant power given to religious authorities in Israel.  More here:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chief_Rabbinate_of_Israel

From that article:
&gt; The Chief Rabbinate of Israel (הרבנות הראשית לישראל) is the supreme Jewish religious governing body in the state of Israel. There are always two active Chief Rabbis in Israel, an Ashkenazi and a Sephardi Rabbi.

The Chief Ashkenazi Rabbi has expressed his view on what to do with the Gazans, not explicit genocide, just ethnic cleansing:

[Report: Chief Rabbi says move Gazans to a Palestine in Sinai](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/948907.html)
Sheeple are innocent, people who allow evil to continue are not.
There is no direct hierarchy in the Jewish Rabbinate system.  If a bishop said this, there would a pope to chastise him.  

The fact that there is no equivalent in the Jewish religion is not necessarily a bad thing, as it makes rabbis more willing to make more 'original' proclamations.  This keeps the religion fresh, but the downside is the same as the down side for free speech - we have to let these extremist assholes talk.

That said, turning one side's extremist statements into a front page article is somewhat misguided.  Go listen to what the KKK is saying about Arabs.  

The difference is, the KKK and Rabbi Israel Rosen isn't the elected government of their respected countries.  Hamas, arguably, is.
Only if it is slow,  like boiling a lobster, and only if it is not an explicit genocide, but rather like making the Palestinian territories inhospitable so that all the non-Jews vacate the place and leave it to the settlers.

That was the original idea of the settlements, but many educated people have clued into the idea.
The Land of Israel (Hebrew: אֶרֶץ יִשְׂרָאֵל, Eretz Yisrael)

Either that, or he changed the name after receiving venture capital from Y Combinator.
Rabbi who? This is just another random mans opinion posted as if this is an official Israeli announcement.

Its not news, its 100% propaganda.
I can't believe it got to front page
to quote, just use a single "&gt;" at the beginning of the line.
So Jews name their kids Israel, Muslims name their kids Mohammed, and Latino Christians name their kids Jesus... are there people named Buddha?
conceded.  or at the very least, i can't substantiate it.  but given that this guy has no ties to the israeli government at all (from what i can tell) and that member of hamas occasionally (and sometimes even members of the PA) say crazy shit, i think it's fair.
&gt; I love how people just accept the Muslim view of the world. Sorry, but that was not a "religious opinion"  .....

The point of the article is not that this is an official religious opinion. The point is that there are incredibly ugly extremists on both sides. 

This is something to keep in mind the next time some crazy from Hamas says something similar. And vise versa.  These extremists should be displayed side by side, when contemplating whether to be close friends with *anyone* from this part of the world.
Probably not common, but Bodhisattva and Siddhārtha seem to be.
not that i agree with the "muslim view of the world" concept, but i don't think he was saying bin laden spoke for the muslim world.  rather he was saying that criticism of judaism/israel on the basis of this rabbi is the muslim view of the world.  i'm not sure that's fair, but it's more fair than what you thought he said
Half the crap on the front page of this website is propaganda.
really?  interesting.  thanks!
israel has only given the death penalty to literal nazis.  i don't think their laws are particularly violent, whatever you think about their foreign policies
[deleted]
so will the mainstream news use the words of one rabbi and demonize judaism as having sects of RADICAL judaism, like they have done with islam?  highly doubt it when the weinsteins own everything.
He even killed the Goldfish? 

I mean shooting all four family members, stabbing the dog, strangling the cat and hiding grandma's meds... that's all classic stuff. 

But leaving the goldfish in a draining colander in the sink??? That's just cold, man.
this is just the halakhic authority.  that means they determine what jewish law says.  this does not mean they determine israeli policy or who gets what land.  it means they determine under what situations you can perform surgery on shabbos (day of rest)
Look up the stats on Jews killed Palestinians and then Palestinians killed by Jews in the past year, five years or ten years.
Why is this on the front page? God damn reddit  antisemitism runs rampant.
Well Muslims have been labeled as living in the dark ages, are purportedly fascist, violent, non-democratic savages.  Israel is supposedly the only democracy in the Middle East, progressive, fair and balanced...  

lol... The Jews/Zionists have dug themselves into a hole - if the people they've labeled as evil, say something evil or ignorant - so what?   But they can't claim to be innocent, progressive and civilized if this is the kind of shocking diatribe coming out of their own Rabbis...
Why not try doing a [reddit search](http://reddit.com/search?advanced=True&amp;all=muslim&amp;any=&amp;phrase=&amp;except=&amp;author=&amp;domain=)?

I guess you don't remember the reddit outrage about the anti-Muslim film *Fina* being pulled offline by certain providers.
I can't find a wikipedia article on him, he can't be that important!
there are plenty of crazy Rabbis in Israel, but nobody listens to them except the settlers, and the settlers will soon be gone.
You're obviously not a typical reddit user.
No, there's just bags of weed named Buddha.
But which half?

I think it illustrates that there are crazy people who treat the Palestinians (as a group) like animals. As a "humanitarian" I hate that crap and the individuals who spout it and the individuals who execute it.

I don't think this ass speaks for all Jews or all Israeli's any more than my "idiot president" speaks for me.

There are a _lot_ of us living under occupation :)
You have seen it on reddit. A million times.


Its wrong no matter who says it.
But this quote is *more exciting* than available policy positions from people who actually matter.  Are you suggesting we read *less exciting* material, merely because it has more meaningful implications?
I did not see anything in the article about the "exetremists" on the Arab side. (BTW, who are the moderates on the Palestinian side?) I did see things like "religious opinion" that sure looked like a translation of Fatwah.

&gt;This is something to keep in mind the next time some crazy from Hamas says something similar.

You mean when they do something like quote the Hamas Charter?

Article Twenty-Two:

[For a long time, the enemies have been planning, skillfully and with precision, for the achievement of what they have attained. They took into consideration the causes affecting the current of events. They strived to amass great and substantive material wealth which they devoted to the realisation of their dream. With their money, they took control of the world media, news agencies, the press, publishing houses, broadcasting stations, and others. With their money they stirred revolutions in various parts of the world with the purpose of achieving their interests and reaping the fruit therein. They were behind the French Revolution, the Communist revolution and most of the revolutions we heard and hear about, here and there. With their money they formed secret societies, such as Freemasons, Rotary Clubs, the Lions and others in different parts of the world for the purpose of sabotaging societies and achieving Zionist interests. With their money they were able to control imperialistic countries and instigate them to colonize many countries in order to enable them to exploit their resources and spread corruption there.](http://www.yale.edu/lawweb/avalon/mideast/hamas.htm)
Life is so much better if we credit actions and speeches to individuals.

"This _ass_ said this stupid thing."

"If you believe this stupid thing, you are an ass.  If you execute this stupid plan, you are a criminal."

Rather than I'm on the "muslim" team or I'm on the "Jew" team or I'm on the "american" team.

Its not about the team, its about the individuals, the acts, and the governments (who can order people killed).
The Chief Rabbinate has nothing to do with the opinions of Jews. There is no pope in Judaism. There are no caliphs. There are no ayatollahs. 

He interprets religious law and that is it. One might argue he has too much power in Israel as far as marriages, divorces, and citizenship rights go, but to say that he unilaterally decides Jewish opinion is ridiculous.
Article said it was printed in Haaretz and "numerous religious Israeli newspapers"

So let's see it.
i guess now is a good time for you to come up with some sources and stop gut-feeling.
&gt;&gt;Judaism does not give rabbis that power.

&gt;There is significant power given to religious authorities in Israel.

Various religions in Israel get to decide religious issues like marriage. But I like how you went from Judaism to Israel and from one rabbi to the Chief Rabbinate. Too bad the rabbi in question is not the Chief Rabbi or even close.
I am sure that your kind of Jew is a dead Jew. I stand up for killing terrorists and not killing civilians. But, unlike Hamas, I don't see all Israelis are combatants and I don't see all Palestinians as combatants.
exactly . . . any more than believing Muslims believe the crap their crazies say . . . or that Jim Jones represented all Christians.


Its the SANE against the CRAZY.  Those are the only teams that matter.  

The sane think people have human rights that should NEVER be violated.  That even the worst of us should get a day in court and due process.
Where did I say that anybody needed to follow anyone? Neither Sunnis nor Shiites need to follow any fatwah. The point was that under Islam a imam can issue a fatwah, under Judaism a rabbi can't deliver any such thing. It takes a court.

&gt;Either way, both religions have outdated, violent laws.

Really? Under Judaism a beit din, a religious court, that issues two death penalties in 50 years is considered blood thirsty. Nor can a Jewish court set a whipping as a punishment. I think you are confused. Oh, and please do not give some out of context Torah quote unless you are actually familiar with Oral and Written Jewish law.
I can't see the purpose on killing their beasts though. Not that I agree with the rest, but at least there *is* a purpose.

Killig their beasts is just being mean IMO.
It's good that people are learning about the cruelty of Israel. 

Remember this government gets 7 million dollars a day from US tax payers.
i understand, only nazis it is. well, and all those that became victim of israel's illegal targeted killings.
Please show me how Jews are proud of their violent laws. (I know that some Muslims are and some are not.)
[deleted]
&gt;Neither is Bin Ladin's opinion.

Which is not particularly relevant, is it? Excepting that bin Ladin has followers who attempt to carry out his ruling. The rabbi in question does not.

&gt;Just like the Rabbi, they have enough idiots around them to make their wishes come true.

Who does he have around him trying to make his wishes come true?
&gt; I did not see anything in the article about the "exetremists" on the Arab side.

Just as most articles about Hamas don't mention Israeli extremists. Your point?

&gt; You mean when they do something like quote the Hamas Charter?

Yeah, Hamas sucks as much as this rabbi, though their rhetoric isn't *quite* as genocidal ("All of the Palestinians must be killed ...")

Now which Hamas are you talking about? Is this  the same Hamas [that was built up by Israel in the 1970s](http://www.upi.com/International_Intelligence/Analysis/2002/06/18/analysis_hamas_history_tied_to_israel/8272/) to sabotage the PLO, and to sabotage the possibility of a negotiated land-for-peace settlement?

Blowback's a bitch, isn't it?
[deleted]
Not quite. I was trying to say that this particular criticism was based on the Muslim view. It talked about the action in the terms that Muslims use to discuss Islamic law not the terms that Jews use to discuss Jewish law. The article presented a Muslim view and everyone bought it.
&gt;Rosen, an authority able to issue religious opinions for Jews,

Great factchecking, Uruknet.info. Real Pulitzer-worthy journalism. One crazy religious douchebag says something terrible, and he represents all Jews? I guess that means bin Laden speaks for all Muslims, Shiites included? 

The constant racism and hypocrisy coming from both sides sickens me. As do all the Internet "Free-Thinkers" who buy into this bullshit just because they'll take any opportunity, no matter how tenuous and fraudulent, to take potshots at Israelis.
"not zionist. just an idiot."  
  
why so defensive? are you hinting that zionism is fine? is stealing right when jews do it?
Who are the moderates in the Muslim world?
Sure dude... whatever:

The chief Rabbi of Arad and his followers attacking and harassing Israeli Christian women:

http://youtube.com/watch?v=6MgGtIWJoPc
So how about we look at the government of Iran or Saudi or Kuwait to see how Muslim society tends to act?
"Judaism does not give rabbis that power."  
  
but zionism does.
If you believe Ahmadinejad's words represent the overarching opinion of the Iranians, you need to get your head examined.
Wow, some Israelis (probably even some Jewish Israelis) are no different from some Nazis. You mean Jews are people? What a thought.
stfu jewbot.
You know. All the ones that don't fit into the MSM's storylines.
Amalek =/= All "Palestinians"

Downvoted for outright vicious lying and dishonesty.  

Even the propaganda article on uruknet doesn't claim what the reddit headline says it does.
And it differs from Hamas' stated position re Israel how?

There's no good guy here; hatred is spewed from all sides.
Ahmadinejad was elected with a large majority and is a very popular president, This guy is unelected and speaks for a fraction of religious Jews in Israel, surely the two don't compare. I hate the fact that everyone on Reddit bitches about Fox and Co and their adgenda when Reddit is full of propoganda.
Blanket statements dont mean anything.

The abc president doesn't represent all abcers.
Where's the genocide here?  Is there such a thing as verbal genocide?  All I see is someone saying that Israel is at war with Amalek.  This has been true for 1000's of years.  Amalek is simply those who wish to destroy us.  Certainly not "all" Palestinians are Amalek.  

p.s. How are those Palestinian birth rates doing?  I guess the Jews are pretty bad at genociding, huh?
&gt;jewbot

Now I'm imagining a Transformer that turns into a giant tank resembling the Ark of the Covenant.
[deleted]
I stopped reading at "Zionist."  Should have known it was coming, too.
FOX NEWS: Obama was at radical rabbi's sermon.
From what I know about al-Sistani, he seems relatively moderate.
[deleted]
Crazy religious person says crazy religious thing.
[deleted]
Well, he sort of does....the whole right-wing settler movement in Israel relies on fascists like this guy. Remember that Baruch Goldstein was a rank and file follower of Meir Kahane, who had a certain amount of influence among Haredi Jews both in and outside of Israel.
That'd be awesome.
I'm so glad we still have religion to keep the world's societies from degenerating into immorality and violence.
&gt; Truth is Israel can actually get away with it.

If someone tries to genocide your people, you get a free attempt to commit genocide. It's in the UN rule book's WWII supplement, fourth addition.
what, not a "top rabbit" this time?
This mindset is used against whites in Zimbabwe.

Witness tears of blood stories like the Rodney King beating, don't white people get beaten by the cops.

Witness the Zimbabwe blacks contempt as they walked in and smashed the farmers homes.

Newcastle on Thynne, or Southhampton Mews or yet Glascow, or Cardiff, or Manchester have got plenty of non indigenous Africans camped all over the place, is not the most obvious response also likely to be the most bloody.
Who exactly is Rabbi Yisrael Rosen?  Some settler leader?  Who gives a damn what he thinks?
HOw is "All of the Palestinians should be killed" not a call for genocide?
ok sure:

http://youtube.com/watch?v=6MgGtIWJoPc
Hate in a religious person?  Who would have fuckin figured?
[Reza Aslan](http://www.amazon.com/s?ie=UTF8&amp;tag=mozilla-20&amp;index=blended&amp;link%5Fcode=qs&amp;field-keywords=Reza%20Aslan&amp;sourceid=Mozilla-search), for starters, along with the various people he cites.  Also, the guy who teaches down the hall from me and at least two of the families in our school.  (I actually have two students, one Jewish and the other Muslim, who are quite good friends and apparently oblivious that this is unusual).
So you don't know of any either.
So you don't know of any but you are sure they exists.
So you see the leadership of Iran as moderate. What do you admire about his views?
[deleted]
That's an atrocious thing to say. And contrary to what the vast mass of Israelis feel. 

Of course, if it was an Arab imam saying the same thing about the Jews, no one would blink an eye, would they?
actually the palestinian birth rates are pretty high, they can usually get up to 8 or 9 kids easily while other peoples (ie israelis) are extremely jealous because they have to try pretty hard to get four. im sure israel is trying to figure out why palestinians can have so many kids.
al-Sistani is an Iraqi cleric who is also against theocracy. He's issued fatwas in favor of democratic elections in Iraq.

Remember, he's the main counterbalance against Sadr, who wants to institute sharia law.
I'm sure that not all the girls at Mardi Gras are sluts, too, but I don't know of any of those either.

Jesus, dude, do a google search and satisfy your own fucking curiosity.
Because this guy has no means of instituting his worthless opinions. The majority of Israelis would call bullshit on him in a nanosecond.
The Iranian president's comment was just verbal as well. 

whats your point here?
[deleted]
So now you're claiming Iran is a democratic society?
[deleted]
[deleted]
The quote is made up.  This is another instance of Reddit idiots buying into bullshit articles. 

 The rabbi suggested [in the Ha'aretz article](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/968452.html) that the Palestinians might be the Amalek of our time.  Uruknet.info, instead of publishing any actual quote from the article, lifted a [direct quote](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1%20Samuel%2015:3&amp;version=9;)  from the bible regarding Amalek and chose to attribute it to the rabbi. The same article followed with five other rabbis who abhorred any bloodshed and denounced the notion of Palestinians being represented as Amalek.
[deleted]
You don't know what zionism is.
I meant political leaders in the Muslim world, not writers in the U.S. or those who have had to leave the Muslim world because of their ideas.
Got a reputable source for that?
[deleted]
&gt;David is an American-born Israel 

Clearly a non-biased source.
So who do you think the Palestinian's, if they do in fact survive, will use their roll of the dice on?
&gt; The settlements are part of land that Israel was forced to assume after the Palestinians did not want to discuss land being returned to them that was gained in the 6 day war.

Yeah, Israel was FORCED to assume those lands. I mean, they only invaded and militarily occupied them, even when there were many is the Israeli government who said that might be a bad idea. 

The Palestinians MADE them do it. Right. Good argument.

&gt; Israel eventually gave up and attempted to purchase parts of the land at market rate from the original owners.

So let me get this straight. Israel invades, militarily occupies, then tries to buy land at "market rates" (I don't believe this ever happened, by the way), and they are turned down by the people who they are ethnically cleansing? You live in a fantasy world of blame.
Have you ever attended a University or other such cultural network?  Step foot out of your bubble? There are level headed Muslims that can recognize reality and not become victims of the SANE vs CRAZY nfulton referred to.
You guys do understand that its not hard to become a Rabbi, right?
So how about we stop posting retarded quotes by Rabbi Assfuck #23, pretending as though more than a teeny tiny percentage of Jews actually agree with anything he says.
Who is this guy and why should I care about what he says?
&gt; I'm reading History Upside Down, The Roots of Palestinian Fascism and the Myth of Israeli Aggression by DAvid Meir-Levi.

"David Meir-Levy"? Well, in that case it must be an unbiased account.
Yup, it's known as 'transfer'.
Why is it anti-semitic?
&gt;A week following the operation, a group of leading rabbis issued an unprecedented religious opinion permitting the Israeli army to bomb Palestinian civilian areas.

The irony is that the army is one of the most secular institutions in Israel, with the hyper-religious quacks consistently dodging service.  You can expect the army to do the same thing it always has in response to such rulings: NOT GIVE A DAMN.
Particularly because the "Amalek Ruling" only applied to literal Amalek: the literal people and descendants of one literal tribe that literally existed and is now extinct (because Jewish law counts a people that has assimilated itself out of existence as extinct).
Killing their beasts and burning their plants is just plain stupid.  These are Jews, why should they pass up free stuff?
I'll bet you it *was* printed in Ha'aretz.  They love stirring needless controversy, especially to flame religious Jews.
It's because "Yisrael" was the name of a biblical person before it became the name of a biblical land.  The land was named for the person.
It was, but the quote from this article wasn't.

http://reddit.com/info/6fg97/comments/c03p13w

http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/968452.html

The rabbi suggested in the Ha'aretz article that the Palestinians might be the Amalek of our time. Uruknet.info, instead of publishing any actual quote from the article, lifted a direct quote from the bible regarding Amalek and chose to attribute it to the rabbi. The same article followed with five other rabbis who abhorred any bloodshed and denounced the notion of Palestinians being represented as Amalek.
First of all, Israel only receives millions of aid money.  Second of all, if you want to divest from Palestinian terrorism, I'd recommend reducing your oil consumption, since it's Saudi Arabia and Iran that fund the bastards.
Megaphone doesn't link to reddit. The majority of Americans are pro-Israel. No conspiracy.
So whichever side has the higher body count is automatically in the moral right?  "Plight makes right"?
You realize you just said everyone with a Jewish sounding name has no viable stance concerning the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, right?

You must also know that the conflict is rooted around colonial Britain's (European in general) policy of inducing animosity between different ethnic and/or religious populations to dramatically reduce the number of troops needed to maintain an empire.

Maintaining ancient animosities only perpetuates control by those few at the top.  The vast majority of the populace is the victim.  

Deal with things as they are, not as they were.
Ha'aretz printing balanced reporting on a divisive religious issue?  Well fuck me.
We treat Israel differently than we do the rest of the Middle East. If they are going to act like their neighbors then we should treat them like we treat the Muslims. I'm tired of financially supporting those barbaric religious fundamentalists with my tax dollars.
Whooopeee.  And Ann Coulter said that we should  invade Muslim countries, kill their leaders, and convert them to Christianity.  Fuckheads say fuckheaded things.  Yeesh.
&gt;Rabbi who?

Yeh, when any muslim nut case says anything it's all over the MSM.
Because the article deliberately misconstrues events for the sole purpose of making Jews look bad.  And this is done repeatedly on said site.  See other comments
&gt; You realize you just said everyone with a Jewish sounding name has no viable stance concerning the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, right?

No I didn't.  I said that this particular 'history' - "The Roots of Palestinian Fascism and the Myth of Israeli Aggression" - was probably nonsense, based (a) upon the title of the work, and (b) on the fact that the author is obviously biased.

Let me ask you - how partial would you think a book titled "The Roots of Irish Fascism and the Myth of British Aggression", authored by Henry Farquart-Smyth, would be on the history of English occupation in Ireland?

As for the rest of your comments, I agree 100%. Israel was created for two reasons - to rid Europe of "the Jewish problem" (Balfour was, after all, an anti-Semite) - and also to play divide and rule in the Middle East.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on

-Churchill
Must be new to reddit as the headline doesnt read "ISRAELS Top Rabbi"
I was referring specifically to the claims made in your post.  I assume the book has a bibliography (as the book is not online, I cannot look them up myself)?  Do you flat out deny [these](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2007/oct/10/israel) types of incidents?  Or the seizure of East Jerusalem?  Or the 'security fence' (wall) which cuts deeply into Palestinian lands?
*Rabbi Rosen said: "Those who slaughter students poring over their Torah, those who rain Qassams down indiscriminately on men, women, old and young, babes and sucklings - those who hail the destruction of Israel and dance on the blood, are Amalek in our generation," and therefore "only with hostility, and by conquering our humane emotions that are contrary to that, will we be victorious."* 

Sounds like he's saying to kill the terrorists, not "all of the Palestinians".

Here's an interesting quote from another rabbi in the same article concerning the killing of men, women, infants, etc:

*"Are we even capable of that?" asks Rabbi Aharonson. "Are we capable of going and slaughtering and killing infants and children, men and women and old people? It's hard for me to imagine ourselves in such a situation and it is absolutely clear to me that this must be how we all should feel, it is a normal and natural feeling to abhor any bloodshed and to view extremely negatively any mass murder." In practice, Aharonson explains, we don't look for Amalekites in order to kill them, because the Oral Torah exempts from doing so, just as we don't marry our daughters off when they are young, because the Oral Torah forbids us to do so, even though the Written Torah permits it."*
&gt; So who do you think the Palestinian's, if they do in fact survive, will use their roll of the dice on?

Israelis. If the Israelis survive, they'll use their next free genocide against the Palestinians. And if the Palestinians survive again, they'll try to genocide the Israelis.
Not at all.  However the chances of the "destruction," of Israel by the Palestinians is next to nil, while Palestinian oppression and what is tantamount to ethnic cleansing is very real, and very possible given the tools at the disposal of Israel.

There is wrong on both sides, but right now one side has such an advantage over the other side there is absolutely no competition.  And given the atrocities carried out by a very organized governmental and military system against the Palestinians (sniping children, etc) when someone of authority in Israel says something like that which can influence people with a finger on whatever button, it starts to get even scarier than it already is.
Ahh, the circle of life.
&gt;But this quote is more exciting than available policy positions from people who actually matter.

The United States' available policy positions from people who matter state that we do not torture.
he's comparing Palestinians to a group of people who, according to his beliefs should all be killed. Just because he isn't blatantly saying it doesn't mean people won't catch on. It's like when x insane imam of the day calls Jews pigs, you know?

Anywho, no ones saying all rabbis are batshit insane, just this one =)
"I am sure that your kind of Jew is a dead Jew."

if you could explain what you exactly mean by that to non-jews please...?
cute - jew-bot-down-votes. so zionism does not support racist jewish rabbi-shitheads in preaching they are the "chosen people" who "deserve" this piece of land and therefore are right in wiping the arab-folks off the map?
and you do? why don't you explain it to the ones "not in the know" what it is then?

does it imply stealing lands from the palestinians?

does it imply that jews are the chosen people and hence killing palestinians is "just"?

is your book more right than the book of the arabs?

"You don't know what zionism is." - are you going to enlighten me?
He was elected, from a slate that deliberately excluded a lot of other options.  (as though Karl Rove got to decide who would run against McCain.)

And his election had a lot more to do with a pledge to clean up corruption than anything to do with his external agenda, at least from the poll data that was out at the time.  (Bush helped him along too, flapping his gums in exactly the wrong way.)
Actually some of the most eloquent critiques of Israeli policies come from Jews.

You can tell something about a book and its viewpoint from titles.  But it's certainly very poor historical analysis to ignore even biased sources.  Or assume a bias based simply on the title.

Most importantly, every source is biased even when trying not to be.  It's the first lesson of studying history (or anything in human nature, come to that).  Reading biased sources is as useful as allegedly unbiased ones.

I haven't read Prof. Meir-Levy's work.  But I would suspect he has a point of view and does not deny this.  The work would stand or fall on the quality of the underlying research and how he defends his viewpoint.  Not on the title or his ethnic origin, though.
I am not great fan of the way Israel conducts itself but you've got to be a total moron to believe this guy's opinion is reflective of the average Israeli.
http://www.iht.com/articles/2003/06/05/t1_15.php   Bottom of the page 58-90% of Muslims think there is no way for Israel and the Palestinians to co-exist.

http://pewglobal.org/reports/display.php?ReportID=248
Among predominantly muslim countries 60-100% of the population has an unfavorable view of jews in general.

http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1159193495092&amp;pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull  56% of US Jews say that Israel and its Arab neighbors would never be able to settle their differences and live in peace.
Because the headline is blatantly false. What the Rabbi actually said was: "those who kill students as they recite the Torah, and fire missiles on the city of Siderot, spread terror in the hearts of men and women. Those who dance over blood are the Amalekites, and we must respond with counter-hatred. We must uproot any trace of humanitarianism in dealing with them so that we emerge victorious." This is clearly a condemnation of terrorists, not Palestinians. Unless you think all Palestinians are terrorists, you fucking racist.
[deleted]
&gt; Rosen goes as far as saying that the "Amalekites will remain as long as there are Jews. In every age Amalekites will surface from other races to attack the Jews, and thus the war against them must be global." He urges application of the "Amalekites ruling" and says that the Jews must undertake to implement it in all eras because it is a "divine commandment".

Apparently exterminating the Palestinians is not enough for this guy, he wants to keep going until Jews are the only ones left. Judeofacsism rears it's ugly head.
Well, if Osama can represent all Muslims, why can't this fruit loop represent all Jews?
[deleted]
A Rabbi just wants to cleanse his God given homeland of some fucking Semite schwartzim terrorists and suddenly *HE'S* the bad guy?

Go figure.
What do you mean you can't believe it got to the front page? It has all the makings of a first-ranked Reddit article: it is completely fabricated, it hates on Jewish people, and the link!=the content. But at least we're not watching Fox News right now! They're biased!
just some crazy jooooo...there are crazy kooks i all religions..
How odd, to be against theocracy and yet to lead one. I think you have seriously misunderstood what is going on in Iran. He is the single most powerful person in Iran and yet you see him as moderate and pro-Democracy. Somehow, though, you don't seem to notice that he still has women beaten for failing to cover up, etc.
So, you don't know of any moderates in the Muslim world either. But you know that I am the problem.
Out of my bubble? I have worked with moderates from the Muslim world. They exist, you don't know about them though because the ones who speak up and stay there tend to get killed.
Well you just seemed so sure they don't exist (hence the bubble comment since they do exist, and I interpreted Muslim world to be referring to those comprising the Muslim religion as a whole).  I don't want you to think that I'm anti-semitic , because I believe there is good - as well as evil - in all cultures.  But it just seems so damn hard to get those that defend it, to admit that Israel has committed horrible acts.  Clearly by any means The Holocaust was an awful display of human nature and neglect.  But I would think that given their recent experience with this type of behavior the Israeli government would understand and defend the plight of all, if not even the lowliest, human beings.  And I can understand the reality of defending oneself against aggressors in a hostile environment; but you can not simply lump everyone not like you in a region as an enemy simply because they aren't happy with their predicament and choose to speak out.

As for the the ones that speak out in the Muslim world getting killed, I would have to argue that is largely due to the fact they've been able to establish power under a banner that is drawn from the disapproval of the US government's actions in the regions.  I also realize the symptoms of this systemic problem is much broader than I have used thus far, but as I'm sure you realize this sort of forum is limited in length of response.
&gt; israel has only given the death penalty to literal nazis

So those extra-judicial assassinations of Palestinians opposed to Israel aren't actually happening? Or are you an idiot?
He's Iranian by birth, but he's an Iraqi religious leader. He has a bit of influence in Iran but nowhere near as much as the leaders of the Guardian Council.

Are you confusing him with ali Khamenei?
Sigh. My point is that Osama *doesn't* represent all Muslims.
No, I'm not going to enlighten you. It takes more than one reddit comment to replace years of entrenched bias, historical ignorance, and a lack of any intellectual curiosity. That's something you have to do on your own.

But here's a clue: Zionism in its purest form is a secular movement. It also allows for peaceful coexistence with Arabs. 

Start from there.
It seems he's *not* saying it of all Palestinians - only of terrorists.
As millions of people, majorities in nearly all countries, called bullshit on WMDs in Iraq. Now let's see what happened.

This is not a commentary to say that this rabbi has much real power, only on what the opinion of the majority is worth.

For the part of Israel, I think the last number I heard is that 63% of the population are for talks with palestinian organisations, and that many settlers belong to a militant minority. The government acts in what way?
&gt;*Israel is supposedly the only democracy in the Middle East*

Well, you could count Iraq. You *might* count Lebanon. 

What else do *you* suggest?
You don't read very well?
To be pedantic on logic:
No one says all rabbis are batshit insane, but at least this one is. ;)
He has nothing against the Rotarians (see the Hamas Charter)
&gt;*Through USAID and UNRWA, the United States has provided over $1.8 billion to the Palestinian people since 2002*

http://www.state.gov/r/pa/prs/ps/2007/dec/97711.htm
In practice Israel responds to acts of terrorism by punishing large swaths of the Palestinain population, hence the bulldozing of buildings, killing of children etc...

The quote is clearly rhetoric to stoke tribalisitc rage.  You're attempt to spin it is just semantic masturbation.
Wow, someone took an angry pill. A simple question and all of a sudden I am racist? You know sometimes a question is just that. I 

What d you think about the Ahmadinejad "wipe Israel off the map" statement? Do you have the same clarity on that.
he refers to children too... they're terrorists too?
Ok, fair enough. What do you think about the Ahmadinejad "wipe Israel off the map" statement?
&gt;*The Roots of Irish Fascism and the Myth of British Aggression", authored by Henry Farquart-Smyth, would be on the history of English occupation in Ireland?*

If you don't know the author's work,any prior assumption about the book would literally be prejudice.

For example, the 'Irish Fascism' in question could easily refer to the links Loyalist groups have with the far right. The 'myth' of aggression might be referring to the representation of the mainland's aggression in cultural representations. 

The author's name seems important to you but that's just silly. Constance Gore-Booth (Countess Markievicz) played quite a part in the Easter Rising. For example.

You don't know until you've read it. That's why you're a not-very-bright prejudiced twat.
&gt;*he refers to children too*

In his quote from the Torah, yes he does. I *think* he's using the *Amalekites* as a metonym for everybody who hates an attacks Israel, isn't he?
Okay, okay, I can do this. Time to be a troll.

Fucking Palestinians. They should all die.

How'd I do?

[Unsuccessful troll](http://www.myconfinedspace.com/index.php?s=unsuccessful+trol)
sniping children again? oh no
Ahmadinejad was elected by 17 million votes in a country of 70 million people.
He was part of a group of candidates preselected by the supreme leader of Iran.
Heheheh, good one. There is an article about laughing or not at racist jokes that some people should read.
In that book he claims that the PLO was created by the KGB, the 422 members of it's Council being "hand-picked" by the USSR; that the PLO's charter was drafted in Moscow; that the KGB blackmailed Arafat with videotapes of him engaged in homosexual pedophilia; etc,.

The guy is a nut.
Well that's fine. A nut he is. But you were suggesting all that was deducible from his name and the book's title, which is clearly nonsense.
He's right you know.
He does not need to read: one Jew said something bad, so all Jews are terrible. (He leaves the "and so they must be killed" to his reader.)
[Spurred on by public despair, Israeli advocates of a mass expulsion of Palestinians are gaining strength and legitimacy as the toll of Palestinian attacks inside Israel continues to rise.](http://www.csmonitor.com/2002/0206/p05s01-wome.html)
&gt;Well you just seemed so sure they don't exist

No, I asked people to name some. Here is the thing: a wacko rabbi said something pretty bad (though it turns out that he has been significantly misquoted). Someone here said that there were extremists and moderates on both sides. That implies a balance and moral equivalence that I don't think exists. I can name plenty of moderates and even pro-Palestinian Israelis. There are well-known organizations full of them. But, while of course there are moderate Palestinians (as I said, I have worked with some of them) they are few and they have to keep very quite. So to test the assertion I asked people to name some of those moderates on the other side. Instead of naming them, or acknowledging that people only guess that they exist, I get attacked and down voted. 

If that is too long, then let's go with this: where is the equivalent of Peace Now in the occupied territories? That is a question, not an assertion it does no exist.

&gt;I don't want you to think that I'm anti-semitic 

How did that get to be an issue. Usually you see people saying "I don't want you to think I am X" when they are about to show that they are X.

&gt;But it just seems so damn hard to get those that defend it, to admit that Israel has committed horrible acts. 

I see Israel accused of genocide almost every day here. I am too busy defending claims that Israel is the worst country in the world to bother with your minor assertion. Yes, Israel is a real nation in the real world, it is not perfect. Jews are real people in the real world, they are not perfect. I would be thrilled if Israel and Jews were judged by the same standards people use to judge other countries and other people. Israel has done terrible things, it has also been subject to significant terrorist attacks since before it even existed. How is your country doing with dealing with terrorist attacks? What country has done a significantly better job than Israel?

&gt;But I would think that given their recent experience with this type of behavior the Israeli government would understand and defend the plight of all, if not even the lowliest, human beings.

And so you set up the view that Israel has to be judged by a harsher standard than anyone else. And then you will proceed to ignore how it does pretty well even with that standard. Israel does a better job in protecting the rights of Muslims inside Israel than any of the surrounding nations do in protecting the rights of their Muslim, no less Jewish or Christian or Hindu, citizens.

&gt;but you can not simply lump everyone not like you in a region as an enemy simply because they aren't happy with their predicament and choose to speak out.

How about if they fire rockets at your civilians? 

&gt;As for the the ones that speak out in the Muslim world getting killed, I would have to argue that is largely due to the fact they've been able to establish power under a banner that is drawn from the disapproval of the US government's actions in the regions.

So the Palestinians, Fatah and Hamas, kill dissidents on the orders of the U.S. Syria level [Hama](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hama_massacre) killing at least 10,000 people on the orders of the U.S. Iran prevents any kind of dissent on the orders of the U.S. I suggest that you re-think this. That the U.S. supports terrible people does not mean that terrible people exist only because the U.S. supports them. Egypt has acted pretty terribly since we started supporting them, but they were just as bad when the Russians supported them.
There seems to be more than one al-Sistani. Which one did you mean?
Just STFU, you are ignorant and keep on talking, go learn something or google it at least before utering crap.
The title says it all. Fascism is when corporation or money take over the goverment. So this dude should go learn some shit.
Most eloquent in the US, because no one else in the US can utter a bad word against Israel without being ostracized.
&gt;The rabbi of Safed, Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu, also "has no moral problem with quashing the wicked - destroying Amalek from beginning to end," and Rabbi Dov Lior of Kiryat Arba also makes it clear that "whoever wants to overpower and destroy the Jewish people, the law of Amalek applies to him, with all that that entails." 

So the **Palestinians are the Amalek of our time** and **The rabbi of Safed, Rabbi Shmuel Eliyahu, also "has no moral problem with quashing the wicked - destroying Amalek from beginning to end,"**

Yeah you're right, that's not a call for Genocide.
Read the [Haaretz article](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/968452.html)
[This guy](http://www.cfr.org/publication/7636/)
Yes, the settlers belong to a militant minority, and yes, the majority of Israelis want to see an end to this conflict, and if that means talking to Hamas, then so be it.

The problem is the nature of Israel's democracy: since they have so many political parties, the prime minister always has to form ruling coalitions with the smaller ones, which often include right-wing religious parties like Shas with deep ties to the settler movement. Those are the people who, in spite of the mass of popular opinion, push the government to construct houses on Arab territory, expand settlements, and force Shabbat laws in major cities.
Sorry for trying to stear this towards a polite discussion, I can see you're incapable of civility.

&gt;I see Israel accused of genocide almost every day here.

I wonder why.

&gt;I would have to argue that is largely due to the fact they've been able to establish power under a banner that is drawn from the disapproval of the US government's actions in the regions.

You must be using the process of doublethink too frequently, go back and look it over...

Oh never mind, you're way to stubborn to give any ground and so obviously not worth the hassle.
Our children's children will not know of Palestine.
Well the rabbi "translation" is a misattribution, while Ahmadinejad's "wipe Israel off the map" is his own repeated choice of translation.  Apples and oranges

http://i32.tinypic.com/2mze7oo.jpg
http://i25.tinypic.com/zluhig.jpg

I believe Ahmadinejad chose his own translator during his speech also.
&gt;&gt;I see Israel accused of genocide almost every day here.

&gt;I wonder why.

Do you? Or is that rudeness trying to pass for cleverness? If you think that Israel is committing genocide then say it. If not, then perhaps you can tell me why it gets accused.

&gt;You must be using the process of doublethink too frequently, go back and look it over...

You just quoted yourself and then responded. The double think accusation is rather impressive. Next time you might consider allowing others to participate in the discussion. 

&gt;Oh never mind, you're way to stubborn to give any ground and so obviously not worth the hassle.

I see: you use personal attacks instead of discussing the issue. Must be my problem. Too bad you were able to accuse me of being rude, but provided no examples.
Yeah, I did get confused a bit here, my bad. 

Moderate is a relative term, I admit. We were discussing the Palestinian issue and I have no idea where he stands on that issue. He does seem to see less of a connection between religion and politics than many. He does, though, seem pretty standard when it comes to things like women in society.
&gt;If you think that Israel is committing genocide then say it.

I can see your reading comprehension skills aren't all as developed as you think.  I doubt you have any remote grasp as what I was referring to with the double think part.  It's not my duty to educate you if you do not have the initiative to google it. 

I didn't need any examples, you're conduct speaks for itself.

&gt;I am too busy defending claims that Israel is the worst country in the world

If less people in your country possessed your demeanor, I suspect this problem could be considered vanquished.  But go ahead and prove me wrong and give some ground and compromise if you will.  I only say this, because I know you never will.
&gt;I can see your reading comprehension skills aren't all as developed as you think. I doubt you have any remote grasp as what I was referring to with the double think part. It's not my duty to educate you if you do not have the initiative to google it.

You can't communicate well, it is my fault and, somehow, I am rude. Got you.

&gt;If less people in your country possessed your demeanor, I suspect this problem could be considered vanquished. 

What country is that? And what specifically is wrong with my demeanor? You seem to have shifted into full time ad hom mode, but somehow keep forgetting to say what is wrong with my conduct or arguments or evidence.

&gt;But go ahead and prove me wrong and give some ground and compromise if you will.

Give ground on what? You are several posts away from discussing any content.
I'm done explaining the obvious to you while you attempt to side step anything you don't have a neat prepackaged answer for.  Have fun in imagination land believing in fairy tales.
Wow. I believe you are done: I gave you argument and evidence and you have given personal attack. And you keep with that rather than even try to get back to the issues.
Avoiding things you do not have answers to while refocusing the attention on something else is not an argument.  That's called spin.

Get back to the issues?  Like I said, you need to learn how to compromise.  Instead of being combative with your posts try humility.  I tried that route with you when I attempted to reach a middle ground with my post last night.  You returned it with personal attacks and making various claims supposedly inherent in said post.
&gt;Avoiding things you do not have answers to while refocusing the attention on something else is not an argument. That's called spin.

Like you have decided to turn to attacking me instead of discussing the issues. 

&gt;Get back to the issues? Like I said, you need to learn how to compromise. Instead of being combative with your posts try humility. I tried that route with you when I attempted to reach a middle ground with my post last night. You returned it with personal attacks and making various claims supposedly inherent in said post.

Whatever. You have been doing nothing but personal attacks for several posts now. And your "humility" is to blame me for your having to do the attacks. I think that is called projection.
You really seem hung up on this personal attack thing.  Like I said, tried the high road and you chose the low road.  Don't blame me for that. Once again you completely avoid addressing any criticism I have made about yourself (or as you call it "personal attack").  But I'd be willing to listen to your side of the whole Israeli atrocity story, I haven't read some good fiction in awhile.
Wow, I have avoided dealing with your vague unsupported personal attacks. You are right: I care about the issues, not your personal attacks on me. So you criticize me, BFD!

&gt;But I'd be willing to listen to your side of the whole Israeli atrocity story, I haven't read some good fiction in awhile

This whole personal attack spree of yours came because you tried a "sly" accusation of genocide and got called on it. Do you stand by your accusation or are you going to continue to avoid that?
This is the post that somehow [TheLegendofDuluoz](http://reddit.com/user/TheLegendofDuluoz/) thought was so rude, so uncivil, that he could not continue to discuss the issues and just had to go on a serious of personal attacks. And somehow I have been so ungrateful that I have refused to change my personality because of those attacks. Oh well.
Let's just all agree that the ruling classes in almost every society are asshole who should be disposed.
&gt;*I’ll shoot the aristocracy and confiscate their brass,*
&gt;
&gt;*Create a fine democracy that’s truly working class.*
&gt;
&gt;*As soon as this pub closes, as soon as this pub closes,*
&gt;
&gt;*As soon as this pub closes, I'll raise the banner high*
&gt;
&gt; 
&gt;
&gt;*I’ll fight the nasty racialists and scrap the colour bar,*
&gt;
&gt;*And all fascist dictatorships and every commissar.*
&gt;
&gt;*As soon as this pub closes, as soon as this pub closes,*
&gt;
&gt;*As soon as this pub closes, I’ll man the barricades*
I'm not really certain if this is true or not, but are you under the impression I'm still even reading your ridiculous posts?
No, of course you don't read them. You just respond. And then you attack me. You are funny.
Jesus Christ, you are a sensitive little thing aren't you?
ROTFLMAO. You don't read my posts, you just respond to them. You make personal attacks and I am sensitive because I find you funny. You are a hoot.
Don't deny your stupid laws and traditions. How about the prayer where a Jewish guy thanks god he wasn't born as a woman. And, don't even get me started on the bloodthirsty shit...
That doesn't really make sense. What I was saying is that some Israelis, namely some Zionists, are no different than the Nazis. The similarities should be obvious if you pay attention.
"But here's a clue: Zionism in its purest form is a secular movement."

right, but what about all those orthodox jews against zionism?
Wouldn't that support my point that Zionism is secular?

And anyway, most Jews support Zionism. "All those" orthodox Jews are a small, insane sect called Naturei Karta, and some branches of Satmar Haredi.
Yeah, cos that's what fascism is, dude.

You fucking ignoramus.

Summary:
(I know that some Muslims are and some are not.)
he doesn't speak for the jews, and he doesn't speak for israel.
You mean Jews are people?
Crazy religious person says crazy religious thing.
That the U.S. supports terrible people does not mean that terrible people exist only because the U.S. supports them.
But you know that I am the problem.
You don't read very well?
The rabbi in question does not.
You don't know what zionism is.
"You don't know what zionism is."
The title says it all.
It seems he's *not* saying it of all Palestinians - only of terrorists.
I have worked with moderates from the Muslim world.
And then you attack me.
I only say this, because I know you never will.
If you think that Israel is committing genocide then say it.
You can't say the truth if you don't like it.
But, unlike Hamas, I don't see all Israelis are combatants and I don't see all Palestinians as combatants.
I love how you stand up for not killing all the Palestinians.
The Palestinians MADE them do it.
I think you are confused.
The land was named for the person.
So, you don't know of any moderates in the Muslim world either.
"* 

Sounds like he's saying to kill the terrorists, not "all of the Palestinians".
Okay, okay, I can do this.
I love how people just accept the Muslim view of the world.
So you don't know of any but you are sure they exists.
&gt; I love how people just accept the Muslim view of the world.
You are right: I care about the issues, not your personal attacks on me.
I see: you use personal attacks instead of discussing the issue.
why don't you explain it to the ones "not in the know" what it is then?
So you don't know of any either.
You don't read my posts, you just respond to them.
All I see is someone saying that Israel is at war with Amalek.
"Judaism does not give rabbis that power."
What I was saying is that some Israelis, namely some Zionists, are no different than the Nazis.
That's something you have to do on your own.
This was one, not influential, rabbis view.
You don't know until you've read it.
&gt; You mean when they do something like quote the Hamas Charter?
I see Israel accused of genocide almost every day here.
You mean when they do something like quote the Hamas Charter?
Who are the moderates in the Muslim world?
But I like how you went from Judaism to Israel and from one rabbi to the Chief Rabbinate.
&gt;If you think that Israel is committing genocide then say it.
that means they determine what jewish law says.
Like I said, you need to learn how to compromise.
BUT, a good question to ask is what percentage of the world's Jewish population thinks like this versus what percentage of the world's muslim population thinks like this.
HOw is "All of the Palestinians should be killed" not a call for genocide?
Rather than I'm on the "muslim" team or I'm on the "Jew" team or I'm on the "american" team.
The government acts in what way?
&gt; I did not see anything in the article about the "exetremists" on the Arab side.
And if the Palestinians survive again, they'll try to genocide the Israelis.
Who is this guy and why should I care about what he says?
It talked about the action in the terms that Muslims use to discuss Islamic law not the terms that Jews use to discuss Jewish law.
And then follow through on it?
I did not see anything in the article about the "exetremists" on the Arab side.
is your book more right than the book of the arabs?
There is significant power given to religious authorities in Israel.
And when all the Jews are killed, you let me know when that happens, too, OK?
Next time a Palestinian leader says that all the Jews must be killed I'll be outraged.
Its wrong no matter who says it.
The quote is made up.
Get back to the issues?
&gt;I don't want you to think that I'm anti-semitic 

How did that get to be an issue.
One crazy religious douchebag says something terrible, and he represents all Jews?
I can't see the purpose on killing their beasts though.
The point of the article is not that this is an official religious opinion.
As far as I know they don't even have any religious training.
And, I love how you know nothing about Islam.
You're my kind of Jew.
Hate in a religious person?
A hater is a hater, is a hater.
And you keep with that rather than even try to get back to the issues.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.78
