Original Response:
It's a sad day when the administration from 30 years ago is doing a better job promoting diplomacy than the current one.
yes, i believe we are.  clearly the Bush stance on not talking with foreign leaders we disagree with is not working.  look at iran.  is the US relationship better now than it was 8 years ago?  instead of trying to talk to people, we threaten war we would have no means to wage.
ligitimating?
We negotiate with bank robbers; I don't see how this is different.
Not talking with people we disagree with is just the excuse we use to justify using the negotiation tools of our choice: oppression and violence.
Legitimifizing?  Legitimificating?  

**^_^**
Cause they are occupied people fighting for their freedom any way they can?
Hey, how about they make a worldwide public statement.  Something to the effect of, "We will stop launching rockets at civilians and accept Israels existence if...."  All we have to go on right now are their current policies, which include launching rockets at civilians and saying Israel does not have the right to exist.  If the world thought that they would change these policies, then talks would begin.  We are not the ones who need to take the first step, they are.
[deleted]
'Please stop ligitimificating this submission.'

2 independent high quality quotes.  Can we submit this to the Oxford English Dictionary now?
Consider also that this could be a political ploy by Hamas, who made such assurances to Carter knowing he would repeat them, thereby dealing a political blow to Israel/US.

If this shit was simple it would have been solved a long time ago. It's a game, a big fucking political game.
Hold up with that sensible crazy talk boy!   Lockheed Martin, Exxon and General Electric will have none of that!
Freedom fighters.  They're fighting for the freedom of money to be stuffed into their pockets.  Why do you hate money and Liberty?
What money? 

Are they occupied? YES

Does every occupied nation have the right to fight for its freedom? YES
If you go back 34 years, it's basically the same people...
1) Nixon talked to China... that seemed to work out OK
2) Reagan talked to Gorbachev... that seemed to work out OK
3) For every Israeli killed, at least 10? 20? 30 palestinians are killed? That has to foment some anger and seems just a wee bit unbalanced/unreaonable/outright wrong. Chat those guys up, they are human beings like us after all.
Europe talked to Hitler... East Europe talked to Stalin, Germany talked to Napoleon...
[deleted]
I agree.  It's purely propaganda.  If you refuse to speak to someone, you can't hear their side (just in case they're rational).

The decision not to even enter into talks is intended to permanently vilify Hamas, etc.
exactly!
The US does not talk to Hamas because Israel forbids it, and the US is Israel's bitch.
Talking doesn't mean giving ground or admitting defeat, it only means entering into a dialogue so that both sides know what will happen if each does x.

For example, dialog with Saddam would have prevented his invasion of Kuwait and all of the subsequent nonsense.  It's speculated, however, that the US ambassador to Iraq at the time gave Saddam the go ahead by telling him that Kuwait was not part of US interests. 

Hitler did some bad things, but things are still so politicized that you would make the statement you made, thinking that it would shut down any opposing argument because, obviously, Hitler is purely evil.

In a world of rational humans, people are all rational, they just operate under different sets of goals and norms.  There is no such thing as pure evil (only conflicting interests) and so negotiation is always a good idea.

Hitler's mistreatment of the Jews and Poles was done to cement his power in the political climate of the day, and less out of some sort of evil.  The ideology he spouted was intended to retroactively fill in the gaps to make his deeds seem less arbitrary to those to whom he was pandering (just as Bush's talk of evildoers is used in the US).

If you think I'm going easy on him, the US has killed 1.5 to 3 MILLION Iraqis in Iraq.  We're very close now to Holocaust level death tolls.  At what point will people like you begin to see the similarities between the Bush administration and the 3rd Reich?  This is not intended to be hyperbole or some sort of hugely Anti-Bush sentiment, just intended to point out that few would paint Bush as on par with Hitler in terms of Evil... why?  Because we (even most Democrats) believe much of Bush's propaganda but none of Hitler's.
Talking might bring some level of understanding  to what is happening, and our government wants to control what we know is going on.
You are correct.  The question is, why is the US regime politically opposed to Hamas, and who does that status quo benefit?

It benefits Hamas by making it seem to its constituents to be fighting for freedom against a great Empire.  It benefits the US regime b/c many of its supporters also support Israel, a sworn enemy of Hamas.

Who does it harm?  Those whose lives are lost in the name of a stupid political game and those who live their entire lives hating some group of people because that group killed one of their loved ones.  And so the cycle continues and co-opts otherwise rational and productive people after their lives have been filled with grief.
Legitimate this, no?: Don’t debate creationist, says atheist.
Blame the legimitificationists.  They are a bunch of fundementalonions who will never surrendicate to the west
No, but Hamas is explicitly dedicated to overthrowing Israel - and by the way, Rotarians too (all part of the worldwide spider of Zionism of course).

They're fucking nuts.
&gt;I don't understand the philosophy of not talking because you're afraid of legitimating the other guy. Are we that insecure?" 

I thought not legitimizing them was a strategy to keep *them* insecure.  They're terrorists, remember?  Maybe they will be the next Yassir Arafats and receive Nobel Peace prizes after we legitimize them.
I seem to recall we went to war against Hitler. At least, that what my grandfather claimed he was doing.

You know different, do you?
From the article:
[Carter, who helped make peace between Egypt and Israel while president in the 1970s, said the Hamas leaders he has met so far told him they would accept a peace agreement with Israel negotiated by Mahmoud Abbas — the Fatah leader and Palestinian president — if the Palestinians approved it in a referendum.](http://www.theseminal.com/2008/04/18/afternoon-thread-carter-moving-the-window/)

From the IHT: 

[Hamas says it won't necessarily accept the results of any Palestinian referendum on peace with Israel.](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2008/04/21/africa/ME-GEN-Carter-Hamas.php)

I think that Carter did not do as good a job at listening to Hamas as he wanted.
Was I the only one clicking on this hoping it was going to be an Obama quote?
It's not that "we" are insecure, it's because there's no MONEY in it (Peace). That's what active politics has been reduced to. Wars are supposed to stimulate the economy. Funny how the Iraq war has had the opposite effect...
One way to stop a child from throwing tantrums is to ignore the tantrum and only deal with them when they calm down.  You calmly say what you want them to do and then sit back and wait for them to realize that they aren't getting the attention they want.

Of course in this case you would have to see Hamas as children throwing a tantrum.  Makes you wonder how our government sees Hamas.
[deleted]
You're absolutely right; the winning side in a conflict is by definition responsible.

Well played, sir!
It worked so well when we didn't talk to Fidel Castro. We freed the *hell* out of Cuba.
It IS the same people.

what everybody is missing is that these are the criminals from the Nixon era, who fucked up then and now, under the facade of dumbya, were given a second chance... to fuck up even more.
Yeah there's that --then there's that whole "we don't negotiate with terrorists" thing.  but whatever.
'Nothing is agreed upon until everything is agreed upon' Ehud Barak, 2001

One of the many problems in the ME is people giving an inch of ground.  Once given it can never be taken back.

Both sides know that they cannot get all they want.

Israel knows they cannot hang onto the old part of Jerusalem in the same way the Pals know that the right of return will never happen.  Israel knows that they cannot have the entire West bank, as the Pals know they cannot too.

However, if either side's leaders admitted this it would be political suicide.  The only way this can happen is behind closed doors where everything is agreed before we're told what’s going to happen.

And this is the problem with not speaking to Hamas - they represent a fairly large proportion of the Pals and as such need to be in on the agreements being discussed.  Otherwise they'll just scupper the chances of any deal working or worse, resist not just the Israeli occupation but the 'undemocratic' agreement reached without them - civil war.

To be honest, I think the pals are ready for an agreement.  I'm not so sure of Israel.  They have the majority of the cards and there are a fair few religious nutters who would expel all non-Jews from the Historic land of Israel given half a chance - Unbelievable given recent Jewish History that the roles could be reversed so quickly! Why have any agreement when you have nothing to gain?  Thus Hamas rockets Israel.  No doubt the rockets have been a very effective way of influencing public opinion of 'normal' Israeli’s and stopping the occupation being accepted as a final solution, but I have doubts that Hamas know how to play this card to its full advantage.  There is a time for resisting and a time for talking and they have yet to fully appreciate this.

Israel does have one matter that needs to be addressed - It's own Arab Citizens.  These are a growing percentage of the population that in a short time in History could have a Major effect in elections.  Israel wants to remain a democracy so they have a dilemma here. If the Arabs become an electoral force then a simple election would see Israel become just another Arab state.  This might explain why Israel is so preoccupied with demanding the Pals acknowledge Israel as a 'Jewish state' - it them gives them some kind of legitimacy in restricting who can vote or what can be voted on - another potentially corrosive issue waiting to boil over.

I guess at the end of the day the best hope for Israel is it make peace with its neighbours and set itself up as the envy of the rest of the ME, to the extent everyone, not just the Jews, want to preserve it.  But it takes real leadership to achieve this and I don't see that on either side at the moment.

Doing nothing is not an option.  Israel cannot expect it will continue with total support from the US/EU and certainly cannot expect it will always be the only power in the ME with the nuclear option.  It needs to make peace to survive and the sooner it makes serious efforts the quicker it can stop spending large amounts of money on defence and concentrate on what Jews historically have been very good at – business, advancing civilisation through the arts, science etc etc.
I guess all that time Carter spent chatting them up was really worthwhile then.
"legitimating" ?

Who's that quote from, Chris Rock?
This issue purely, solely, and exclusively about greed, power, violence, control, humiliation, and all the other stuff that some people by standard evaluation associate as the less attractive aspects in potential human to human interaction. All else is noise. It is not about insecurity, it is about domination. Some people are probably getting off on this stuff somewhere for real.
Perhaps he DID such an awesome job that the Hamas leaders changed their viewpoint...

But naw, you have an axe to grind here and won't accept anything that interferes with your opinions...
The British Government talked to the IRA,
and, lo, the bombings stopped and the terrorists became politicians.
Talking with those who see the deliberate killing of civilians as a legitimate action, endorses deliberate killing of civilians.
* [] Paid by our tax money comment.
* [] be careful you might be called an Anti Semite comment
One more condition you forgot to mention is that Israel must retreat to the borders before 1967.  Don't think thats gonna fly.  Its kind of hard to give up land you have developed for 40 years.  Especially after all the wonderful things that Hammas has done with the recent settlements turned over by Israel.
"Scooby Doo can do do, but
Jimmy Carter is smarter." -HJS
&gt;For example, dialog with Saddam would have prevented his invasion of Kuwait 

There was Dialog.  Saddam asked the US if he could invade Kuwait and the US said they would not get involved in a middle east conflict.  Have a read:

http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/ARTICLE5/april.html

U.S. Ambassador Glaspie said:

&gt;We have no opinion on your Arab - Arab conflicts, such as your dispute with Kuwait.
So they changed their viewpoint, then announced **after** meeting with Carter that the referendum would not be binding on them. I guess your position is that we should trust what Carter says rather than what Hamas says.
I think the major roadblock in the peace process is respect for the Palestinians. Isreal thinks that because they have almost unlimited resources and the support of the most powerful country on the planet they can do what they want. I guarantee if they stopped getting money from us and were accountable for their actions they would be way more open to coming up with a peaceful, respectful solution. If someone invaded and occupied the U.S., people over here would be going ape-shit. There's alot people don't know about how things are ran over there. I used to date an Israeli girl who was in the military and I used to work with a palestinian guy who's father owned a store over there. The palestinian told me how every time an Israeli gets killed by a bomb or bullet, neiborhoods are "locked down" by the Israeli army for days. No one(child, woman, elder, baby) can go up to their windows or exit their house for any reason (hospital or food). If they do they're picked off by soliders or snipers.
No, I never implied anything about "who started it", but if you punch me in the face because of some perceived grievance (1 Israeli death) and I respond in kind by cutting your entire arm off (10 Palestinian deaths), I hardly think anyone could justify that as a defensible corrective response, especially since the loss of that arm is going to make you want to do even more horrible things to me... and if you post your missing arm photos all over the Internet, you're just maximizing public anger against me and making things worse and worse.

The 3 BILLION dollars the U.S. hands to Israel every year (and not to anyone on the gaza strip) probably doesn't help any Muslim sympathizers love the U.S. any more, either.
&gt; Hitler's mistreatment of the Jews and Poles was done to cement his power in the political climate of the day, and less out of some sort of evil.

Actually, if you read and listen to what Hitler himself had to say, you're only right about the Poles.  By some evil coincidence, Adolph Hilter just fucking hated Jews THAT MUCH.  He was batshit insane, he didn't need a good reason.
Terrorist, politician, same difference.
But if we talk to them we'd have to stop killing them!
Don't tell me, MK stands for "חבר הכנסת"?
Well what if you're a black belt in martial arts and someone repeatedly keeps punching you in the face, do you just punch him back exactly the same way every time or do you attempt to stop him from continuing to do so?
One is sourced to The Seminal.  The other is sourced to the International Herald-Tribune.

Excuse me if I find myself more willing to believe the IHT, especially when it references the comment from the Seminal.

Hell, I'd find it most believable that Hamas actually said both things.  It's not beyond them to lie through their teeth so that nobody will know what they're really thinking.
Hell yeah!  Our restrictions on Cuba finally paid off this year...he retired!  That's right, when the USA comes down on your sorry ass, impoverished, communist, island dictatorship for 50 years, you retire and let your brother take over!

What a glorious and stunning victory for US foreign policy!
By attempting to kill as many civilians as possible in the occupying nation? I don't see the freedom fighting in attempting to kill women and children.
&gt;Are they occupied? YES

Occupied or occupiers?  Remember, Arabs gained the land of Israel/Palestine by violent invasion and near genocide.

Welcome to the Middle East.  History: older than you care to comprehend.
Actually, I heard Obama on CSPAN say it was wrong to talk to Hamas, because they aren't a country and they don't recognize Israel.

CHANGE!
Jimmy Carter is the balls.
WTF are you smoking? crack?
I have to say this: talking to Hamas can't do any harm.  Talk is cheap, and it doesn't mean that Israel or the USA has to legitimate Hamas with any kind of aid or action.

Nah, the real reason they don't want to do it is that the security detail for that kind of conference is fucking hell to arrange.
That's like saying, talking to those who see war as justified, endorses war.  Terrorism is a tactic of war in the modern world.  You're not going to stop it by not talking to the perpetrators.
Political leaders follow money; Money comes from precious reources; Precious resources equals diamonds, gold, and oil; Thus, keep the Jews and Palestinians pissed off at each other, so all the while the Middle East is distracted, and the Jews can keep there precious commodity, and Bush gets richer and richer and richer, and richer, and richer, ....
Great, thanks for getting those out of the way.

Now we can move on to more creative bitching.
lets not forget **KBR!**
Yes, you punch him back as close to exactly the same way every time. Perhaps increasing over time if it repeats. This worked just fine for bullies in high school. Meanwhile, if you separate the bully's arms from his body, he will spend the rest of his life learning how to kick you to death.

Basically, what you're saying is that if someone repeatedly punches me, the only solution is to just kill him. If this does not sound ridiculous to you, then you've got problems.

A measured response (even one slightly harder than the initial grievance, to ward off further incursion) is defensible. A response that is an order of magnitude worse is not. I don't care who it is, or what the situation is.
In that case we also shouldn't talk to Israel, China, or - oops - ourselves!
&gt;Israel does have one matter that needs to be addressed - It's own Arab Citizens. These are a growing percentage of the population that in a short time in History could have a Major effect in elections. Israel wants to remain a democracy so they have a dilemma here. If the Arabs become an electoral force then a simple election would see Israel become just another Arab state. This might explain why Israel is so preoccupied with demanding the Pals acknowledge Israel as a 'Jewish state' - it them gives them some kind of legitimacy in restricting who can vote or what can be voted on - another potentially corrosive issue waiting to boil over.

They could just do what I keep hoping they'll do: strip the vote from those citizens who don't do their military or civilian national service.

Now before you downmod me, realize that there are, in fact, civilian national service options for Arabs.  And the State wants to broaden those options, but the Arab MKs and political parties keep yelling "Stop Israelizing us!"  The ordinary Israeli-Arab on the street who votes for a party like Meretz-Yachad (fairly leftist) or Labor (left enough to not hate Arabs) would love to work in a hospital for a few years and get the same rewards Israeli soldiers receive, but the ones voting for all-Arab political parties want to have the cake of Israeli citizenship and eat it too by not doing the same service that other Israelis, like Jews and Bedouin, consider normal.

Also note that stripping the vote from those who don't serve would effectively strip the vote from the right-wing ultra-Orthodox Jews, who refuse to serve because that would require putting down their Torah scrolls for more than an hour.

There was even a bill in the Knesset to do exactly that a while ago, but I think it died from an "odd couple" coalition of Arab parties and ultra-Orthodox parties voting it down.  I hope it comes up again.

In short, such a measure would strip the vote mainly from exactly the kind of extremists who wish to force their vision down the throats of the rest of Israeli society instead of integrating.
So when one of the shitty rockets made by Hamas kills someone in Israel, Israel should ask for a human sacrifice? Or when a suicide bomber kills 20 and maims another 80 should Israel be asking for volunteers?
Refusing to talk to someone because you're afraid of legitimizing them isn't a sign that you're right, it's a sign that you're worried that your ideas won't hold up to fair intellectual rigor.

And I'm an American saying this, one who has voted for Republicans in the past.
Nope.  History.  Which side is the occupier isn't a historical fact, it depends on which viewpoint you take.
[deleted]
Disregard facts cause they don't fit into your world? Good for you. 

You should crawl under your rock then, no need to be around people who actually take time to consider facts when deciding on important issue.
The US never gave a shit about Cuba, the US gave a shit about Communism.  The isolation was to stop the spread of communism around the world . . . not to change Cuba.  And, if you look closely, Communism has retreated.

Even Cuba becomes less communist by the day.
Well at least thanks for not downmodding me because you disagree.
Thnx. (btw, i think i jumped a bit with my comment after reading what you said once more)
So, are Israelis supposed to do a better job of dying?  Would that improve the situation?  Israel has a vastly superior military, what do you expect?
We negotiate with bank robbers until they accidentally walk in front of a window.
It's a sad day when the administration from 30 years ago is still trying to be remembered as anything but an unpopular dunce.
Are you old enough to remember Iran/Contra?  We "negotiate" with [terrorists](http://www.gwu.edu/~nsarchiv/NSAEBB/NSAEBB82/press.htm) all the time.
Communism was never a threat, and the US's actions didn't change a damn thing.  Communism was destined to fail because it was a system that simply didn't work.
Way to go, Shakespeare!

Upvoted for new words sure to make the OED.
you mean AIPAC
We are in bed with land robbers, such as Israel.
The point was that if we had simply talked with them and let the "golden rays of free commerce" shine in you might have seen movements for change (maybe ::gasp:: even peaceful ones) that could have brought the country a lot further.  Cuba has a lot to offer the US and the world but they've been held back by the EXTREMELY out dated foreign US policies.
GE plays both sides of the market.  They'll help you fund a war or build infrastructure in a developing country.
If a suicide bomber (an act that is of course deplorable) kills 20 and maims 80, it must be because (according to the most conservative of the death statistics) 200 Palestinians were already killed and 800 were already maimed. Do you think the motivation to commit these acts comes from... out of the blue? Magic evil devil men with horns on their heads, committing bloody mischief just for the sake of it?

Do you wish to challenge facts, or are you just being a troll? What part of "at least 10, 20, 30 Palestinians die for every Israeli" is remotely fucking defensible... unless you think a single Israeli life is somehow worth 10, 20, 30 Palestinian ones? (And you are free to think that, as long as you are willing to admit your dehumanizing belief.) Please give me an example of a conflict where one side lost 10/20/30 times as much as the other, which was justified in the eyes of accepted recorded history.

If you're going to downvote me, I'd at least like to hear why.
Both sides have the same attitude.  I.e., Hamas' refusal to officially recognize Israel despite Israel's daily ass kicking of Hamas and its constituency.
They were a convenient scapegoat.  I'm not disagreeing that he was bat-shit insane or that he probably really did hate Jews.  I'm just saying that they were an easy target for him to blame Germany's problems on and Germany was having a lot of problems in those days.

There isn't really a good equivalent since we aren't committing mass genocide here in the US right now but you can see similar arguments blaming foriegn workers for our problems today.  Probably not really true for the most part but it makes for good sound bites.
All I'm doing is making sense (I think) so who the fuck is downvoting me? If I'm not, feel free to respond with your own logic, I take on all comers and I'm pretty open-minded.
Except the senseless murdering and maiming of innocence.

Hyperbole is all well and good but lets be civil here.
And sadder still that people have either forgotten, or never learned in the first place how bad an administration Carter's actually was.
It's ok, because everyone has a share
Israelis are supposed to stop killing 10 Palestinians for every 1 Israeli killed. Any sensible person would see that that only makes the cycle of violence worse (and justifies it further, incidentally). In addition to pissing off every Muslim against the entire Westernized world.
But those 200 palestinians were killed because of an earlier suicide bomber, who was justified because of 200 earlier palestinians being killed who were killed because of yet an earlier suicide bomber...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sm-TlW9gXmk
As opposed to the unpopular dunce that's currently residing in the White House?
By the way, I'm not saying Hamas isn't nucking futs. I just think the reaction needs to be measured.
This is a religious war; no amount of logic is relevant.  Period.
Read Eros and Civilization and it won't seem so puzzling.
You have to look at whats on the table:

Israel returns to its pre-1967 borders.

Hamas stops blowing up Israeli civilians for 10 years...if the Palestinians ratify the deal...and still maybe no.

Why is it legitimate to bargain on these terms?  Sounds less like a bargain and more like submission.

"hear out Hamas"?  Everyone knows what Hamas' issues are.

"afraid of legitimating the other guy"?  Hamas is putting their targeting of civilians on the bargaining table.  Any world leader that makes concessions to a group in trade for their ending attacks on civilians makes attacks on civilians more likely.  For Hamas to even get to the bargaining table they should have to give up attacks on civilians, and resumption of attacks on civilians should be a deal breaker.
Yeah, basically. lol
It is a sadder day when idiots like you and Jimmy Carter believe we should talk to Hamas. Hamas is a terrorist organization. They send suicide bombers to kill women and children and have vowed to destroy Israel.

These are not people we should be talking to, we should be killing them.

Saying we should sit down and talk to Hamas is like saying we should just sit down and listen to the child molester who raped your six year old daughter so we can talk with him and understand his viewpoint.
China and Russia weren't sending suicide bombers to kill women and children.

Israel may kill more Palestinians, but Israel could nuke the place and kill them all, but they don't. If Hamas had nukes, Tel Aviv would be gone. That is the difference.
Diamonds are not a precious resource. They are cartel controled gemstone. Diamonds are cheap if put on a free market. Manufactured diamonds are useable for any technological uses of diamonds.
The Cuban missile crisis was made Up? Youth is funny......and stupid.
Maybe not.  Which side is the terrorist really? Probably both.  The Palestinian side always has at least 10x more deaths but yet Israel is the victim?

I agree about Carter though - he's a pie in the sky Lib if there ever was one.  Getting Hamas to agree to this is pointless b/c there are way too many groups that want the fighting to continue and it will.  

Hamas isn't all bad but Israel's certainly isn't a victim either.  Overall, I think that Israel is the aggressor, if only b/c of the unequal distribution of deaths but what can you do?  Nothing really.
[deleted]
It may be hard to give up, but it is also the egregious international violation that Israel continues while claiming to negotiate in good faith.

Having said that, I don't think the 67 borders are a realistic goal. The Golan Heights, and some portion of the West Bank is reasonable for Israel's defense. What isn't reasonable is Israel cutting up water sources and arable land. Israel has no intention of allowing a viable Palestine. Airing both sides will allow the world to see the untenable parts of both arguments.
It's not some sort of personal insecurity, there are strategic interests at play when Israel and America refuse to negotiate with the Palestinians.

The last thing American oil wants is a peaceful Middle East.  The last thing religious fundamentalists in Israel want is peaceful coexistence.
Israel was a group of terrorists early in it's rise. Why is it OK to legitimize them?
[deleted]
Israel used England to establish a dumping ground for European Jews by simply taking over Palestinian lands. Israelis then went on a campaign of expanding their territory, for "security reasons" They set out attacking civilian palestenians and bombing them. Are they nuts, too?
If you think racism doesn't exist in Israel, you must be Goyum.
Replace the word "terrorist" with "communist" and that's the same attitude that got us nowhere during the Cold War.

We've been killing them, at least indirectly by arming Israel, since 1948.  Where has it gotten us?  

Also, remember that you're advocating genocide on a democratically elected Palestinian party.  You cannot run around the world promoting the advantages of democracy and when you get results you don't like, come back and say "you're doing it wrong."  It's hypocrisy. 

We need pie in the sky liberals if for nothing else than to act as a counterbalance to the "kill 'em all and let God sort 'em out" NeoCons.
The middleast, and our policy with Israel was partly controled by anti Soviet issues and, as always, oil. It still is. We are not honest brokers and Arabs know it.
Being that we often are the terrorists that only  makes sense.
Perhaps a vastly superior Palestinian army is your solution then?
10x more deaths? Even the more generous comparisons put it at 4-5x more
How was the Cuban missile crisis about, or caused by Communism?
My favorite quote I keep seeing lately is that KBR didn't make much of a profit. Love the spinners.
I'm just saying the uneven death toll is the natural product of uneven military force, not uneven aggression.  Killing an unequal number of people doesn't mean there's "unbalanced anger" it just means there's a more efficient means of expressing perfectly balanced anger.
so, how many should they kill for every Israeli killed?
http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20080421/pl_nm/palestinians_israel_carter_dc

Hamas says would conditionally accept peace plan

DAMASCUS (Reuters) - Islamist Hamas group Hamas said on Monday it would accept the establishment of a Palestinian state on land occupied by Israel in the 1967 Middle East war, but it was not prepared to recognize the Jewish state.

Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal, in an apparent softening of the group's position, was confirming an account of his remarks given by former U.S. President Jimmy Carter after two meetings in Damascus over the weekend.

"We accept a state on the June 4 line with Jerusalem as capital, real sovereignty and full right of return for refugees but without recognizing Israel," Meshaal told reporters, referring to the borders as they stood before the 1967 war.

Meshaal, whom Carter seeks to draw into peace talks with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israel, said his Islamist group would "respect Palestinian national will even if it was against our convictions."


Perhaps Associated Press will have the final say in the matter?
[deleted]
History of 1940 compared to 1600. So White Europeans should give back the US, right?
Oh boy, The missiles were Soviet missiles. Cuba was supplied by the USSR. Cuba was aligned with the USSR. The negotiated settlement involved us removing some Turkish missiles aimed at Soviet cities. Buy a history book, or go to the library. Fidel and Che Guvarra were Communists. Cuba still is a communist country.

Of course if you take the semantic postion that the USSR wasn't communist...well whatever. Of course were not really capitalists either....so nothing means anything in that bizarro world.
I read [this](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/04/16/AR2008041602899.html) op-ed by a founder of Hamas in the Washington Post a few days ago.

For the first few paragraphs, he seemed very smart and reasonable.  I was hopeful that progress towards peace might be possible, even with Hamas leading the Palestinian government.

Then I got to the part with the massive, blatant, and irrational hypocrisy.

Early in the article:
&gt;Now, finally, we have the welcome tonic of Carter saying what any independent, uncorrupted thinker should conclude: that no "peace plan," "road map" or "legacy" can succeed unless we are sitting at the negotiating table and without any preconditions.

Five paragraphs later:
&gt;A "peace process" with Palestinians cannot take even its first tiny step until Israel first withdraws to the borders of 1967; dismantles all settlements; removes all soldiers from Gaza and the West Bank; repudiates its illegal annexation of Jerusalem; releases all prisoners; and ends its blockade of our international borders, our coastline and our airspace permanently.
I downvoted you because the disparity in deaths is not even close to 10x, let alone 20x or 30x. The estimates I've seen are from about 2.5x to 5x depending on who is counting. So repeatedly calling it "an order of magnitude" difference is an unnecessary exaggeration.
Because they won.
Palestine talked to Israel...
killing people is killing people not an "expession of perfectly balanced anger"
Your name isn't George Orwell and this isn't 1984 is it?

Unreasoned response foments unreasoned response. Measured response with dialogue is what lectrick offered. What's your problem with that exactly?
And with that, we have the logic of anihilation...thanks.
Hi, I'm reality.  Have we met?  Because that is nuts.  The English tried to curry favor with the Arab establishment of the day by radically limiting the number of European Jews allowed to immigrate to Palestine.  They chose instead to turn boat loads of Jews away to die at the hands of Hitler (whom the Arabs felt closely aligned with due to their mutual hatred for all things Jewish - not a Godwin.  History.  Try learning some), rather than risk more Arab riots being stirred up by the mullahs.
Castro refused to talk to the US after the Missile Crisis.  He has never really seen much reason to have to.  On a side note, I find most people know little about what Cuba is like, having never gotten much more than a news version of events.
&gt; I have to say this: talking to Hamas can't do any harm. Talk is cheap, and it doesn't mean that Israel or the USA has to legitimate Hamas with any kind of aid or action.

It's not cheap. Think of all the regional independence movements who would *love* to have the U.S. involved in their disputes, if only to give their cause recognition. When we indicate that the way to get us to take a seat at the negotiation table is to blow up civilians, we encourage the violent elements of those groups at the expense of the more civil ones.
Makes perfect sense.  Who was George Washington but some illegitimate rebel - until the colonies won.
&gt;*If you think racism doesn't exist in Israel*

Yeah, cos that's what I said isn't it?
Just guessing, even if it's only 2x it's still a curiosity.  Isn't the aggressor usually the one with the most kills?
We've already heard out Hamas. They want Israel to be dismantled and the State of Palestine to replace it.

What on Earth is "talking" going to do?
I wish everyone would stop jumping all over him for saying 'legitimating.'  Believe it or not, it's in the dictionary, though we don't hear it very often in the US.  Must be one of those chiefly British things.

Now, down South here we prefer legitify.  ;-)
Interesting idea. But I still think the best option would be for Israel to seek peace with its neighbours - really its the only long term solution.  If this measure keeps the nutters from both side out of the arena then all good.

Really, the world should grow up and sort this crap out once and for all.  Unfortunately the people who think it can be done down the barrel of a gun are in charge at the moment - here's hoping!
Well said.
So Hitler was legitimate until 1948 or so? Why did we go to war with him then?
If I remember correctly, the only thing Carter  "screwed up" was the Middle East policy. One being the OPEC oil embargo the other being the Iranian hostage crisis. Both problems were results of years of Western imperialism aimed at disintegrating the Islamic civilization. Carter was blamed for being soft when the client states (Saudi Arabia and Iran) revolted.

On economics, he appointed Volcker, the most bad ass central banker who stumped out inflation. 

To me, Carter is a genuinely nice guy who ended up running a hegemonic empire. He is not bad, just wrong for the job.
It's good for weapons sales, too.
It isn't that we are insecure.  We don't want to "hear out' Hamas because Israel wants the land they occupy.  It is just a good old-fashioned genocidal land-grab.
You are my god.
Is it? I couldn't tell
Dmitrisokolov's post is exactly why we need people like Carter. The only true-blue Zionist answer is genocide of a billion muslims, and they object to any procedure which might make a less drastic solution possible.

Should we have killed everyone in the Hagannah, a clearly terrorist group whose actions led to the formation of Israel?

Or are terrorists only the OTHERS?
Communism wasn't the threat.  A nation (the USSR) that happened to be communist was the threat during a global power struggle.  Communism would have failed whether or not we did anything.
You know what? Of all the news and discussion about Israel that hits reddit, J-Ro's submission are the most decent and honest ones. Kudos.
[deleted]
Exactly.  Too many people buy in to the idea of blaming Carter for the previous 25 years of reprehensible foreign policy concerning the middle east. 

Of course the Iranians were going to revolt.  If you lived in a country being run by a puppet government of foreign interests, you'd probably think about starting a revolution too.
Closer to home, what if the Fox network demands that Obama come in to one of their craptastic hostile interviews?  Should he go?  Wouldn't going just legitimize them?
and so you are against the democrats boycotting foxnews?
Are you reading what you're posting?  The text you quote states that Hamas will basically accept a state on 1967 lines without recognizing or making peace with Israel.

That's not peace, that's saying "thank you m'am, may I have another?"
man what do they teach you in school?
[deleted]
Seeking peace with its neighbors is a great idea, but a separate one from what I was talking about.

I thought you were referring to the continuously-hawked Israeli fears of a "demographic bomb" in which Arabs become a majority and simply vote themselves not one but two Palestinian states.  This would leave Israel to choose between its Jewish nature and its democratic nature.  My idea was to keep both by focusing on the "Israeli nature" of the state: national service, and volunteer work in general, are a big part of mainstream Israeli culture.
OK, so only Israel talks to Hamas, maybe with a mediator from the Quartet.  That would probably show more international respect and legitimacy in these times than inviting the USA anyways.
"The text you quote states that Hamas will basically accept a state on 1967 lines without recognizing or making peace with Israel."

Let me fix that for you.

The text you quote states that Hamas will basically accept a state on 1967 lines without recognizing Israel.

There you go, glad to help out.
So how exactly does it count as making peace if Hamas still refuses to recognize Israel after dealing with them and taking half their city?
Thanks for the patronizing history lesson. To say that since the Cubans and the Soviets were communist, that therefore the Cuban missile crisis was directly linked with Communism is faulty logic.

Communism became a buzzword for "bad" during the cold war. What frightened Americans wasn't the economic system- communism was a fairly popular idea in America during the great depression- it was the totalitarian dictatorship that governed the Soviet Union, the terrible things they did to people, and the empire they were building. That's what the Cuban missile crisis was about- the Soviet Union attempting to expand it's empire to the American coast. So I think it's more accurate to label that was the cause, than the contrasting economic systems.
No. What was dangerous about Cuba was the threat of a good example. An example of an oppressed country reserving the right to use its own natural resources for the furtherance of its own people, as opposed to being freely accessible to US corporate interests. 

Why Cuba was singled out was because it is in  the Americas, the hemisphere in which US dominance was not to be challenged.
Refusing to talk to your opponent has worked well for the Creationists, so why not Israel and the US too?
So... A slow genocide causes a lot less outrage, doesn't it?
Well shit, less than 5 would be a good start. 1-2 ideally.
Thank you for replying.

Unfortunately, at least according to this
http://viarecta.blogspot.com/2008/02/2001-is-ratio-who-cares.html

you're wrong.
Outside Gaza, the ratio is around 4:1. For Gaza it's 200:1. Somewhere in between these is the total ratio.
&gt;U.S. Ambassador Glaspie said:

&gt;&gt;  We have no opinion on your Arab - Arab conflicts, such as your dispute with Kuwait.

 The 'dispute' was supposed oil drilling by Kuwait under Iraqi land, and other border issues.

The [full quote](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/April_Glaspie) seems to be:

&gt; But we have no opinion on the Arab-Arab conflicts, like your border disagreement with Kuwait. I was in the American Embassy in Kuwait during the late '60s. The instruction we had during this period was that we should express no opinion on this issue and that the issue is not associated with America. James Baker has directed our official spokesmen to emphasize this instruction. We hope you can solve this problem using any suitable methods via Klibi [Chadli Klibi, Secretary General of the Arab League or via President Mubarak. All that we hope is that these issues are solved quickly.

Anyway, the article suggests that America was trying to keep decent relations with Iraq, and Glaspie was just carrying this out. There was never a suggestion that invasion was OK, just that the US would not takes sides in an existing border dispute.

Read the article for more details.
Legitimate \Le*git"i*mate\ (-m[asl]t), a. [LL. legitimatus, p.
   p. of legitimare to legitimate, fr. L. legitimus legitimate.
   See Legal.]
   1. Accordant with law or with established legal forms and
      requirements; lawful; as, legitimate government;
      legitimate rights; the legitimate succession to the
      throne; a legitimate proceeding of an officer; a
      legitimate heir.
      [1913 Webster]
Like how the USA doesn't recognize [Lakotah](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_Lakotah)?
So much of the world was land conquered by, stolen by, or otherwise appropriated by someone else.  After some period of time - pick a time (50 years, 100?), you can't talk about returning lands to their original owners because new generations have been born on that land, and have every much as claim to it as people 50 or a hundred years ago.

The problem of course is nationalism, and the dumb weird collectivist ways we run like herds of rhinos through the world, with fealty to our own packs.  

But until humanity outgrows that, I don't buy  into these campaigns about returning lands to their original owners because in most or many cases, you can bet that those "original owners" stole it from someone else.  This is why the "US Southwest is part of Mexico" horseshit is so funny - will the Mexicans then return that land to Spain?  Will the Spanish then return it to the natives?  Will the natives who killed other natives turn it back to them?

The time to fight this was around the time of the Balfour declaration.  Stopping this from happening in the present, is something we should aspire to.

And I apply this equally to people all over the world.  This is a waste of time and energy.  All you will do is enrage and militarize present populations who live on the soil in question to resist repatriation.  You give them reason to say that in fact the land they were born on was stolen from them, which is equally true.

In any kind of legitimate conception of justice, you cannot visit the sins of the father upon the son.  You cannot say that because your father stole land, you somehow owe that debt.  I call bullshit on that whole premise.

This issue has little to do with whether what happened in the past with the founding of Israel was right or wrong.  It may well have been wrong (trying to get any kind of historical accounting for that period that isn't pushed by an agenda is next to impossible).  It is simply academic at this point.  There is no way in hell some kind of finding or consensus that, say, Israel was completely in the wrong, will have any bearing on the question of modern Zionism.  Israel is not going anywhere.  

There will, I hope, be a two state solution which grants Palestinians their own homeland - I still hope for this, but Israel will not *ever* vacate the land on which it rests.  It's not even worth discussing.

The issue is the present, and what to do now.  Until people stop trying to hold each other accountable for what their parents and grandparents did, there will be no progress, and this is a self-indulgent excess both the Israelis and the Palestinians engage in.

What I want to see is democracy and freedom and peace.  It needs to be about that, and not about your daddy beat the snot out of my daddy and took his farm.  For no other reason than progress in those kinds of conditions is impossible - it turns into anger, violence, and retribution, which is what we've seen in this region.

When the Palestinian leadership becomes a new kind of Velvet Revolution, led by intellectuals with a modern understanding of human rights and an urge for democracy, those who would turn Gaza into a cage will have no leg left to stand on before world opinion.  But not until then - not until it becomes something other than Death to Israel and rockets and guns.  Hamas isn't that.  I sympathize with the need to oust the corrupt politicking Palestinian leadership - Palestinians have never had good leadership - but turning to Hamas just gave Israel a thousand reasons to budge not one inch.

The biggest enemy of the Palestinians right now is the Palestinians.  The United States, my country, engages in a similar brand of idiocy - the idea that you can break a people's will.

* The will of Afghani wahhabists will never be broken.  When they choose freedom and modernity, they shall have it - as long as it is forced upon them, it will never happen.

* The will of the Palestinian people will never be broken.  They're jaded, soured, and angry from being treated like animals and locked into giant cages.

* The will of the Israeli people will never be broken.  They're tired of bombs on busses and in marketplaces.

Mistletoe killing an oak
Rats gnawing cables in two
Moths making holes in a cloak
How they must love what they do!

Yes and we little folk, too
We are as busy as they...
That's a good point.  I had 5 guys break into my house and kill my daughter, and I made sure to only shoot 2 of them, just to keep the ratio respectable.  The other three got away, but what could I do?  My hands were tied by the ratio.
I don't disagree with you.  My point was that if Saddam knew that his country would be bombed if he invaded Kuwait, he surely would not have done so.  That was a failure of communication.  Sure it might have been deliberate on the part of the US... who knows... but the point is just that accurate dialog would have prevented him from invading and prevented us from getting involved.
&gt; The Golan Heights, and some portion of the West Bank is reasonable for Israel's defense. 

The Golan Heights and West Bank could be demilitarized. 

It isn't about defense any more. The Arabs, particularly Syria, are toothless. Jordan is a safe buffer to the East. So is Egypt to the South.

The seizure of the Golan was [motivated by a lust for farmland, not security](http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9B06E4D91239F932A25756C0A961958260).

Militarily, they could give it all up, in return for keeping it demilitarized.

The only reasons that the 1967 borders are not realistic are

1. Jerusalem - they'll never want to let it go. It will have to be shared.

2. The big settlements - they don't want to have to resettle 400,000 people.

3. Votes - Israeli governments are always fragile coalitions dependent on some minor parties.
They don't talk because the are afraid of legitimating, that's just an excuse.

They don't talk cause they don't have interest in the types of resolutions(equitable) that result from talking.  They are in a position of power and  desire to "profit" from it.

Also, for certain small subsegments of "they" peace would greatly reduce their power/influence.

"They" are US and Israel administrations.
Great points... I totally agree.  Is it just a coincidence that every foreign leader who crosses the US is batshit insane?  Saddam, Kim Jong Il, Hitler, Castro, etc.   We're the last refuge of sanity on the global stage... :)

Yes it takes a very bad person to authorize genocide (or to advocate it)... keep in mind that Dubya, Cheney, and most Democrats authorized the war that has killed an estimated 1.5 to 3 MILLION Iraqis.  

You can draw a huge distinction between the Iraqi deaths and the concentration camps... but honestly it's probably pretty awful to be burned alive by a bomb that drops out of the stratosphere.

To make matters worse, the deaths during the Holocaust and the deaths of the Iraqi civilians were all due to politics and the tremendous effort made by the killers to convince their constituents that those being murdered are not really human.
The democrats boycotting Fox News is mostly a stunt.  I personally don't watch those channels so I don't notice at all.  

Most of the time, when a politician goes on "O'Reilly" they do so knowing that O'Reilly will have the last word but they do it because they want to generate publicity for their issue.  O'Reilly is just a clown who acts predictably.  

The boycott helps everyone b/c Democrats can complain about how awful Fox is, and Fox can complain about how Democrats refuse to stand up for their positions.

It's like professional wrestling where one large burly dude refuses to get into the ring with another, but both spend lots of time screaming about it into the camera and they both make a lot of money.
Some of the analyses in the article suggest otherwise, saying that Saddam could not have been dissuaded. 

According to one analysis, he probably knew that the US would respond, but figured the US would send a quick strike force he could defeat.

Dictators tend to be detached from reality, because no one will tell them the truth.

Read the wikipedia article I linked to. It's pretty interesting.
[deleted]
Well, what would the US have had to lose by making obvious its position that if Saddam invaded Kuwait, it would likely drop some serious bombs?
I'm downmodding you because you're wrong. And I am responding with my own logic. Now that Hamas has said the complete opposite of Carter, it is obvious they wish to continue along this path even after getting back to 67' lines. What is the benifit of Israel relinquishing that territory, or not going after those who kill Israeli civilians with everything they have?
The recent attacks from Syria don't jibe with your assertions. 

But I certainly don't claim expertise on this.

The Golan is stategically elevated which any military idiot knows is generally advantageous. As to the West Bank, I know that Isarael was unable to stop Jordan's advances and it WAS  only after reverses in the West Bank that Jordan ceded surrender.

I agree much of the "settlements" has little to do with military defense.

The point Carter made is that airing of these points in an homest way will be the only way to arrive at a negotiable settlement.
Interesting that your quote doesn't contain the word, "legitimating". 

Nice try.
Thanks for taking a semantical position irregardless of my suspicion that was your dumb argument.

There has never been a Cmmunist or Capitalist country by your reasoning here. Communisn has little to do with the Soviet, and Capitalism has little to do with US domination after WWII. No,it wasn't economic styles that caused the cold war conflict, it was a struggle for power....... and economics had absolutely nothing to do with that. There has never been a nation that used military dominance to obtain wealth, has there?(note sarcasm)

Greed and Power are basic human drives. Thanks for telling me that was at the root of the Cuban missile crisis,,,,,,, and, oh yeah, all wars.*(more sarcasm)

By the way, just to get your facts straight, it was the Soviet RESPONDING to our aggression by targeting Russian cities from Turkey that led to the crisis, not Soviet Agression.(not sarcasm)
Are you saying that every violent act should be countered by an infinitely more violent act? Where is YOUR crossing line?
Thanks for the article on Dayan,I hand not read it, though this seems to be a questionable conclusion, conveniently "remembered" after Dayan's death.

I have no doubt that there was more than one motivation for events.
&gt; ... this seems to be a questionable conclusion, conveniently "remembered" after Dayan's death.

The reporters confirmed it by checking with Dayan's daughter, who was a minister in the Knesset. She said he story agreed with what her father said when he was alive.

It also agrees with the fact that the territories were settled within a few months after their seizure.
If you read the wikipedia article, one experienced diplomat from the region said:

&gt; James Akins, the U.S. Ambassador to Saudi Arabia at the time, offered a somewhat different perspective in a 2000 interview on PBS:

&gt;    "*[Glaspie] took the straight American line, which is, we do not take positions on border disputes between friendly countries. That's standard. That's what you always say. You would not have said, "Mr. President, if you really are considering invading Kuwait, by God, we'll bring down the wrath of God on your palaces and on your country, and you'll all be destroyed." She wouldn't say that, nor would I. Neither would any diplomat.*"

Probably, Saddam didn't pick up the phone and say "Hey, supposing, hypothetically speaking, I were to invade Kuwait, what would you do?" so there was no opportunity to deliver the ass-stomping speech we'd have liked to have heard.
It's not the type of thing you set a "line" for.  You just respond in a reasonable and appropriate manner and let the cards fall where they may.  It may be 1:2, it may be 10:1.
Peace as in no war - no shooting of missiles and guns, no boom boom, no bang bang.

Got it?

In the 1970's and 1980's, the Soviet Union and the NATO countries were in an uneasy peace in Europe - they were enemies, true, but there was no shooting, and no war in Europe.

And a peaceful resolution followed, sans nuclear war.

In most situations, peace, even a truce that could possible lead to a truce, is preferable to kidnappings, missiles raining on cities and airplanes and bulldozers levelling buildings and the odd American activist...
The point is still that communism was never really a threat to the United States. Your obnoxious comment, while it called the poster stupid, didn't really explain how communism *was* a threat. And yeah, if you're going to discuss something like that, it would be nice if you could use the fucking words correctly. It makes it easier to communicate ideas that way.
Thanks for proving my point. It was condescending, and still is to say communism was no threat. It's simply a game of semantics. In reality, we were much more a socialist government with cooperatives like the TVA, and SSA. While personnel property was still legal, it is also true that it was permitted in the Soviet.

No, Communism wasn't the Red Scourge, but Stalin was. His Marxist BS was propoganda just like our Adam Smith BS is propoganda.

The point was it's absurd to separate Communism from the Soviets or Cuba. They were/are the biggest proponents of that style of economics. It was their contention that this made their governance superior. So that while sophistic arguments may be deep and meaningful to you, to most it's just BS.
Main Entry:
    2le·git·i·mate Listen to the pronunciation of 2legitimate
Pronunciation:
    \-ˌmāt\ 
Function:
    transitive verb 
Inflected Form(s):
    le·git·i·mat·ed; le·git·i·mat·ing
Date:
    1531

: to make legitimate: a (1): to give legal status or authorization to (2): to show or affirm to be justified (3): to lend authority or respectability to b: to put (a bastard) in the state of a legitimate child before the law by legal means
— le·git·i·ma·tion Listen to the pronunciation of legitimation \-ˌji-tə-ˈmā-shən\ noun
— le·git·i·mat·or Listen to the pronunciation of legitimator \-ˈji-tə-ˌmā-tər\ noun


Pasted wrong definition.

http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary

Better try?  I thought so.
Those numbers are coming from a Human Rights group (albeit an Israeli one) that states that it "acts primarily to change Israeli policy in the Occupied Territories." They have the *overall* ratio at about 4.4:1. Everyone's got a bias in this, which is why I gave the range of 2.5x-5x which are the numbers I've seen from decent sources.
But aren't you arguing that Saddam knew that the US didn't want him to invade Kuwait but did so anyway?

I realize that diplomats use a very formal way of interacting out of respect for the sovereignty of nations -- and to allow everyone to forget for a bit that it's really all about brute power -- but is it really plausible that the message didn't get through?

I could see a diplomat saying "Saddam, it is the US policy not to get involved in border disputes".  Then saying "but off the record, the US would object very strongly and react militarily".

My guess is that Saddam was told something like: "but off the record, the US may express disapproval but will likely not do anything about the situation".  

Keep in mind that the US had good relations with Saddam for years and supported him with military aid during his war against Iran.
&gt; Pasted wrong definition.

Uh, thanks?
There was no peaceful resolution to the Cold War, the Soviet Union collapsed under the weight of its internal problems!

In addition, the Soviet Union actually recognized the Western European nations.  It declared them enemies for being more capitalist than socialist, but it acknowledged their existence as states.

Hamas as stated that it will do no such thing.  What they propose is more along the lines of a violent "wam, bam, thank you m'am": take whatever they're given and then start bombing Israelis again to get *more*.
&gt; But aren't you arguing that Saddam knew that the US didn't want him to invade Kuwait but did so anyway?

Yes, this seems the most likely story.

&gt; My guess is that Saddam was told something like: "but off the record, the US may express disapproval but will likely not do anything about the situation".

I see no evidence for your guess.

&gt; Keep in mind that the US had good relations with Saddam for years and supported him with military aid during his war against Iran.

Sort of. The US disliked Saddam, but disliked the Iranians more, and feared a Shiite wave sweeping all the way into Saudi.

I really see no *plausible* reason why the US would allow an invasion.

Summary:
Hamas as stated that it will do no such thing.
"They" are US and Israel administrations.
The US never gave a shit about Cuba, the US gave a shit about Communism.
I don't disagree with you.
* The will of the Palestinian people will never be broken.
I have to say this: talking to Hamas can't do any harm.
These are not people we should be talking to, we should be killing them.
* The will of the Israeli people will never be broken.
&gt; I have to say this: talking to Hamas can't do any harm.
Everyone knows what Hamas' issues are.
What I want to see is democracy and freedom and peace.
I hope it comes up again.
The US does not talk to Hamas because Israel forbids it, and the US is Israel's bitch.
It's not that "we" are insecure, it's because there's no MONEY in it (Peace).
It isn't about defense any more.
I'm not so sure of Israel.
That's what you always say.
I could see a diplomat saying "Saddam, it is the US policy not to get involved in border disputes".
It IS the same people.
Why did we go to war with him then?
It isn't that we are insecure.
I wish everyone would stop jumping all over him for saying 'legitimating.'
I really see no *plausible* reason why the US would allow an invasion.
If someone invaded and occupied the U.S., people over here would be going ape-shit.
Talking with those who see the deliberate killing of civilians as a legitimate action, endorses deliberate killing of civilians.
so, how many should they kill for every Israeli killed?
Makes you wonder how our government sees Hamas.
But if we talk to them we'd have to stop killing them!
The point is still that communism was never really a threat to the United States.
We negotiate with bank robbers; I don't see how this is different.
They don't talk because the are afraid of legitimating, that's just an excuse.
](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2008/04/21/africa/ME-GEN-Carter-Hamas.php)

I think that Carter did not do as good a job at listening to Hamas as he wanted.
Castro refused to talk to the US after the Missile Crisis.
Talk is cheap, and it doesn't mean that Israel or the USA has to legitimate Hamas with any kind of aid or action.
We don't want to "hear out' Hamas because Israel wants the land they occupy.
Great, thanks for getting those out of the way.
She wouldn't say that, nor would I.
Actually, I heard Obama on CSPAN say it was wrong to talk to Hamas, because they aren't a country and they don't recognize Israel.
I don't care who it is, or what the situation is.
Cause they are occupied people fighting for their freedom any way they can?
And I am responding with my own logic.
Both sides know that they cannot get all they want.
It makes it easier to communicate ideas that way.
You're not going to stop it by not talking to the perpetrators.
The issue is the present, and what to do now.
You know different, do you?
The last thing American oil wants is a peaceful Middle East.
Israel does have one matter that needs to be addressed - It's own Arab Citizens.
Cuba still is a communist country.
There was never a suggestion that invasion was OK, just that the US would not takes sides in an existing border dispute.
It is a sadder day when idiots like you and Jimmy Carter believe we should talk to Hamas.
Israelis are supposed to stop killing 10 Palestinians for every 1 Israeli killed.
Israel may kill more Palestinians, but Israel could nuke the place and kill them all, but they don't.
It was condescending, and still is to say communism was no threat.
I don't see the freedom fighting in attempting to kill women and children.
So how exactly does it count as making peace if Hamas still refuses to recognize Israel after dealing with them and taking half their city?
Refusing to talk to your opponent has worked well for the Creationists, so why not Israel and the US too?
Israel is not going anywhere.
Jerusalem - they'll never want to let it go.
Israel knows that they cannot have the entire West bank, as the Pals know they cannot too.
All I'm doing is making sense (I think) so who the fuck is downvoting me?
The Palestinian side always has at least 10x more deaths but yet Israel is the victim?
What's your problem with that exactly?
If you go back 34 years, it's basically the same people...
I guarantee if they stopped getting money from us and were accountable for their actions they would be way more open to coming up with a peaceful, respectful solution.
One is sourced to The Seminal.
They could just do what I keep hoping they'll do: strip the vote from those citizens who don't do their military or civilian national service.
I agree much of the "settlements" has little to do with military defense.
He has never really seen much reason to have to.
But I still think the best option would be for Israel to seek peace with its neighbours - really its the only long term solution.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.77
