Original Response:
They still mean to take those countries down. It's just a much bigger project than anticipated.
Yes, if they manage to put McCain in office it will go on.
The US Congress, and apparently the executive branch too, is Israeli occupied territory.
we are so F***ed
It does surprise me that Feith is admitting it.
As I have blogged many times before: Once McCain is President, it will be "determined" that he will not physically be able to finish our his term, turning over the country to Joe Lieberman, the man he had to choose as his Vice-President in order to revive his moribund campaign.

Once Lieberman is President, the infiltration of the DOD, Department of State alluded to by Sibel Edmonds in here classified testimony to congress, will begin wholesale.

If that happens expect full Israeli/neoconservative penetration of Departments of State, Defense, Homeland Security, Executive Branch.

If this happens, this CHEKA-like organization/cabal, reminiscent of the Jewish dominated Trotskyist state police in revolutionary Russia, will systematically begin to disappear any who oppose them, whether they are Jewish or not.

It is as if Bush and Cheney basically handed the keys to the country over to the neoconservatives.
That is so scary. 

It's interesting this article has had 24 up votes and 21 down votes so far.
how do you know the number of downmods?
You just click 'details' at the top of this page.
Holy crap! All this time...

Thank you =)
[General Franks on Doug Feith:](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Douglas_Feith#Former_Commander_Coalition_Forces_in_Iraq.2C_Gen._Tommy_Franks_.28ret.29)

&gt; I have to deal with the f*&amp;king stupidest guy on the face of the earth almost every day.

[Doug Feith discussed on the daily show](http://www.crooksandliars.com/2007/02/14/daily-show-douglas-feith-has-huge-balls/)

[Doug Feith on Colbert](http://www.crooksandliars.com/2007/05/02/colbert-is-forced-to-apologize-to-doug-feith/)
&gt;A senior officer on the Joint Staff told State Department counter-terrorism director Sheehan he had heard terrorist strikes characterized more than once by colleagues as a "small price to pay for being a superpower". 

The bastard.
Not in America's interest.
Am I the only one that got an NSA/careers ad banner when I looked at this article?

Thats f-ing hilarious.  :D
Well he IS the dumbest man I've ever met...

Also his balls are the size of a planet.
Mind you, a very small planet, more of a planetoid.
ISRAEL! FTW!
Maybe it was just for you ;-)
Too bad we haven't taken them out yet.
Let's admit it, his balls are Plutoes. 

Edit: Come to think of it, rule 34. I want it, Reddit.
Each one of those is a failed state in one way or another. 

//

Libya voluntarily gave up its nuclear program after US leveled pressure on Iraq.
Fucking dual-loyalty traitors.  Any other country and they would all be put to death.
You stupid fucking plebs.

Obama and Clinton have the same paymasters as McCain.
Feithed indeed.
Wesley Clark said the exact same thing a few years ago.
Oh boy... when that doesn't happen, I am gonna  laugh at you SOOO hard. Its gonna be sweet.
Yeah, but Ron Paul touched you, and that's just not cool.
It is in America's interest, but the price might be too high.

//

You can cross Libya and Iraq off that list (Libya having voluntarily given up its nuclear weapons program due to US pressure). Since 9/11 Sudan has proven once again how inept the UN is, when its regime committed genocide in Darfur. Sudan was in need of a UN-backed regime change. Somalia is a failed state in every sense of the word and has fallen to to the Saudi-back Islamists, but is kept in check by the occasional invasion from Ethiopia. That leaves Syria and Iran. The former had its nuclear facilities destroyed by Israel, and the latter is pursuing nuclear weapons - make what you will of that.
This is seriously the way white people think when they get into power: take over as much shit as possible.
not quite
That's a rather ambitious list.
Traitors for Israel like this deserve everything Guantanamo has to offer.
I think we're all mature enough enough to deal with the word "fuck" around here.
He said it was for the good of the nation...
sorry, I copied it from the crooksandliars page, which censored it, rather than from the wiki page, which didn't.  It's the same quote, either way.
[deleted]
Hi, I like to pretend I'm smart by pretending like anything not guaranteed to exist is impossible.
I got an FBI one, and was also titillated.
When it doesn't happen, it will be because of my efforts. You are welcome.
Wesley Clark was talking about this for "Democracy Now" years ago.
[deleted]
War for oil. War for Israel. War for oil for Israel.

And in the end, a zionist ruling cabal atop the executive branch of the United States, with a police-state edifice care of Bush, Cheney, and the 911 false-flag terrorist event.
[deleted]
Google "CLEAN BREAK PAPER" AND "PNAC".
Strauss was your grandfather, ay comrade? 

Then you must be related to most of the leading Trotskyists who took control of Russia?  Most of them were Jewish. Leon Trotsky (Lev Bronstein) headed the Red Army. Yakov Sverdlov (Solomon) was both the Bolshevik party's executive secretary and -- as chairman of the Central Executive Committee -- head of the Soviet government. Grigori Zinoviev (Radomyslsky) headed the Communist International (Comintern), the central agency for spreading revolution in foreign countries. Other prominent Jews included press commissar Karl Radek (Sobelsohn), foreign affairs commissar Maxim Litvinov (Wallach), Lev Kamenev (Rosenfeld) and Moisei Uritsky. Most of the people who ran the early version of the KGB were Jewish.

Even Lenin, who was 1/4 Jewish, did say "An intelligent Russian is almost always a Jew or someone with Jewish blood in his veins."

Sort of reminds me of this Mickey Kantor fellow helping Hillary, who thinks Indiana voters are s*^#; or Mr. Kristol who think Americans are feckless as they want out of Iraq and to have their country restored to them. Fools.

Maybe when Joe Lieberman takes over the Presidency from McCain, another feckless American, you and he and all of the other grandchildren of Strauss will show us how to rule the dictatorship created by Bush and Cheney, two other feckless Americans with s*^# for brains. Good luck with your plans.
[deleted]
I've noticed that stupidity and brazen confidence are combined often. Look at Bush.
Syria, Iraq, Libya, Sudan and Somalia are fantastic countries.  Hopefully, someday soon, the entire world will be run by a similar mix of Stalinist thugs and Ottoman era mullahs.  Finally we will be done with the 200 year disaster that is western democratic republics.
If you are brazen because you are dumb, do you get to claim large balls?  A good philosophical question.
Good point. Giant balls == courage, not "being too dumb to be aware that there is any risk".
And then there will be a mandatory curfew, and all the rebels will begin to wear Guy Fawkes masks.
Okay, so it's pretty certain that Bush and the Secretary of Defense wanted to attack these countries. But what did they seriously want in these countries? 

-It's not to help Israel. They seriously don't care that much about another country. 

-It's not to prevent terrorism to the United States, because warfare is obviously not the way to prevent terrorists to the United States. 

-Perhaps it's oil, but none of these referred to documents mention oil-related benefits gained from controlling the governments of these countries. 

-Other ideas? Non-conspiracy theories please.
there's nothing in the constitution that said he couldn't...
You don't really get this on Reddit, because Redditors are by-and-large idiot conspiracy nuts, but the neocon movement really is very ideology-driven.  They really do want to spread democracy and maintain American power around the world.  I think that's actually the biggest problem with them, that this belief and drive is not attached to reality.  I think they truly believed that Iraqis would welcome us with open arms and fall into a democracy once we came in, and were genuinely shocked that it didn't happen, because their ideology had it as a certainty.  

They're finding now that you can't just magically wave a wand democratize the world, or force it on people, something which any non ideology-blinded analyst could have told them.

If you look at them in this light, as die-hard ideologues (ironically in the classic Communist vein), their actions make sense.  From their point of view, tough measures, both at home and abroad, are justified because they are making the world a better place.
In WW2 not only Germany was taken down, but its allies too.
Giant balls make for an easy target.
Although the downmods are destined to rain down on me for this:

Obama will not effectively change anything in the grand scheme of things.  He voted for the patriot act, supported every war spending bill put before him and has demonstrated his determination to support the Israeli agenda.

He will merely package the deal in a more palatable artificial aroma that gains more support until people realize they've been duped and start saying, "He should be impeached, but he's almost out of office, so it's too late to do anything about it.".
Do you think a US-engineered power change would un-FAIL them?
Traitors.
&gt; You don't really get this on Reddit, because Redditors are by-and-large idiot conspiracy nuts, but the neocon movement really is very ideology-driven.

The idiot conspiracy nuts are just louder, so you'll see them more often. There are plenty of rational people here.
Hegemony over the oil market sounds fine to me . Documents? One of the first things put in place after the invasion of Iraq was a whole elaborate structure put in place in how to divvy up the oil.You seriously don't think these clowns would buy a public notice in Mother Jones to advertise their intention. Believe me while all the 't's might not be crossed it probably has been kicked around. Don't expect documents bunged up in the safe as these guys have already had their fingers burnt on emails so they tend to be shy about leaving paper trails
. Who was it who said "Conspiracy? who needs conspiracy when they already think alike. Feith is a particularly odious member of the clique of neocons. Styled as the architect of the Iraq war, he is now seen to be furiously back peddling  about his enthusiastic participation in this tragic blunder by casting around blame for others to take. If and when the US has its well deserved regime change happens one can only hope that D.Feith and the rest of the band of neocon thugs gets put in the dock to be properly held accountable for the lethal fraud perpetrated on both the USA and Iraq. Hopefully with an end result of appropriate punishment, not like the silly slap on the wrist Ollie North got.
I don't know.

My point was that this list does not consists of peaceful democracies. There is a reason why Switzerland isn't on there. This is a list of theocracies, terrorist-supporting states, some guilty of genocide (as recently as last year), some pursuing clandestine nuclear weapons programs (4 of the 6 at one point or another). In my view, it is a good thing that when the US contemplates military action, it is against regimes like this.
True enough.
Petradollar warfare, American world hegemony, Israeli Middle East hegemony.
Your assertion of 'incorrect' is backed up by...your firmly held convictions or something more substantial?  I don't know who Moisel Usritsky, but everything else seems to check out.
Pros: Good one!  
Cons: Downmodded it anyway.
Excuse me?  You think yellow people or brown people or black people are any different?
Most of them are puppet dictators, with a patina of Islam to placate the masses.  Democracy is the last thing we want in the  Middle East.
Iranians are (were) actually quite cosmopolitan. They (and the rest of the world) would benefit most from an Iranian democracy. Then again, who knows what 30 years of Islmic rule will do to a society.
lol
Crazy fuckers.  Hooray for the Iraqi rebels!!   They've saved the world!!
That's what I thought. Is this a news today?
Are you a soldier in the occupation army?
Your suggestion, while politically popular within some circles, makes no sense from an academic perspective that is grounded in any accepted international relations theory.
Oh well, so much for satire...

Summary:
War for oil for Israel.
-It's not to help Israel.
They seriously don't care that much about another country.
But what did they seriously want in these countries?
They (and the rest of the world) would benefit most from an Iranian democracy.
They really do want to spread democracy and maintain American power around the world.
Most of them were Jewish.
Democracy is the last thing we want in the  Middle East.
Syria, Iraq, Libya, Sudan and Somalia are fantastic countries.
Any other country and they would all be put to death.
This is seriously the way white people think when they get into power: take over as much shit as possible.
He said it was for the good of the nation...
-It's not to prevent terrorism to the United States, because warfare is obviously not the way to prevent terrorists to the United States.
It does surprise me that Feith is admitting it.
who needs conspiracy when they already think alike.
I got an FBI one, and was also titillated.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
