Original Response:
http://heathlander.wordpress.com/2008/05/14/how-to-deal-with-peaceful-protestors/
Zionazis need to be stopped for actions like the above.
so you have a problem with protesters not being injured through the use of non-lethal rubber bullets, but have no comment of the indiscriminate rocket fire which hit a populated mall full of civilians?
ifamericansknew.org
Statistics are skewed when one side preaches martyrdom and encourages human shields, while the other side has alarm systems to cause fewer deaths. Hamas smiles when a palestinian dies and celebrates a suicide bomber. Israel mourns when an Israeli dies. It's unfortunate that you believe propaganda rather than seeing the obvious. 

Example of the use of human shields.
http://www.anti-cair-net.org/HamasHumanShields.gif
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3650791.stm
http://electronicintifada.net/v2/article5934.shtml
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-5612973806744800498
Do you have a comprehension problem or do you just not want to listen. I wasn't making a moral equivalency argument (how ever it would not be difficult to win). I was pointing out that Hamas works to have that number as high as possible. I will take you not disputing Hamas' use of human shields as acquiescence of this. 

You'll notice in the links you gave me the "human shields" didn't die. Also, that 13 year old boy was not a human shield, he was detained for throwing rocks and let go after the incident.
Im not saying I like the extremists. 
Extremists are stupid and that is why I Hate Zionism.
I hate Zionism like I hate Evangelicalism.
Im sorry but zionists must be pretty slow in the head if they think a story book that basically states all non jews are dogs can help them claim land. Just because someone writes it in a book does not mean a)god exists or b)he said you could have this land.
&gt;  Im sorry but zionists must be pretty slow in the head if they think a story book that basically states all non jews are dogs can help them claim land. Just because someone writes it in a book does not mean a)god exists or b)he said you could have this land.

This really just shows your lack of understanding of zionism. It also exemplifies a lack of knowledge of jewish history. The zionist movement has always had two differing viewpoints. Your hatred for zionism is the minority viewpoint and one which I think is abhorrent. The alternate (and predominant) viewpoint is that the need for a jewish land has nothing to do with the bible and everything to do with how jews were treated by the muslim and christian worlds over the course of centuries (including today). 
That said, even the most zealot jews do not believe that non-jews are dogs. In fact, Israel treats their minority religions far better than any other religious country treats their minorities. A jew cannot pray openly in Saudi Arabia, but muslims prey openly and unharrassed in Israel. 
You accuse zionists of being slow in the head because of incorrect facts you read on some anti-semetic blog or because of a few ifiot zealots you ran into on the Internet. This is not what zionism is or what it stands for.
I do not hate jewish people.
I hate Zionists.
Like I do not hate normal christians but hate evangelicals.

Why is it if Israel is so nice that they would love to wipe out iran. 

Basically no one will change in this argument, I wont stop hating Zionazis and you wont start turning on zionism.
I never accused you of hating jewish people. False accusations of racism hurt honest discourse.  What I stated (and you failed to respond to) is that you do not know what a zionist really is.

&gt; Why is it if Israel is so nice that they would love to wipe out iran.

I don't think they'd love to, but they have reason to be threatened.
A short list of Iran's recent actions:
1) gives money to Hezbollah which attacks Israel (including starting a war by kidnapping Israeli soldiers)
2) there president incites people to chant "death to Israel"
I have read a paper on the founding and history of Zionism.

Sorry about the false accusation.

I feel that Israel would love to attack Iran because then Iran would attack back and that would let the US get in on it and Iran would be wiped out.
I also want to state that I dont think that Israel should be wiped off the map. I think that the two groups (although almost impossible  should work to live together with an equal amount of land for both peoples) Equality for all, never one group over another.
I find the death in the region abhorrent as well. the only solution I see is a 2 state system. The arab world has had centuries to treat the jews as equals and they have failed to do this.
&gt; I have read a paper on the founding and history of Zionism.

If you read a paper which shows the Israeli point of view fairly, then I'm sure you know about promises made in 1922. The treatment of Jews in Europe (pre-WWII), the treatment of jews as Dhimmis in the Arab world and the expulsion of jews from jerusalem at various moments in history. 
My point here is only to show you that the average zionist is not a zealot, but rather someone who recognizes that jews need a place to exist without being discriminated against. 

&gt; Sorry about the false accusation.

np, many A-holes on reddit accuse others of being an anti-semite (or a racist, or a homophobe, etc) ... I understand.

&gt; I feel that Israel would love to attack Iran because then Iran would attack back and that would let the US get in on it and Iran would be wiped out.

I'll agree this is what the neo cons want. I also agree that the far right of Israel may want this too, but those in power likely do not. Another war would not be good for Israel and their is a growing anti-US sentiment amongst the Israeli population
Do you feel that Israel has a large control over america?
No ... I think it has an unfortunate influence over some politics, but this is largely based on a affluent jewish population who votes heavily in swing states. 
AIPAC is not really represented by Israelis, but is represented by American Jews who care about Israel. Their aspect is that if America didn't support the only Israeli state, no one would. No one caring about jews played a large role in the creation of Israel and the various atrocities which occurred to jews over the course of time, so this is far from an illegiitimate POV.
I was wondering also if you had an opinion on why that it seems that most of the time you hear about no other genocides on the media other then the Genocide of jewish peoples during ww2.
your points seems so one-sided that it does little toward convincing the reader. the mention of the 2 soldiers also shows that you have no understanding of the lebanon "war"
Untrue. Before the kidnapping of those soldiers there was no war, afterwards there was one. Hezbollah even admitted that that they regretted kidnapping those soldiers because it set off a war.
I have several answers to that question.

I hear about many genocides in the MSM, but there is a reason that the holocaust is mentioned. The majority of the US is white and of Western European Heritage ... at very least, our system of laws is based on Western European laws. Our language and values originate there. Our understanding of literature, science, history, etc. originates there. The genocide in WWII occurred to people who come from something that we are familiar with, therefore the average american can relate better and is more familiar with what was going on. Because of this it has a greater effect on the average viewer. Additionally, America was involved with the war that was contemporaneous with that genocide and saved the day. We hear about it, because it is easier to relate to then other genocides. 
That said, I hear about genocide in Darfur and elsewhere. 

My question to you: Why does it anger so many people that the holocaust is mentioned by Jews? Less than 70 years ago 1/3 of all jews were killed. The arguments that were put forth by Hitler are still put forth by neo-nazis and radical Islam, so Jews have reasons to be nervous.
Its not the coverage that makes me mad. Its all the people making money off of it.
&gt;  Its all the people making money off of it.

ticks me off too. Anyone making money off of someone elses tragedy makes me sick. For example, the companies around the world who profit off of war really bother me. 

 I never can understand why other people have a such a problem with the holocaust being brought up generally though. I have distance cousins who passed in the holocaust and have had teachers who are survivors. From my perspective, when I see people getting up in arms about someone bringing up the holocaust or downplaying it, I am immediately suspicious. It was a tragedy and 60 years later, the jewish population has just recovered to pre-holocaust numbers. So someone telling me that the mass murder of people who identified themselves in the same way as I do is no longer relevent, when my living grandfather was alive during that event is preposterous.  The only reason I can think someone is irked by it is that they don't want people to sympathize with jews ... which in my view is antisemetic. Just as I would never say that I don't want to hear about the conditions in gaza. someone who worked at denying that has a serious problem with Arabs.
There have been worse things in history however. Communism has killed 10's of millions more people then Hitler ever did.

I think people can be anti zion without being anti semetic as there are many jews who dislike what Israel is doing.
&gt; I think people can be anti zion without being anti semetic as there are many jews who dislike what Israel is doing.

I agree 100%. Many Jews are against the current Israeli administration. This is unsurprising to me though. One of the tenants of judaism is that you are allowed to ask questions and challenge the ruling party. Before I stopped going to synagogue I sat down with my rabbi and questioned him on core parts of the bible. He happily gave me his perspective and listened to mine. When I see him now, he does not have a problem with me. 

&gt; There have been worse things in history however. Communism has killed 10's of millions more people then Hitler ever did.

Yes, and imagine what happened in unrecorded history. I do not expect the descendants of those killed by Stalin or Lenin to forget about it and no one should expect the jewish people to forget either.
I hate to sound stupid or mean but I also really dislike when people play the "feel sorry for me for I am a jew and my people are hated by everyone" I mean sure in some situations but sometimes it is over used.


Once I was arguing with a jewish person about how lots of the time jews will not accept another argument without calling the person an anti semite and they replied and all they were saying is how anti semetic I was. It was rather funny actually.
&gt; I hate to sound stupid or mean but I also really dislike when people play the "feel sorry for me for I am a jew and my people are hated by everyone" I mean sure in some situations but sometimes it is over used.

I actually agree with you on both comments you made, but their is an added level of complexity in both issues

The argument "feel sorry for me, I'm a jew" is only put forth by the most pathetic people. I hate an argument where I am supposed to treat you special when the past you speak of is completely unrelated. The other side is that when the issue that is currently being discussed is related to the past treatment, suddenly the argument is not "feel sorry for me," but "let's keep that from happening again." I believe that jews need a place to live and have dominion because of thousands of years of mistreatment. This is not to make up for it (which would be a ridiculous reason) or to make amends, but to make sure it does not happen again. Like it or not, jews have consistently been mistreated by the christian and the muslim world.  So I would never make the argument "feel bad for me" because pity gets me no where. I would say "treat me fairly" and "don't do that again." 
What I would suggest to you is that fewer jews make the pity argument than you think. It is actually counter to the success of jews in the US. Jews took the jobs that they were allowed to in 19th- early 20th century america. Jews are entertainers because the christian public allowed this. DO (doctors of osteopathic medicine) are more prevelant in the northeast (where their are jews) because regular med schools would not accept a jew. I could continue, but I imagine I would bore you. 

The anti-Semitic argument. As I stated earlier, I think that accusing people of racism falsely is counter-productive. I would answer you with a challenge, not for you to answer me, but for you to evaluate for yourself. The accusation of anti-semetism is made less frequently then the statement "oh, when is someone going to call them an anti-semite." The reason for this is quite clear to me. By launching false accusations that jews make false accusations it allows the actual anti-semites to say what they want without reprocussion (I hope my writing is succeint enough). Reddit is the perfect example. Unless someone states "I hate kikes," no one will take anti-semetic accusations seriously, even when it is clear as day. The challenge is to see which comes first on reddit. An accusation that someone is anti-semetic, or the defense mechanism of pre-emption. I think you will find the latter wins out easily. 

To anyone who falsely accused you, that is regretful. I do not believe that someone who was anti-semetic would be interested in hearing what I have to say on this issue. What I encourage you to do is remember that their are trolls on both sides.
There is nothing I would like more for everyone to coexist. It wont happen because we are human. But we can try.

Summary:
I do not hate jewish people.
I never accused you of hating jewish people.
I hate Zionism like I hate Evangelicalism.
&gt;  Its all the people making money off of it.
Its all the people making money off of it.
&gt; Sorry about the false accusation.
Sorry about the false accusation.
I would say "treat me fairly" and "don't do that again."
Extremists are stupid and that is why I Hate Zionism.
Im not saying I like the extremists.
The only reason I can think someone is irked by it is that they don't want people to sympathize with jews ... which in my view is antisemetic.
What I would suggest to you is that fewer jews make the pity argument than you think.
&gt; I have read a paper on the founding and history of Zionism.
I have read a paper on the founding and history of Zionism.
&gt; Why is it if Israel is so nice that they would love to wipe out iran.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.09
