Original Response:
Looks like Carter is fulfilling his Onion-predicted destiny.
http://www.theonion.com/content/opinion/i_got_what_america_needs_right
I don't understand the "Don't talk to your enemies" attitude. The only way to resolve a conflict if you won't talk to your enemies is to completely destroy them and Northern Ireland is a prime example of why you should talk to your enemies.
Nixon and Reagan were still Presidents when they meet the two leaders of China and Russia and they had some leverage. Carter was a failure as a President and he is still trying to make up for it.
thing is that hamas really ISN'T the enemy of the US. they are the enemy of isreal so carter should stay the fuck out of it.
carter...easily the worst president next to the one right now.
Except Hamas isn't my enemy, they are simply fighting an illegal occupier.
With that attitude, Bush should be sleeping on Hamas' doorstep.
Well based on his book Israel is his enemy, so he is actually just talking to friends.

edit: He is going around embracing Hamas members who advocate sending unguided missiles into Israel hoping they will kill as many civilians as possible. Thats why he is their friend and not Israels.
with child-bombs...
The Onion is right a frighteningly high percentage of the time.
Have you read the Hamas charter?  They are the enemy of all non-Muslims.
Trying diplomacy doesn't make you a bad president. Heck, in the current political climate, I'd say it makes you a pretty good president. Or ex-president.
why?

isn't it better to talk to your "enemy" so you can resolve your differences instead of simply letting the tensions grow?
&gt; They are the enemy of all non-Muslims

apparently YOU have not read it. This is not true.
have you ever seen hamas attack america? didn't think so, they would leave us alone if only we were kind enough to do the same.
You fight with what you have at hand. Unless you got the US to buy you toys, like Israel does.
and rocket attacks that target civilians.
Actually the point is for the US to mediate between the two.  They need the US to do this.  If you want to be isolationist about it, at least Carter is doing it without ANY of your tax dollars.
Yes, absolutely.  It seems plainly obvious to me that The Jon Stewart Show owes a LOT to The Onion, as does The Steven Colbert Show.

The whole point of sarcasm, irony, whatever, is to get us closer to the truth and this is something that The Onion does in a magnificently supreme way.

If the only way to the truth is through mockery, sarcasm, irony and gritty vocabulary then let's get on with it.  If we can't move closer to the truth unless we use every literary device, every dramatic effect, then by all means, hold nothing back.  I think Shakespeare had this all figured out 400 years ago, too, hence the timelessness of his literature and drama.
That is a complete and shameful misrepresentation of the truth.

Carter's enemy is people who work against peace.  Let Jimmy Carter speak for himself. He doesn't need you to smear him and what he stands for or to subvert his message and what he has to say.
Three words: Obama. Carter. 2008.
No, Jimmy Carter was NOT a failure as a President; moreover, he has done MORE with his life SINCE he finished his term as president than ANY other President has done.
Hamas is a political organization that the Palestinians have chosen to represent them. Hamas has done far less harm in the world than the political organizations that the people of the U.S. and the people of Israel have chosen to represent them.
Carter can get it DONE.
You provide not a single word to substantiate your opinion, which sounds like little more than a crazy conspiracy story to me.
Get your head out of your ass.
You, too.
Carter wrote the book on how to back stab and isolate your allies. He's handling this destructive foray about as well as he handled the US economy when he was prez. IT'S OFFICIAL: The worst POTUS EVER!
But its okay for Israel to occupy ppl, bulldoze homes, put checkpoints every 50 yards - that is all okay.
Assuming we're insulting Bush for not sitting down for this discussion himself, I'd just like to point out that it really might be best for everyone involved if Bush never talked to anyone. Ever.

So, with that mindset, we really can't feel too angry about him staying in his room. In fact, I rather prefer he did so more often.
He did offer to meet the Israeli prime minister but was rebuffed.  So your comment wasn't exactly fair to him.

Somehow I doubt Israel is his enemy.  I suspect he has issues with the way Israel treats the Palestinians.  He's intelligent enough to realise that it's part of the problem. Part being the important word which is why dialogue is necessary so all the issues can be resolved one by one.  It took 10 years of talking in Northern Ireland. Compromise isn't easy, but the peace is worth it in the end.
True!  People need to do some research on Carter before proclaiming him the best person in the world...  He was by FAR on of the worst Presidents.

People need to understand that Inaction ≠ Peace Loving.
It's no wonder Carter is one of the most disliked presidents of our time.  

Talking with Hamas legitimizes their violence.  The message he is sending to the world now is that if you want to be heard, blowing up children in pizza parlors and coffee shops will get you a seat at the table.
I couldn't agree more
Diplomacy is different than inaction.  Diplomacy is the science/art of actively disarming a potentially harmful situation with words.  What Carter would do was wait and hope it all blew over...
Every time Condi opens her mouth I throw up in mine a little bit.

Did she seriously say she didn't see what was to be gained by attempting peace talks with "the impediment to peace"?

I am sick of her and her ilk at the CFR.
No, you're wrong.

Carter is following the advice of 64% of Israelis who want direct negotiations with Hamas immediately.

I am SURE you and your cadre are aware of this, so are you shilling or what?
nonintervention is not isolationist, I really wish people would get that neocon slogan out of their brains. the US has no idea of how to mediate between the two as can be evidenced by 60 years of failed peace talks (in the region).  regional people would be more attuned to the needs of both sides than some monolithic foreigner from thousands of miles away. It would be like north korea or china trying to settle a feud between the US and canada.
I would gladly have a peace pipe session with those folks.  Somethin' needs to be worked out.  They are pissed.  We are pissed.  Everyone is pissed, and keep getting more pissed.

Heck, if customs would let me I'd even bring the pipe.
It's too bad you couldn't put a cohesive argument against what I said together without resorting to personal attacks.  

Would you like to tell me how Carter's meeting with Hamas **does not** legitimize their violence or would you rather just give me another poll number and call me a partisan hack or shill?
That's five words, not including your "Three words" words :(
War crimes(shooting unguided missiles into civilian areas with a prayer they kill as many people as possible, suicide bombings on civilians) are not ways to work for peace. I'm not smearing him, he is against Israel's actions pure and simple, and Israel disagrees with him, hence he is not Israel's friend.
[deleted]
Yes, all satirical media should give praise to onion.  /sarcasm
Ugh.  it pains me to hear you douche bags talk about carter.  carter doesn't exactly have the greatest track record when it comes to ANYTHING foreign policy related.  Do you homework.  I'd rather send Oprah than Carter...
JIMAAAA CARTAAAA MOTHERFUCKAS!
[deleted]
No, Bush is clearly the worst POTUS ever.  You can't get any worse than the traitor/dope we have in office now.
Be aware that Jimmy Carter is visiting in his role as a member of the Global Elders. 

The Global Elders is a group of 12 elderly former world leaders who have pledged to travel the world using their superpowers for good. They are led by Archbishop Desmond Tutu, who is kind of like Professor X.

The members of this awesome supergroup include:

* Former US President James Earl Carter (Nobel Prize Winner)
* Former South African President Nelson Mandela (Nobel Prize Winner)
* Former Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso
* Former Irish President Mary Robinson
* Former Norwegian Prime Minister Gro Harlem Brundtland
* Former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan
* Former Algerian Ambassador Lakhdar Brahimi
* Former Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing
* Mozambican activist Graça Machel (wife of Nelson Mandela)
* Indian trade union leader Ela Bhatt
* Peace activist and Burmese political prisoner Aung San Suu Kyi (Nobel Prize Winner)
* Grameen Bank founder Muhammed Yunus (Nobel Prize Winner)

Together with the help of Sir Richard Branson and Peter Gabriel they fight to repair the worldwide damage done by former failed entrepreneur and baseball team owner George W. Bush.

They also form VOLTRON.
I don't know whether to up-vote you for agreeing that the Shrub is the worst ever, or down-vote you because I think Carter is OK... so I just won't vote on yours.   :)
Somebody's got to try to do something with the huge void that the Shrub is leaving... others have to try to clean up the messes Bush is making or ignoring.
Except in the latter cases, they were real threats.
I'm starting to think that the reason Israel is so against peace is because they actually enjoy killing Palestinians en mass. You have to figure, the more they kill the easier it is to steal their land. 

It completely explains why they aren't willing to talk to Hamas, or seriously talk to Abbas.
Israel and Palestine both have more than their fair share of unreasonable violent assholes and the United States is stupid to get involved.

Discuss.
Uh oh, major semantic debate coming...

Is a number a "word"?
So you think blowing up completely civilian targets and killing woman and children is justified?
[deleted]
Im sorry, carter is an israeli?  No?  Then wtf do they matter?
Yea, Great.  Nixon---China, now China is kicking our asses and soon to be our overloards, oh wait we are already their bitches.
[deleted]
i would think it would help more if that 64% of Israelis who want direct negotiations with Hamas immediately. voted in a government that was willing to do that.
You almost had me fooled, but then I realized that you hadn't mentioned either Bono or Sir Bob Geldof.
Are you comparing Hamas to China and the Soviet Union?
So you condone terrorism then, as long as you have a good reason?
1. Who said that?

2. How in the FUCK do you compare a suicide bomb to a simple checkpoint?
There have been plenty of peace talks that started with a Hamas attack on Israel to stop any progress.
Not at all.  If I were them, I would go for strategic military and political targets.  While I don't think their actions of killing civilians is justified in itself, the actions of the Israeli government and the circumstances bring down (by a lot) my level of disagreement against their (HAMAS) "terrorism".  You can't fight fire with fire but you can fight it with water. However, you can drown in water.
Neah, they're just voltron's mechanics.
[deleted]
Please refer to my reply to pa42's comment.

Also, if I may add, the answer is a sound NO.  If you have a good reason then it is not terrorism.  "one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter" comes to mind.  I don't think one should bend over and take it.  Nobody is Jesus, some are just Christians and Christians never do what Jesus did.
You quotes around terrorism and comments like "you fight with what you have at hand" strongly suggest that you believe that they are justified in their actions. Either you believe that their attacks aimed at purely civilian targets are justified or you do not. If you do not believe that Hamas acts in terrorism, then you must believe that those acts are justified. 
I fail to see how action on Israels part (right or wrong) changes whether or not it is wrong to attack civilians.
Are you saying Israel is a coward for not sitting by and watching civilians die from war crimes committed by another country?
"a small pipe bomb." Blowing up a bus or cafe in the middle of a peace process is not a small pipe bomb. It is evidence that Israel's enemies have no interest in peace and the party that Israel is talking to has no control over the attacks
Your stance is rather hypocritical and confused. 

Either you believe "by any means necessary" or you believe that regardless of cause, some acts  should be considers reprehensible.

Your statements seem to suggest that you support both, which, well, you can't.
[deleted]
It is not hypocritical and it is not confused, not to me.  The line might be very thin and it might blur every now and then but I'm pretty sure what my position is.

Yes. While I believe "by any means necessary" it certainly does not mean I will attempt the most absurd and inhumane methods first.  I think diplomacy should ALWAYS be the first thing on the table.  I do believe some actions are reprehensible but looking at the whole picture (which is the *reasonable* thing to do) can change my view.

I'll agree with you on that, somewhat.  I'll try to explain it better: I believe that, if indeed Al Qaeda had something to do with it, what happened in 9/11 was wrong.  However, how wrong? Not *that* much.  It was a wake up call that this country shouldn't fuck with other people just because it has newer and better toys.  Would I go back in time and do everything in my power to stop it or would I prevent something similar from happening, if possible?  I 100% would.  Like I said, diplomacy should be given a shot first, second, and third.  However, you just can't talk to animals sometimes, you have to make signs to them.
I feel like you ignored or did not understand my point at all. Historically the diplomacy has been between Fatah and Israel. If Fatah was talking to Israel while Hamas was attacking Israel, it was strongly suggested that their could be no peace between the parties because peace between Fatah and Israel would not have lead to peace. So Israel's decision was not cowardly or against peace, it was representative of the fact that peace could not be attained with the parties present. In each on of those situation, Hamas refused to be at the table.

Now we sit with Hamas in a leadership role and their views on peace have been made quite clear by their actions: they do not want peace. There are daily attacks into Israel via rockets.  

Counter to that, you will see that Israel stops incursions during peace talks.
When it's happening to you, you might understand it a little better.
Your response once again supports the idea that the attacks are justified. 

I do not believe that I would support attacks on civilians regardless of the situation.
Would *you* like to tell me how Carter's meeting with Hamas does not legitimize their violence?
HURRR DERP American politics ruining Reddit!!!!!  Front page!

[OMG check this 0ut I found it on DIGGCOM!!](http://www.snopes.com/photos/people/graphics/griffin1.jpg)
It legitimizes *both* their concerns and tactics.
[deleted]
Even if that were the only way to get attention on the government, elected by those civilian targets, that is starving your family to death?

Well, in that case, let's define my answer as YES, I support the murder of so call *innocent* civilians for a just cause.
[deleted]
Just because one side attacks (either side) it doesn't justify the other side attacking back.  Especially if it's civilians bearing the brunt of the bloodshed.  I am not justifying Palestinian terrorism when I say this because I think all terrorism is wrong but Israel is the stronger side so it should be willing to show more restraint than it does.  

If the Israelis decided to spend one year concentrating on protecting it's citizens but keeping all it's forces and weapons on it's own side and sent significant aid into Palestine it's a safe bet that meaningful dialogue will get started in that year and potential for a lasting cease-fire would exist.

Compromise is the other key.  People have to decide which is more important, peace or holding onto every square inch of land.  Personally I'd be willing to sacrifice some of the land I believed I was entitled to if I could see my enemy was doing the same for the sake of peace.
"so call[ed] innocent civilians"

You have an interesting way of assigning guilt
What are we 5 year olds here?  Should my retort be:

What, you think it's right because *you* say so?

Round and round we go.  Meet me on the playground in 15.
Kicking your asses??  Why do you equate getting richer with kicking your asses?  No country can remain the world's most powerful indefinitely.  America, like every world power before it, will eventually be surpassed.  It doesn't mean you have to be enemies with the country who surpasses you.
How so?

Aren't we (well, those who elected Bush and let him run wild--I didn't vote for him) as guilty as Bush is for permitting his abuse of the constitution and basic human rights of those detained to "protect our freedom" and the death of innocent Iraqi civilians?  If you think not, then you have an interesting way of displacing guilt.
So, based on what you just said, under the right circumstances, blowing up a bus full of children is a legitimate action. In other words, you support terrorism as a political tool.

It's okay if you have this opinion (although it's not one I agree with), but you should reconcile that with yourself and not excuse it. 

Keep in mind though that in this world, somebody is always suffering. Legitimizing actions based on the loosely related actions of others is a recipe for chaos, imo.
And yet Israelis have still managed to kill more Palestinian civilians over the past seven years.

Go figure.
Jimmy does love thugs and dictators.
So am I to understand that by not talking to Hamas and not 'legitimizing' their violence that means that the violence isn't real?  Does that mean the violence will just shuffle back home when it relizes that it isn't legitimate?  If there's a chance at talking to people and resolving the issue then why the hell not?  Its true that talks have broken down many times in the past, but the violence back and forth sure as hell isn't helping any, so back to square one.
I didn't vote for him either. 
I do not feel that people who elect parties are guilty in a sense where violence aimed at them is justified. I do not feel that this negates their innocent civilian status. 
Are the palestinians all responsible for the acts of Hamas and therefore punishable by Israel? no, they are not.
Israel does show restraint. Giving land for the promise of peace isn't the greatest idea considering how many times Arab countries around Israel have gone back on their promises. And there was relative peace between Hamas and Israel for long periods of time in the past. It didn't lead to anything.
Well when the unguided rockets are shot from school rooftops and Israel shoots back, its hard to get away.
&gt;&gt;"Just because one side attacks (either side) it doesn't justify the other side attacking back. Especially if it's civilians bearing the brunt of the bloodshed. ***I am not justifying Palestinian terrorism when I say this*** because I think all terrorism is wrong but Israel is the stronger side so it should be willing to show more restraint than it does."

Note.. yes you are
[deleted]
there is a big difference between talking with enemies and talking with people who will (have) gleefully strap bombs to their ases and blow your grandmother into 1000 little tiny chunks.

"Talking" justifies the bombings and enchorages others to do the same.


But hey wtf do I know.
But they're being punished either way.
&gt;So am I to understand that by not talking to Hamas and not 'legitimizing' their violence that means that the violence isn't real?  Does that mean the violence will just shuffle back home when it relizes that it isn't legitimate?

I'm sorry, but that didn't make any sense to me at all.  Could you elaborate?
I want part of your land so I am going to lob rockets into your yard and send my pets over with bomb vests.


Opps, one of your kids died.. let's talk now.
Yeah, can't compare them, Hamas is much better. Both the Soviet and Chinese commies murdered tens of millions of people.
That is true and I am in favor of peace for both sides. My point was these palestinians (non-Hamas or other terrorist organization) and Israeli citizens (non-active army personnel)  are both quite clearly innocent civilians and action **aimed** at killing citizens is never justified.
Please explain how I am justifying Palestinian terrorism by saying that Israel is the stronger side so it should be willing to show more restraint than it does.

What I am saying here is talk to your enemies and don't cut off talks that will benefit hundreds of thousand of people on both sides because of a specific (or even a series of) terrorist attack(s).  Israel have the ability to defend their population from the vast majority of Palestinian attacks without inflicting casualties and if talks were continuous rather than fractured and constantly starting from the beginning progress could actually be made.

The Red Cross has said that the humanitarian situation in the Gaza strip is now the worst it has ever been.  I assume you agree that an entire population does not deserve this to be inflicted upon them when the vast majority of them are innocent of any wrong doing? The situation shows that Israel is being unnecessarily punitive and there will be no peace while it's going on.
In regards to that first and second paragraphs: I do not think murder should be a political tool, but when that's the only tool you have left why should you give up?

I am not trying to excuse my views.  I am simply trying to express that things don't have to be black or white.  There's this other color called gray.

I hope this helps you understand what I mean:  If I were a judge given the responsibility to find the accused (terrorists who blew up a school bus full of kids because their kids starved to death and their wives were killed by those kids parents) guilty or innocent I would not be able to, with a clean conscience, find them guilty, nor would I easily find them innocent.  But, ultimately, I would most likely side with the accused.  Although, I would send them to a psychologist.

People tend to forget that Israeli civilians are also Israeli soldiers.  That even blurs the line between innocent and guilty more.
Like I said, Israeli civilians are also Israeli soldiers.  Not all, but most are or have been.

P.S. I forgot to add, in response to your other post, that the only true "order" is found in chaos.
Stop fucking around, Israel has murdered 20 times more children than the Palestinians.
So to review:
You believe that terrorism against Israel is Justified and all Israelis are fair targets because they were in the military.

I find your viewpoint to be deplorable. Children are not in the military. Retired military personnel are not military targets under the UN, the geneva conventions or under any other definitions.
THIS IS CAARRTAAAAAAAAA!!!!
They are also words.
Children didn't ask for life, so taking it away isn't that wrong.

Edit: We still respect the UN, Geneva or other laws?
I give Carter the benefit of the doubt only because every right-leaning asshole on every talk radio show hates him. Obviously he must be one of the good guys if the dark side hates him.
Are you saying that the British Government should not have talked to the IRA in Northern Ireland?

Years of arresting and imprisoning terrorists was tried and this only served to cause further terrorism.  Talking was tried: The murders stopped and a political solution **acceptable to both sides** was negotiated.

Talking to terrorists doesn't justify their methods. It just acknowledges that **even though you think their methods are despicable** you know that if you don't engage with them you will have to endure far more deaths than if you do.

Can you point out one example where not talking worked out better? Keeping in mind that I am talking about a national scale and not about single examples like hostage situations where a rescue attempt was successful.

I can list many where talking was a success.
So your opinion is that children are fair game to kill?

&gt; We still respect the UN, Geneva or other laws?

The point here is that your viewpoint is self serving to justify killing Israelis and not based in logic or law.
&gt;&gt;"Can you point out one example where *not talking worked out better*? ....Keeping in mind that I am talking about a ***national*** scale "



I'll give you two mr. smartypants:

1. Nagasaki 
 
2. Hiroshima




You're preaching to the wrong type of person, I would wipe the fuckers off the map.

End of story.

No more bombs, no more missles, no more death.  Yep a lot of collateral damage up front, much less over time. And a iron clad guaranty that no one else would ever be stupid enough to try it again.


But I guess your way is better, talk to the guys who want to kill your family, we all know that won't inspire all the other meatheads to start killing right?



EDIT:  missed your first question...

&gt;&gt;"Are you saying that the British Government should not have talked to the IRA in Northern Ireland?"

In my Opinion, the brits were the terrorists.
[deleted]
According to you:
Person A causes person B's family to starve.
person B kills person C. person B is not guilty even though person C had nothing to do with it.

Nice morals.
[deleted]
For the Likud's it is. Keep inciting violence, keep killing Palestinians with your US supplied weapons but most important of all - keep taking land, and building settlements.
oh, sorry I forgot the part where I say "it's my land, you stole it" and then whine about my lack of prosperity and progression (blaming you) while I focus all my time on making bombs and weapons and send my kids off to die in your yard.


there is that better?
Children have always been fair game.  To everyone.

It is based on logic, you do something bad or support someone doing something bad then something bad should be allowed to happen or be done to you.  Law isn't always based on logic or what's right for that matter.  Self serving?  Yes, who else should I seek to serve but myself?

If you don't justify the killing of Israelis then are you justifying the killing of Palestinians? No, you are not (I hope so).  I am not trying to justify it (the killing of Israelis) as in giving it a green light/go ahead.  I'm am simply rationalizing the Palestinians' human actions.  It is understandable why they'd do it.  Punishable?  It should be.  Would I punish them?  No, but I wouldn't stop someone else from doing it.

We're talking about my thoughts and not my actions.  My actions aren't always commanded by my thoughts and my thoughts aren't always expressed through my actions.
&gt;I am not trying to excuse my views. I am simply trying to express that things don't have to be black or white. There's this other color called gray.

Yes, but one of the positions in this argument (namely that some actions are inexcusable regardless of cause) is automatically negated if you hold the viewpoint that you do. 

I'm not saying that makes you a bad person, but a fact is a fact. For example, I take the position that the action of the terrorists is  immoral regardless of their circumstance. It is besides the point that the actions of people who have rendered their children starving may also be immoral. (In this sense, of course.) 

You can't judge the morality of an individual action based on the global situation, or else you're implementing a system that removes free will from the equation altogether. Nobody is responsible for any action, since there is some other previous action that forced their hand. That's chaos. 

In my view, I place the responsibility of each action at the level of the person choosing to commit it. In that respect, blowing up a bus full of kids is always wrong. 

&gt;Although, I would send them to a psychologist.

Why? By your own line of thought, their actions are what a person would do in their situation. What is the psychologist supposed to help them with? You have already determined that they are rational thinkers!
He actually supports Israel and the Israelis, just in a way that is in the best interests of everyone.
Hi, welcome to the conversation. If you have something insightful to add, please feel free to do so.
It's the sins of our fathers.

Would you kill someone trying to kill your child?  If the answer is yes, then you have nice morals as well.
[deleted]
I don't think this is a case of bad morals as it is a failure to think through a moral stance, really.
I can't respond to that, I have no frame of reference for what you said.

context please.
I understand your viewpoint, I just was probing farther to see the depths of what I would call your immorality. 
It is clear that you think the terrorism against Israel is justified. That the killing of children's is not culpable and that winning at what ever costs against whatever target is acceptable if something bad has happened to you. 

Unfortunately for Israelis, many in Hamas share your viewpoint ... however they support their thoughts with actions.
I don't disagree with you.  Like I said, it's hard for me to explain it.  I don't think it's WRONG but I don't necessarily think it's RIGHT either (in reference to terrorist actions).  Maybe I'm just more fed up with human nature so I no longer care that much.

Help them rationalize their options in the priority they should be?  Murder is always an option, but talking should be first. That's why.
no ... you believe that if someone is trying to kill my child that I can kill their neighbor ... they are unrelated.
Read his back and forth with me ... he's thought it through and believes that even children are fair game because "Children didn't ask for life, so taking it away isn't that wrong."

http://reddit.com/info/6fuvi/comments/c03q6rl
[deleted]
granted, justifiying was/is the wrong word.. 



I say that the ability to stave off large attacks should not make one more forgiving or tolerant of those who want to kill you.


You try to kill 100 of my people every day and since my protection capabilities are vast and you only manage to kill 1, therefore I should talk to you?


My capacity to protect myself should prod me into making life better for you?

where is the outrage that the Palestinian  neighbors are doing squat to help them out of this "worst it has ever been" humanitarian situation?
Israel = South African style Apartheid.

He is the only high profile American who has the balls to say it, and to call a spade a spade.

The rest of the American politicians are scared stiff of AIPAC and the pro-Israel lobby.

The sad joke in all this is that AIPAC and the pro-Israel lobby in the USA is actually in the way of the peace process, and in my view anti-Israel.

I know it sounds weird, but they are pro Likud, far right version of Israel, and against what the majority of normal, Joe Schmoe Israelis want.

Unfortunately, these far right, LIKUD type Zionists have kidnapped both the Israeli government and have an inordinate, frightening amount of influence in American politics...

...to the point of actually shaping and steering USA's foreign policy.
&gt;I don't think it's WRONG but I don't necessarily think it's RIGHT either (in reference to terrorist actions).

Ergo: Terrorism is justified under certain circumstances. 

I disagree. 

&gt;Help them rationalize their options in the priority they should be? Murder is always an option, but talking should be first. That's why.

Huh? Again, a stance that isn't supported by your first stance. Either their actions "aren't wrong" or there is something wrong with them.

Stop being afraid to take a moral stance, regardless of which way it falls. We have enough people like that in society already.
Yeah this nearly got me killed by my really good friend, who is Jewish, for merely implying that members of Hamas are anything above sub-human, and for defending Carter in trying to get something done.

Seriously, there's a big problem here.  People who are otherwise completely educated and reasonable haze over with hatred when Hamas is brought up.  Seriously, in the end I had him defending Begin's bombing of the British hotel, somehow arguing that every single being in that hotel at the time had a hand in murdering Jews, so this was not terrorism.  That is exactly the same argument the radicals used when attacking the WTC: every occupant paid tax that was used to kill Muslims.

Is there a drug to cure such thinking?
There's obviously no point in us continuing to talk about this because as you implied, we're different types of people and we'll never agree.

But just to pick up on your "In my Opinionn, the brits were the terrorists" remark?  You do know that the British had occupied Ireland before Europe occupied American soil?  How can the British be considered terrorists by someone who by the same logic is occupying Native American land for a shorter period of time?
man, you are oblivious...good nick.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lavon_Affair

Israelis kill Americans and Brits in Egypt, and then blame it on Egyptians, to make USA and UK more pro-Israel and anti-Arab.
Method: multiple terrorist bombings.


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King_David_Hotel_bombing

Israelis bomb King David Hotel, killing 91 people (civilians): 28 British, 41 Arab, 17 Jewish, and 5 others.


It always irks me when the American media always goes running around talking about how the Palestinians are terrorists; meanwhile the IDF and IAF bombing civilian buildings is a-ok!
Bush. Legos.
Do you realize that now you've gone from supporting terrorism in certain circumstances to supporting the act of murder in general?

I refuse to believe that your stance is serious, and rather that this is just an area of ethics that you have not fully resolved yet.  

That's fine, not all of us tackle the same subjects at the same time. My suggestion though would be for you to ponder where your justifications for terrorism lead you. You're probably not going to like it much.
oh and:


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lavon_Affair

Israelis kill Americans and Brits in Egypt, and then blame it on Egyptians, to make USA and UK more pro-Israel and anti-Arab. Method: multiple terrorist bombings.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King_David_Hotel_bombing

Israelis bomb King David Hotel, killing 91 people (civilians): 28 British, 41 Arab, 17 Jewish, and 5 others.

It always irks me when the American media always goes running around talking about how the Palestinians are terrorists; meanwhile the IDF and IAF bombing civilian buildings is a-ok!
Not if something bad has happened to you.

I have a rabbit that I adopted from my local shelter.  She's the second rabbit I had adopted form that shelter.   6 months before I got her, I stepped into that shelter and saw her for the first time.  She had been found stray with a broken but already almost completely healed on its own.  The result was a leg pointing a bit too much to the left.  From witness accounts somebody had thrown her out the window of a car.  The experience she had been put through turned her into a very scared rabbit that would launch herself at anyone trying to touch her and attack with her front legs (rabbit nails can be as sharp as a cat's).  After those 6 months went by and noticing that no one else would take care of her I took her in.  I couldn't really afford keeping her, in space and money, but it was obvious nobody else would do it.  She's one of the best "purchases" I have ever made.  She still attacks me almost every time I try to touch her but she's opened up a lot since I took her in.

Babs, that's her name, has two scars, one in her leg and one inside her.  The one in her leg is hidden by her fur but the one inside is there every time I look at her.  I can't help but feeling angry when I think of what happened to her.  However, if I could meet the person(s) who did that to her I wouldn't even yell at them.  I would simply tell them what they did is wrong but thankfully she's now in a much better place.  But, deep down, I wish they would die.

That's why I find their (Hamas) actions wrong but not wrong at the same time.  Because I can see why they'd do such things but at the same time that's never the course of action I would recommend.  You can't blame my rabbit for attacking any hand that comes to close to her after the last time she probably welcomed a hand it was the one that broke her leg.  Sure, she's an animal and not capable of such complex thought as humans are but have you ever been in a situation so harsh that desperation took the best of you?  I don't think it's right but I wouldn't condone.  That's life.  You can't create laws where none should exist.
Note.. you asked for an example.. I gave one that fully stopped further agression and you totally ignored it.. that is typical on redddit.


about the remainder of your comment, in the context of our discussion, occupation and length of time of said occupation have zero to do with terrorism.

Nice try though.


The Brits were the initial terrorists, what they did, what they let happen.
Ok. Let me put it this way.  Their neighbor, willingly and knowingly handed the one trying to kill your child a knife to kill your baby.  Does that make it any better?
I'm not afraid of taking a stance.  It simply isn't a yes or no answer.  But if you want one then it is: yes.  Terrorism is justified.
Assumption is the mother of all fuck ups.

I have reached the end of my resolution.  I do support murder and not terrorism either.  If there were more people like me crime wouldn't be that big a problem as it is now.

I am aware that I would want death for someone doing a terrible wrong to me so I would make sure not to do a terrible wrong to anyone else.  Catch my drift?
um, wow. 

Seriously, I think he's caught in a trap where he doesn't want to call terrorism unethical, but at the same time can't bring himself to condone it. 

I say give him a few years, and he agrees with us completely. :-)
As I said, I follow your viewpoint, but find it deplorable. If your rabbit was killing people, then something needs to be done to stop her because your rabbit is not justified in attacking other people.
You are talking about 1946 and 1954, the "American Media" likes to talk about shit happening um... now?

Don't go shouting ignorance when you bring up shit a half century old attempting to prove a point.


So should we call Germany a terrorists state as well? I am fairly certain we canm dig up some dirt on them from the 40's?  No?  Maybe add Italy to the list? Spain?




But answering you ridiculous statement anyway, I wasn't even born at that time, but I wouldn't call them "terrorists", I would call them criminals.



&gt;&gt;"It always irks me when the American media always goes running around talking about how the Palestinians are terrorists; meanwhile the IDF and IAF bombing civilian buildings is a-ok!"


Really now, you cling to events from the 40's and 50's when you see a report that a Palestinian suicide bomber killed a dozen?


Really?
Did I ever said nothing should be done to stop Hamas?  No, I simply stated I, passively, support their actions to a certain extent (big extent).  I wouldn't prevent, and would even support, you if you wanted to stop them.  I just wouldn't do it myself.
I don't think you get the difference. Your stance is that if you kill my child, I can go and kill your wife. 

To me that is immoral. Killing you however, in my mind is not. (Many - including our law -  will say that it is, though.) Personally, speaking as a father, I would not rest until you were dead.
2 part answer

1. I do not believe the Israeli child had much to do with killing any Palestinian. 
2. Even if it were a voter, I would say the analogy does not fit. A civilian is a civilian and attacking civilians is never justified.
I didn't argue it's immorality.  I simply argued it's "validity".  If you killed my wife I'd grant you a valid point but I would also think it is immoral.  In my case, that would keep me from hurting you even more.  In Israel's case, that just makes them kill more Palestinians.
Unless the US is doing the attacking.
Supporting and justifying their actions specifically says that nothing should be done to stop them. If they are justified then what they are doing is permissible ... you have stated you feel this way.
When did I say that ... I have protested the Iraq war. It makes little difference that it is my government. 
I should also note that by your logic, it would be justified to kill me because I am a citizen of this country
I agree with you that the ability to stave off large attacks should not make one more forgiving or tolerant of those who want to kill you.

What I do say is firstly you need to accept the fact that even though it may have reached the point where people are blinded by hatred and are killing for the sake of killing that the killing must have started for a reason.

Secondly, figure out what the reason is, then **for the sake of peace for you and your children** offer an olive branch to the enemy which involves dialogue about the root cause of the conflict.  This will give all but the most hardcore food for though and most of them will genuinely want peace.

Then use your ability to stave off large attacks and ability to give aid to give the enemy a taste of peace and normality.  They will remain suspicious in the short and medium term and there will be hiccups in the process but in the long term this generosity toward your enemy **will benefit you**.  It will also benefit them but that's a by-product of the process. The ultimate goal that you will achieve is piece for **your** people. It just so happens that the best way to do it is to be nice to you enemy.

In the end it's your selfish desire for peace that will drive you not a want to help your enemy even thought that's what will happen, to your mutual benefit.
I seriously hope people don't just downmod your comment.  It is the use of neighborhoods to wage warfare that bothers me most about Hamas.  That shit should never be tolerated.
No it doesn't.  It is permissible to ME.  Not to our society and certainly, according to our laws, not to our government.  I have to obey the law and I do, thought crime isn't a crime unless it's transformed into actions.  I would follow the law and do so.
[deleted]
In the eyes of the attacker, and to my analysis of why he took that certain course of action, then yes, it would be justified.

To me, explicitly, and my actions and my personal view on whether I would justify my killing of you, no.
Hi, thanks for your welcome, I do have an insightful comment:

Stop fucking around, Israel has murdered 20 times more children than the Palestinians.
I haven't suggested that you are guilty of a crime should be locked up. What I said was that, in your viewpoint, terrorism against israel is justified. As a corollary to this you believe that Hamas' actions are permissible (since a justified response is appropriate). From this, it is clear that you do not believe that anything should be done to stop them.
In the eyes of the insane person, their actions are all justified. This question is of little importance and is off topic. Our conversation, from the beginning, has been about what YOU find justifiable from YOUR perspective.
Permissible in my eyes, my comments were about my own.  I am myself and not above myself.  Above myself is the law.

I do not believe people should be allowed to smoke in public but I don't lobby for a universal ban on smoking in public.

You are looking for a yes or no answer that pleases you but you will not find it.  This isn't a yes or no matter to me.
[deleted]
not even worth a serious reply.
I received my yes or no answer from you ... your viewpoint has been made quite clear.
And so is your dragging of the conversation.  You asked for an answer and I gave you one, the fact that you don't like it doesn't mean you should seek for a better one from the same source.
&gt;&gt;"Secondly, figure out what the reason is, then for the sake of peace for you and your children offer an olive branch to the enemy which involves dialogue about the root cause of the conflict. This will give all but the most hardcore food for though and most of them will genuinely want peace."

easy for someone who hasn't lost family...

Isn't it?


I notice a lot of redditors leave out the part that Palestinians want the elimination of Israel, death to all it's people and a "return" of the land.

So when you say "this generosity toward your enemy will benefit you. " do you mean, benefit as in a total relocation? to a nice sunny beach somewhere else in the world?
Or do you thnk that by offering this branch, that somehow Palestinians will be grateful and say "ah... keep that land, we like what you have given us" 


????

you're being disengenuos.
Then, I'm glad.
"Fighting Crime, With a partner

Lois Lane, Jimmy Carter

woo,woo,woo,woo,woo,woo,woo!"
&gt;In my case, that would keep me from hurting you even more. 

Sorry? Have you read any history at all? The exact opposite happens my friend. In fact, you'll end up trying to kill my wife, then I'll go and try to kill your whole family, to "teach you a lesson". In response you'll kill a bunch of the people I work with, and so on. 

Your stance is not consistent with logic, or observed reality.
The King David Hotel Bombing was not done by the IDF or Israel (because it predates the IDF) and was a british military headquarters. Additionally, many of those killed were not civilians, but were british military. It should tell you something that you need to go back over 60 years to find this terrorist attack.
You have no idea what this conversation is about, do you?
pot meet kettle
Sorry, did you get the part where I am myself and not anyone else?
Regarding the use of Nuclear Weapons.  What about the increased rates of cancer and deformities and general ill health that the Japanese today face as a result of actions that occurred long before they were born?  A case can be made arguing that their use was moral because it was the beginning of the end of the war however I don't consider innocent people suffering today a better solution than talks could have achieved when there is no way you can be 100% sure there would have been more deaths had they not been dropped.

I accept (and agree with) your point about the Brits but, again, I believe talking was the best way to solve the British problem in Ireland regardless of which side you consider to be the terrorist.
You know, that shows who has better morals.  Good job at trying to make yourself seem to have the higher ground when in reality you just like to profile people.
I think there's a huge difference between talking to a Palestinian terrorist organization and talking to a country that is a direct enemy/competitor to the U.S.  Not talking to Iran was/is a HUGE mistake.  It is in everyone's best interest to have that dialog, but it really doesn't help us a ton to have dialog with Hamas.  

"Palestine" will be swallowed up if they don't simmer down and pursue a policy of peaceful protest instead of violence.  The Israeli people, and the world, have little sympathy for a group of people who run around blowing themselves up.  I don't understand how Hamas thinks their policies are helping.
I'm not saying I'm better than you. Please point out where I did.

I'm saying your stance is inconsistent and hypocritical, and it is.

Your morals are your morals, but they should follow consistent reasoning, otherwise I will continue to suggest that they are underdeveloped. 

At any rate, I feel this conversation has gone on much further than was useful. It was nice speaking with you.
&gt; and an iron clad guaranty that no one else would ever be stupid enough to try it again

... and also the undesirable situation where two nations who both have enough fire-power to wipe out most of the world are not on amicable terms and there is a small risk of a nuclear war breaking out between them (very very very small but still unacceptably high considering the consequences)
[deleted]
&gt;&gt;"Regarding the use of Nuclear Weapons. What about the increased rates of cancer and deformities and general ill health that the Japanese today face as a result of actions that occurred long before they were born? "

Tragic as that was (and resulting effects still are), that nation needed an ass kicking right then and there.

Imagine if they had the bomb before the US or Gemany for that matter?  What kind of world would we live in today?

It would make the Mid East conflict look like a face slap competition.
Jimmy Carter for President!
I'll say the same; it was nice talking to you and I see, in my opinion, your morals to be underdeveloped as well.  Have a nice day.
Hamas' policies aren't helping. You have to take the innocent civilians who have no control over Hamas into consideration.  There are plenty of innocent Palestinian civilians.

The Hamas/Israel situation is similar to the IRA/Britan one. In the later case dialogue worked  so why should it not be tried in the former case?
I get off? huh?

This is not a technicality. The fact that the target was a military target is quite important. The fact that was 60 years ago is quite important. 

The king David Hotel bombing is often used as an example of jewish terrorism ... which it was ... I did not dispute that. But the fact that there are rare incidents of terrorism dating back over half a century has no bearing on Hamas' daily terrorist attacks.
[deleted]
&gt; Yeah, can't compare them, Hamas is much better.

Not for lack of trying, of course.
Conveying the effect of sarcasm or irony in writing can be more difficult than when speaking.  Fortunately, there is a convention that is more widely accepted in the U.K. than in the U.S. that I think you will appreciate, namely, the use of an exclamation point or an exclamation point enclosed within parenthesis to indicate the writer's intent of irony or sarcasm.  It seems so much more delicate than actually informing the audience of your intent with the word 'sarcasm', doesn't it?

Satirical media; You made that up, didn't you?
Just the opposite, "Palestine" is not swallowed up because they didn't simmer down. Just think what the alternative would be if they just rolled over. It might be an end to your problem, but not theirs.
Strange, it seems like every time Israel kills a Palestinian some other Palestinians birth a child or two to replace the dead one.  Their population is going *up*, but they're being killed so much.  How does this happen?
&gt;that nation needed an ass kicking right then and there

I'm not arguing with that. I'm just asking you acknowledge that Nuclear Weapons aren't an ideal solution and I'll accept that in this case talking wasn't a real option. Japan did need to be defeated.  This is an exception to the rule (one of many I'll be the first to admit) but it I still argue that in the majority of cases dialogue is the best option.

Pandoras box is open now regarding Nuclear Weapons. They cant be undiscovered which makes dialogue between nations all the more important now to be sure they are not used.  Other wise there eventually will be I time when some leader says "Fuck this, I don't care if 10 million of us die as long as I kill 10 million of them while I'm at it.
No... I'm pretty sure that "numbers" are quite different than "words."
yes, let's give Hamas precision guided rockets so they can avoid hitting innocent babies.
Sadly, no such drug.

I once mentioned to my lawyer that I felt badly about the suffering of the Palestinians.  He fucking fired me. Some Jewish people can be funny like that, I learned.
You lie.
[deleted]
Yeah, what did I say which is a lie?
Did you ever happen to read anything about the time he was President? Total failure. Made Bush look like a real world leader. Sometimes when everyone hates someone, it's because they suck.
If Carter would actually use words like motherfucker and cocksucker in interviews with the press and stuff, then I would support making him God-Emperor.  But he's always trying to be polite and stuff.
To a certain extent it shows that the entire conflict started with terrorism from the people who went on to lead Israel. It also shows that terrorism can bring about the change the terrorists want.
&gt;Seriously, there's a big problem here. People who are otherwise completely educated and reasonable haze over with hatred when Hamas is brought up.

Of course they are human, I don't tend to hold hate for non/sub humans. But people dedicated to destroying another country and imposing a horrible system are pretty bad. When they try to implement this by targeting civilians then they are very bad. 

&gt;Seriously, in the end I had him defending Begin's bombing of the British hotel,

How about bombing the HQ of the British occupation army? The British army that was actively engaged in putting refugees from death camps into British concentration camps. The British Army that was training the Jordanian Army while denying the Jews weapons. Calling it a hotel and talking about "all" of the people is rather deceptive. BTW, Hamas, the group in question, thinks that killing any occupier is a good thing, even if the occupier is a six month old baby. Are you saying that Hamas is wrong?
En mass? 2,500 in Gaza in 7 years, most of them active militants? If that is bloodthirsty then what is your country?
I've tried using sarcasm without actually making the notation before, sadly it usually is taken seriously and babies weep.
&gt; To a certain extent it shows that the entire conflict started with terrorism from the people who went on to lead Israel.

How is this the beginning of the entire conflict? It was an attack aimed at Britian, not Palestinians. It happened prior to the '48 war and the '48 war had nothing to do with the king david bombing. Where is there any association? 

&gt; It also shows that terrorism can bring about the change the terrorists want.

This is similarly untrue. No change was brought by this act.

I am not sure I follow any of your points.
Well, that is exactly what these IDF soldiers admit is the case, that their job is to commit systemic war crimes against Palestinians, without any provocation.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37MFa7ZKQWo&amp;feature=related
So, do you talk when the terrorist organization controls the government?  They aren't technically a country, but they seem to be functioning as the government of the gaza strip, at least as much as anyone else is.  

*grammer
True. Ariel Sharon commissioned polls of the Israeli public. The public was *more* willing to contemplate a two state solution when the Palestinians used violence than when there was calm. Basically, if there is no threat, the public is content with the status quo of the occupation.
You have to understand that Hamas' rise to power was a result of being in opposition to the PLO.  It often criticized the PLO for negotiating peace treaties, and maintains a hard-line religiously inspired message of destruction.

That being said, they've gained an actual political, parliamentary majority because of frustration of the Palestinians.  If Hamas fails to make concessions in Palestine, which is traditionally secular and fairly liberal, it's going to find itself right back on the street.

In order for Hamas maintain itself as a governing force, it's going to have to moderate itself.  Thus, I believe Jimmy Carter is doing the peace process a favor, that most politicians want to avoid due to the massive fundraising of groups like AIPAC.
These IDF soldiers explain in plain English what they are fighting against, with the help of people like Jimmy Carter.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37MFa7ZKQWo&amp;feature=related
You're an idiot, shill.
I see the LAVON AFFAIR, in which AMERICAN targets were bombed in 1954, by ISRAELI government operatives, in Egypt is glibly ignored.

The whole LAVON AFFAIR bombing was supposed to be pinned on Arabs, and make USA and UK more pro-Israel and anti Arab.

Again, for old times sake:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lavon_Affair
The way the electorate is structured, with coalitions, makes it almost impossible.  Right now Olmert would sit down with Hamas, but if he did so the tiny religious extremist Shas party would leave his coalition, and the government would fall.

The tail is wagging the dog, and the tail wants religious war.
You showed me.

My point still stands, he is a former president of the united states, so saying israelis like him does not have anything to do with the fact that he is one of the most disliked presidents in recent history, next to the current anyways.  So i may be a shill, but you're a tool.
your name is very fitting....
&gt; BTW, Hamas, the group in question, thinks that killing any occupier is a good thing, even if the occupier is a six month old baby. Are you saying that Hamas is wrong?

Ahem.  1) Do not ascribe such a view to an entire group of people, please.  2) People will fight with whatever tactics they believe will further their cause.  Obviously I don't support all the tactics, but that matters none.  I support no tactic that kills people in general.

Supporting a dialogue with Hamas does *not* equal supporting the killing of babies, no matter how badly you want to twist things.

Check [here](http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0131/p09s02-coop.html) for a great article written shortly after the  political wing (not the [militant](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Izz_ad-Din_al-Qassam_Brigades) wing) won the elections.  It points out that Hamas refrained over a 10-month period despite numerous Israeli attacks on them, and how "such a peace agreement may be easier, ... because Hamas, unlike the Fatah movement ...  is a single, disciplined, national organization."
I didn't say Israelis liked him, I said he's doing something the Israelis want done, shill.
Im sorry kiddo, but you must not know wtf the topic was.  Go back and read please.
Apparently you've written what I was going to say next, about you.  You do have a skill.
&gt; I'll give you two mr. smartypants:
&gt;    1. Nagasaki
&gt;    2. Hiroshima

I'm amazed that this idiot can support killing 200,000 to attain a political goal, yet sputters and gasps in *moral indignation* when Hamas kills dozens.

Obviously either a teenager, or part of the irrational Fox Fringe.
First, I don't see how this responds to anything I said, but your point is still quite weak. For you to have any argument you rely on two incidents which occurred over 50 years ago. No civilians were killed in the Lavon Affair. 

Your point is just ridiculous. You stated: 
&gt;It always irks me when the American media always goes running around talking about how the Palestinians are terrorists; meanwhile the IDF and IAF bombing civilian buildings is a-ok!

So Israel has been involved in no terrorist attacks where innocent civilians were killed, yet this has some bearing on Hamas' terrorism?
Nixon and Regan were both well-known as commie-haters, *that* is why their use of diplomatic channels was such a coup.  E.g., "Crap, if even *Nixon* wants to get talking, maybe we should rethink our current strategies."

Jimmy Carter has a polar opposite image; his work will *not* have the same impact.  E.g., "Huh?  Carter's talking to them?  Yeah, but he talks to everybody.  Whatever."

Which is not to say I don't sympathize with the Palestinians (to a degree), or that I think Carter is a bad person for trying.  I'm just saying the comparison isn't appropriate at all.
Right.
No, you're wrong.  I am right.
Ok George, im sure history will be kind to you.
Zyklon B
I'm not against Carter going to Palestine, but I don't understand how you can give the same significance to a president over 25 years out of office.

And that's not even getting into the whole "FDR. STALIN. EISENHOWER. KHRUSHCHEV. KENNEDY. KHRUSHCHEV. NIXON. BREZHNEV." counterargument.
yeah that is one problem with having lots of third partys is that you have to make deals with small fringe partys to be able to form a government. not to say that doesnt happen even in the US with the two partys and having to pander to certain fringe areas of the party to get elected.
Thanks Nimrod, history already sees you're a Zionist.
Riiiiiight.
&gt;How is this the beginning of the entire conflict? It was an attack aimed at Britian, not Palestinians.

The conflict began with Israel asserting independence. This bombing was perpetrated by a group who would later go on to be part of the Israeli government. The bombing was against Britain because they had control over what was Israel, but the group, Irgun, was against both the British and Arabs at the time.

&gt;This is similarly untrue. No change was brought by this act.

Not directly. But Israel is there now, and Britain's did bow to the actions of Irgun on many occasions. But you're right, nothing was directly changed as a result of this attack.
The main issue for me is that Hamas' bargaining chip is violence.

Its like me coming to your house and punching your children in the face, then saying if you let me move in I will stop punching your children in the face. (Keep in mind that I score pretty high on [the relevant test](http://www.howmanyfiveyearoldscouldyoutakeinafight.com/).) Meanwhile your neighbors look on and say you should bargain with me so the punching will stop.  Then your friendly old neighbor comes over self-appointing himself as the broker of the peace to ask me what it will take to get me to stop punching your children in the face, then going to you and asking what you would be willing to give up in trade for me to stop punching your children in the face while you are thinking to yourself "Shouldn't he not be punching my children in the face in the first place?"

To be fair the house had been yours, but went through a couple of changes of ownership and ended up in my hands for a long time.  Sometime after this I chose the wrong side of a neighborhood dispute and a couple of powerful and pushy neighbors promised you a piece of my house if you would help them and their friends against me and my friends (what did I ever see in those Germans?).  The promise your pushy friends made was not kept, but you started to move in anyway.  One of your pushy friends moved in and tried to keep order in the house.  It turns out I was living in the house but my rich uncle owned it and he liked your money so he started selling parts of the house to you.  You started beating up the pushy neighbor who was trying to keep order, and finally that neighbor gave up and said fine, we will turn the house into a duplex.  Some of my friends didn't like that and decided to try to evict you.  I got out of the way, in part because I thought I could just come back after my friends were done with you, and partly because I was told by you that you couldn't guarantee my safety and I better get out of the way while I could.  Things didn't go the way I expected them to, and you ended up in control of the whole house.  Somewhere between then and now I decided to start punching your children in the face and you have punched me and (inadvertently? indiscriminately?) my children in the face in return.

/rant
so you are saying any people whose citizens [target civilians](http://www.latimes.com/news/opinion/la-oe-esposito2apr02,0,6118014.story) should be denied civil discourse?
&gt; The conflict began with Israel asserting independence. This bombing was perpetrated by a group who would later go on to be part of the Israeli government. The bombing was against Britain because they had control over what was Israel, but the group, Irgun, was against both the British and Arabs at the time.

ok, so what? It has nothing to do with the Palestinian situation. It has nothing to do with claims over Hamas being terrorist and it has nothing to do with the situation directly or indirectly.
Obama won't even meet with Hamas. Despite him saying he wants to talk to our friends and our enemy and anyone in between.
Irgun was fighting for a state of Israel in Palestine, and Hamas is fighting for a state of Palestine in Israel. They use the same tactics in their fight, and both are/were intertwined with the government.

I'm not saying Hamas is a response to Irgun, I'm saying that Irgun can legitimize Hamas considering the leadership went on to lead Israel.
Unless you figure an apartheid state as de facto terrorism.

Or keeping the whole civilian population in Gaza in an economic blockade, to keep medicines, foodstuffs, clean water, terrorism.

Or the very recent terror bombing campaign in Lebanon, where the IAF flattered whole residential city blocks, hospitals, bridges, clean water generators - you could classify it as state terrorism.

Want me to go on?
It is nice to see that you admit defeat on the previous issue you raised. 

&gt; Unless you figure an apartheid state as de facto terrorism.

If it was an apartheid state it would not be terrorism and it is not an apartheid state. Hamas' actions of terrorism have given Israel the need to protect themselves. 

Your list is quite ridiculous. 
As far as the conditions in Gaza are concerned. None of them are terrorism and many of them are caused by Hamas, not Israel. It is Hamas, not Israel, that digs up pipes to use for rockets and launchers. It is Hamas, not Israel, that attacks on a daily basis. 

On Lebanon: 
The war was not started by Israel and the rockets into the city were a reaction to rockets fired from those buildings. video evidence [here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQkAT_RvBG8). 

Acts occurring during a war are not terrorism.
One action of the Irgun in the 40s has no bearing on Hamas. It was never used as reasoning by Hamas. 
Most importantly, the attack was on a military target. Hamas attacks purely civilian targets. This argument (made by the original poster) is a stretch to justify terrorism against Israel and is weak.
Worse... see the Iraqi death toll. 

Btw, you're completely discounting the Occupation as a factor of those deaths. A militant is not a terrorist, anymore than a homeowner acting in defense of their property is a criminal. So all of those people you're counting as dead, are the innocent dead.
For some reason I find your comment morally repugnant, as if you consider the Palestinians to be less than human or something.
"It is nice to see that you admit defeat on the previous issue you raised."
Where what huh?!?!?
Talk out of your ass much?
;-)

"Acts occurring during a war are not terrorism."

You basically have just said that the holocaust, the shoah, is not a war crime - after all, it occurred during war time and was justified by the nazis as "necessary" to win the war (in their twisted ideology, it did).

Neither is Luftwaffe bombing of purely civilian targets to terrorize populations of target countries to surrender/break their will (Warsaw, Rotterdam, Beirut...).
Hamas is neither China nor Soviet Union.
Sorry buddy, you have three names and a country there. China is the only word you have up there. ;)
Aung San Suu Kyi travels now?
Your analogy sucks.  Both sides use violence.  One side happens to be a recognized state (which doesn't meet several requisites for such recognition, btw).  Why is one side's violence justified and the other is not?  I'll tell you why: Terror is the poor man's war, war is the rich man's terror.  Ultimately, all wars will end either in annihiliation or at the negotiating table.
&gt; The main issue for me is that Hamas' bargaining chip is violence.

Really? So I guess the Israeli military occupation has passed you by. The fact is that they don't have much choice.

&gt; Its like me coming to your house and punching your children in the face, then saying if you let me move in I will stop punching your children in the face.

That is the Israeli position. Hamas have had that, and now they are doing the same - though you are a trained heavyweight boxer, and they are just some guy who has done some weights. Just the other day their cousins  punched out a couple of your cousins, and because of that you destroyed their uncle's house.

No, this analogy isn't working. Let's talk about the real word shall we?
A name isn't a word? I figured names fell under the Umbrella of "WORDS"?
Hamas tried a ceasefire, and it didn't result in a decrease in Israeli violence towards the Palestinians. Israel wants the West Bank and Jerusalem and wants to push the Arabs living there "into the sea".
pa42 - you are a dense mo fo aren't you?

it was patiently explained to you, even through  your willful ignorance, you must SEE how 

ISRAELI TERRORISTS began the nation of Israel with terrorism - ethnic cleansing, terrorist bombing campaign, and then THE ISRAELI TERRORISTS... BECAME PRIME MINISTERS AND CABINET MEMBERS of the state of Israel.

The Hamas people use terrorist actions, JUST LIKE THE STATE OF ISRAEL HAS DONE, to further the SAME CAUSE AS ISRAEL, namely a nation of their own.
...compared to brainwashing your children to strap bombs to themselves in order to blow up... anybody at all... over land disputes.

  i will go so far as to say that those things reach at least 'okay status' on any scale you compare them with against child-bombs.

(right) versus (wrong) = (any side) versus (the side that uses and justifies child-bombs)
You can be fired for that?
Because the UK didn't have a "God ordained" right to Northern Ireland, and only had a few lunatics with no support in the mainland of the UK who thought that was the case. 

Whereas Israel is held to ransom by the lunatic settlers who's only answer to the question of "why are you here?" is "God promised this to us".
&gt; The British Army that was training the Jordanian Army while denying the Jews weapons.

Erm, do you not know anything about the "Night Squads"?
So - you support terrorism against a foreign occupying military force?

RETARD.
So, what exactly are you saying? Sure, the USSR falling apart was great for the U.S.A, but it seriously fucked over the local people. I think Gorbachev is a horrible example.
Don't argue with pa42, he is a well known troll and retard.
What about the 300 people who have died in Southern Lebanon as a result of the cluster bombs dropped by Israel at the end of the Israel-Lebanon war? Those munitions are just roadside bombs. It is terrorism isn't it?
Palestine has exercised *primarily* peaceful protests since the ethnic cleansings of the 1940s. 

None of it has acheived anything and (as you have demonstrated), most people simply ignore them. The world has little sympathy for the Palestinian people **period**. You've clearly done very little to educate yourself on the situation, but you certainly feel entitled to point some fingers.
The leadership of China and the USSR were at least rational individuals - talking with them could achieve a lot.  On the other hand, talking to religious extremists - Muslim, Jewish or Christain - will get you nowhere.
First, it is spelt "en masse".

Secondly:

&gt; 2,500 in Gaza in 7 years, most of them active militants? 

So you are saying that people are not allowed to engage in resistance to occupation?
Are you really saying that culling people is okay as long as their population increases?
So I take it that you are completely against the killing of 300 innocent people by the cluster bombs that Israel fired at S Lebanon toawards the end of the conflict was completely wrong?
Don't respond to pa42, he is a well known troll and a retard.
Fuck off retard.
&gt;So you are saying that people are not allowed to engage in resistance to occupation?

Israel does not occupy Gaza. I am, though, saying that Israel also has a right of self-defense. And if the Hamas fires rockets at Israeli civilians Israel has a right to stop them.
&gt;A militant is not a terrorist, anymore than a homeowner acting in defense of their property is a criminal. 

What about a militant firing a rocket at civilians? What about a militant making a bomb vest to blow up a market? 

&gt;So all of those people you're counting as dead, are the innocent dead.

IOW a good Jew is a dead Jew.

Edit: to make that last point clear, I don't see those actively engaged in trying to kill civilians innocent. If you do then there is something else going on.
&gt;1) Do not ascribe such a view to an entire group of people, please. 

Hamas is a political organization. I think that I am allowed to ascribe to such an organization things in its charter and such. 

&gt;2) People will fight with whatever tactics they believe will further their cause.

So what are Israelis? Not people? Or is it OK for them to also take actions to further their cause?

&gt;I support no tactic that kills people in general.

Do you support the use of deadly force to stop murder? Do you support the existence of any army? Do you propose unilateral disarmament for everyone or only for Israel.

&gt;Supporting a dialogue with Hamas does not equal supporting the killing of babies, no matter how badly you want to twist things.

I like how you twisted my words there. Please show how I did what you claimed.

&gt;the political wing (not the militant wing) 

Try again: milit**ary** wing: it is one organization with one charter. The political side is not less militant, it engages in different activities.

So the CS Monitor had an editorial. I fail to see your point.
Wingate was a great man, but he was also not in sync with his superiors. The vast bulk of the British forces, particularly in the 40's, went towards supporting the Arabs and building up Jordan. Wingate was an outlier in almost everything he did.
Uh...

+ Torrijos-Carter Treaties-signed in 1977
+ Camp David Accords- signed in 1978
+ SALT II- signed in 1979

Also, the failure of Operation Eagle Claw is quite different from "waiting and hoping it all blows over." *That's* the picture painted by the major media outlets after Reagan was sworn in.

Are you a fan of talk radio, by chance?
Correct.
No. The Palestinians kill innocent people on purpose. The Israelis kill the terrorists on purpose. The Palestinians respond by killing more innocent people on purpose. And so on. 

It is scary that you can't tell the difference and engage in moral equivalence.
Honestly, do yourself a favor and crack open a history book.

He had a decent presidency and accomplished some nice goals in the realm of diplomacy. But, stagflation and the failure of Operation Eagle Claw in Iran overshadowed what progress had been made. 

The average American was unsatisfied with the inflation, stagnant economy, and high petroleum prices. This combined with the failure to defuse the hostage crisis provoked a sharp downturn in public opinion. Granted, this wasn't helped by the "malaise" speech.

And I'm sorry, but it's been a long time since we've had a President whose administration has foundered on every issue.
Names =/= words (at least in the King's English).


Though you could be called by a word, eg - "Apple", if your parents were/are fucking stupid. Where is the French government when we need to limit what a persons name is..
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ah, so when the IDF kills innocent people it's just an accident?  Collateral damage?  Who's engaging in moral equivalence here?
lol he kept things civil.
No, you are a lying paid shill, and the occupation was and is very much real.  

Unless reporting for decades, the UN, and all scholarly analysis is all wrong, that is.
Wow, I can't believe nobody wants to try and reason with the leaders of genocidal death cult who use their own children as weapons.
&gt;So I guess the Israeli military occupation has passed you by. The fact is that they don't have much choice.

Tell that to Ghandi.

&gt;though you are a trained heavyweight boxer, and they are just some guy who has done some weights.

Asymmetric power justifies murder?  If the IDF is the "trained heavyweight" and Hamas is "just some guy who has done some weights"  what does that make the innocent people Hamas targets?  The ring girl?
Not really.  I just don't consider cullings to be killing "en masse".  "En masse", in my eyes, requires that the population actually goes down.
[Elders](http://www.theelders.org/elders/)
It's more like I'm in my house and you came in with all your family and your big scary dog, and from time to time, when I can get out of the attic, I punch anyone I can get my hand into, before the dog bite me once more.
You really believe what you are saying? it's not even funny
I doubt that the killing ratio is 1:1
[deleted]
&gt;I punch anyone I can get my hand into

Thats what I have a problem with.  Punch the dog, punch the people keeping you in the attic, don't punch the kids and the puppies just because they are easier targets.

Targeting civilians is as cowardly as it is evil.
Through the Astral Plane...
Agreed, but we didn't go to Britain to negotiate with the IRA (did we?).
Trudeau went to China before Nixon... Just sayin'.
No... I just know several people (including my father) who were forced to sit and wait for the Iranians while Carter couldn't make a decision.  Prove to me that he did ANYTHING in Eagle Claw...  Ross Perot was a civilian and he did more during that time period!

______

By the way I'm not sure how all your treaties prove your point:

Torrijos-Carter Treaties = Giving Panama Canal to Panama.

Camp David Accords = This allowed two passively aggressive enemies and made them tolerate each other.  And it provided Egypt with 1.3 billion US dollars to modernize it's military (good idea?).

Salt II = This was done by Ford, Carter just signed it.
You're right in saying most of the decisions weren't made by Carter. Delta Force advised him to abort and he complied. Perhaps not the best decision in hindsight granted. Also, Ross Perot barely did more. He and his guys let revolutionaries do the work for them.

It's hard to call them passively aggressive when Sadat led the Yom Kippur War and Begin bombed for the Irgun. As for Egypt's military, in hindsight, it doesn't seem too bad a decision. The Mubarak government has been relatively civil. Of course, should Islamists gain power, I imagine things would go south.

As far as I know Ford was involved in SALT I, *not* SALT II.
Yeah, Ross Perot didn't free the people himself, but he WAS in Iran and did barely escape.  He also funded and guided a team led by retired U.S. Army Special Forces Colonel Arthur D. ('Bull') Simons to rescue them...  That's all we could have expected Carter to do.  Just send in a rescue team.

I agree with you about the Camp David Accords.  They were not a waste of time.  Risky, but they worked.

By the way, Nixon was SALT I.  Ford, then Carter were SALT II.
Gotcha. Hurr, you're right about SALT. Not sure what I was on about.
Now I know.  Thanks.
Hey, thanks for the debate!  It's pretty rare to find someone willing to have a civilized debate anymore...  Especially online!
Israel has killed a lot more innocent people than Hamas in the last few years. I guess that is just the roid rage though.
&gt; Israeli military occupation is a myth fabricated by propaganda spread by Palestinians that hold a certain ideology. 

You really are stupid aren't you?
&gt; Wingate was a great man

Your partiality is beginning to show...
Do you have a cite for your claim that most of the 2500 killed in Gaza were active militants?
[deleted]
I don't think it matters where the negotiations are held.

In the Britain/IRA case I cant be sure where the negotiations were mostly held. There were public and secret negotiations held in both London and Belfast.

If it's Carter being there you are referring to.  He's not there in his capacity as a former US President, he's there in his capacity as a skilled negotiator.  There is nothing wrong with an external mediator.  They are often necessary.
Nixon should have never gone to China.
Depends on if those civilians are settlers or actively supporting a military operation. Just because they're civilians doesn't make them innocent. However, the Palestinians on the receiving end of those missile and rockets (who you so completely discounted) are the innocents as they are the ones being killed daily by the illegally occupying Israeli forces. Remember, Hamas didn't even exist until the 1980's, but then the Palestinians had already been Occupied for 30 years.

And that little comment about a good Jew being a dead Jew is extremely offensive, and goes to show that your only argument is to attempt to use the petty "oh you're just antisemitic" attack as opposed to actually viewing the situation in the correct context.

That correct context would be, it's the Israeli how are the thieves in the Palestinians house. As the Israeli and the Palestinians are the genetically the same people (minus the Euro/Western settlers who have no claim to anything), so neither people can lay total claim to the area, its always been shared.
History book not needed. I lived through it. I stand by my previous statement.
&gt; Where what huh

Changing the argument clearly admitted you couldn't argue any further. 

&gt; You basically have just said that the holocaust, the shoah, is not a war crime

no I said it wasn't terrorism, which it wasn't, it was attempted genocide
I like how two incidents define all of Israel in your mind, but thousands of incidents by palestinians (a small minority) have no effect on them. 

The state of Israel never used terrorist actions .. you need to predate ISrael to find one and you are so desperate to denigrate the only jewish state that you believe that this defines the whole conflict. Your arguments are particularly weak and only make sense if you start with the assumption that Israel is bad.
You don't understand what terrorism means.
nice strawman.
"The state of Israel never used terrorist actions"

Ahem cough cough LAVON AFFAIR LAVON AFFAIR LAVON AFFAIR.

"Start with the assumption that Israel is bad."
Absolutely.  War criminals.  Used and uses terrorism to further their political goals.  Country began by immigrants ethnically cleansing a territory, by massacres, rapes and evictions at gunpoint.

Now, that is Israel.  In my opinion, the PLO and Hamas are EXACTLY the same - war criminals (targeting civilians), who used and use terrorism to further their political goals.


I am only trying to say, that, despite what the Israel apologists try to say (when they chagne history and lie about Israel), Israel is not exactly a victim here, or an angelic, holy country.

Israel is scum, exactly like Hamas and PLO is.

There are no good guys in this conflict, despite the intense propaganda on American TV.
Hmmmm

I think my arguments are going way over your head there, kiddo.
As we discussed earlier, no one was killed, it does not appear that they were trying to kill anyone based on the timing. This was failed espionage, not close to terrorism. 

&gt; "Start with the assumption that Israel is bad." Absolutely. 

Proved my point ... we are done here. You never looked at the facts and determined who was right and wrong. You admittingly assumed Israel was wrong and fit the facts to that. Have a nice day. 

Edit: I felt I needed to correct you any how. Israel did not begin with: 
&gt; ethnically cleansing a territory, by massacres, rapes and evictions at gunpoint.

You've been reading too much proaganda. Abbas and other relatively moderate Palestinians don't even claim as such. He said in 1976
&gt; The Arab armies entered Palestine to protect the Palestinians from the Zionist tyranny, but instead they abandoned them, forced them to emigrate and to leave their homeland, imposed upon them a political and ideological blockade and threw them into prisons similar to the ghettos in which the Jews used to live in Eastern Europe.

Your problem is you look to find fault in Israel to relieve the Arab world of a situation they caused.
we were arguing about the LAvon affair, you were unable to comment on my point so changed to talk in rhetoric about an apartheid state. Your clear change in points was an implicit admission that you were wrong on the issue. None of your arguments are over my head, you admittingly assume Israel is wrong as a starting point ... you explicitly admitted this.
Not entirely true. If you look at the number of noncombatants killed, percentage of combatants killed against the percentage of noncombatants is about equal. The difference is, contrary to what redditors seem to believe, is that Israel goes out of its way not to attack civilians. But civilian casualties are inevitable when your enemy fires rockets from areas right by schools and quarters themselves in civilian homes.
It's inconvenient for some of these people to acknowledge that if Israel practiced symmetrical warfare, they would be firing ballistic missiles into populated areas and strapping suicide vests onto 17 year old girls.  Instead, Israel orders surgical strikes that inevitably result in civilian casualties, because the enemy hides out in civilian areas. 

I suppose that the occupied rising up against the occupier is enough to make people take sides, but to actually examine the situation fairly is beyond them.
He's saying that it's not genocide if the population is increasing.
No one is saying that Israel is handling the situation perfectly but Israel's actions leading to civilian deaths do not excuse Hamas' actions leading to civilian deaths.

That Hamas *TARGETS* civilians is a fact that [Hamas has acknowledged](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas#Suicide_attacks).  

My point is that no government should have to give up anything to any entity to get that entity to stop targeting civilians.
Yes, I think that it is a good thing that Israel exists and that the Jews have found a way to defend themselves. I was not trying to hide that in any way. BTW, Wingate was rather amazing as a military innovator. His long range force in Burma, the “Chindits" was amazing.
Hence his nickname, "The Butcher of Burma".
I see you fail to answer the question in any substantive manner, as usual.
look at what you responded to, your comment had no bearing and you have the audacity to accuse me of failing to answer a question. 

Retard.
&gt;Depends on if those civilians are settlers or actively supporting a military operation.

Not to Hamas it does not. Their weapons are not accurate enough to target to anyone specific. Instead they just hit the Israeli cities they can reach.

&gt;Just because they're civilians doesn't make them innocent.

Unless they are Palestinians, right? In which case they are all innocent. At least that is what I am told here over and over. 

&gt;However, the Palestinians on the receiving end of those missile and rockets (who you so completely discounted) are the innocents as they are the ones being killed daily by the illegally occupying Israeli forces.

&gt;And that little comment about a good Jew being a dead Jew is extremely offensive,

It was meant to be. I was told that the dead Palestinians, including those who are engaged at the time in killing Israelis, are all innocent. But somehow you are willing to judge which Israeli civilians it is OK to kill. You support killing Jews and think that it is wrong for them to fight back. Call it what you want, that is the claim you have made.
Don't you have work to do? Or is school out this week?
huh?
Oh, still able to send immediate responses in the middle of the working day on a weekday. So either you are a schoolkid on the week off, or you are unemployable. I assume the latter, though the quality of your arguments - when you bother trying to make one, rather than just falling back on invective - does make it rather hard to tell.
You might be my favorite person to argue with ... always making stupid assumptions and thinking you are clever.
I love arguing with you. mainly because I imagine you sat in your mom's basement in your underwear, pushing back your thick glasses with your massive fingers.
What did you do? look around the room, write down what you saw and assume I'm as pathetic as you?
I was waiting for your "witty" comeback. It was worse than I expected, to be honest - and as I have a *very* low opinion of you, that is saying something.
Oh no, what am I going to do? You have a low opinion of me. I guess I'll go to the dusty corner of my parents basement and cry.
"you admittingly assume Israel is wrong as a starting point ... you explicitly admitted this."

:-)

I did no such thing.

I look at both sides' actions and politics and religious stands and see that they are BOTH scum - Israel and Hamas.
1.  Nagasaki and Hiroshima were the direct result of the need to stop a war and eliminate the threat that they would develop and use one on us.
saying "attain a political goal"
is what pussies say when they can't admit that America didn't start that one.


2.  I don't gasp in moral indignation when "Hamas kills dozens". I get annoyed when people suggest Israel should forgive and forget.


3.  I am very consistant.
someone fucks with you and kills your peole, you strike back, you don;'t talk.


4.  I didn't explicitly take a side.
If I felt that the Palestinians were being terrorized I would support them eliminating Israel.  But it just so happens I feel the opposite.


5.  is that all you guys know how to do? Lable someone "Fox" this or that?


Seriously...
nice trolling
&gt;&gt;" I'm just asking you acknowledge that Nuclear Weapons aren't an ideal solution"

OF COURSE they are not a solution, Ideal or otherwise.

That was NOT what you were "asking". When did you ask me that in any way shape or form?


only an idiot would say otherwise. Nuclear Weapons should all be destroyed right the fuck NOW.
In your own words:

&gt; "Start with the assumption that Israel is bad." Absolutely.
http://reddit.com/info/6fuvi/comments/c03qgzc
Why is everything you say a lie, and why does everything you say sound like regurgitated pro-Israel propaganda?

Please take a look at an article spotlighting Benny Morris, an Israeli historian:

http://www.counterpunch.org/shavit01162004.html

"Benny Morris is the dean of Israeli 'new historians', who have done so much to create a critical vision of Zionism--its expulsion and continuing oppression of the Palestinians, its pressing need for moral and political atonement. His 1987 book, The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem, chronicled the Zionist murders, terrorism, and ethnic cleansing that drove 600,000-750,000 Palestinians from their homes in 1948, thus refuting the myth that they fled under the orders of Arab leaders. A second edition of this book is due out this month, chronicling even more massacres, and a previously unsuspected number of rapes and murders of Palestinian women. Thus Morris continues to provide crucial documentation for Palestinians fighting the heritage of Al-Nakba, "The Catastrophe.""

I am really sick of the pathetic argument when the pro Israel zealots spew their talking points, which in the final analysis boil down to: Israel good, Arabs bad.

The country of Israel was born by ethnic cleansing, by forcing the Arabs (and some Christians) to leave their land, by threat of, or actual murder, massacre, rape.

I realize that you will CHOOSE to disregard an eminent historian, and authority on Israeli history, Professor Benny Morris, and still believe in your fairy tale story of "Israel saintly, Arabs demons".

I wonder how you can even make a counter argument to this HISTORICAL TRUTH?
woot flame war.

From this link I said:
""Start with the assumption that Israel is bad." Absolutely. War criminals. Used and uses terrorism to further their political goals. Country began by immigrants ethnically cleansing a territory, by massacres, rapes and evictions at gunpoint.

Now, that is Israel. In my opinion, the PLO and Hamas are EXACTLY the same - war criminals (targeting civilians), who used and use terrorism to further their political goals."

Catch my drift?
Both sides are war criminals and use terrorism in this conflict.
this is the biggest pot calling kettle black I have EVER seen.
I read it ... but you admit that when you here something about Israel you assume that they are bad before you hear the entire story.
"HEAR" entire story, not "here".

Listen, bub, I read a lot of history books, and did my own research.

I know the entire story, or at least as much as one can get by reading books about it from eminent historians.


I have come to the conclusion that:
Hamas is bad news - they are terrorist scum.
Israel is bad news - they are terrorist scum, except they have an apartheid system in place, a la 1960's American South.


Regards.
My analysis does not boil down to "Israel good, Arabs bad." I just hold the Arabs responsible for their part in this. I am well aware of Benny Morris and his writings, but this ignores that Arabs did the same thing to Jews in Arab lands at the same exact time and throughout history. How about that "HISTORICAL TRUTH." 
The fact that an Israeli historian has a differing belief is a testament to the Israeli and jewish cultures. In the Arab world they would be killed or at least consistently threatened. 

I responded to the "ethnic cleansing" and "forcing Arabs to leave" argument above by quoting a notable Palestinian politician and you can't even argue another way. Even you must admit that it is extremely probative that the population of Jews in Arab countries is next to nothing (when Jews lived on these lands for thousands of years), yet the Israeli Arab population flourishes and has equal rights. 

I'll give you another quote by a prominent Palestinian leader, Zuheir Mohsen:

&gt; The Palestinian people does not exist. The creation of a Palestinian state is only a means for continuing our struggle against the state of Israel for our Arab unity. In reality today there is no difference between Jordanians, Palestinians, Syrians and Lebanese. Only for political and tactical reasons do we speak today about the existence of a Palestinian people, since Arab national interests demand that we posit the existence of a distinct "Palestinian people" to oppose Zionism. For tactical reasons, Jordan, which is a sovereign state with defined borders, cannot raise claims to Haifa and Jaffa, while as a Palestinian, I can undoubtedly demand Haifa, Jaffa, Beer-Sheva and Jerusalem. However, the moment we reclaim our right to all of Palestine, we will not wait even a minute to unite Palestine and Jordan.

James Dorsey, Wij zijn alleen Palestijn om politieke reden, Trouw, 31 March 1977


As a final point. The reason why the pro-Israel crowd argues how we do is that our historical context goes well beyond 1948. Jews have always been second class citizens under Arab rule and many arab leaders and radicals have claimed that they will stop at nothing to stop the jewish state. Since the creation of Israel the Arab world has waged wars ('48, '67 and '73) and has had countless attacks on Israel. Meanwhile you cite 2 incidents and call Israel evil. You syate that Israel is the one trying to ethnically cleanse the land, while the arab world has successfully done this.
do you have a problem with the arab worlds treatment of jews, or is it only a problem when it is a jewish state. Don't forget that the "arab world" is the traditional and long standing homeland of the jewish people and until they were kicked out and murdered in 1948 they had a flourishing population.
&gt; Nagasaki and Hiroshima were the direct result of the need to stop a war and eliminate the threat that they would develop and use one on us. 

Bullshit. There is no evidence that the Japanese were on their way to the Bomb. None. There was no real threat to the US. Japan's great evil was its vicious colonialism in Asia (and invading the Asian turf of the somewhat less vicious European colonialists). America wiped out Japan not because it was threatened, but because it wanted to change the shape of things in Asia. Japan had retreated into its shell by the time the Bomb was dropped.

&gt; I get annoyed when people suggest Israel should forgive and forget.

Right. Just like the Pals don't forgive and forget that the Israelis expelled them from their homes, and are occupying them, and are making their lives miserable to support their settlement scheme.

&gt; I am very consistant. someone fucks with you and kills your peole, you strike back, you don;'t talk.

Right. That's what Hamas says. If someone occupies your land, takes your farms, makes you wait days at roadblocks, then you *strike back*. 

&gt; If I felt that the Palestinians were being terrorized I would support them eliminating Israel. But it just so happens I feel the opposite.

Obviously, you have no idea what life in the territories is like. I suggest you read Amira Hass' columns at http://www.haaretz.com

&gt; is that all you guys know how to do? Lable someone "Fox" this or that?

Give how riddled your post is with typos, I think that my initial guess to your lack of erudition was more or less on the mark.
Are you retarded?
I mean no disrespect but... are you?

In 1948, it was the Jews who kicked out the Arabs.

Duh!

"the "arab world" is the traditional and long standing homeland of the jewish people "

Absolutely FALSE.
The arab world is obviously an arab homeland.
Again, to those too dense to understand - right after WW2, Jews came from Europe to Palestine and ethnically cleansed, by murder, rape and forced eviction a new country.

"do you have a problem with the arab worlds treatment of jews"
I have a problem with Israeli treatment of Palestinians, aka APARTHEID.
"My analysis does not boil down to "Israel good, Arabs bad." I just hold the Arabs responsible for there part in this."

And likewise, I hold Israelis responsible for THEIR part in this.

"Arabs did the same thing to Jews in Arab lands at the same exact time and throughout history."
NO, again FALSE and a LIE.

Arabs only started to agitate against the Jewish immigration when said immigration reached incredible numbers, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of new, European Jews.

Palestinian Arabs lived in peace with Palestinian Jews FOR DECADES, for HUNDREDS OF YEARS.

To be honest, I am not interested in what a Baathist, Syrian agent in the PLO has to say.
Wiki: "Palestinian leader of the Syria-controlled as-Sa'iqa faction of the Palestine Liberation Organization"
Not exactly Palestinian mainstream there...

No idea who Jimmy Dorsey was nor do I care :-)

I just want to ask you one question, before you start spinning, obfuscating and lying again :-)

1.

Question.

Here it comes, ready?

Do you agree that Israel has used terrorism, both before and after becoming a country (state), to further political goals?

Yes/No
I imagine you do that about now every day anyway.
Thank you for confirming that the Israeli with their more accurate weapons are intentionally causing high numbers of Palestinian civilian casualties.

You comment is again without context, the Israeli are OCCUPYING the Palestinians, and the Palestinian people as any people under occupation have the right to resist it. No American would willingly allow an enemy to occupy or settle our territory with out a fight, to expect less of the Palestinians is and example of your dehumanization of them.
&gt;Thank you for confirming that the Israeli with their more accurate weapons are intentionally causing high numbers of Palestinian civilian casualties.

Thank you for lying. Israel does no such thing and I have not confirmed any such thing. It is true, however, that as a matter of strategy Hamas hides behind civilians.

&gt;the Palestinian people as any people under occupation have the right to resist it.

Their cause is just, so it is OK to blow up Israeli babies, right? And there certainly is no point in discussing this occupation, the Jews should just all leave the area. BTW, where should they go or should they just drown themselves?
Really? I have read several biographies of him and never came across anything even remotely suggesting that. I won't accuse you of lying, but I would like to see some support. I don't see anything with a quick google search.
Your Jewish lawyer can tell you he doesn't want to be your lawyer any more.  That's what I meant.
Its a matter for the record that Israel has indiscriminately killed more Palestinians than vice versa, hence why Israel is said to be a State Sponsor of Terrorism. 

As for just, it is unfortunate that you fail to understand the context in which those actions occur, or consider the murdered Palestinian babies, who have all been murdered under the occupation.  As for leave the area, they are squatters, perhaps they can work out a lease with the Palestinian owners of the territory.
I could be wrong - I have tried googling for it before as well - but IIRC I gleaned that from a TV program about the Night Squads. Another thing that the program reported but I have never been able to find is an official British communique at the time describing their actions. To modern ears it sounded more like claims from the other side of barbarity.
The Night Squads were not in Burma. Did you make up the "Butcher of Burma" claim yourself?
I wonder about that record. There are plenty of people here who assert that any Palestinians killed by Israel are innocent and that it is just fine for the Palestinians to kill any Israelis. By that standard you are right, but that is a sickening standard.

&gt;As for leave the area, they are squatters, perhaps they can work out a lease with the Palestinian owners of the territory.

In the 1800's Jews bought land from the Turkish landowners and were attacked by the Arabs. The Palestinians did not own the territory. So, again, where do you propose the Jews go?
I know they weren't - the program was about the end of the British Mandate - and no, I didn't. Perhaps it wasn't thought suitable for hagiography?
You're either lying or have been lied to, at the area the Jewish immigrants purchased is not the size of modern day Israel and at the time it wasn't purchased to become another country. What you say is akin to those Mormon in TX declaring themselves a separate country because they own a few plots of land... take a wild guess how far that BS would go. 

As for the Arabs attacking, you have your conflicts messed up. The settlers started the conflict by bombing the British (terrorist style) in order to remove them from the scene. History, it's best when we all don't learn the revisionist version of it.
&gt;You're either lying or have been lied to, at the area the Jewish immigrants purchased is not the size of modern day Israel 

I said nothing about size. My point was that normal legal land purchase caused anti-Jewish violence. What would you think is legitimate for the Jews to keep and how would you suggest they be assured they can keep it?

&gt;What you say is akin to those Mormon in TX declaring themselves a separate country because they own a few plots of land... take a wild guess how far that BS would go.

Excepting that Jordan and Egypt and Saudi and Syria and Iraq and Iran were all formed from the same original land: the Turkish empire. How is Israel less legitimate than those countries?
I am quite confused then. You seem to be accusing Wingate of doing something wrong in Burma, but you have no evidence at all. And you seem to be saying that he was terrible in the Mandate, but that no one will talk about the bad things he did. If so he must be the last remaining English saint.
Oh I guess you have me pegged then.
My typo's must mean I am a backward god fearing trailer park moron right?

Or is that just how you dismiss someone who doesn't agree with you?

Look for a typo.

AHA!  There it is, I knew it.. I found me a moron!

&gt;&gt;"There was no real threat to the US."

Are you retarded?  Do you make up your own history also?
I am tired of asses like you. 
You believe the word troll means anyone who disagrees with any popular position on reddit must be a troll.

My definition is a jackass who scrolls through someones post history and votes each comment down and selectively jumps into posts just to argue with that person.

That's you nicely.

I post when something annoys or amuses me.  I do not do it to start a fight, I do it to defend "my" side of thinking.

That is not fucking trolling no matter how badly you want to redefine it.
&gt; My typo's *[sic]* must mean I am a backward god fearing trailer park moron right?

Perhaps they are indicative of your general intellectual level.



&gt;&gt;"There was no real threat to the US."

&gt; Are you retarded? Do you make up your own history also?

There was no real threat to the US from Japan. Japan's horrific imperialism was in Asia. Pearl Harbor was as bad as it got for the US. They killed a few thousand of ours at PH, but we killed hundreds of thousands, probably millions, in their cities.
&gt;&gt;"Perhaps they are indicative of your general intellectual level."

You are not seriously calling my intelligence into question because of typo's are you?  Please.. I type poorly and I really don't scroll up in this tiny comment box to check.

I wonder oftne (there I go again) why people like you do that to others and I believe it is to feel superior, although I am willing to bet a buck or two that you are the sort who believe everyone is equal (but not really)





&gt;&gt;"There was no real threat to the US from Japan. Japan's horrific imperialism was in Asia. Pearl Harbor was as bad as it got for the US. They killed a few thousand of ours at PH, but we killed hundreds of thousands, probably millions, in their cities."

Yea, you're right, we should have abstained and said.. "oh well, no big deal".
Project much, troll?

;-)
don't need to ass.. it is fairly evident what you are.
&gt; You are not seriously calling my intelligence into question because of typo's *[sic]* are you? 

It isn't the typos, actually. It's the basic errors. Different intellectual qualities are generally correlated. If you don't know when to use an apostrophe, you probably didn't ace history either. And this is a debate about history.

&gt; I wonder wonder oftne (there I go again) why people like you do that to others and I believe it is to feel superior,

Sometimes it is just a simple statement of fact.

&gt; Yea, you're right, we should have abstained and said.. "oh well, no big deal".

See, you have a problem with logic. I'm arguing that Pearl Harbor was a crime, but nowhere near the crime of incinerating a couple of hundred thousand civilians. But, given your difficulties in handling the mere apostrophe, I don't think that you will be able to digest this argument.
Oh this bs is getting deep, none of the regions history said that their legal land purchases caused any violence, they ALL say that once Zionism took hold then their were issues. Which is what would happen in ANY country wherein a minority suddenly decided to become their own country. That wouldn't be allowed ANYWHERE. 

For one thing, Israel doesn't have any borders. All of the before mentioned nations do.
No, the violence started in the 19th Century when Jews refused to accept the dhimmi position expected of them. The country then, remember, was Turkey, not Palestine.
Umm, Israel wasn't even founded until the 1950's (late 40's), dude you're so full of it at this point you aren't worth talking to any longer.  As for the violence, try buying some land in America and declaring your own independent nation, and see how fast the "violent" police roll you up.  What I said stands, that kind of thing isn't permissible anywhere.
My point is that the violence against the Jews began before there was an Israel. Why you see that a lie I don't understand.  

&gt;As for the violence, try buying some land in America and declaring your own independent nation, 

As we both agree, the violence began before declaring it a nation. Oh, and there have been Jews in the area before there were Muslims or Arabs.
Geez, here you go with more of lies (you work in PR right?) There was violence against everyone in those days, the Israeli Jews weren't special. 

As for the Jews being in the area before anyone else, that's more BS. The Palestinians and the true Israeli share many genetic markers indicating they ALL come from that area. It's a farce to put forward that only one people have an ancestral claim to that territory. Moreover, religion has never been tied to ownership of territory, imagine if all the Mormon's could stake a claim to land in Utah, and start moving non-Mormons out... see my earlier reference to "no country would tolerate that".
&gt;As for the Jews being in the area before anyone else, that's more BS. The Palestinians and the true Israeli share many genetic markers indicating they ALL come from that area.

Usually it is only racists who think that genetics is everything that matters. Given the Hamas insistence that the land now has a Muslim imprint you might want to re-think your position.

&gt;It's a farce to put forward that only one people have an ancestral claim to that territory. 

It is a farce to deny that the Jews have a claim to the area. 

&gt;Moreover, religion has never been tied to ownership of territory

Excepting when it is Hamas, right? 

&gt;imagine if all the Mormon's could stake a claim to land in Utah

Sort of like how Muslims have treated non-Muslims in for centuries, right?
No, I view the goal of terrorism as action with no other goal than to use fear to further political goals. Israel's actions since becoming a state do not have the goal of fear, they have the goal of stopping those whom attack them.  

&gt; Arabs only started to agitate against the Jewish immigration when said immigration reached incredible numbers, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of new, European Jews.

Your ignorant one sided view of the situation makes it difficult to talk to you. Before 1948 there were large populations of jews in the countries surrounding Israel. These people were kicked out of their homes in the same manner in which the jews were kicked out. You do not know this because Israel let these people into Isreal, while the Arab world shunned their palestinian brothers. 


 Dorsey wrote the article, the quote was of a Palestinian Leader Zuheir Mohsen. Mohsen's viewpoint is wholly consistent with the actions of the PLO and the rest of the Arab world.
&gt; In 1948, it was the Jews who kicked out the Arabs.

You shortsightedness is the problem. In 1948 the Arab world kicked out and murdered many jews ... this is just the facts.
The Arabs were just successful in their ethnic cleansing, so you don't hear about it.
You win, you are so much smarter than I.

I would be willing to bet that everyone who disagrees with you is a total moron.
Lets go with the obvious here, "Muslim" isn't a race and in your hate filled spew you completely missed the point, that BOTH of those people hail from that area, thus neither one has an exclusive claim to any perceived ancestral rights to the territory. 

Looks like the Settlers should be paying rent rather than trying to kill off the rightful heirs to the land.
&gt;Lets go with the obvious here, "Muslim" isn't a race 

I never suggested it was. You were the one who brought up genetics as though that was relevant, not me. So don't suddenly find it offensive.

&gt;in your hate filled spew you completely missed the point,

What did I write that shows any hate? 

&gt;that BOTH of those people hail from that area, thus neither one has an exclusive claim to any perceived ancestral rights to the territory.

Again, I don't see how genetics is what matters here. But if you want to play that game, then the Jews are just as much the rightful owners as the Palestinians. Yet after you establish that you go and say that only the Palestinians are the rightful heirs.
You suggested it, it comes along with your comment about the Jews being there before anyone else, which is patently false. They weren't, history and genetics concur with this. You're wrong, you're lying and now you've been caught. 

Considering its the Jews consider ALL of that land their's when it's plainly not in any way shape or form, then new arrangement need to be made as that right and title they think they have, they don't.  

The Palestinians have as much right to the territory called Israel as the the Israeli Jews do, so anytime a settler moves in, anytime a Palestinian is killed on their own land, a grievous wrong is being done. What makes it worse is that the US is paying billions a year to commit that wrong.
&gt;You suggested it, it comes along with your comment about the Jews being there before anyone else, 

Lying about what I wrote does not really help you. I said there were Jews in the areabefore Muslims or Arabs and that is correct. Telling me that the Palestinians are not genetically Arabs does not make my point false.

&gt;The Palestinians have as much right to the territory called Israel as the the Israeli Jews do

They have a claim that should be considered. That claim, however, does not justify their trying to target Israeli civilians or their blowing up school buses.
&gt; That claim, however, does not justify their trying to target Israeli civilians or their blowing up school buses.  
   
Nope. All sides resort to violence. Everybody is having a shit time. Somewhere in improbability space is a solution. What would *everybody* agree to? Like, not grudgingly, but immediately? In your answers please factor our [infinite](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/core/Content/displayPrintable.jhtml?xml=/earth/2007/12/23/scicosmos123.xml&amp;site=30&amp;page=0) and [ridiculous](http://encyclopediadramatica.com/Image:Howdoesibypasscakeblocker.JPG) universe.
&gt;All sides resort to violence. 

But not all violence is equal. Attacking military targets is not the same as targeting civilians.

I don't actually know of any solution that is within the grasp of either Hamas or Israel. Hamas is not going to get back all of the territory without exterminating the Jews. And Israel is not going to be able to stop Hamas from attacking. I think that Israel should be pulling out the settlements on the West Bank and should threaten to give up the West Bank to a Palestinian state. (Personally I they should have done that in 1968.) Setting up a Palestinian state will greatly distress Hamas: they want it all, not just some and with a state they have to actually govern.
Thanks for a summation of this Gordian knot. Hopefully somebody gets hit with inspiration of the good kind.
Wow you really don't get it. The Jews and the Palestinians are the same people, NEITHER arrived before the other.  You need to set aside your hatred of the Palestinians and learn to see the situation in an unbiased manner. 

As for killing civilians, the Israeli are renowned for targeting civilians. In fact there's a video of them killing a well marked journalist just a few days ago.  Funny, how you didn't mention that.
&gt;The Jews and the Palestinians are the same people, NEITHER arrived before the other.

Your need to make genetics (genetic markers actually) all important is interesting. No, they are not the same, but there is a relationship that says that European Jews are closer to Palestinians than to other Europeans. But genetics is your issue, the Palestinians continually identify themselves as Arabs and as Muslims. 

&gt;As for killing civilians, the Israeli are renowned for targeting civilians. 

"Renown for" seems to mean "accused of without evidence". What they are renown for, actually, is developing new technology that enables them to minimize civilian deaths in a war where one side uses their own civilians as strategic shields. You want targeting civilians go and look at Darfur.
Now you're talking out of both sides of your mouth. Euro Jews and Israeli Jews aren't the same people, worse I never said they were; it's the native Israeli Jews and the Palestinians that share the same heritage (said again, and now more clearly). And since it's heritage that makes for the basis for your  "who owns the land" argument.  Then you've made my point for me. Thanks. 

Oh the renown for bit... Israel speaks with pride over the number of Palestinians they kill, I think they're at a 10:1 ratio now. Mostly civilians, who weren't shields of any sort.  If Israeli truly wanted to minimize civilian casualties, they'd end their illegal Occupation of the Palestinian people. 

As a return to the thread topic, Jimmy Carter should be praised for his good works in his attempt to return even handed diplomacy to the region.
&gt;Euro Jews and Israeli Jews aren't the same people

For some notion of "same". I guess when you kept talking about racial genetics I thought you meant this: [Jews Are The Genetic Brothers Of Palestinians, Syrians, And Lebanese](http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2000/05/000509003653.htm)

You will need to explain to me how you are distinguishing "Euro Jews" and "Israeli Jews". 

&gt;it's the native Israeli Jews 

Native meaning what, exactly? What is your cut-off date? 

&gt;And since it's heritage that makes for the basis for your "who owns the land" argument.

No, you are making a genetic argument, I think that "heritage" is more than simply genetics.

&gt;Israel speaks with pride over the number of Palestinians they kill

Really? Israelis don't seem to cheer the deaths of Palestinian innocents the way that Palestinians cheer dead Jews.

&gt;Mostly civilians, who weren't shields of any sort. 

No, mostly militants and most of the civilians were in the vicinity of militants. Hiding behind civilians is a core strategy of terrorists (even if you call them guerrillas).

&gt;If Israeli truly wanted to minimize civilian casualties, they'd end their illegal Occupation of the Palestinian people.

So if they give up all the occupied territories and give Hamas free reign they will get a 10 year cease-fire. Wow.


&gt;Jimmy Carter should be praised for his good works in his attempt to return even handed diplomacy to the region.

Even handed? Give me a break. But how does he do a thing other than give Hamas a PR victory? (Well, his proclamation of a change in Hamas position, a change denied immediately by Hamas might have also made him look like a fool.)
Thanks you just proved my argument and shot yourself in the foot. As they're all related to the same people indigenous to the land, they have equal claim to it, period. We're done here now. Unless you want ask what to write to your local rabbi and figure out how much to pay the Palestinians for the territory that Israel is illegally occupying. 

When Israel wants peace, they'll talk. Right now they're the only ones refusing to and since they refuse to talk, they're killing innocents and happily. They've proven that all they want to enjoy the killing of Palestinians, not the fruits of a negotiated peace.  They're murderers, they're terrorists, and they're tortures taking the US taxpayer for a ride.
&gt;Thanks you just proved my argument and shot yourself in the foot. As they're all related to the same people indigenous to the land, they have equal claim to it, period. We're done here now.

And we are back to your racist genetics claim. And if we have "equal" claim, the Hamas is wrong, aren't they?

&gt;When Israel wants peace, they'll talk.

Hamas offers a 10 year truce in exchange for the entire West Bank and Gaza (including Jerusalem). What do you think they want for peace?

&gt;Right now they're the only ones refusing to

Except for Hamas.
*yawns* LOL! You're funny! Breaking out the name calling because you have nothing else in your argument! I can't wait until you start in with calling me antisemitic next!! *LOL!!*  You obviously don't even know what racism means. Go look it up!

And Hamas put the branch forward and asked for nothing more than they're already entitled to, Israel..has offered nothing but more violence, occupation and killing for another 60 years.
&gt;Breaking out the name calling

Name calling? You keep asserting that genetics is what matters. That is your argument, not mine.

&gt;And Hamas put the branch forward

If you see "give me what I want and I stop attacking for awhile" a branch, sure. 

&gt;asked for nothing more than they're already entitled to

For "what they are entitled to" they will stop attacking for 10 years. And you can't see why Israel might find that a problem.
[deleted]
Gonna have to spell that out for me.
[deleted]
&gt;That Israel TARGETS civilians is a fact that Islael has acknowledged.

Provide some evidence and it works for me.

Summary:
I am myself and not above myself.
:-)

I did no such thing.
If you don't justify the killing of Israelis then are you justifying the killing of Palestinians?
Irgun was fighting for a state of Israel in Palestine, and Hamas is fighting for a state of Palestine in Israel.
In Israel's case, that just makes them kill more Palestinians.
The Palestinians did not own the territory.
I don't think you get the difference.
Oh no, what am I going to do?
Please point out where I did.
I do not believe the Israeli child had much to do with killing any Palestinian.
It is terrorism isn't it?
Want me to go on?
What I said was that, in your viewpoint, terrorism against israel is justified.
I do support murder and not terrorism either.
If it was an apartheid state it would not be terrorism and it is not an apartheid state.
It is clear that you think the terrorism against Israel is justified.
I just wouldn't do it myself.
Are you saying that Hamas is wrong?
The Palestinians kill innocent people on purpose.
I support no tactic that kills people in general.
When did I say that ...
I fail to see your point.
Talking with Hamas legitimizes their violence.
You support killing Jews and think that it is wrong for them to fight back.
You really believe what you are saying?
What do you think they want for peace?
Not to Hamas it does not.
And if the Hamas fires rockets at Israeli civilians Israel has a right to stop them.
I don't disagree with you.
Carter's enemy is people who work against peace.
It has nothing to do with the Palestinian situation.
Not sure what I was on about.
It was never used as reasoning by Hamas.
Thats why he is their friend and not Israels.
I'm not saying I'm better than you.
You don't understand what terrorism means.
And Israel is not going to be able to stop Hamas from attacking.
Unless they are Palestinians, right?
&gt; I am very consistant.
Israel has killed a lot more innocent people than Hamas in the last few years.
I don't understand how Hamas thinks their policies are helping.
That's why I find their (Hamas) actions wrong but not wrong at the same time.
No, you are not (I hope so).
I say give him a few years, and he agrees with us completely.
The Israelis kill the terrorists on purpose.
thing is that hamas really ISN'T the enemy of the US.
Israel does no such thing and I have not confirmed any such thing.
Carter can get it DONE.
Attacking military targets is not the same as targeting civilians.
Yeah, what did I say which is a lie?
Don't you have work to do?
I was not trying to hide that in any way.
Please show how I did what you claimed.
and rocket attacks that target civilians.
But if you want one then it is: yes.
None of them are terrorism and many of them are caused by Hamas, not Israel.
Hamas attacks purely civilian targets.
So Israel has been involved in no terrorist attacks where innocent civilians were killed, yet this has some bearing on Hamas' terrorism?
I feel like you ignored or did not understand my point at all.
If you do not believe that Hamas acts in terrorism, then you must believe that those acts are justified.
I like how you twisted my words there.
The Palestinians respond by killing more innocent people on purpose.
Hamas' actions of terrorism have given Israel the need to protect themselves.
&gt;The Palestinians have as much right to the territory called Israel as the the Israeli Jews do

They have a claim that should be considered.
Hamas is a political organization.
I am, though, saying that Israel also has a right of self-defense.
&gt; "Start with the assumption that Israel is bad."
My point is that the violence against the Jews began before there was an Israel.
That is the Israeli position.
I would follow the law and do so.
Would *you* like to tell me how Carter's meeting with Hamas does not legitimize their violence?
I don't think it's WRONG but I don't necessarily think it's RIGHT either (in reference to terrorist actions).
Im sorry, carter is an israeli?
I just hold the Arabs responsible for their part in this.
I just hold the Arabs responsible for there part in this."
If you have a good reason then it is not terrorism.
In your own words:

&gt; "Start with the assumption that Israel is bad."
Did I ever said nothing should be done to stop Hamas?
I don't think one should bend over and take it.
"Start with the assumption that Israel is bad."
I wouldn't prevent, and would even support, you if you wanted to stop them.
There have been plenty of peace talks that started with a Hamas attack on Israel to stop any progress.
No, but I wouldn't stop someone else from doing it.
Why you see that a lie I don't understand.
It is Hamas, not Israel, that attacks on a daily basis.
&gt; It also shows that terrorism can bring about the change the terrorists want.
I was told that the dead Palestinians, including those who are engaged at the time in killing Israelis, are all innocent.
Israel does not occupy Gaza.
The Jews and the Palestinians are the same people, NEITHER arrived before the other.
If you do then there is something else going on.
I don't think it matters where the negotiations are held.
Edit: to make that last point clear, I don't see those actively engaged in trying to kill civilians innocent.
But, ultimately, I would most likely side with the accused.
So, what exactly are you saying?
Call it what you want, that is the claim you have made.
Yes, I think that it is a good thing that Israel exists and that the Jews have found a way to defend themselves.
No one is saying that Israel is handling the situation perfectly but Israel's actions leading to civilian deaths do not excuse Hamas' actions leading to civilian deaths.
I didn't argue it's immorality.
Used and uses terrorism to further their political goals.
It also shows that terrorism can bring about the change the terrorists want.
You're probably not going to like it much.
I didn't vote for him either.
Talking to terrorists doesn't justify their methods.
I am not trying to excuse my views.
It makes little difference that it is my government.
I didn't explicitly take a side.
They need the US to do this.
Like I said, Israeli civilians are also Israeli soldiers.
There are plenty of innocent Palestinian civilians.
Talk out of your ass much?
Please explain how I am justifying Palestinian terrorism by saying that Israel is the stronger side so it should be willing to show more restraint than it does.
Again, I don't see how genetics is what matters here.
That is true and I am in favor of peace for both sides.
Just because they're civilians doesn't make them innocent.
So to review:
You believe that terrorism against Israel is Justified and all Israelis are fair targets because they were in the military.
And if we have "equal" claim, the Hamas is wrong, aren't they?
Unless the US is doing the attacking.
Why is one side's violence justified and the other is not?
Sorry, did you get the part where I am myself and not anyone else?
I didn't say Israelis liked him, I said he's doing something the Israelis want done, shill.
If your rabbit was killing people, then something needs to be done to stop her because your rabbit is not justified in attacking other people.
Your response once again supports the idea that the attacks are justified.
He actually supports Israel and the Israelis, just in a way that is in the best interests of everyone.
Supporting and justifying their actions specifically says that nothing should be done to stop them.
It just so happens that the best way to do it is to be nice to you enemy.
Like I said, it's hard for me to explain it.
Telling me that the Palestinians are not genetically Arabs does not make my point false.
Talking was tried: The murders stopped and a political solution **acceptable to both sides** was negotiated.
In which case they are all innocent.
I look at both sides' actions and politics and religious stands and see that they are BOTH scum - Israel and Hamas.
&gt; In 1948, it was the Jews who kicked out the Arabs.
But it just so happens I feel the opposite.
I do not believe that I would support attacks on civilians regardless of the situation.
Trying diplomacy doesn't make you a bad president.
I did not dispute that.
&gt; I get annoyed when people suggest Israel should forgive and forget.
I am not sure I follow any of your points.
Despite him saying he wants to talk to our friends and our enemy and anyone in between.
Well, in that case, let's define my answer as YES, I support the murder of so call *innocent* civilians for a just cause.
Somehow I doubt Israel is his enemy.
Would you kill someone trying to kill your child?
Israel is scum, exactly like Hamas and PLO is.
You want targeting civilians go and look at Darfur.
To me, explicitly, and my actions and my personal view on whether I would justify my killing of you, no.
It should tell you something that you need to go back over 60 years to find this terrorist attack.
Stop fucking around, Israel has murdered 20 times more children than the Palestinians.
Carter was a failure as a President and he is still trying to make up for it.
And you can't see why Israel might find that a problem.
Do you agree that Israel has used terrorism, both before and after becoming a country (state), to further political goals?
I'm starting to think that the reason Israel is so against peace is because they actually enjoy killing Palestinians en mass.
Well based on his book Israel is his enemy, so he is actually just talking to friends.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 2.63
