Original Response:
this is just the beginning
When this happens in Cleveland (3rd poorest city in America), I'll do my best to direct the angry mob towards the city's Federal Reserve building and any federal government property along the way.
[deleted]
This is why I hate Western media:

&gt;the food crisis threatened the Caribbean nation's fragile security.

I read a similar phrase on CNN about Iraq, after a score of people were killed in one day (underlining the fragile security).

What wishful thinking! What rampant and unchecked hypocrisy! If 4 people die in _food riots_ what on EARTH is there to say that there's any sliver of security there?
I'll direct them toward rich Republicans. 
You can tell who they are by their houses and the signs on the law during elections.
I guess you have a shot if you choose a route with no liquor stores.
Things are looking up for old Haiti. They always had riots in the past, but no food to throw.
what if they have a sign for paul, gravel, kucinich, nader?
Be prepared. - Grow your own food, trade with sound money - gold and silver coins (1/10*oz*, 1/4*oz*, 1/2*oz* &amp; 1*oz* sovereign gold coins).
Dude... that's the mob.
You know, rioting will only make you hungrier, and the economy generally doesn't respond to people rioting. Way to go, Haiti.
FOOD FIGHT
:)
Obviously the end of the world is soon. I'm already packing my bags. Buy silver and gold, and get plenty of ammo. Learn how to kill zombies and start accustomizing yourself to the taste of human flesh. Soon you will be eating what you can kill. Things are going to get difficult.

I predict total economic meltdown within a very short time period.
we are only 3rd poorest now?  thought we were at least 1 or 2.  DET is prolly 1 huh?
way to comment
there was an article about one month ago about the thriving small business of selling dirt cookies. the price of the "special" dirt had gone way up. these people are really hungry. the comment from the prime minister where he says that the trouble is really caused by drug dealers infiltrating the mob sounds totally ridiculous. sounds like he is probably corrupt. kept all that aid money for himself, and his nice opulent lifestyle. or perhaps he is so out of touch with his people that he really believes all the trouble is really from drug dealers... not
Soylent Green: 


Made from the best stuff on earth - people!
&gt; federal government property

Isn't that your own property in a way?
It's the republicans fault people depend on handouts and have fucked up lives?
Nobody cares about hati anyway.
Yes.
How?
Through the decades again and again it has been proven that government programs can help people have better lives. Republicans HATE people to have better lives, first just because they hate everyone who isn't rich, but also because a secure, healthy, educated person with options will have to be paid more than a desperate person so it's to their advantage to keep people desperate.
&gt;government programs can help people have better lives.

What you mean is, government handouts. Money they steal from Joe's paycheck to give to John and his family.

John has many children, no education, and repeatedly makes horrific life decisions. But that doesn't matter, John knows him and his family always have free housing, free food, and free money coming form the government. So really, making a bad life decision isn't a big deal, there will always be people like Joe out there working hard to support John.

I'm pretty poor myself. Matter of fact my car just got repo'd. Do you think I would ever dream of taking free shit from the government? Food stamps, welfare, section 8 housing? No. Because I'm not a fucking degenerate leech. It takes a special kind of asshole to ask for handouts. If you want something, get your fucking ass off the couch and work for it.

Your liberal welfare programs have done far more to hurt the poor and minorities than any republican ever dreamed of. You have re-enslaved the poor and minorities all over again.
It's called taxation. In good governments taxation goes either to help everyone or help those most in need. In bad ones it goes to help those who have too much already. 

&gt;John has many children, no education, and 
repeatedly makes horrific life decisions. 

Seems to me John and his partner(s) need birth control and education and training in how to make better decisions. 

&gt;Your liberal welfare programs have done far more to hurt the poor and minorities than any republican ever dreamed of. You have re-enslaved the poor and minorities all over again.

No we haven't. We have helped people. Again and again.
The beginning of what? The island has been a basketcase for years. Maybe we should pull a Tibet on it. We should force emigrate legions of white yuppie kids there to put down roots and foster western business. The current Haitian population is helpless to fix the island's problems.
Helping people is showing them how to do things. It's making them responsible for their actions, they must understand their actions have consequences. Welfare does none of that.

Last night I was watching a show about an African family that came to the U.S. from Somalia. The social worker told the woman she has to either work or go to school, otherwise the welfare will be cut off. She was pissed off because she didn't like the idea of daycare and strangers watcher her children. So the social worker leans across the fucking desk and tells her interpreter "if she is sick, or pregnant, she is exempt". The interpreter turns to her and says "how do you feel about having more children?"

That^ is NOT how you help people. I almost threw up on my bed when I saw that. Honest to god, it made me physically sick. I know it happens every day, but to actually witness it happen was a total and complete outrage.
The food price inflation we've been seeing in America is partly demand, but there's also a lot of speculation.  The volatility and high rate of price increases in the past 4 months suggest we're near a speculative top (but not necessarily a long term top).  The volatility causes the price of futures options (price insurance) to increase drastically, and since the major food processors rely on options to control their costs, the costs of everything in the supermarket aisle has skyrocketed.  Unless there is a major crop blight this season, I expect food prices to subside - for now.

Doesn't change the fact that Haiti is fucked.
It's OK guys. We have the biggest army.
&gt;It's making them responsible for their actions

You mean punishing them for poor decisions, letting them and their children suffer. I think not. 

I'm sure that TV show was supposed to make you angry, make you not want to help people. It just makes me want to stop immigration. If we can't support our own people, get them health care and education, we don't need to let anyone new in. But the capitalist want more cheap labor so are given no choice.
&gt;You mean punishing them for poor decisions, letting them and their children suffer. I think not.

You're correct, that's just another way of saying it. To be real honest with you, I don't care about them, their families, or their hardships. I have my own problems to deal with. The fact they get free money, food, and shelter from the government makes me care even less. In fact, it brings a level of hatred into my feelings. On one hand, I have hard times and I keep on going, work through it. People on welfare, they just hold their handout and ask for free shit. The very fact they don't have enough self respect to not ask for free shit in the first place is enough to fill me with anger. Why should I, or any tax payer for that matter, have to pay for this fucks food, his kids food, his shelter, or anything else? Why? I have my own problems, and the government tells me I also have to care for Mr. welfare and his families problems too? Fuck that.

If people on welfare can't care for their children, they should immediately be sterilized. If they refuse to get sterilized, their welfare gets cut off. I'm sick of these lowlife fucks gaming the system at the tax payer expense. That goes for GWB and his stupid fucking wars, and it also goes for Mr. and Mrs. Welfare.

&gt;I'm sure that TV show was supposed to make you angry

Believe it or not, it was actually a pro-welfare, pro-immigration type show. It was some locally made show, very amateurish. Keep in mind this was on TV at like 3:30am last night. I'm not sure what the main goal of the show was TBH. It was basiclly a cryfest about how hard people on welfare have it and why they should be given even more free stuff.
SO . . . We should have the riots drop by your house.  Can you put put out a flag so its easy to identify you?

If you were a christian I'd remind you about the charity stuff in the bible.  But since you obviously aren't I'll just say "As you sow, so shall you reap" :)

Oh, one more thing . . . this  nation is about to face a huge financial collapse caused by the loss of credit.  If you have a job, investments, home you'll be very adversely effected. 

SO you'll be one of those folks needing a hand out :)  See you on the breadlines, Boss :)
Man, I'm just so looking forward to seeing your world turn upside down.

It will do you a world of good.  You'll be a happier, kinder person :)
Pop Quiz . . . . who wins in a real war?


Biggest Army . . . . Massive widespread insurgency composed of many previous soldiers.


Think hard :)
I agree.  

People are about to get a crash course in economics :)
Canary in a coal mine :)
Government hates that you know . . .  Just hates it.  No Gold.  Look what they did to the liberty dollar folks.
Getting liquored up for a riot is an American Tradition :)

First we drink, then we lynch people.  Its our way.
What the fuck are you babbling about?
In my country we never get passed phase one. We like the booze too much. :(
[deleted]
What are they out of [mud cookies](http://www.theheraldbulletin.com/peopleandplaces/local_story_096165946.html)?
upon looking it up, miami is actualy the poorest and detroit is 4th poorest after cleveland.

newark is second.
That's for sure, they cannot arbitrarily take your wealth away and centralize it by creating more of it.
[deleted]
what we have here is not a food scarcity problem, but rather a distribution problem

Summary:
Helping people is showing them how to do things.
Government hates that you know .
The fact they get free money, food, and shelter from the government makes me care even less.
That^ is NOT how you help people.
I have my own problems to deal with.
What you mean is, government handouts.
If people on welfare can't care for their children, they should immediately be sterilized.
&gt;government programs can help people have better lives.
People on welfare, they just hold their handout and ask for free shit.
I have my own problems, and the government tells me I also have to care for Mr. welfare and his families problems too?
It's the republicans fault people depend on handouts and have fucked up lives?
John has many children, no education, and repeatedly makes horrific life decisions.
You have re-enslaved the poor and minorities all over again.
these people are really hungry.
It will do you a world of good.
The interpreter turns to her and says "how do you feel about having more children?"
It was basiclly a cryfest about how hard people on welfare have it and why they should be given even more free stuff.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
