Original Response:
Edgar Friendly: You see, according to Cocteau's plan I'm the enemy, 'cause I like to think; I like to read. I'm into freedom of speech and freedom of choice. I'm the kind of guy likes to sit in a greasy spoon and wonder - "Gee, should I have the T-bone steak or the jumbo rack of barbecued ribs with the side order of gravy fries?" I WANT high cholesterol. I wanna eat bacon and butter and BUCKETS of cheese, okay? I want to smoke a Cuban cigar the size of Cincinnati in the non-smoking section. I want to run through the streets naked with green Jell-o all over my body reading Playboy magazine. Why? Because I suddenly might feel the need to, okay, pal? I've SEEN the future. Do you know what it is? It's a 47-year-old virgin sitting around in his beige pajamas, drinking a banana-broccoli shake, singing "I'm an Oscar Meyer Wiener".
It's all for your own good, dinkum aussies, so step away from the outback and just get your regular tests and so on. It like society without Allah, Islam, and the Taliban fundamentally impaired.
It's a pity journalism has sunk so low, while these ideas had been brought up during the summit they didn't get far, though a lot of better ideas did come up, such as reducing the pirce of healthier foods and increasing the prices of processed ones.
The basic question is: does the government own the people or do people own the government?  Unfortunately, more and more it seems to be the former.
I don't know about banning anything. That won't necessarily eliminate the market. Just tax it more and consider it a Stupidity Tax.
Indeed. Hate to remind anyone of the obvious through a burdened comparison but the health of the people/foot soldiers in Nazi Germany and Mussolini's Italy was often looked after about as zealously. 

The point being that the sick and dying are usually of little use to the state..
The pity is they are even thinking it.  The scary part is you thinking a step in that direction is a good idea.  Should the Australian goverment now set prices?  Or just tax and subsidize?
[deleted]
The first thing Hitler did when he rose to power was ban smoking.
The Australian government has always been taxing and subsidizing various industries, sometimes to good results sometimes not. I think this is a step in the right direction, subsidizing organic produce will not only help drought stricken farmers but also help people become more healthy.
Makes sense.  How else can it be ensured that the human cattle remain healthy?
...and the healthy are legitimized only by their value to the state.
I'm an Aussie, and I see this rubbish about taxing 'artificial foods' and making 'natural foods' cheaper infuriates me. How can the government decide what people should be able to buy for what price? Let the market decide!

Also, the rubbish about banning smoking is utterly ridiculous. While I'm not a smoker and I don't recommend smoking to anyone, banning smoking would be akin to the prohibition of the early 20th century - It would have no positive effects, and would only server to criminalize a large portion of the population
Almighty market, answer to everything. ::rol eyes::

If people are too dumb or too lazy for their own good, government should react. It's much easier to munch fat dripping hamburgers then make healthy meal, so let's forget medical costs and all other costs and let them chew more fat, cause "market" decided it's for the better?
&gt;Health stream participants in the 2020 summit also discussed increasing public education about how death can be a "positive experience" to avoid patients panicking when they reach hospital emergency departments.

This concept is frightening.
Why is letting the market decide a good thing? If the benefits of a healthier population outweigh the negatives of tinkering with the markets then whats wrong with it?
"They" are not thinking it. Someone who was invited to the summit thought it. All ideas were discussed. Bad ideas were rejected. Theres no pity in that.

I'm glad at least someone is proposing solution. Why should I as a tax payer pay for other peoples sloth? Unless things change these people will sink the healthcare system.
Prohibition works goddammit. Lets just ban fun and be done with it.
This is one of the reasons US citizens are hesitant to jump on the socialized health care boat. This will inevitably lead to a government interest in private activities, and a much more intrusive state.
And your point is?
jesus.
thinking it is fantastic, especially when they get together and discuss it, but reject it for being either too invasive, or just plain stupid. thats how stuff is supposed to work imo.
george bush helped africa, so thats also out of the question then?
its a conference by health and medical professionals, not a government proposal like the title implies and it functions on papers submissions and open forum brainstorming so some of the ideas are wacky.
Someday we'll tell our kids about the personal responsibility that we used to have.  How we used to be able to choose healthy or not healthy.  And our kids will understand, because the law will say they have to respect their elders.
I'm sure glad the US has profiteering health care companies, or else marijuana might be illegal!  Oh wait...
Canada has high taxes on cigarettes.  It also has a booming market for black market cigarettes.

Here's an idea: raise taxes so that a pack of cigarettes will cost a million bucks.  Then,  NOBODY will smoke!
I'm an Aussie, and I think taxing unhealthy foods to subsidise healthy foods is a great idea.  One of the biggest reasons why the poorer population have more health problems (even in this land of universal healthcare) is because healthy food is far more expensive than unhealthy food.

Considering obesity is fast becoming the #1 preventable determinant of cardiovascular disease (also to the #1 cancer in the world), which still tops the global burden of disease in mortality and morbidity--having a healthier society means less drain on Medicare, more productivity, a healthier economy, less disease etc.

While I agree that for the most part the government shouldn't restrict the market, there are exceptions.  I mean, didn't you yourself make the [argument for the government limiting our privilege to bear arms?](http://reddit.com/info/697gs/comments/c037yie)  Don't you think maybe our government, which we elected, has a *little* right to protect us from ourselves?
This is not about freedom of choice. If people are addicted, then they are not acting of their own free will. If the government provides health care for the people, then it ought to have a say in activities they do which are detrimental to their health.
[Godwin](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin's_law) would be proud.
Who knows, it might even entice snack food companies to actually make their products healthier, instead of just slapping on "fat reduced" labels all over their shit.
Wow, please tell me pun intended?
I also know a lot of people that quit smoking because of the tax. Most of the people I know who quit did it because the tax was the straw that broke the camels back(pun only partially intended). Also, since we have state healthcare, and people who smoke are more likely to get sick, taxing cigs makes perfect sense.
Can you think of any government that does anything besides tax and subsidize?
Hows the non-intrusive state thing working out?
Mussolini made the trains run on time, yet scheduled mass transit != evil.
[deleted]
I also know a lot of people that quit eating fast food because of the tax. Most of the people I know who quit did it because the tax was the straw that broke the camels back. Also, since we have state healthcare, and people who eat fast food are more likely to get sick, taxing fast food makes perfect sense.
i know how ron paul would vote if he were Australian.
++ Positive experience!! Would die again!
You talk like a Buddhist.
Marijuana was made illegal well before the rise of profiteering health care companies.
I never said it was working out well or desirable. I don't want to give them another excuse to pry into our private lives.
That is, if they allow us to have kids.
right and in 2030 they will introduce a camera to fit right into the anus of everyone so the government can track crime and people who don't follow the rules.

its the right thing to do.
or themselves.
1984
and hitler used trains to transport undesirables.

PT = bad
&gt;reducing the pirce of healthier foods and increasing the prices of processed ones

Here's the problem with that.  If you allow government to tax "unhealthy" and subsidize "healthy" it then becomes necessary for the government to decide where the border line between the two is.  This will be a massive sticking point for anyone who wants to push a product to the public and will result in lobbying and bribery and corruption of the public officials who hold the responsibility for setting that line.  McDonalds will throw millions of dollars at government officials in order to get the BigMac classified as "healthy" since it contains lettuce or some such nonsense.

What you will end up with is a system that completely fails to accomplish its stated goals while simultaneously increasing government expenditures and the corruption of government officials by corporate interests.
The government's role in this is to facilitate an open brainstorming session for people working in healthcare to throw out some suggestions for how to imrove the health in the future.

Because it's an open forum, a lot of wild ideas are being raised for discussion. Isn't that the sort of thing a government owned by the people *should* be doing?
i see what you did there...

nixcamic still has a valid point, even though you can swap out words to belittle it.
Things work differently in Australia. How about we try it out and see?

Australias political system has not fallen into the same rampant corruption as the US government has, when we set up comissions to regulate things we don't assign the task to politicians but to seperate organizations which are part of the government though subject to its scrutiny. Through that things don't fall to shit because of corruption, if ou want to bribe someone you'll have to probably bribe like 10 different people with a high chance of getting busted in the end.
The only place I have _ever_ seen anybody write (no pun intended) is in American texts. Personally I find it stupid - if you miss the pun, no harm is done.
[deleted]
50% of people on this planet can have kids without any approval from the state (seriously if a somewhat pretty girl offered you no strings attached sex, wouldn't you take it?)
[No, he didn't.](http://www.snopes.com/history/govern/trains.asp)
One hopes. But that position comes straight out of Catholic theology.
Freedom is the freedom to do things the government doesn't like you to do.
Experts seem to have no trouble in believing that their rule would be and would remain benign. They foresee no suffering resulting from their errors and misconceptions. They're happy to regard themselves as expert politicians, administrators and policemen too.

But if an expert from _another field_ were to come and coerce them in the name of improving their lives they would rightly reject it as tyranny.

Meanwhile people who genuinely improve other people's lives do so by persuasion and cooperation and they regard all expert knowledge as questionable.

Finally, those people who improve their own lives spontaneously know that virtue and wisdom arise from inner change which cannot be imposed from the outside.
[deleted]
If child support was one of the unattached strings...
Australian farmers will decide what's healthy. That is, if phasing it out would hurt their bottom line, they will scream bloody murder until the government backs down.
Tax fat people for being fat.

Woop!
yes Kim Jong il will give them his stamp of approval
I totally agree with you, but an even more basic argument against this is why we should let the Government set up the prices on a free and deregulated market? Isn't this against the basic principles of free competition and the concept that the consumer/public knows best? Even if we suppose there will be no corruption and bribery involved in setting up the prices, how will Government officials know how to set up the exact prices? Are they some sort of keynesian super-heroes that know each and every move on the market?
So why don't you all smart people form a country of your own, with your own taxes?
no that is for colon cancer.
he would /wrists
*why we should let the Government set up the prices on a free and deregulated market?*

Because the "free and deregulated market" is a myth promoted by large companies who like to stack the odds in their favour. The market only exists because the rule of law is enforced by government.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Welcome to the Army.
Why should the government investigate price fixing, why should the government test food for dangerous substances, why should the government do anything?

Oh noes! Big government, evil! eeevil! All our freedoms will be gone!

I'll reply to your shmuck anyway:

&gt;why we should let the Government set up the prices on a free and deregulated market?

No, the government does not set prices, the ogvernment subsidizes different produce and through that prices change.

&gt;Isn't this against the basic principles of free competition and the concept that the consumer/public knows best?

The consumer/public votes for the government to run the country and make their lives easier, and yes, regulating the so-called 'free market' is one such way =)

&gt;Even if we suppose there will be no corruption and bribery involved in setting up the prices, how will Government officials know how to set up the exact prices?

They don't, the government sets up an independant and transparent comission made up of experts who suggest such and such prices, depending on the system it may or may not be debated in parliament.

&gt;Are they some sort of keynesian super-heroes that know each and every move on the market?

No but they are elected representitives who can protect those they represent from heartless corporations.


In the end it's the big corporation that rips you off, not the oh so scary 'big government'.
First, they came for the cigarettes, and I did nothing, because I didn't smoke...
Better than the goddamn Aussies, apparently.
No I'm quite sure an independant comission will decide what is healthy and what isn't.
Agreed - this sounds like a chance to rehash the old "Ketchup is a vegetable" argument - I always loved that idea, it meant we were turning fruits into vegetables.
or north koreas lifestyle laws, as written by the magnificent supreme leader, munificent kim jong il
I always like to point this out in cases like this because most people don't know: Australia does not actually even guarantee free speech to its people, they only guarantee free POLITICAL speech. And of course, the definition of political speech is subjective and the government gets the final say in the matter. I still love Australia, but this kind of thing is not really all that surprising.
Facts have a nasty habit of getting in the way of conspiracy theories.
Read Peter Carey's *The Fat Man in History*.

He's a great Aussie author who writes about exactly that.
pun intended, yes:)

Summary:
Tax fat people for being fat.
I also know a lot of people that quit smoking because of the tax.
*why we should let the Government set up the prices on a free and deregulated market?
The basic question is: does the government own the people or do people own the government?
I don't know about banning anything.
I also know a lot of people that quit eating fast food because of the tax.
Why is letting the market decide a good thing?
The pity is they are even thinking it.
its the right thing to do.
How can the government decide what people should be able to buy for what price?
Isn't that the sort of thing a government owned by the people *should* be doing?
Also, since we have state healthcare, and people who smoke are more likely to get sick, taxing cigs makes perfect sense.
Things work differently in Australia.
Most of the people I know who quit did it because the tax was the straw that broke the camels back.
Freedom is the freedom to do things the government doesn't like you to do.
"They" are not thinking it.
Can you think of any government that does anything besides tax and subsidize?
Hows the non-intrusive state thing working out?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
