Original Response:
huh, I can't imagine the avenue of political shitbaggery this opens for the Chinese...
Not sure if this a good idea. It might trigger China to make it even worse. They would love to see enemy #1 go.
... Isn't that what China WANTS? That's like saying "I'm raising my credit limit of you don't lower my APR!"
Wen Jiabao's logic is flawless...
qutoes taken from 

http://ukpress.google.com/article/ALeqM5jfQKhLqKbggeBh3wghlz-E7YnRwg

"There is ample fact - and we also have plenty of evidence - proving that this incident was organised, premeditated, masterminded and incited by the Dalai clique," Wen told reporters at his annual news conference at the end of China's national legislative session.

"This has all the more revealed that the consistent claims made by the Dalai clique that they pursue not independence but peaceful dialogue are nothing but lies."

Please correct me if I'm wrong but hasn't the Dalai Llama won the Nobel Peace Prize and does not advocate violence.
You are not wrong.  The Dalai Llama does not advocate violence.  Don't fall for the Chinese rhetorics.
While I don't know of his current activities, the Dalai Llama is NOT the peaceful person his image promotes.

When they were in power in Tibet they were a brutal corrupt dictatorship that enjoyed torturing the dirt-poor peasants while the priest class enjoyed a life of luxury.

I'm not saying that the Chinese are any better, but we should have perspective on this man who is [funded by the CIA](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tibetan_resistance_movement) as part of their anti-socialism propaganda budget. This is the same system that once supported the Taliban against the Soviets. 

Even the wiki article on the resistance hints towards this, with mention of "reforms" the religious theocracy tried to placate the civilians with to avert the communist revolution. They said they would stop stealing peoples lands and end their slavery. The people actually welcomed the Chinese when they first arrived!

A "free" Tibet does not include the Dalai Lama.
it is obvious chinese propaganda to say that the dalai llama organized these uprisings.  he has a record of consistently advocating for peaceful ways.

for the record though, i do not think he identifies himself as a pacifist.  i think he has hedged his pacifism in saying things like that he was inspired by the courage of the (small) tibetan armed resistance in '50.  i could be wrong though and would be interested in hearing from someone who is more expert in this.
is the dalai llama threatening to resign in hopes of ending the tibetans' violent uprisings or in hopes of ending police crackdowns on the uprisings?
Isn't the Dalai Lama supposed to be the reincarnated leader of Buddhism?

How do you "resign" from that?  I mean, if they want another Lama while he's still alive, isn't that kind of contrary to the whole reincarnation thing?
[deleted]
That's exactly what Gandhi used to do FOR the British to contain Indian masses in the Indian Independence movement.
maybe resign is code word for suicide?
but then he'll be reborn!

 THERE'S NO WAY OUT!

Perhaps he'll start acting in an unacceptable fashion? Eating only at steakhouses and slapping the waiters to start
[deleted]
Are you [just lazy](http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=cia%20fund%20dalai%20lama) or do you prefer the bliss of ignorance? Maybe just a little embarrassed at being caught out again supporting brutal dictators?

Where you you think the money for the exiled government comes from? They have international offices and he is jetted around the world. The money also used to be used to fund terrorist operations (sorry, "freedom fighting") against the Chinese.
[deleted]
[deleted]
The Twelfth son of the Lama; the flowing robes, the grace, bald... striking. So i'm on the first tee with him, I give him the driver; he hauls off and whacks one - big hitter, the Lama - long...into a ten thousand foot crevasse right at the base of this glacier. Do you know what the Lama says: (pause) 'Gunga Galunga... gunga, gunga-lagunga.' So we finish the 18th and he's gonna stiff me. And I say, 'Hey, Lama, hey. How about a little something, you know, for the effort, you know?' And he says, 'Oh, uh, there won't be any money. But when you die, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness.' So i've got THAT going for me. Which is nice.
he wont (and cant :-)) "resign" as the dalai lama but as the leader of the tibetans.
Some more info [source](http://www.dissidentvoice.org/Articles9/Parenti_Tibet.htm)

&gt; Until 1959, when the Dalai Lama last presided over Tibet, most of the arable land was still organized into religious or secular manorial estates worked by serfs. Even a writer like Pradyumna Karan, sympathetic to the old order, admits that "a great deal of real estate belonged to the monasteries, and most of them amassed great riches. . . . In addition, individual monks and lamas were able to accumulate great wealth through active participation in trade, commerce, and money lending." [8] Drepung monastery was one of the biggest landowners in the world, with its 185 manors, 25,000 serfs, 300 great pastures, and 16,000 herdsmen. The wealth of the monasteries went to the higher-ranking lamas, many of them scions of aristocratic families, while most of the lower clergy were as poor as the peasant class from which they sprang. 

snip

&gt; He himself was a victim of repeated childhood rape not long after he was taken into the monastery at age nine. [12] The monastic estates also conscripted peasant children for lifelong servitude as domestics, dance performers, and soldiers.

&gt; In 1953, the greater part of the rural population---some 700,000 of an estimated total population of 1,250,000---were serfs. Tied to the land, they were allotted only a small parcel to grow their own food. Serfs and other peasants generally went without schooling or medical care. They spent most of their time laboring for the monasteries and individual high-ranking lamas, or for a secular aristocracy that numbered not more than 200 families. In effect, they were owned by their masters who told them what crops to grow and what animals to raise. They could not get married without the consent of their lord or lama. A serf might easily be separated from his family should the owner send him to work in a distant location. Serfs could be sold by their masters, or subjected to torture and death.

&gt; The third time I was already fifteen and they gave me fifty heavy lashes, with two men sitting on me, one on my head and one on my feet. Blood came then from my nose and mouth. The overseer said: "This is only blood from the nose; maybe you take heavier sticks and bring some blood from the brain." They beat then with heavier sticks and poured alcohol and water with caustic soda on the wounds to make more pain. I passed out for two hours. 

Don't assume that because they claim to be buddhists that they actually practice it.
The Dalai Lama: "If someone has a gun and is trying to kill you, it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun." (May 15, 2001)
[More info here.](http://www.historynet.com/magazines/military_history/3025986.html)
A personal attack on Tenzin Gyatso himself isn't really fair; he was a teenager when he actually came to power, and in his early 20s when he lost it to the Chinese (if that), and he'd presumably been indoctrinated from the age of two to believing in the Tibetan system.

Given that he's basically spent his entire life in exile in relatively liberal nations and hasn't personally been involved in the brutality of the old regime, I don't see it as reasonable to question his own motives in the Free Tibet movement.
From the article:

&gt; The Dalai Lama owes his position to being
&gt; identified as the reincarnation of the previous
&gt; spiritual leader. Is it not clear what would
&gt; happen if he were to give up his authority.

That's why I was confused.  It doesn't talk about him resigning as some kind of political head of state.

It's not important, really, he's probably bluffing.
Agreed. However, the name "Free Tibet" irks me because it really means "Let us enslave Tibet again". It's the theological government that's messed up, as it is in any country that chooses to govern the same way.
[deleted]
Sure. If your assumption of Buddhists inherent "goodness" is enough to continue those beliefs then don't let me stop you.

You know that various buddhist sects have been at war with each other over the centuries? Ultimately they are all men and subject to the evils of man as much as you or I. 

edit: what about the citations in that article?
[deleted]
&gt; But that is a far far cry from a 'brutal dictator'.

No democracy, no rights, land grabs, suppression of the population, torture of dissidents. In what way is his former regime *not* a brutal dictatorship?

&gt; But I would rather side with the guy who publicly calls for peace and nonviolence

In theory yes. And to be honest if they did get back in control of Tibet they probably would be a lot more civilized now with the world watching. This is my hope for China come the Olympics, the country has potential if they can just get rid of their backwards leadership. 

&gt; I would also give the benefit of the doubt to such a person rather than a government known to subjugate and torture.

Funny, I was thinking the same thing. The Tibetans welcomed the Chinese when they took over from the religious theocracy. Who was known to subjugate and torture.
He is threatening to resign as the leader of Tibet's government in exile, not as a spiritual leader.

As an analogy, the Pope could resign as ruler of the sovereign state of Vatican City while remaining the head of the Catholic Church.
The former. It appears that if the Tibetan people choose violence to achieve their ends, then the Dalai Lama wants no part of it.
Well, regardless of all the various facts and fiction, views and opinion.

Do you believe the current man known as the [Dali Lama](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tenzin_Gyatso_14th_Dalai_Lama)
To be a 'brutal dictator'?
Would you prefer the Chinese rule to a Buddhist one?
[deleted]
&gt; Do you believe the current man known as the Dali Lama To be a 'brutal dictator'?

No, he got cheated of that chance when he was kicked out. Most of his predecessors were, those that were not tended to be murdered and replaced by those that were.

&gt; Would you prefer the Chinese rule to a Buddhist one?

Well, the Tibetans did in the 50s when they welcomed the Chinese.
the fool, hes playing into their game.
wait....how can you resign from being the chosen one?

WWND
[deleted]
The trouble is, if a successor is not chosen while he's still alive, the Chinese will just pick one and indoctrinate him (like they did with the Panchen Lama) to help quell the rebellion.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8FMNtTw24o

Summary:
The Dalai Llama does not advocate violence.
&gt; Would you prefer the Chinese rule to a Buddhist one?
he wont (and cant :-)) "resign" as the dalai lama but as the leader of the tibetans.
Would you prefer the Chinese rule to a Buddhist one?
A "free" Tibet does not include the Dalai Lama.
And I say, 'Hey, Lama, hey.
&gt; Do you believe the current man known as the Dali Lama To be a 'brutal dictator'?
The Tibetans welcomed the Chinese when they took over from the religious theocracy.
How do you "resign" from that?
Well, the Tibetans did in the 50s when they welcomed the Chinese.
That's why I was confused.
it is obvious chinese propaganda to say that the dalai llama organized these uprisings.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
