Original Response:
&gt; Captain Doug Maughan, who has 28 years' flying experience, including 15 years with BA, says that derogatory remarks about race by his colleagues are so common they are treated as normal.

LOL is this any real surprise?  A bunch of white people being racist - stop the presses.
[deleted]
What's the skin colour of a troll?
What a pussy.  God forbid someone say "coon" or "raghead."
Yeah, we should have had this attitude throughout history.

Take those lynchings like men, don't complain!
what a pussy
From what I heard, it's all said behind their backs.  Free speech, you whiny mother fucker.
I've made this comment without reading the article.

I'm a rebel.
&gt; Mr Maughan alleges that racism is a "generational" problem – common among middle-aged pilots, but rare among younger pilots.

And that's really the only way to truly beat racism; you pretty much have to wait the racists out - once they're retired or dead, the majority of the pilots will no longer tolerate that shit and the few young ones who still want to act that way will no longer feel like they can get away with it.
No one is suggesting criminal penalties, so Free Speech is not relevant.
What is wrong is needing to categorize and dislike people based on such superficial categories as skin color or geographic origin.
It's completely relevant to the complaint of the pilot.  Don't try to sensor what someone else can say.  End of story.
*laughing* That isn't the US, speech in the workplace isn't censorship, and yeah, learn how to spell.
the holocaust, 9/11, 7/7 and the iraq war victims deserved everything they got, it's all said behind their backs. Free speech, you whiny mother fucker.
Except it's never about trivial things like that but real, cultural differences.  

I would call a white man a nigger if he was from Africa and acted like a savage.
I did spell it wrong. Hmmm.

*slapping my knee in laughter*

Not the point, though.  What does it matter if it's in the U.S. or not (yeah, and learn how to abbreviate country codes...we English speaking folk use "periods" to separate them).

It's still a civilized country with free speech laws.  That's what I'm talking about...not your non-sequitur, relating two things that haven't even been put in the same sentence in my, or anyone else's, earlier posts.
start with yourself using that label
"said"?  I don't think "gassing", and "collateral damage" actually "say" anything.  They're simply a visual medium.....you whiny mother fucker.
waiting out the racist would mean putting up with it during my lifetime. i rather not.
Do you know what free speech laws are for? They're to prevent government from infringing upon your speech. They have nothing to do with a business infringing upon your speech while you are at work.
So, you're saying that if you own a business, you can create "inner-company laws" that go against the laws of the country?  Wow.  I'm going to start my own company up so I can murder, rape and steal from people.  It'll be great...and best of all, it'll be TOTALLY LEGAL!

My whole point is this; WHO CARES WHAT PEOPLE SAY?  It is NONE of my business if you call me a nigger, chink, spic, heeb, rag-head or any other racist name...as long as it is done behind my back.
"In August 2005, the catering firm Gate Gourmet, which wanted redundancies among its full-time staff, brought in 130 temporary staff to handle the holiday workload. The firm's 600 staff went out on unofficial strike, and were sacked. About 1,000 BA staff walked out in sympathy.As a result, 900 flights were grounded and BA lost £45m."

Oh goodness.
Oh the humanity.
Obviously, going on strike to support fellow employees is racist and bigoted.
If you own a business, you can restrict what your employees say while they're on the clock, yes.

Whether or not it's my business what someone calls me, that sort of thing is important to me when I choose what airline to give my money to.
I absolutely agree with it being your choice on who you give your money to.  I don't agree with your idea that a company can restrict ANYTHING you say while on the clock.  Co-workers are allowed to converse with each other and interact as a part of their work environment.  What they say when they make "idle chatter" is up to them.  If people don't want to hear it, they can tell the person they don't want to hear it...but that is where it ends.
They were just mentioning other troubles BA has been through for the sake of establishing some context.
I didn't say it was a very good solution; I just said that it's the only one that's been shown to work. In the meantime, we can try to force the old racist pilots to keep it to themselves, but they'll still feel the same way, and now they'll start to feel justified about it.
so killing people because of racism is not ok but allowing the racism that could lead up to the violence is..............you've done it again sherlock
Actually, I can tell my employees not to discuss whatever I want while they're at work. I can tell them not to speak a word. They can only get breaktime and lunch to have discussions.
Wow, a lot of opinion here downmoded to oblivion! Older people are more set in their ways as will younger people be when they reach that age. Change, imposed by government edict, is to blame. Instead of encouraging debate on what western societies want their nations to be like in fifty years, an elite has seized the agenda and legislated what people are expected to accept and embrace. It's a recipe for explosive social reaction if hard times roll in.
I agree.  There's nothing wrong with fighting racism here and now...in fact there's everything right with it...but time is the only cure.  I remember being 12 and being exposed to anti-semitism for the first time, and simply not understanding it at all.  'Wait, you don't like these people *why*?'.  Hopefully, my children will feel the same way about race.
Waiting for the truth to go away doesn't make the truth go away.
"..when a fellow flight officer complained that there were too many Asians in Britain."

Saying there are too many Asians in Britan is not racism, it's an opinion on immigration policy.

In the article there is no example of actual racism in action.
The only thing that happened was his coworkers used language he disagreed with and then the reporter slapped a story about some problem with a Nigerian which also had nothing to do with his race.

These people trying to "beat" racism seem to be just full of themselves and with very vague ideas about what to call racism.
&gt;So, you're saying that if you own a business, you can create "inner-company laws" that go against the laws of the country?

Depends on the country. In the U.S. you can't allow a workplace that is hostile or racially discriminatory.
I never said killing people because of racism is "not okay".  Some people find it down right gratifying.  The only way violence can "escalate" would be if there were two sides fighting.  If someone calls someone a "nigger" and that black person gets in the person's face and that person shoots them...it is their fault.  They could have chosen to ignore the comment.  They didn't and they paid with their life.  Without the person taking offense and confronting their "name caller" they'd still be alive.  Don't whine to me.
ok a lot of this is bad but some of it isn't totally evil.

I think the UK DOES have too many immigrants. That's not racism, it's logic. We have more people than we can care for.

We have 60 million people plus in an island smaller than the state of new york. Please try to understand how dense the population is squeezed in like sardines - high levels of immigration will make this worse. I'm cool for anyone of any colour to be here, but not too many of any of them.

We can't be expected to host every desperate person in the world because nobody else has the decency to. We should ALL take the responsibilty for immigrants in europe, not just dump them all on the old welfare state.
*laughs*

Please kid, I know 10 years olds who are more racist than that article.

Where do you live? Not somewhere where races mix much I guess. Racism is not going to die in the next few years any more than murdering will. This problem is a lot more complex then you think, and it isn't all black and white. It's all murky grey. (no pun intended)
Well, no offence but I think the palestinians hate the jews because they keep murdering them, and vice versa.

All races can be racist and evil. The face of racism isn't just one white man with his boot on a negro mate.

Google 'dalits'.
Wait, you're against racism but you're for homophobia?
Google 'dalits'.

Please.
We don't have free speech in the UK.

Not all laws of the world follow American laws.
We english speaking folk from ENGLAND call them full stops.

No, we have no free speech laws. In fact, speeches that incite racial hatred get you sent to prison here.

I don't agree with that law, but it is our law.
...

You don't happen to be Darth Vader do you?

No offence, but I am very glad I don't work for you.
Oh, would the laws be different if you worked for someone else?

CAN is a very specific word.
?

I'm allowed to talk to colleagues at work, yes.
Why don't you go back and read what I said again?
You said that you could shit on your workers if you wanted. My boss isn't allowed to do that.

Again, I am very glad I don't work for you.
If you're in the United States, your boss is allowed to do a lot more than you think. It's still your choice to work for him, but it's his choice to fire you if you violate the rules he sets.

And again, I don't do these things, I just know what's legal.
I live in England - thank god for that.
Um... under employment law in the UK, your speech can be significantly more restricted by your employer. And the government. Those people on the lawn across from the houses of parliament? You realize they're only there because they're grandfathered in, right?
I've never been seriously punished for talking to my co workers on the job in any job. I can talk and work at the same time.
[deleted]
You can't imagine jobs in which talking would affect the work?
It really depends on what you do but unless you are doing some very dangerous or serious I don't see how most people couldn't do two things at once.
Communications? Public outreach? You can't imagine why saying certain things would be restrictable here?
As I said, if it was dangerous or serious.

Most jobs however are just menial labour.
So, you see why employers have that right?
In certain situations yes - some places don't let you work without a mask either but it wouldn't be good if EVERY job made you wear a facemask.

Blanket rules suck.
And I bring you back to my original comment.

Employers CAN.

Summary:
'Wait, you don't like these people *why*?'.
I don't agree with that law, but it is our law.
I can talk and work at the same time.
We don't have free speech in the UK.
No, we have no free speech laws.
We have more people than we can care for.
Why don't you go back and read what I said again?
I never said killing people because of racism is "not okay".
It's still a civilized country with free speech laws.
I did spell it wrong.
Oh, would the laws be different if you worked for someone else?
Don't try to sensor what someone else can say.
I'm allowed to talk to colleagues at work, yes.
Free speech, you whiny mother fucker.
They have nothing to do with a business infringing upon your speech while you are at work.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
