Original Response:
First part is bullshit. He never denied the holocaust. As for the second part, sounds like a typical redditor.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You're absolutely right, he never denied the holocaust [here](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4527142.stm)  or [here](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/09/24/AR2007092401042_pf.html)
 or [here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykd-syzZ4ZY)

and it his holocaust denial sure hasn't been analyzed [here](http://www.meforum.org/article/1704)

Moron.
He did deny holocaust, and even you denying it won't change that fact.
The Pharisees caused their own people to be gassed in the millions during WW2, the gassings were selective, only some Jews were gassed. 

Witness Moshe Dyan Kaplan’s testimony, that his Amsterdam family emerging unscathed, his claim to be a Pharisee and his contempt for those Jews who were gassed, Cheesies he called them. 

Then witness the testimony of a Jewish lady from Budapest, arrested in 1944 by a Jew member of Horsha, the Hungarian thug police, and deported to Auschwitz.

She was the only member of her family to survive that place, and as a resident of Sydney in the 1990’s told an Australian television reporter, that the Jew who arrested her was living a few doors up on the same street in Sydney. 

This was Katherine Schweitzer, last seen alive 22 December 2006. Found murdered 28 December 2006, four weeks after I published her story 30 November 2006.
What a lowlife piece of lying scum.
Moshe Kaplan was a pilot who had served in the RAAF in WW2 who had known Bomber Harris, the British commander of the air raid on Dresden in 1945, and had flown on that mission. After the war he had flown Lockheed Electra’s for KLM in Holland and for Lufthansa. 

He was the son of a well established Jewish family with antecedents in Johannesburg South Africa, in Amsterdam and in Western Australia. Later he was a pilot in New Guinea and dabbled in pawnbroking. 

He was the image of the actor who played Emmanuel Goldstein in Michael Radford’s 1984 movie 1984, starring John Hurt and Richard Burton, when I confronted him with that and asked him how Radford had obtained the footage, and under what circumstances it had been shot, he was unforthcoming and seemed amused. 

He told me that after the war he had returned to Amsterdam, and basically took up where he had left off before hostilities. My response was that it must have been heart rending to go back to his European residence, which must have been empty rooms and deserted halls, since Hitler’s men had their way. He said no… that it was good, I said sure, but what about all his friends and rellies… he said they were fine. 

I said that they could not have been fine, since Hitler had the whole lot of them rounded up and sent to Auschwitz, indeed The Diary of Anne Frank, a tale of oppression of Jews by the Nazi’s was set in Amsterdam, and Stanley Kramer’s great movie Ship of Fools, based on the true story of Jews fleeing the Nazi’s, had its culmination in that city where the ship finally docked, after being turned away from Havana Cuba and from New York. The passengers themselves speedily transported to Auschwitz, gas and death.

Moshe nodded sagely, he said that my understanding of the Jews was not all that it might be, he told me that he was indeed a Pharisee, and that the Jews of Amsterdam, as depicted for instance in The Diary of Anne Frank, were although Jews, not in the same category as him. 

They were he told me, called Cheesies, since their diet consisted largely of that product, and yes they were missing from the community, and that was because they had indeed been gassed at Auschwitz. He gave me to understand that as far as he was concerned they were neither missed nor mourned.

Look then at The Holocaust as being a collaboration of high ranking Pharisee Jews, who provided the finance, the uniforms and the marching songs, and the Nazi’s who would do the dirty work, to reduce the number of those Jews who might, if they had the numbers, declare the day of the Pharisee at an end. And to clean up any racial minority or dissident group who were perceived as a threat, or were seen as capable of being a threat, some time in the future. 

Thus the commo’s, pamphleteers, whacko’s, crazies, and the lunatic fringe were all bundled in with the Cheesies, Gypsies, Russians and Poles and in Hitler’s words exterminated. After each phase of dirty work proceeded in a master plan devised by the Pharisees, the thugs that had carried the dirty deeds were themselves murdered. 

Ernst Rohm, murdered with numerous of his thug mates in The Night of the Long Knives massacre in June 1934, was leader of the thug SA movement, the bully boys who did the hands on jobs of thuggery, the scabs of their day. 

Witness the 1929 murder of numerous members of the Gasfitters Union in Germany, deeds that were done to empower the Nazi’s after they had emerged as a political force with Hitler at their helm in the late 1920’s, murdering, bashing, extorting, and thugging their way along until the Nazi’s were the dominant political force, gaining absolute power in 1933.

The relationship with Moshe Kaplan had run its course by the mid 1980’s; it was in many ways similar to the relationship between Rod Steiger in the title role, and Jaime Sanchez as Jesus Ortega, in Sydney Lumet’s great 1964 film The Pawnbroker, thus does life imitate art. He visited me in hospital after antisocial scab elements had driven a dockyard crane at me, while I was union delegate at Cairncross Dock in 1984, severing four toes on my right foot, and was kind toward my sister and her infant child in 1985.

I left that address in ’86, in subsequent enquiries those that knew him were uncertain, and given his at least moderately advanced years, one supposed the worst. 

Until the television news one evening in 1993, had a report from Israel, of a violation by Israel, of deal extensively negotiated by Scandinavian peacemakers, that was to guarantee the at least limited withdrawal of Israeli forces from the city of Hebron. Moshe Dyan Kaplan was visible in a group of similarly attired Jews who were, to their credit, witnesses of Israeli treachery.
Go to sleep, and don't wake up
Fritz-Harry Cremer is, I suspect, a Mossad agent and executioner responsible for the death of Ms Schweitzer.

Were the world wide Jewish community up to it, they would be as one with me in demanding the Australian Government produce some answers.

As of this date there has been zero response except scorn, so either the J's are for justice in the matter of her death or against it, we see by the lack of similar response they are happy with the status quo, ie Jews who talk Holocaust truth get murdered.
Seen your vet lately?
I present evidence of culpability in genocide and Jew murder, and all you do is come up with one liners, surely identifies you as no Jew at all...

Sephardic Jews number around seven percent of the total, the remainder are The Ashkenazi a tribe from Kazakhstan who converted en masse to Judah, when their King espoused that religion in 740 AD. 

The Zionazi, an extreme sect of the Ashkenazi then usurped the function of the Jewish faith, firstly by establishing themselves as Scribes and Pharisees and lording it over the rest, brutally repressing more moderate elements with pogrom and persecution. Eventually gassing all and any opposition in The Holocaust, then establishing the rogue Modern State of Israel.

Bad people surely but not bad Jews, since they are not Jews at all but are worshipers of Arion the Horse God, offspring of the violent and incestuous union between Poseidon and Demeter his beautiful sister.

He had conceived a lust for her, and knowing she would assume the shape of a beautiful mare to gallop across the Earth, he sent spies to watch her. When they reported to him that she was in this form, he changed himself into a stallion and raped her. 

The fierce eye of the Quarter Horse is the inheritance of Arion.

Jew history reveals the Scribes and Pharisees of Jesus day were themselves corrupt, who took umbrage at Jesus claim that they were plunderers who were using the mores and traditions of Judah for evil purposes. Claims that DNA evidence has linked the Jews of Jesus era to the modern Ashkenazi, only means that the Khazar infiltration of Judah has been going on a lot longer than the date of 740 AD, usually given as the time of the Khazar conversion. 

This writer suggests that the Jew residence in Babylon documented in The Bible was the first contact between Jew and Khazar, and it was during this era that enterprising Khazars recognized then took advantage of the vulnerability of Judah, to infiltration and control.

My purpose is to liberate the Jews from Khazar oppression, and in that respect more so resemble The Golem than any fictional character.
You present no evidence, but copy/pasting bs hateful propaganda. I'm sure you forgot the pills your vet proscribed you. Now really, stop breathing, it will be the best contribution to humanity you can possibly make
"...You present no evidence, but ...hateful propaganda ...stop breathing will be the best contribution to humanity you can possibly make."

You are a Talmudist no doubt.

Benjamin Freedman Quotes The Talmud …non Jews rank as animals… they have no property rights… no legal rights under any code whatsoever… even the best among the Gentiles deserves to be killed… a Jew may lie and perjure to condemn a Christian… their possessions are like unclaimed land in the desert… theft from a Gentile by an Israelite may be retained… the seed of a Christian is of no more value than that of a beast… a Jew may lie and perjure to condemn a Christian… the name of God is not profaned when lying to Christians… do not save Christians in danger of death… Jews must always try to deceive Christians…those who do good to Christians will never rise from the dead… extermination of Christians is a necessary sacrifice… the Christian birthrate must be materially diminished… Abortion Abortion Abortion

The irony is that the Talmudists are not even Jews at all... the Ashkenazi who established TMOS Israel, were a tribe of horse breeders from Khazakstan in Central Asia who converted to Judah en masse in 740 AD. 

It was the Ashkenazi who caused the Holocaust to reduce the number of those J's who opposed Zionist plans to go ahead and establish the State of Israel.

As soon as they got to the Middle East in 1948, they infected large numbers of Sepphardic Jewish children, who are the real Jews mentioned in The Bible, with disease.

They are Godless, and although they have hijacked Judah and go thru the rites of that religion, at least for public view, the Ashkenazi have demonstrated their utter contempt of the Judah and Biblical prophesy, by being so bold as to establish MSO Israel, in defiance of the edict contained in the Pentateuch, more familiar to Christians and Moslems as the first five books of the Bible, that says The Messiah will do that in his own good time.

Look for a secret Bilderberg type clone group, that instead of the Owl Deity has Equine Manifestation as it’s theme, check membership lists and report that J’s thus identified are the Core of Zion, people breeders as well as horsemen and slaveholders.

See if these same Horse worshippers have links to internet porn and snuff images, and as many as fifty young women from the former Soviet Republics turning up dead on the outskirts of a Russian city this year.
There are more brains in the snail excrement than in your head. Seriously, visit your vet, get your regular pills and crawl back to your cave.

Summary:
He never denied the holocaust.
Eventually gassing all and any opposition in The Holocaust, then establishing the rogue Modern State of Israel.
It was the Ashkenazi who caused the Holocaust to reduce the number of those J's who opposed Zionist plans to go ahead and establish the State of Israel.
"...You present no evidence, but ...hateful propaganda ...stop breathing will be the best contribution to humanity you can possibly make."
He told me that after the war he had returned to Amsterdam, and basically took up where he had left off before hostilities.
Moshe Dyan Kaplan was visible in a group of similarly attired Jews who were, to their credit, witnesses of Israeli treachery.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
