Original Response:
that's not really true, they don't go to "boycott" the olympics, they just didn't plan to go.
This of course produces the exactly opposite effect from the intention: Anyone who has had enough conversations with Chinese people knows that they are excited about the Olympics and do not view it through political goggles. Germany boycotting the Olympic ceremony is considered anti-Chinese and an insult, as opposed to an expression in support of democracy. It enrages the Chinese population with anti-German sentiments and makes them even more supportive of their government
Please read your news before you post it. The fact that Merkel isn't going to be at the opening ceremony can be described as a semi-boycott at best.

["Berlin says Merkel never had any intention to attend"](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,2144,3223990,00.html)
Ironic, the first leader with the balls to do it.
Once again, get your news from somewhere other than Reddit.  Both Tusk of Poland, and Klaus of the Czech Republic have said they will "boycott" the opening ceremonies (as opposed to merely reiterating no intention to attend in the first place).
Then tht is the burden we shall have to bear.

I have been to China a couple of times.  I know what you say to be partially true.  More true, however, is that the average Chinese is uneducated and uninterested in what goes on outside their country.

Perhaps the Chinese people need to feel a bit more insult. Maybe then they will not put up with lack of freedoms and human rights.
[deleted]
Yes, just like the way Germans felt humiliated because of Treaty of Versailles and then rose the......................

Not very hard to understand.
Yeah you can go ahead down vote me without a rational reason in reply.
But that's exactly what I am saying: The average Chinese will not link a boycott with "freedoms." The average Chinese will think that a boyscott is a just a link in a long chain of sino-phobic activity that dates back to the 19th century. "It is through working hard and supporting our government that we will build a new China that does not have to bow to western powers"
Pfft, Human Right. That is for Rest of the World.

We get what the party think is going to be good for our children.
When future is bright, who the fuck cares about the present ?
Damn. You know its bad with the Germans take the high ground.
No leader in the world will every recognise Tibet, because almost every large powerful nation will have separatist. And that will mean many more countries in the world.

But what is happening in Tibet, is not needed. China could have handled it with much more equanimity.

And not participating with one reason or other but still saying it is not because of Tibet, is all the world leaders can do.

So can more than others.

But there is little world can do if Chinese people themselves do not think that their government acted rather aggressively.

If you will try to make me forget my language, religion, god and make me minority in my own land. I will feel angry and will show anger even if it is going to be for the last time.

And Chinese friends should know, if the current situation can make Han people more nationalistic, then Tibetan wont react in a different way.

And maybe what have not happened in last 70 years, may not happen in hundred more years. 

So you are making many Tibetans not to feel and act like a Chinese.

And don't tell me that Tibet is much better because now they are under you rather than the Dalai. 50 years back my country was not as good as it is today, and also the fact that all that is happening in Tibet today (with Dalai outside &amp; with Chinese having direct control) contradicts with the point many chinese people make in here.

Just love then and treat them the way you (Han) are treated, and let them have  distinct cultural identity.
You call that a boycott?

Now [THIS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soviet-led_boycott_of_the_1984_Summer_Olympics) is a boycott.

I know a good many countries that should be doing the same thing this time around.
This is very true. I don't think most people here understand the Chinese view of the West. Boycotting the Olympics will send a VERY different signal to the Chinese than the one the West intends.
Awww, socialists and communists fighting, can't we all just share everything and get along?
Blogspam. Actual article [here](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/mar/29/germany.olympicgames2008)
The point of the boycott is not to help the Chinese who are too dumb to know what's going on.
Whether Chinese are dumb, I will let history to decide. The POINT is that the boycott will not work and it's only making matters worse
Sorry, I guess the way I said it was ambiguous: The Chinese are not all dumb, but the ones I was referring to are (not because they're Chinese...they're just dumb).

Your reasons seem good, I think you're right about how the boycott will affect those particular Chinese.
Yea ok, give me all your stuff and I'll help distribute it.
Correct, Hitler was a National SOCIALIST. What is amazing is that Churchill spent a million lives and billions of dollars fighting national socialists then a few years after the war the Brits become socialists.
Churchill spent?

I think you meant Britain spent.
Don't forget FDR's "NEW DEAL". Amazing how all three had the exact same ideology.

I love H.G. Wells

http://books.google.com/books?hl=en&amp;id=hzpR2uASeT8C&amp;dq=new+world+order+well
YEAH! Not so militarized now are ya!?
First you need to elect Obama or Hillary.
It's not going to make a measurable difference, but I canceled a 1 k$ order on Chinese bamboo flooring, and went with a more expensive domestic producer instead.

Hit them where it hurts. Don't buy anything made in China, until the country is civilized.
I wish we could send Ferkel to China, with a one-way ticket. She's not too old to have some harvestable organs.
But ends do not justify the means. 
If your party is shutting out information they don't like or disagree with, how is that better or good for your children's future? 
If your government is not concerned with enforcing labor laws that make work environments safe, how is the better or good for your children's future? 
If your government is more concerned with profits than its people, how is that better for your children's future? 
If your government actively silences those who disagree with them, how is this better for your children? 
If your government is not looking into better energy and pollution controls, how is this better for your children?
This does not lead to a bright future for China. I know that this may seem like Western ideas, but they are human ideas, they are global ideas. If China wants to be a global super-power, part of this has to do with how the country treats it's people and the countries it interacts with. Censoring the people or isolating the people only serves to keep Chinese people from revolting. And now the world is seeing this firsthand with the Tibetan independence movement. We learn from the past to make present decisions that will shape the future of China. If you don't care about the present decisions, then you are doomed to repeat the mistakes of the past in the future.
I love Polish and Czech people, they TRULY hate COMMUNISTS.
&gt;*What is amazing is that Churchill spent a million lives and billions of dollars fighting national socialists then a few years after the war the Brits become socialists.*

Jeez, this is like *1066 and all that* without the humour.
Said Chinese people need to stop their government from being jackasses.
[deleted]
I did as you asked.  Didn't want to but if it makes you happy...
where are you from? better not be some white country because you are far from civilized. white companies are all over the damn world using slave labor and they have been since they came out the caves 1 thousand years ago so stfu.
the only countries that are even discussing a boycott are the most hypocritical, aka the white countries. cant stand that china is getting uppity.
great job!!!

the Olympics SHOULD be used for political gain.....
Dude, are you drinking too much coffee ?

Read other posts of mine in this story, I was being sarcastic.

But dude, it does not matter what we think Chinese people don't have sympathy for the dead Tibetans, they would rather trust their Government than this :-

http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/IMAGES/Chinese-soldiers-posing-riot-monks-1.jpg
&gt; average Chinese is uneducated and uninterested in what goes on outside their country.

The average citizen anywhere is like this.
&gt; The point of the boycott is not to help the Chinese who are too dumb to know what's going on.

Then what's the point?  To satisfy your hypocritical white ego?
&gt; Said Chinese people need to stop their government from being jackasses.

Do said Americans and Europeans need to do the same thing to, or are white people exempt from that sort of thing?
Those governments aren't nearly as bad as the government of china.
Who told you that?  CNN?  Fox?
Nothing I said was racist, dumbass.

The point of the boycott is to remove our support for the corrupt, evil government.  The thoughts of any Chinese who are too stupid to know what's going on are either irrelevant to our goal or part of the problem.
No.  Reality told me that.

Tell you what - you go protest the leaders of china and I will go protest the American president.

Something tells me if you do that it will be years, if ever, that I hear from you again.
[deleted]
[deleted]
white people
[deleted]
yall were late to the party...real late, yall also got some Neanderthal blood with all the monkey fucking.
&gt; Something tells me if you do that it will be years, if ever, that I hear from you again.

And who is it that told you that?

Which country has locked up a higher percentage of citizens?  Which country has locked up a larger number of citizens?

I'll tell you what - try being black and poor in the wrong neighborhood when a bunch of white cops come by.  Because that's exactly what incited the LA riots of the 90's, and guess what - white cops came in and cracked down in full riot gear, juts like the Chinese are doing to the tibetans right now.  But somehow that's different, right, because the niggers were getting uppity?  Hypocrite.

Or try being an ethnically Japanese American citizen during the 40s.  Yeah, that's right, round 'em up and put 'em in camps because you don't like the color of their skin.  Isn't that right? 

Or try being an Arab American and waking up in Guantanamo with a wet rag shoved down your throat and a gun to your head.  Doesn't matter, because national security is at risk, right?

Or try being North Vietnamese and minding your own damn business and try to ignore those B-52s that juts leveled your village and murdered your entire family.  Doesn't matter, because that threatens the stability of your nation, right?

Or just try being Iraqi.

You fucking hypocrite whiteboys never get it.  You're so quick to blame, yet so slow to analyze and look at yourself in the mirror.  And don't even try to tell me you aren't white, because in my time on earth the only people I've ever seen be such huge hypocrites are white Americans.

Fix your own government first you brainwashed cheerleading fuckface.
What follows is a list of things you do not know about me.

The colour of my skin.
My race.
My gender.
Yet you make all sorts of statements based on NO/ZERO/ZIP/NULL information.

You should also not that I am not the one defending any government.  Look back over your posts and read them and you will see that you are the one defending the chinese.


Or is your reality so simple that saying that X is bad automatically means that Y is good?
&gt; What follows is a list of things you do not know about me.

LOL I don't know, but you do, and you also know I'm right.
Isn't Merkel that black kid from Family Matters?
I reckon neo-con Merkel is a clone of Cheney in drag.
[deleted]
I also believe neo-con Sarkozy to be a clone of Mr Potato Head. Judged by the photo of him posted here some days ago.
*Must not make reference to the Nazi olympics and the fact nobody had the balls to boycott them in the west* (mostly)

Damn you Godwin!
[deleted]
average citizen in China lives in poverty. The 2 dont compare.
According to wikipedia the poverty rate in China was 8% in 2001.

"Finish your beans, Johnnie, There are starving kids in China" ... let me guess, your mom told you this every day of your life when growing up, and you never bothered to step into the 21st century?
The per capita of China is 6,000 USD. Which is below the poverty line. 

I'd like to know where you got your obviously fake stats.
6,000 USD is below the poverty line in America, it's not in China.  Learn the meaning of purchasing power parity.

Look at wikipedia for the stats, you fucking goon.
Poverty line is the same for all modern OECD countries.

Whether you want to distinguish the poor from the lesser poor, the reality is China is a 3rd world country.
&gt; Poverty line is the same for all modern OECD countries.

Right, and China isn't in the OECD.  You just contradicted yourself.
Think about it china man.
I'm thinking one step ahead of you, white boy.
maybe you should look up the term poverty.

Summary:
The point of the boycott is not to help the Chinese who are too dumb to know what's going on.
&gt; The point of the boycott is not to help the Chinese who are too dumb to know what's going on.
I don't think most people here understand the Chinese view of the West.
Right, and China isn't in the OECD.
And that will mean many more countries in the world.
Said Chinese people need to stop their government from being jackasses.
You should also not that I am not the one defending any government.
&gt; Said Chinese people need to stop their government from being jackasses.
But that's exactly what I am saying: The average Chinese will not link a boycott with "freedoms."
average citizen in China lives in poverty.
I have been to China a couple of times.
I know a good many countries that should be doing the same thing this time around.
And who is it that told you that?
If your government is more concerned with profits than its people, how is that better for your children's future?
I know what you say to be partially true.
The POINT is that the boycott will not work and it's only making matters worse.
So you are making many Tibetans not to feel and act like a Chinese.
Think about it china man.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
