Original Response:
yet another reason never to ride continental.
It looks like Continentals trying to "game the system" in using the 757 for it's near-maximum range flight profile.  This "built-in" issue means that the crew can reliably call "Minimum fuel" and thus get on the ground before other equally-deserving airliners.  A possible solution (if this is indeed a real problem) it to fine the airline a meaningful amount to make the longest-range flights economically disadvantageous, and thereby induce Continental to use (acquire) longer-range aircraft for some of these routes.  But I'd recommend using the fines only in those cases where Continental declares minimum fuel way too much.
It's not the craft, it's the policy. They're not fully filling the fuel tanks.
Where in the article (or elsewhere) does it say that?
I agree on the gaming the system thing, and a penalty probably would be a good incentive.  But I didn't see anything saying that the were using the wrong planes.  I wonder if they check how much fuel is in the planes after they declare a fuel issue.  Maybe the pilots are just gaming the system to get quicker arrivals.
"Several employee bulletins dug up by the FAA show that Continental management was concerned by the number of fuel stops pilots were making on international flights into Newark, at one point going so far as to connect the costs of unnecessary refueling with profit sharing and pension funding."

There are other references to this:
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/24034468/
They never fill the tanks completely. Each flight has just enough fuel to get there plus a safety margin. There is no sense in wasting more fuel to carry the weight of unneeded fuel.  Much like race car driving really.
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/24034468/

You're right! No sense at all.
Ahhh but they're lighter so they get home faster, right?  .... RIGHT?!
&gt;FAA found all of them in compliance with this rule -- on average they had 64 minutes of fuel remaining.

Do we need to panic yet?
(btw, that isn't me downmodding you, I find your comments straightforward and enlightening).

It does seem that those articles are showing that airlines are putting some pressure to get pilots to think about fuel costs.  I am not so sure that those costs aren't important though.  I agree with the sentiment of not wanting to skimp on safety.  But there may be more effective ways of promoting safety than filling to the top of the tank.

I am not sure if that's the case, but it seems like the gut reaction might not necessarily be the correct one.  But again

&gt;I am not sure if that's the case

Thanks for the info, though.
No problem. :)

You don't have to fill to the top of the tank. The point is just that the safety regs were never meant to be followed this close to the letter.

How do you think government bureaucracy gets started? Next there will be a different set of minimums, and it'll be caused by a plane crashing again.
Well, the point of using the 757's is to say, "Look, we just flew 3300 miles.  This plane's max range is 3900.  We need to get on the ground."  By using a plane that approaches its limits in range, they have a more plausible excuse for getting on the ground faster and using less fuel.  By all rights the flights are probably safer than you might think with these fuel declarations, but it makes it sound worse than it is, gets them out of the air faster instead of having to stay in a holding pattern in high traffic, and saves more fuel.  It's not the wrong plane at all, it's the right one.
but they probably should have to pay a premium for being able to jump the line.  Like a fast pass at disney world.
This is a very good point.  In my experience pilots are typically way too trigger happy when it comes to sound the alarm on fuel.  Think about it.  How often do you actually hear about a plane actually running out of fuel?
You're kidding, right?

Has it occured to you that you don't hear about planes running out of fuel because the pilots know when to call a low fuel warning?
A more intelligent (if technical) discussion of this issue: http://www.airliners.net/aviation-forums/general_aviation/read.main/3949000/
and they use less fuel.
&gt;It looks like Continentals trying to "game the system"

I can't imagine a pilot who would be willing to play this game. It's stupid, dangerous and beyond unprofessional.

"Minimum fuel" doesn't necessarily get you on the ground faster (only "emergency fuel" will do that.) And both are investigated and tracked by the FAA. 

Moreover, almost all the flights encountering this issue are flying into Newark, which is dominated by Continental. So if a fuel call does get that flight put to the top of the landing list, it's always doing it at the expense of other Continental flights--who will be flying longer than they should be, using more fuel.

There are times where headwinds make the flights impossible. That requires an expensive and time-consuming mid-flight landing in a place like Gander or Bangor. That is incentive enough for Continental to put new aircraft on that route (which are on-order, deliveries should start in 2009.) 

Which brings me back to the pilot issue. Since a mid-flight fuel stop is possible, a pilot coming in and making a minimum fuel call basically fucked up his calculations. No pilot wants to do that.
No, I'm not kidding.  I'm a professional in the industry with education and experience in airplane performance, regulations, and various flight planning systems.  I understand better than most the factors that go into flight/fuel planning.

Like I said before, in my experience pilots are too trigger happy on the fuel alarms.
My brother is a pilot and a few years ago, the airline that he flew for was engaging in short fueling.  On one flight, the weather was extremely bad, airports were closed, visibility was zero and fuel was running low as they were scrambling to find a place to land.  Finally, with 8 minutes of fuel left, they were planning to ditch into the Atlantic Ocean.  Just as they were about to ditch, a small break in the weather allowed them to land at a small military base.  Note, that there were over 70 passengers on board and, though ditching in the ocean is preferable to crashing on land, it almost inevitably leads to fatalities.
In the U.S?  If so, give me the name of the airline and I'll see if I can find the incident report.
Pinnacle

Time: best guess would be 24-48 months ago.

If you find anything, let me know.  It would be interesting.

PS. Don't post the report up here... or at least pilot names, etc.
One example is right in the article.
This the captain speaking. We need your lighters.
The Disney World fast pass is free....

Summary:
and they use less fuel.
It's not the wrong plane at all, it's the right one.
No pilot wants to do that.
It does seem that those articles are showing that airlines are putting some pressure to get pilots to think about fuel costs.
Like I said before, in my experience pilots are too trigger happy on the fuel alarms.
We need to get on the ground."
It looks like Continentals trying to "game the system" in using the 757 for it's near-maximum range flight profile.
But I'd recommend using the fines only in those cases where Continental declares minimum fuel way too much.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
