Original Response:
more info:

http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601085&amp;sid=azHzgt1YD2Rs
yet another cold war?
Same scenario as in Yugoslavia: dicatator-like president(s), not-too-happy citizens, weak army, NATO armies all around. 

Questions are "when NATO start the bombardment?" + "what is the plan to neutralize russian nukes?"
"A return to the cold war is impossible, as none of global players, including Europe, the US, or Russia, are interested in it, Russian President Vladimir Putin told a press conference in Bucharest today. All differences can be discussed and settled jointly, the leader said. Other countries blame Russia for its toughness, but it cannot be compliant when its national interests are at stake, Putin noted. He added that it was not fair to blame Russia for suspending its membership in the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe, as Russia had been the only country that fulfilled its obligations under the pact for many years. Meanwhile, Putin noted that it appeared to him that he had managed to reach an understanding with other summit participants today"

according to Bloomberg
Putin is not a president of Russia now
as a matter of fact a new russian president Medvedev is just a marionette
he said too (Bloomberg):
"Let's be friends, guys!"

but I don't trust him..
another good confirmation:

Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said:

"We will respond to this pragmatically - not like a small child in school who is offended by someone and slams the door and runs crying from the classroom."
He is until May.
There are two presidents now -- like Batman and Robin
Batman is Putin, Medvedev is Robin? :)
Bombardment is not a solution
in response:

Putin takes a softer tone at NATO summit

http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/04/04/europe/04nato.php
Did Shanghai Cooperation Organization also try to recruit these countries?

(okay, i know they're not part of, but why aren't they reaching out?  i always think the SCO is a competition to NATO)
no

Shanghai Cooperation Organization includes Russia and a few Central Asia countries
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shanghai_Cooperation_Organization
Not-too-happy citizens?! How do you call the US then?
like Chip and Dale!
Of course. And he doesn't trust you.
Weak army? I wouldn't want to put it to test, even without nukes.
but with a nuke.
Russians just want to flex their muscles again
if Putin to stop playing his game in Iran/Iraq things would be much easier
It's also a direct threat to my wallet... Who's paying for this grand chess game, and endless global militarism? us tax payers
[Couldn't resist](http://img405.imageshack.us/img405/1/putinmedvedevod0.jpg)
I say Russia Should rebuild a "Missile defense" in Cuba, to make sure that Venezuela does not shoot rockets to Europe. How would US appreciate that?
We've already seen that 40 years ago. It was Caribbean Crisis.
Russia is not the one with military bases all over the globe.
&gt;Same scenario as in Yugoslavia

That's like comparing 9/11 to Hiroshima.
If anyone's playing a game with Iran/Iraq, it's the US.
&gt;none of global players, including Europe, the US, or Russia, are interested in [Cold War]

I think Dick Cheney's pretty interested in it!

He's been a cold warrior for a long, long time.
[deleted]
thye don't need military bases all over the globe. nuclear weapon is enough.
wow, could that have been raskalz point?
At the moment NATO is hardly a threat to even the Taliban. But still I get why Russia would be worried, NATO was essentially built to fight them. If they are surrounded it creates some really awful economic and military possibilities for the west to pressure them. Especially with the Russian economy looking up and Siberia beginning to live up to it's oily promises.
I am wondering if it isn't his idea.
he said this 2 days earlier.
yep, a simple solution to avoid it: is Russia should join NATO
People are talking about the possibility of revolution seeing their retired parents get compensation like $50-100 while country has same GDP as UK + Russia is on 2nd place after US by amount of billionaires in Forbes rating (from zero - during just 15 years). Some says Putin himself has $40 billions. Medvedev's "net worth" is around half a billion - it will raise for sure after his "presidency".

Corruption level is monstrous: some FSB officers ignoring Putin's direct orders - include director Patrushev - and use their power to seize private companies up to airport Domodedovo (2nd biggest airport in Europe after Heathrow) and "Eldorado" (biggest electonics retail network in Eurasia).

Army is falling apart: there are like few dozens of able pilots - all are around 45 y.o., mechanized divisions often use their tanks to go for vodka etc. etc...
but why people can not be happy if corruption level is high?
[deleted]
but it doesn't seems to me a causal relation of "not-too-happy citizens"
Lol did you guys read the poll  on the right side of the page

loved the option

"Democracy is a nice idea, but it has no future"

love their sincerity
whatever gets the stupid citizens to shell out more taxdollars to politically connected people in the MIC, it could be a war against mars if the slack jawed masses would buy it.
Popular misconception.  Among first world industrialized nations the US doesn't rank that well in terms of government corruption.  (Famously, it varies from state to state and from region to region, and the US being by far the biggest, you would expect the most variation.)  In comparison to developing nations and most former Eastern Bloc nations, the US actually does pretty well, especially at the local level.  Many years ago a poli sci professor of mine liked to put it like this; "the guy who shows up at the local DMV driving a late model Mercedes has to wait in line just as long as I do with my 20-year-old Volvo."  That would not be the case, I can assure you from personal experience, in many countries.

On the other hand, I will freely admit that the current US presidential administration does seem to have something special in the way of corruption.  I would argue that that is however unique to them, and is the exception rather than the rule.
You are absolutely correct, but it seems like you are either missing or deliberately ignoring JClibane's point which is that Putin has been meddling as well.  Since it's not a competition to see who is the biggest meddler, the fact of Putin's "games" in Iran/Iraq is still relevant.  I cannot see it the way that the much more entrenched US involvement somehow obviates all discussion  of matters not directly involving the US.
How is Putin interfering with the Iraq and Iran governments?
[deleted]
exactly!
Russia's nuclear cooperation with Iran
And people are talking that the US economy is shutting down. BS, both cases. Russia is recovering from the tremendous mess that was USSR. The 90es were tough, but now it's getting better, thanks to money from oil on one hand and _sufficiently_ intelligent government on the other.

I'm Russian alternating between US and Russia, so I know what I'm talking about.
Does Iran have a problem with that?

Summary:
Putin is not a president of Russia now.
How would US appreciate that?
Russia's nuclear cooperation with Iran.
but I don't trust him..
Batman is Putin, Medvedev is Robin?
How do you call the US then?
Russia is not the one with military bases all over the globe.
If anyone's playing a game with Iran/Iraq, it's the US.
And people are talking that the US economy is shutting down.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
