Original Response:
[deleted]
BUT... where can we find what percentage of crude sales were contracted as futures?

Is it a small percentage? (if so, speculators and hedgers are just making the price go all over) but if it's large then these are REAL contracts that WILL affect the price you pay at the pump
&gt;these are REAL contracts that WILL affect the price you pay at the pump

hush this is reddit and your logic is not welcome here.
I think the root of the problem is that there's more money (401k, etc.) in need of investmnet versus the limited worthy investments.  This will continue to give us not a bubble but a constantly shifting bubble, depending where the money is flooding at the time.  Internet stocks, real estate, oil, food, copper.  No end in site.  This is the ultimate product of our winner-take-all society where money is becoming more and more concentrated in the hands of people who don't need it and have insufficient imagination as to where it should be invested.
You seem to be missing the point that the money supply is also artificially inflated via the Fed and low interest rates.  Hence, too much money, too little to invest in.
If supply and demand are matched up well than we expect neither shortages, or dramatic surpluses. Many people have argued that there is no oil supply problem by pointing at the lack of shortages. This is faulty logic. It just shows that the price of oil is not so low as to result in a shortage. 

Now, if speculation is the result of that much of the price of oil than there has to be a large surplus. If there was not a large surplus than it would be clear that supply and demand are in line. Therefore one of three things must be true. Oil producers must be stashing a surplus somewhere while they wait to unload it, they must be blocking new production, or speculators must be stashing that surplus. No one has given me strong evidence that there is a new surplus anywhere in the world just sitting. So unless OPEC is holding back production a lot more than they were for the past 30 years(unlikely, but not inconceivable) supply and demand are matched. 

We are consuming all the oil we can pump and are willing to pay the extra cost for it.
By your logic a bubble can never occur, in *any* market, because the normal interactions of supply and demand are impervious to forces that artificially inflate or deflate one side of the equation.

A large influx of investor dollars chasing profits in a "can't-crash-nothing-but-up" market are the fuel on the fire of bubbles.
Okay, so it's like the Silver bubble in the early 90s.

Can't wait for this to pop, only a matter of time.
As long as the crude is delivered and there is no surplus or shortage then the price is right.
If I remember correctly the number is 40%.

The problem with this speculation theory is that you can't create real speculative bubble (where price is more than the value of the stuff) with deliverable commodity like oil without storage capacity. Oil storage capacity is minimal compared to oil delivery volumes. All storage in the world equals to 3-4 days supply. 

Speculation works because oil is worth much more than $120/barrel and speculators are right. It has been kept down mainly for political reasons. Price goes up but consumption is not going down. When we reach state where price increase leads decrease in consumption, the price is right.
But these "$122" numbers you hear quoted refer to futures... and they could refer to obscure contracts (for example one guy made history by buying 1 contract at $100 before anyone else just to say he was the first to breech the 100 mark, but his contract hardly could affect the overall price of gasoline... the question is how much of the oil is really being purchased at these levels)
I see what you mean... if there were easy storage options then absolutely, you could totally control the market w/ speculation and horde your oil until the price rose high enough. But you can't store very much.... same with the natural gas biz (tho I think you can store more gas than oil, it's very much dependent on underground storage sites that aren't very large)

Anyway thank you for that 40% number... if it's true it's great to know. that means that at least ~40% of our cost of gas will directly reflect these high crude prices... this could be dampened by long-term contracts and short term buys IF the price drops... but we can't escape higher prices in the future at least not for while
Uh. Sorry I red your message again and it seems I red it wrong. My 40% is the number of futures hold by so called "speculators", , those who are not the receiving end (like oil refineries etc.) but buy futures that they must eventually sell to someone who really uses the oil. 

If whe want to know what percentage of crude sales were contracted as futures, we first must find how big persentage of oil is traded in open markets. Many countries have one to one contracts with oil produces and that oil trades outside of markets. Olil futures themself are comples issue, they sell even 8 year futures contrats now and future trades form complex links. I'm just speculating here, but I would gess that oil refineries etc. using futures to control 30-70% of the oil they use (from the open markets)
Sounds probable. I deal in natural gas markets a bit (tangentially) and it's quite similar. We've got NYMEX futures going out monthly to 2020 now.... talking about ludicrous. But the volume is so small it's almost meaningless to look more than a few years out.
[This week's episode](http://www.thislife.org/Radio_Episode.aspx?episode=355) of [This American Life](http://www.thislife.org/?gclid=CLTdz9OSrJMCFQw9IgodNAvxXw) seems to agree there's too much money.  Well, at least the first 10 minutes of the show.  It gets more complicated as the show goes on.  I'm listening to it now on the radio.

Download the [mp3](http://podcast.thisamericanlife.org/podcast/355.mp3)   free for a limited time.

Summary:
Now, if speculation is the result of that much of the price of oil than there has to be a large surplus.
It just shows that the price of oil is not so low as to result in a shortage.
BUT... where can we find what percentage of crude sales were contracted as futures?
I'm just speculating here, but I would gess that oil refineries etc.
Price goes up but consumption is not going down.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.03
