Original Response:
This is extremely infuriating.  The US wastes 27% of their food, and the UK wastes a third?!!  We need to waste 6% more of our food just to be tied with the UK.

Seriously, every American out there needs to do their part.  I just threw out a 16-pack of yogurt from Costco to help up my statistics.  If you all help out, American can be #1 again!
[deleted]
1. There is no afterlife.
2. If there were, only the sickest most depraved god would punish someone for where they were born.
3. If other countries wanted decadence, maybe they should stop being savages.
4. It's the height of arrogance to believe that human beings, even all working together, could destroy a planet.
5. Get a fucking sense of humor already.
*whoooooosh*
&gt; It's the height of arrogance to believe that human beings, even all working together, could destroy a planet.

Sure we can. We just gotta try real hard.

http://www.livescience.com/technology/destroy_earth_mp.html

http://qntm.org/?destroy
[deleted]
Yeah, and what happens to that food once it is in the trash? It turns into dirt. ZOMG stop it America you are going to bury us in fertile soil!!1

All the plastic, on the other hand...
If you'd rather not log in: http://www.thestate.com/nation/story/408446.html
Do I detect the sin of Pride?
lol
Good thing I dumpster dive!
[deleted]
some of my friends used to work at boston market, subway, etc. and they weren't allowed to give away food that they were about to throw away. So after they threw it away the homeless people would go into the trash can and get food from there.
[deleted]
I knew a place in Atlantic City that would feed a lot of the local homeless with the leftover food at the end of the night if they swept outside the restaurant.  A win-win if you ask me.
Holy shit!  Are you for real?!
Capitalism , aint it grand. Throw away food in order to keep profits high.
Probably not.  Four posts, starting less than a week ago.  It's a new account.
[deleted]
Mom: "People are starving in Burma, so eat all the food on your plate."
I know I'm feeding the troll, but...

How you can you justify worshiping someone who you believe openly endorses condemning billions to eternities of torture?  What kind of benevolent leader would do that?  What kind of *leader* would do that?  The people who are condemned to these eternities in your religion don't deserve to be there.  They didn't do anything wrong.  They were just born in the wrong place, so how can you possibly justifying worshiping that hideous beast?
Okay, a buddy of mine is a scientist who studies ancient lifeforms.  He would *love* to examine you sometime.  He normally works with fossils, but I'm sure he would be thrilled to look at a living specimen.

Seriously.  You are awesome!  I want to invite you to a party sometime.
Some towns and cities ban restaurants from giving away food to the homeless.  The thought is that if the restaurants feed the homeless, then more homeless will be attracted to the town.  And no town wants to have a large homeless population.  So, they ban helping homeless people.   

Not saying it's right.  Just saying that's how many local governments deal with the issue (or not deal with it, depending on your POV).
[deleted]
and mom cuts out the fat in her steak when she could be using it as baking fat!
[deleted]
Muslim racist.
How do they know this? Where does this number come from?
Unless you have 20 homeless people sleeping on the doorstep
you can't expect me, one person, to finish all that velveeta mac and cheese. it's just too much.
&gt;   And consider this: the rotting food that ends up in landfills produces methane, a major source of greenhouse gases.

I love the NYT.
[deleted]
I love qntm.org, and have been looking for that link for weeks. Thanks for it. Could not remember it, and google was being pissy.

Seriously though, we can't destroy a planet, and I don't mean in the science fiction sense either... we couldn't even destroy all life if we wanted to.

It would survive somewhere, and chances are even multicellular life would survive somewhere. Cockroaches if nothing else.

We *might* have the ability to destroy our own species, but it's good to remain skeptical even here... we're pretty resilient. Almost no disaster scenario could wipe us out completely, without ongoing bad luck. Mammals survived the last big hit, after all... and those were rats. People are more clever yet.
That's pretty fucking evil.
Sickening. 

Now if you'd excuse me, the Professional Eating League is on ESPN, and I can't miss that.
Yet another reason to legalize pot.
Supermarkets should have ongoing deals with food banks so that they receive the dated and blemished food. Hold the supermarkets harmless for liability and setup a storage area for the food banks to access so the food doesn't go to waste.
people are no better than pigeons to us. no wonder people want to kill us, I want to kill us.
This is really annoying to me. I hate throwing anything away if it's still (even only potentially) usable. 27%?!
Many markets and restaurants already do, but only in states that protect them from lawsuits.

The concern is they could donate perfectly good food to a pantry/soup kitchen, but through improper handling by these groups, it causes food poisoning, and through no fault of their own, the originating restaurant/market would get sued.

Some states have passed 'good Samaritan' laws wrt food donation, which reduces potential legal exposure and sets a bar on responsibility for donaters.
All posts deleted by user. Need context.
Is that on The Ocho?
Actually they want them to get help, by feeding them you're enabling them to live a dangerous life
If it was composted that would be great.  But I bet it ends up in the land fill and will never be good for anything.
Um, thrown out food = lost profits.

My guess is that it is mis-labeled or has other paperwork problems.  If they sell it the USDA (who is worse than the IRS to deal with) would shut them down.
Sounds about right.
It pisses  me off every time I see my friends only eating half of the lunch they paid for. I'm not the only one who feels like that (I hope).
Thrown out pizza and donuts at the end of the day. They throw it away because it won't be piping fresh the next day, but its still edible. They could give it away at the end of the day, but then people who would pay would wait at the end of the day to get the leftovers. Thats why companies throw it away to keep profits higher.
[deleted]
I wonder how many nuclear weapons would be necessary to have 100% coverage of the Earth's surface... given the number we've built, I'd be surprised if we didn't have enough.

Edit: I'm not saying that would destroy all life on Earth, far from it, but it would probably kill all humans.
Population of India, 1.2Billion

Population of US, 300 million

I'll eat less when they learn how to use condoms.
&gt;‘why should I care? I paid for it,’ ” Mr. Bloom said. “The rising prices are really an answer to that.”

Cheap prices of gas, food and other things encourage their waste and US and other developed economies are biggest example of these.  Somehow the food price should be according to your income range, methinks.
I agree.
I can feel your pain, dude.
So both will wait for the other to take initiative and nothing will happen.
[deleted]
Notice the absence of junk food
&gt; throw out stale bread and older produce rather than discount it and take away from their premium markup sales

Most supermarkets do the "discounting", but not to many people want to buy it...
It only pisses me off when it's my wife or kid and I'm paying for it.
Is that the fault of your friends or the fault of the restaurant that doesn't have scalable portion sizes? 

I know some places have a one size fits all portion.
the US has only been around since the 1700s
Yeah, how dare they not want to eat more food than their body needs!? Better a fat nation than suffer from a half eaten plate!
What exactly does one do with a can of bacon grease?
Actually, compared to a lot of other countries, India has accepted birth control with open arms.  I think this is mainly attributed to the fact that the majority of the population isn't Christian.  As medical care gets better for the masses, people wish to put effort into keeping the children they already have alive, rather than continuing to have more children.
I generally take my leftovers with me, and more often than not feel like other people think I'm odd for doing so.  But portions at restaurants are too big for one meal, and I'm not about to throw away all that food that saves me from spending money on a second meal later.
[Freegans](http://freegan.info/) do that too.
Try a bowl of teriyaki chicken and rice...

For the sake of those who don't have enough to eat, I finish off anything they don't.
You wanna see waste? I live in Las Vegas. Hit the buffet line and watch the waste begin!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Composting. Composting. People, composting! I didn't realize how much unusable vegetables I threw out, now I have MAD garden mulch! I have a voluntary broccoli growing out that stuff-- just start gardening ever'buddeh! [/hand-holding tree-hugging]
Dead on.
cooking!  I save all my grease, categorized of course.  I throw it out after a week, but it's quite useful as a flavor additive.  Why use fresh oil when you can recycle old grease?
I worked out recently how to avoid throwing any food away and its easy: Buy a BIG freezer.

We used to buy in fresh food all the time and keep it in the fridge.  Problem is, you have to eat it all in a set time or it goes in the bin.  Once we got the freezer we worked out the following:

1. You can keep many more different foods than you can fresh food.

2. You typically use only what you can eat in one meal.

3. You save on fuel etc because you're not always popping out the the shops.

4. Frozen food is cheaper than fresh, almost always.

5. You can take advantage of any bargains you see and stock up.  I spent nearly £50 on meat in Tescos recently when I met the guy reducing meat at the end of the day - saved big time.

6. And the really big one - by not having a fridge packed with food ready to eat you avoid the snacking from the fridge.  I've lost loads of weight this year.

We throw almost NO food away these days and I think we're saving at least £100 a month.

Get a freezer!
Ah... see, I don't cook that much, by the time I do the grease is too old to be useful.  I usually only have time for "good" cooking on weekends.
[deleted]
Probably not. That's the one disaster that humans were prepared to survive, after all. The resources of entire governments were devoted to it.

Mind you, that's with conventional stuff. Cobalt bombs could salt the earth well enough to *maybe* kill all humans.
Oh yeah, behold the righteous CHINESE.

Summary:
no wonder people want to kill us, I want to kill us.
So after they threw it away the homeless people would go into the trash can and get food from there.
We used to buy in fresh food all the time and keep it in the fridge.
I worked out recently how to avoid throwing any food away and its easy: Buy a BIG freezer.
They could give it away at the end of the day, but then people who would pay would wait at the end of the day to get the leftovers.
So, they ban helping homeless people.
Some towns and cities ban restaurants from giving away food to the homeless.
I'm not the only one who feels like that (I hope).
Throw away food in order to keep profits high.
You typically use only what you can eat in one meal.
If it was composted that would be great.
people are no better than pigeons to us.
Yeah, and what happens to that food once it is in the trash?
Yeah, how dare they not want to eat more food than their body needs!?
I hate throwing anything away if it's still (even only potentially) usable.
We throw almost NO food away these days and I think we're saving at least £100 a month.
It would survive somewhere, and chances are even multicellular life would survive somewhere.
I know some places have a one size fits all portion.
If you all help out, American can be #1 again!

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
