Original Response:
If you outlaw laser pointers... only outlaws will have laser pointers.  I don't think we could live in a world like that.
Lasers suck. We need to get rid of all lasers now while we have a chance. In the future, punk kids with deadly DIY green lasers will be causing jet planes to catch fire and crash, and burning houses and buildings from a quarter mile away. We will be almost powerless to stop them as they reduce our Earth to ash.
But how else am I ever going to be able to single-handedly divert the attention of 400+ students in a lecture hall by doing squiggle drawings on the dry erase board while the prof's back is turned?
Or burn a feiry hole in the board from row 15.
Why is it the laser pointers that I buy have an effective range of about 10 meters, whereas the ones available to everyone else can easily travel several hundred and burn pilots' retinas out?
Because you are buying the cheap $10 laser from the icecream truck, which the driver of said truck bought the laser from china for less than a dollar.

These people are spending $500+ on high powered  green lasers.
I'm charging mah laser. SHOOP DA WOOP
BREAKING: They were attached to what the local officials described as "frekkin sharks", with the devices having been mounted "on their frekkin heads"!

Shortly after, there were sightings of one small and one large bald man fleeing from the approximated source of the laser pointers.
The new range of green lasers available (eg http://www.thinkgeek.com/gadgets/lights/5a47/) are significantly more powerful than the red ones traditionally used in lectures/seminares

Of course the claims that the pilots were blinded and have headaches has to be a complete shit though.  Im unsure how these could be any worse than the sun that shines thru their windows constantly while they above the cloudcover
Yeah, I don't get that either.  I'd sure like a laser that powerful.  Not to point at planes though - in case *someone* is wondering.
Even if the laser was coherent enought at a range of a few hundred meters to hurt someone even the smallest vibration in the wielder's hand would be enough to move the far end of the beam many meters.  The idea that you could shine it on a target with a 3mm radius like the pupil of an eye - through a freaking *plane* - for long enough to do damage is just ridiculous.  

Although, those green lasers look pretty neat, might have to get one.
I don't think it's the damage to the eye thing that's so bad - I think it's more that the pilots are distracted by it. You can pop a balloon with those things, so I imagine that if someone was trying to shine one into your eye, you'd have some issues trying to concentrate on what you were doing - let alone landing a plane.
I can't imagine that anyone in the world has aim good enough to shine a laser pointer at a plane and hit the pilot's eyes for even a second.  Do you think you can point at an object moving 400 mph from over a mile away?
Let's put it this way.  If the Laser Pointer is something of the power that I can take down aircraft with them.... My god, I should be able to smite -- as if I were a Greek God -- any mall or department store I am able to walk through.
It's still a fricking laser pointer.  It ain't the Planet Destroying Laser from the Death Star.
That is a strange thing.

How are laser pointers powerful or *accurate* enough to annoy pilots? The cockpits of most planes dont have see through floors do they?
I have to agree. Laser pointers are, at most, Class IIIb, typically &lt;5 mW, and require staring in a stationary beam for a long time to do any sort of retinal damage. (See, for instance, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laser_safety under "Laser pointers".)

That being said, temporary flash blindness and the startle reflex could easily cause a pilot to abort a landing. For example, see the discussion and simulation at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lasers_and_aviation_safety

This isn't an eye-damage issue. It's a distraction one.
Wow.
Still no mention of banning guns.
in australia (atleast in our cities) guns are pretty uncommon anyways
If you could hit the window for more than a millisecond at a time you'd be doing pretty good.
Have a look at the simulation in the second wikipedia link from DashingLeech above - all you need is a little refraction from the windshield and you've got a flash. 

As for hitting the plane for long enough, it's not that hard - that's how laser guided AA missiles work - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MANPAD#Laser_guided - and they've proved fairly handy.
I'm a little confused here. I've gotten ranges of several hundred metres (at least) - at night - before with laser pointers.

But how the hell could this be a problem with a plane? I mean, the planes are moving pretty damn fast, and the dude shining the laser has to be at least a couple of hundred of meters away from the cockpit (that of course assumes that the airplane is in the air, and not driving along the ground).

What type of person has the manual dexterity needed to consistantly shine a light less than a centimeter in diameter into a window several square feet in area from probably 500m away? The tiniest change in angle would make it move like 20 feet along the body of the plane. 

And on top of that, the plane is going to be moving how fast? so not only do you have to accurately hold your hand in a position that is like x +/- 1 degree, you also have to uniformly rotate your wrist as the plane moves.

I think the pilots were drunk. Either that or the stewardess that was performing a strip show for them had some very powerful laser pointers attached to her body parts...
[deleted]
We get this shit ALL the time in the air force auxiliary. Usually people aim them up at the aircraft. The pilots usually even think its funny.

I guarantee you a plane has never (nor will) crash from a high powered laser pointer. You can't ban hammers because some people like to break windows.
There's a difference between hitting the plane at all and getting a perfect shot right in the window.  Especially from the ground.
[deleted]
I beg to differ, but I can't find any concrete examples to prove either case. This is something I'm not prepared to get empirical about.
This is the first time I've heard about normal hand-laser pointers being used against pilots. This crap has been happening for a while, but before it was done with the industrial strength stuff, where the thing is big enough to had its own swiveling mount.
Places like Thinkgeek and Wicked Lasers overcharge for their lasers.  Get 'em directly from China and save some money (keep in mind the actual output power is going to be about half the advertised output)

http://www.kaidomain.com/WEBUI/SubCategory.aspx?TranID=8189
Aggregate of individuals ban something called the Australian State.
Nonsense, Howard (ex. PM) did away with those after the Bryant/Port Arthur episode.
I did not say that, I just answered daysi's question.
try hitting a pane of glass at about 20m to see the dispersal effect which is fuking dangerous for a pilot
1) These aren't ordinary red laser pointers, these are high-powered green laser pointers.

2) They're probably looking down the run way.

Even if they weren't head-on, planes look pretty slow when you're far enough away.
[deleted]
The same argument can be made for guns as lasers: they can both been used to harm pilots and passengers on a plane.

But don't take my guns!
1) those (painful) green laser pointers are still less than a centimeter in diameter.

2) the article said that is was likely several people from several locations were shining the laser pointers. This would seem to preclude the possibility that the source of the light in question was at the head of the runway.
Of all the crimes you can commit, one that paints a bright green line in the sky pointing directly to where you are doesn't seem like the   brightest.
Even a high quality laser diffuses.

Besides, it would refract upon hitting the cockpit glass.


In any case, it's obviously possible because it's been fucking done.

Summary:
If you outlaw laser pointers... only outlaws will have laser pointers.
I guarantee you a plane has never (nor will) crash from a high powered laser pointer.
I think the pilots were drunk.
It's still a fricking laser pointer.
How are laser pointers powerful or *accurate* enough to annoy pilots?
I can't imagine that anyone in the world has aim good enough to shine a laser pointer at a plane and hit the pilot's eyes for even a second.
I don't think we could live in a world like that.
I'd sure like a laser that powerful.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
