Original Response:
Friday, July 13, 2007
Presidential candidate Ron Paul says the U.S. is in "great danger" of a staged Gulf of Tonkin style provocation while also warning that a major collapse of the American economy is on the horizon and could be precipitated by the bombing of Iran and the closure of the Persian Gulf
Sort of like what was done in March of 2003?  Certainly not... *cough*
Met him once. Thought he was full of shit. Now I am older and I know better.
And Senator Hart is [only 1 of many high-level officials who warn of fake terror](http://georgewashington2.blogspot.com/2008/04/high-level-officials-warns-of-fake.html).
Looks like Gary is up to his usual Monkey Business.
well duh
Considering how Mass Media follows the lead of the current Administration, I can see how it would be possible to have a possible false flag operation against Israel, knowing full well that Israel would attack Iran.  Once Iran is under the gun, it stands to reason that they would fire a volley of missiles against known US positions in the Gulf.  The Patriot batteries would be successful at stopping most, but not all of the missiles.  When the attack on US bases occurs, it could be just what the current Administration needs to advance their agenda.

A false flag operation used in such a way would quickly be spun by mass media.  It's not something I care to think about, but it's something we ought to consider as this Administration nears the end of their term.  They may wish to see this start up before their exit.
Indeed, it might.

Or it might allow the Israelis to start the war for us.

Or it might just lie its ass off and start bombing at any given moment.

One way or another, though, the Iran Debacle will occur, and unfortunately it will put the final seal on the destruction of the U.S.
Wait, I'm all confused. Isn't Gary Hart supposed to be in league with the CFR/NWO? 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAiuWvz01To

Infowarriors, please explain.
But Ron Paul is crazy.  EVERYONE on Reddit knows that.
americans are by far the most ignorant selfish culture on earth
?
&gt; Wait, I'm all confused. Isn't Gary Hart supposed to be in league with the CFR/NWO?

&gt; Infowarriors, please explain.

That you are.  I'm no "Infowarrior", whatever that means, but did you watch the video at all?  17 seconds into the video, it shows the title, which is "Gary Hart Confronted".
[Monkey Business](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monkey_Business_Yacht)
Yeah, but he's confronted by "truthers"  who think he's one of "the globalists." 

It just doesn't make sense then that he'd be blowing the whistle on false flag ops. If anything, he should be one of the people pulling the strings behind the scenes!
Yes, Monkey Business refers to how he sunk his shot at the presidency.  But how does it apply to this video?
I'm not sure it does.  
I have a feeling it's simply an attempt at interjecting a humorous and historically-topical quip.  

Without any sentence to support it, your single question mark led me to believe you were wondering why "Monkey Business" would be mentioned at all.  

Sorry if I misunderstood, I was just trying to be helpful.
Actually, Reddit is the place where NOBODY knows that.
[Ron Paul did it](http://youtube.com/watch?v=6d8MIENVtKw).

[Simpsons](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jZy4ZFgS8o), too.
Ah thanks.  That was very gracious of you.
I would like you two to know that your conversation is almost word for word the conversation that went on in my brain when I read the initial comment.

(except for the final bit about apologizing for misunderstanding and accepting the apology)
waste. that is our mantra.
David Blaine could make that letter say anything he wanted to.  As soon as he appeared mysteriously in the audience poor Senator Hart should have ducked and covered.
Or Twin Towers
then what was Bush saying he was absolutely sure of Iraq's WMDs?
I wished that people would quit posting and reporting this.   I know dubbya and cheney don't read, but one of their assistants might read this and give them the idea.   We know that neither of them knows anything about history, so we don't have to worry about that end.
Maybe you are just joking, but do you think it is a good idea to participate in the dehumanization of your political opponents?

Whatever odious, counterproductive, or foolish things that Bush 43 and Cheney have done with their time in power(and there is a long list), I seriously doubt that they "don't read", or that "neither of them knows anything about history".

I believe (I think with you) that the time for respectful opposition is long past, but does that mean that you should reduce your opponents to a caricature?  To do so risks fatal misunderstanding.

Is it useful to conclude that those opposed to you are illiterate, ignorant imbeciles, who would agree with you on every point if only they were more intelligent and educated?  Seems to me that there is great danger to you in such a position.

Think of how infuriating it is for you when a person who opposes your views makes a blanket statement about the wooly thinking of the left, or creates a straw man cartoon version of your arguments and beliefs.  These tactics are barriers to understanding.

What you're saying is that the only thing stopping the current regime from a false-flag operation against Iran is historical ignorance.  Is that a useful position?
Gary Hart knows that every important historical event starts with an incident on a boat.
I wouldn't exactly consider criticizing this administrations ignorance to fall under the label of "dehumanization."
You have just stumbled upon the actual truth of the matter...the "truthers," conspiratorial buffs, and New World order folks, don't have any idea what they are talking about. They believe almost everyone is against them and in on the conspiracy to do whatever it is they claim is the goal this week.
He's actually denying that the US would ever do it, but I think the explanation can be that he's throwing out bits of truth to be used against a political rival (i.e. Bush). The video clearly shows he is in favor for a new world order. The comment about false flag operations seems more of an acknowledgment of history and a jab at republicans. If he ignored history, he would immediately be rejected as a puppet, so it makes sense that he walks a fine line of promoting an agenda and telling the truth. At 5:50 you can hear how he wants to attack the Republicans, so the truth is probably his best weapon and he's making some mis-steps. The video repeated uses his own words against him.
Stop generalizing.  It makes you look like an ass, ass.
Generalizing an entire culture is stupid and close-minded.
I won't take that personally.
I'd just like to point out that not *all* of us are ignorant and selfish.
Actually, Reddit is the place where PEOPLE have DIFFERENT OPINIONS on THINGS. CAPITAL LETTERS for EMPHASIS.
Would it be fair for me to say that the people of your country are the most elite bunch of smug assholes on earth based off of your inane comment?
You just can't let the Iran invasion argument go away can you reddit?  We've been talking about this for close to a year now back when the Daily Kos said we have "3 days" until an invasion of Iran.

This is nothing but fear-mongering and it's old and boring.
Do you mean those from Canada, or the USA, or Mexico or Colombia or.....

That's a gigantic swath you're painting there, flashgeek.
My brain too, but anticipating both your comment and the apologies.
including the loss of my virginity.
Others believe the world is complicated. 

Disinformation "muddies the waters" and discourages people from discovering truth, which doesn't come in an easy-to-open package. 

It could be that Hart thinks a war with Iran will ruin some kind of NWO plan. Or he's just around for distraction. Probably neither.
Scary.
Haha, If I were Iran, I'd declare war on America right now.
There is this thing called humor.   Maybe you should do a little investigation of it.  Lighten up and ease up on the coffee.  Life is much too short to be so stressed.
Sure it does. When you know you have control, you can get away by letting some truth out. But then they just deny it so much, that whatever truth had been out is long forgotten.
Fair enough, dude.

Summary:
EVERYONE on Reddit knows that.
I'm not sure it does.
I'd just like to point out that not *all* of us are ignorant and selfish.
Is that a useful position?
Actually, Reddit is the place where NOBODY knows that.
I'm no "Infowarrior", whatever that means, but did you watch the video at all?
Looks like Gary is up to his usual Monkey Business.
Isn't Gary Hart supposed to be in league with the CFR/NWO?
The video repeated uses his own words against him.
Or it might allow the Israelis to start the war for us.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
