Original Response:
Fantastic! How soon 'til I can watch Beachcombers and The Friendly Giant and FrontPageChallenge reruns from the 1970s on my computer in Japan?

Oh yeah, and I wanna see that Log Drivers Waltz cartoon and the Hockey Sweater cartoon that used to run every day on CBC when I was growing up.
This is awesome! Canadians should be contacting your local CBC, let them know that you read this article, and that you support them doing so. Let 'em hear your support!
Cool, Now can I get 22 minutes and Mercer on a torrent?
We've made the official announcement this morning:

http://www.cbc.ca/nextprimeminister/blog/2008/03/canadas_next_great_prime_minis.html

We're listening to your comments, please continue to give us suggestions :)
Woot!  I love Canada and the CBC.  Is there an easy way to contact them?  I do live like 5 min away from their head office and can drop by, but...
Well, I just sent a message through their form on the website ("contact us" at the bottom of the page), or you could just look up the number in the phone book, call and ask to speak with someone who handles comments from the public.
You should post this to the main reddit.  This is potentially a historical moment here.
did you read the part in the article about what show it is they're releasing?


beachcombers or i dont care.
Which one of you Canadians wants to tell this American what the best Canadian TV show is?
There's The Border, which I've been following for a couple of episodes.  It's about a fictional government agency much like your DHS, but more sane.

22 Minutes is like The Daily Show, but Canada-focused, with multiple hosts, and not quite as good.
Trailer Park Boys?
[deleted]
Well it was better back when they had Rick Mercer and Mary Walsh.
red green?
Holmes on Homes is pretty good.
Due South... but it's cancelled now.
I remeber those. The Log Drivers Waltz was always on right before the station went off the air for the night.
We all own the output of the NFB, and you can get lots of those great films at their site here:

http://www.nfb.ca/index.php
the rick mercer report is better than colbert by a longshot.
battlestar galactica. then there are the stargates. That stuff is all vancouver done. 

But for something truly canadian i would say:
hockey night in canada

and for something more corny "red green show".

There are some awesome french shows as well including
"minuit le soir". 

edit:
i forgot one of my favs is hosted by David Suzuki and its called "the nature of things". There was this geologic journey series too that was sort of a part of this and it was just awesome.
Personally I think Corner Gas is one of the best sitcoms ever.
While i'm at it i will mention that cbc radio3 posts weekly podcasts in Ogg vorbis. Basically its full of top canadian music and interviews and there are also videos of concerts and stuff including SxSW (a huge concert / event in austin texas).

CBC has always been leaders in the digital revolution IMO because of things like this.

edit: sometimes i miss "the nature of things".. that would be awesome to have a torrent for. ;)
Only the one show unfortunately.  Our taxes pay for the CBC, shouldn't we get all of its programming?!
Oh hell ya. It's not rude or ignorant or anything. It's just plain funny.
What now ComCast? Time Warner, hope you're paying attention.
BSG and Stargate may be _filmed_ in Vancouver, but they are definitely American shows.
[deleted]
Corner Gas is so bad.  What is with the atrocious acting?  I've never laughed once at that show and I actually find it painful to watch.  I can't believe it has become popular.

Trailer Park Boys on the other hand...and The Jon Dore Television Show..AMAZING

Canadian comedy is amazing...except Corner Gas
Kenny vs Spenny
I watched the first episode of The Border (I was intrigued that they used QR codes in their advertising campaign), but I found it awfully heavy-handed on the racism/islam thing.

Is it all like that, or does it improve?
The horrible acting is part of what makes it funny.  Just out of curiosity, where are you from?
[deleted]
Since when is horrible acting considered funny?  The entire cast is really bad, and they are terrible on Robson Arms, too, indicating that it is not intentional.  

I know a lot of people who love both shows, I'm just at a loss as to why.  I'm glad it has been a success though, Canadian shows rarely get there.

I'm from Oakville, Ontario, by the way.
I read that as CBS and almost pooped myself, then I woke up and remembered I live in the US.
Log Drivers Waltz
http://youtube.com/watch?v=rPDi9DzihrE

Hockey Sweater
http://youtube.com/watch?v=LqU4fFujCqk

(not rickrolls, I assure you)

Some Mr. Dressup would be nice too. I know there is a DVD, but I wouldn't think of finding it easly. Would be good too since most of his audience are now the modern net-gen (on the later end) or even parents (from the earlier years) who want to share with their kids.
I've been wondering when the mainstream media was going to try this.  All of their their shows (the good ones at least) end up on BT anyway - why shouldn't they just put their own copy up?  This way they can leave commercials in, and perhaps still make money on advertising through it.  I doubt as many people would go through the hassle of recording and ripping if there was already a copy out there, so the mainstream copy would probably be the most widely viewed.

Now how the heck are Roger's customers going to get to watch these?
Hockey Night in Canada! Longest running show ever, anywhere.

If you aren't into hockey, check out "The Hour", for your news mag done for the new generation. And "The Nature of Things", if you like documentaries.
This is more than free shows. When some media companies start using the medium, as we see here, it makes it difficult for others to claim its only purpose is illegal downloading.
This is true.
Good job, CBC!

I have been a long time opponent of public funding for the CBC. However, with this one action I completely reverse my position! If the CBC is willing to become an innovative and relevant broadcaster, I'm all in favour of funding it with my tax dollars. 

Too bad it's only "Canada's Next Great Prime Minister", and not "jPod." Forget it - both shows suck.
Reboot
Being unintentionally bad has nothing to do with whether that badness is funny. See: Plan 9 from Outer Space.
I wanted to second Due South. Wonderful show, very well done. A few others I would suggest that I haven't seen mentioned:

jPod was based on the Douglas Coupland novel of same name, and I thought it was hilarious, apparently the mainstream didn't but it should appeal to many people in this geeky crowd.

Shadow Raiders was a 3D-animated cartoon made by the same guys as Reboot. It was fun, I still like watching it. Kind of cheesy though.

Little Mosque on the Prairie I have heard good things about, but I've never watched it.

Summary:
I love Canada and the CBC.
Wonderful show, very well done.
It was fun, I still like watching it.
This is more than free shows.
I know a lot of people who love both shows, I'm just at a loss as to why.
The horrible acting is part of what makes it funny.
Corner Gas is so bad.
And "The Nature of Things", if you like documentaries.
I've never laughed once at that show and I actually find it painful to watch.
Only the one show unfortunately.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
