Original Response:
take that you terrorist dogs, dropping land mines all over my yard
The means justify the ends, it seems?

Regarding terrorism:
those numerous CCTV-cameras sure provided nice pictures of the London underground bombers, but just what good did that do? 

Nobody knew they were suicide bombers until after their attacks.

It seems the nanny/bully state doesn't care about getting caught in a lie. Once the anti-terrorism propaganda had provided the cameras, a profitable use would be found for them, however petty and intrusive.
I can honestly say, that, living in an urban area that has low civic pride, I fear stepping on dog-mines a lot more than I do terrorism.
How, exactly, is that evil?

What, specifically, is wrong with it?

I get the impression that some people think the dog poop laws are okay, but enforcing them is evil. Why is that?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broken_windows
Vandalize those fucking CCTV cams. Motherfuckers.
Because terrorists definitely won't bomb anything if the government tackles the problem ahead of time by getting on their case about leaving dog crap all over the place.
Hey, great straw man! FOR ME TO POOP ON.
Seriously though, near my house the streets are regularly covered in dog shit. It is disgusting I'm all for this.
[deleted]
Because they oppose that type of surveillance and anything resulting from it.
Do you really support building a vast network of video cameras in order to catch some folks who don't clean up after their dogs?

Then why shouldn't the government be able to install video cameras in every room of your home in order to make sure you aren't fucking your kids or beating your wife or running a meth lab?  

The problem with these types of things is that they say they are going to use the new laws and methods only against Terrorists, or the Mafia, or child sex slavers, etc.  Then they use their new found legal toys to go after normal folks who just forgot to clean up after Fido.
What a rewarding career.  Poop Policeman.  Only the Brits.
&gt;Then they use their new found legal toys to go after normal folks who just forgot to clean up after Fido.

heh, that's not even the problem.  The problem is when they go after people who are political enemies, etc. (edit: or even just use the threat of being able to)
Do you really support (using) a (pre-existing) vast network of video cameras in order to catch some folks who don't clean up after their dogs?

Fixed that for ya.  And yes, I do.  In my experience, people don't forget to clean up their dog's shit.  They choose not to.
Crime on the rise but pooping dogs falling.

Without a doubt the CCTV system exists for the only puprouse of instilling fear into the public, the criminals are free to do as they please and there are no terrorists being thwarted.

Whose left but the petty criminals, I'd support the measures they're traking against them to a degree but for that to happen they ahve to unanimously apply the law. Crime should drop.


Regarding the dogs, just sit on your porch with a fake shotty and as soon as someone apporaches with a dog look at them menacingly. Upgrade to a pellet gun and blast away at the dog owner as his little runt tries to tak ea shit on your yard.
seriously

this is like, the fantasy of anyone who has found someone else's dog poo in their yard.
[Just read this.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.html?in_article_id=565047&amp;in_page_id=1770)
I see your point of view but let's be realistic. Britain has been lambasted in the press over the last few years for its freefall in culture. Public drunkenness is a huge problem and plastered young people - including girls - enjoy urinating in the streets. Why pick on the  dogs when their masters are clearly their role models?
The United Kingdom has the most surveillance cameras per capita in the world.

First line, should read as follows in that article.

The United Kingdom has the most surveillance cameras per crap in the world.
That dude is lucky to live in the UK, act that way to a US cop and be prepared for a beat down, as well as resisting arrest and aggravated assault changes.
Yeah, but you have to be careful.  I mean, you *are* vandalizing a security camera.  This guy does a pretty good job of showing how to disable a CCTV camera without getting caught:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0md6Flcrd0s
This is just to get more people in the DNA database.
[deleted]
Why would you poop in public just because you own a dog? And why would the police single you out of prosecution?
Good.  I lived there for a couple of years, and there was dog shit all over the place!
Don't worry if you're not doing anything wrong then you have nothing to fear!

...*sigh*
this one I can't sympathize with in any way shape or form.
Dog owners that are not responsible about their pet- there's someone else on the planet besides your lame selfish ass. Add in the fact that feces can contain all sorts of gnarly biohazards- I think this may be the first terrorist threat actually adressed by filming every goddamn square inch of the UK-
how you losers let that happen I'll never know. It's your civic to duty to smash all cameras and E-voting machines.
they didn't put the cameras up for dog poop- they put them up to subvert democracy and stopping dog poop is just one small benefit of sacrificing your whole point of being alive.
bullshit- america is installing those cameras as fast as they can con city governments into buying them for "homeland security"
I guess someone forgot to tell those stupid goddamned bobbies that apples are biodegradeable and it's not littering.
Sigh.  "The banality of evil" is a reference to Hannah Arendt's report on the trial of Adolph Eichmann.  Arendt's point was not that what Eichmann did was banal, but that he himself was banal yet his acts were unspeakable.  

I recognize that it's fun to dredge up an evocative phrase, but could we please spend a minute or so to try to understand it before we just go ahead and throw it into a headline?

Using CCTV is pursue dog feces is the use of something that might be evil for a banal purpose -- bravo if we can make that the rule.  If that's all it's used for, who cares?  This is precisely the opposite of what Arendt was saying.
This was totally unexpected.
&gt; they put them up to subvert democracy 

And another drama queen heard from. Presumably you live in a country where it's illegal for police to look at people in public?
Now the government has encroached that much further into your life, taken that much more of your privacy and identity. And they've done it with your approval. 

Despite the lame "fixed that" meme, the OP makes an excellent point - this is application creep.  Yesterday it was extraordinary measures to catch scary arabs, today it's to keep your lawn clean, and tomorrow?  Do you think they don't have plenty of applications just waiting? 

And why shouldn't they, given how many fools like you will accept them in the name of convenience and "security"?
If all of those applications involve enforcing just laws (like those applications to which the system has been put thus far), then yes, I will accept them.
People who don't scoop are worse than terrorists. Hanging is too good for them! They're destroying our country. Moral decline! Lack of personal responsibility!

&lt;/DailyMail&gt;
Ah, bless, innocent Redditors.

I think it's reasonable to assume that, particularly in "democratic" societies, banal activities like trying to police dog mess are the perfect way to habituate people to draconian control. 

That or starting with convicts or immigrants:

http://www.engadget.com/2008/01/14/uk-jails-considering-rfid-implants-for-prisoners/
&gt; taken that much more of your privacy and identity.

When did anyone ever have privacy when they were out in public? These are not cameras in peoples homes.
FYI: Nobody in the UK has referred to a policeman as a "bobbie" since about 1937.
Yet.  That is the point of application creep. There is no logical reason why a state given power to watch your every move in public should not be given the same power everywhere, in the name of safety and convenience of course.  Gradually and with plenty of propaganda to grease the feebleminded, but they'll get there.  If you cannot see the reasons why that would be a bad idea, you are beyond discussion.
anti-terror -&gt; anti-error
Fools!  This was the plan all along!

Bwahahahahahhhaa!
What did anyone expect?  But ask many people and they will tell you how 'safe' this makes them 'feel'.
How does that break down into public vs private systems? Essentially every shop of any size in the UK will have a camera system.
It's just a money making scheme.  Ever since the police services became incorporated and monetized.
You forgot the tasing.
i live in a country where i get hassled for taking photos in public places.
&gt; There is no logical reason why a state given power to watch your every move in public should not be given the same power everywhere

Apart from the incredibly logical reason that they are installing it on their land (public land) rather than your own land. Not to forget you have just as much privacy with a CCTV camera nearby as you do with a random stranger nearby.

Just some more scaremongering and 'slippery slope' arguments, nothing to see here.
You are really gonna let the government watch you take showers, have sex, sleep, eat, and even raise your children all while they watch to see if you slip up and break a law?

Are you SURE?
[deleted]
It is not *thier* land, it is *your* land. That is the definition of "public" - owned by the people, not by those who presume to control them.

The random stranger does not wield the power of the police and military.  The random stranger cannot pass laws to prohibit what he dislikes at his whim. The random stranger does not have the resources to collate and connect surveillance from disparate locations and industries into a single database.

The fact that it is a slippery slope argument does not make it invalid.  20 years ago the idea of the US openly torturing prisoners and holding people illegally for years would have been absurd - today it is old news.  Slippery slopes exist.
Where is your bureaucratic god now?
[deleted]
Haha, that's an episode of Tripping The Rift, [Sidewalk Soiler](http://www.bittorrent.com/users/starz/torrents/Tripping_the_Rift__Season_01__Ep._04_Sidewalk_Soiler/957b64d9-1a03-11dc-90dc-00e081411f3f)
Here in the UK the prisons are pretty much full. I am sure the government would love to lock up muggers, car thieves and drug dealers but if they do, they have to let somebody in prison out. On the other hand handing out fouling tickets to nice middle class punters is a reliable no-hassle revenue stream.
I hate dog owners, "Ooo I must take my mutt for a walk". NO YOU ARE NOT ! You are taking it away for a shit, so that it leaves its vile deposit as far away from your own house as possible. Cunts all of them.
If you keep a dog it shits on your land only, end of story; if you have no land it shits indoors, geddit.

Prosecution is too good for them.  Shitty dog owners should be given a choice.
Eat, yes EAT, the shit themselves or the dog goes to Korea and they go to Guantanamo Bay.

Overreaction ? I think not. Times in my life I have been troubled by a terrorist 0, times I have been enraged by dog shit, too bloody many !

Sorry, I could go on but if I don't end now  I am certain to burst a blood vessel.
&gt; It is not thier land, it is your land. That is the definition of "public" - owned by the people, not by those who presume to control them.

If it was 'my' land, I could do what I want. How many centuries ago was this true? In reality, the roads, streets and public areas are owned by the local authority. Our means of control is electing a mayor or member of parliament who says they will do the things we want, and maybe act on them. Politics as usual.

The random stranger can be an informant. The random stranger can vote to pass laws prohibiting what he dislikes in exactly the same way the land is owned by the people. In any case, you wouldn't let the random stranger into your home not knowing anything about him.

Few people believe CCTV actually works relative to how many cameras there actually are, and for once they're right - it doesn't prevent crime, though sometimes it provides useful evidence. If we see a new camera erected, we see a waste of money.

Considering the public's opinion on CCTV has dropped steadily for 15 years since the Home Office rolled it out across the country, and these recent abuses of certain laws sowing fear and doubt, I doubt a bit of propaganda is going to lead to us gladly accepting them in our homes.
If you shower and fuck outside in front of a camera, what would you expect?
&gt; Once the anti-terrorism propaganda had provided the cameras

? I'm pretty sure we weren't putting cameras up for the IRA's benefit, or while they declared a ceasefire. The world didn't begin in 2001.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I think more explanation is required here..
Seems so... my question is why that is the case.
The U.K sucks ass.
We dog owners get jealous of our pet's ability to poop anywhere and eventually give into the temptation to follow their example. That being said, I always clean up after myself unless it's diarrhea. There's just no good way to clean that up.
"Do you really support building a vast network of video cameras in order to catch some folks who don't clean up after their dogs?"

No I support using a vast network of video cameras to prevent all sorts of crime.

"Then why shouldn't the government be able to install video cameras in every room of your home in order to make sure you aren't fucking your kids or beating your wife or running a meth lab?"

Of course not. That is a straw man. We are talking about cameras in public places, where no reasonable person could expect privacy. Not your home.

"The problem with these types of things is that they say they are going to use the new laws and methods only against Terrorists, or the Mafia, or child sex slavers, etc."

I don't recall them every saying that. I think you are just making that up in retrospect to fit your preconceptions.
Okay done.

So how does a guy who littered and then gave the police a bunch of shit which got him a few hours of jail time demonstrate that CCTV cameras are bad?

If your point is that police sometimes go on power trips... I totally agree. I just don't see how that has anything to do with CCTV cameras. I'd love to see stronger checks and balances on police power. It just seems like an entirely different topic to me. In the case of the cameras... we aren't even talking about any decision for a police officer to make. Maybe you should have linked an article about how prosecutors abuse their power or something. I can't imagine what you were going for.
Fuck off stupid Yank.

You have just proved you know nothing about our country.

We like our cameras.

There is no Big Brother conspiracy against dog poop!

Idiot.
GOOD! i don't actually enjoy stepping in dog muck, and i've no problem with cctv in public places-if i don't want anyone to watch what i'm doing i'll do it in private.
"you know the funniest part? the police chief who quoted the "3% of crimes solved" figure pulled it out of his ass - he has no evidence to back up this claim."

No, You just pulled that out of Your ass. 

On the one hand I have the the head of the Metropolitan Police's Visual Images Office quoting statistics, on the other I have chrisissuper.

Who do you think I'm going to believe?
Well it's already been proved CCTV hasn't had an effect on the crime rates in the UK so they might as well find some sort of use for them. Capturing Crap TeleVision.
Thank you, I was puzzled by the headline. It's not obviously referential.

Edit: It just occurred to me that part of the reason its not obvious is because it is so like a typical unreferential reddit opinion piece.
Because its too easy to move the line in the sand. Look, the slippery slope argument is being poo-poo'd higher up in this thread, but it is a legitimate concern because once a freedom or a right is lost, it is rarely given back by those that restricted it.

So you say, its not a freedom or a right to have your dog poop, so that is a  BS argument. Fine, its not legal to allow your dog to crap. But you are missing the forest for the trees here.

What happens when a law gets passed that talks about 'subversive' material. Say it can't happen? What about that internet porn law that was being bandied about in the UK recently. Just expand that onto the street and suddenly its no longer OK to sit on a park bench and read a particular book.

Hell, there's another thread on the front page right now about a janitor being sued for racial harrassment for reading an *anti-KKK* book at work.

What happens when that gets expanded to every single public space under the eye of a camera. No longer ok to read or think things that might not run straigt up the line anymore. Who decides what that line is? Whats their agenda?

Then there's the argument about how its no different than having a cop on the sidewalk watching you. This is also crap. A cop cant stop, zoom, fast forward or rewind to watch you. Maybe he could 'record' what you were doing for awhile, but there would be gaps. And he certainly couldn't keep track of hundreds of people on a crowded street all at once, or be in 100 places at once like he could be by flipping through the cameras.

So now, even if what you were doing at the time was OK, and later became taboo, there's a record of it that someone can pull out on you to discredit you.  Sure you may not want to run for political office, but someone does. And you know what the best way to quash political dissent is? Thats right, pull out the tape of Prospective Politician Bob doing something he 'shouldn't' have been doing.

So, do you now see why it might be the case that people would oppose that type of surveillance and anything resulting from it?
utter dumb, read another fuckin post or something!
It was good until the 'diarrhea'.
Just wait for the first time someone's seen on CCTV taking photographs in a public place and told to delete them or risk arrest.

http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/magazine/7351252.stm

This is the ultimate irony in the CCTV debate. The public cannot take a single photograph of a nice building for fear of police intervention.

Today it's dog poop, tomorrow it's your fashion choice.

CCTV may have many benefits but the potential for abuse and the fact that it makes it all too easy for a totalitarian regime to emerge is why we, the sane informed public, don't want them.

You can Never trust the government. Even if your favourite candidate get's elected, you must become immediately mistrustful of him/her.

Come on people "If you've done nothing wrong you've nothing to fear" has been debunked time and time again.
Britain has 1% of the world's population and 20% of the world's CCTV.
then don't step in it moron
If you are actually defending this cctv it merely affirms the terrible truth about the prevalence of morons there. Grats moron.
&gt;I don't see many humans leaving thesis in the street?
 
I don't know, I have a history professor who gets pretty forgetful after a few drinks...
There is a distinct difference between cameras on the streets and cameras in your home.

That said, I would usually agree with you, but I despise those who don't clean up after their fucking pets with a passion.  My ideal solution would be to set up a network of snipers to shoot the offending dogs dead should its owner fail to clean up.  I'd say the dog owners of the UK are getting off easy.
Here it is, the era when dog poop matters more than civil liberties.
Do you honestly, genuinely, believe that it's not only inevitable that they will try get cameras in people's homes, but that a plan to do so is already in action?

There *is* a logical reason why they wouldn't do or be allowed to do that, one is a public space, another is private. The vast majority of people (myself included) make that distinction, the two are very different. I'll happily tolerate security cameras in public, but even suggesting putting them in people's homes is political suicide. 

Security cameras will not be placed in people's homes in a country with a working democracy.
[deleted]
I own three CCTV cameras of my own. the phrase about 'prying them out of my cold dead hands' seems particularly pertinent here. All this article does is show up the abject ignorance of yet another American about cultures (and any kind of grasp of reality) that exists beyond their borders.
next you'll be putting them in your bedrooms, or the government will...then you will say, "it's part of the culture" and think nothing of it. how fucking gay...
&gt;I don't recall them every saying that. I think you are just making that up in retrospect to fit your preconceptions.

The PATRIOT Act was testified to before Congress by the Bush Administration claiming that it would only ever be used against Terrorist organizations.  Then it's first use ever was against a small time drug hood. 

RICO acts were going to only be used against organized crime and now they are regularly used against businesses.  

Look up the history behind these types of laws.

And I never said anything about public vs. private.  That's something you hauled into it after the fact now.  Moving the goal posts I see!
[deleted]
And therein lies the problem: Running an essential government service with profits in mind.
[deleted]
Horse shit is a valuable resource. They are leaving you a gift, and if you don't make use of it, then that's *your* garden that is not going to benefit.
[deleted]
That's like saying we in America "like our overbearing inane drug laws."  Sure, many people do, but there is a select group of people, in both of our countries, that engage in an old fashioned activity called *thinking*.   We are the ones who oppose things like drug laws and cameras because we believe a government with too much power is a government that shouldn't exist.
They are useless to the government - as in large part the government has no right to access them.

The majority of cameras in the UK are owned by individuals (like me), local businesses and small privately owned security firms run by and on behalf of people in apartment blocks, building sites, schools and so on.

There is no 'central agency', or government body monitoring them - and indeed there is research that shows that their only real value is as a deterrent to crime. When all is said and done, they aren't often much use when actually solving or detecting crime.

But since installing mine over 8 years ago, my apartment block hasn't been broken into once - whereas prior to this, it used to get broken into regularly.

You keep your guns - and we'll keep our cameras.
Pick on dogs? It is the owners that get fined. People urinating in the streets is already dealt with by ..... CCTV!

Also, pee and shit are not equivalently revolting, dog shit is much, much worse.
No one said it matters more, and no civil liberty is lost by the actions in question anyway...
What does this have to do with the patriot act or rico acts? Wrong country, wrong concept. Laws against dog poop exist, cameras exist, why NOT use them?
Nope. No right has been taken away in this case. It's merely using technology to enforce existing laws.

Are you saying dogs should be able to poop everywhere they want because it's a slippery slope? Seems to me you are trying to argue against a law, and that's the law in question.

I just don't buy it.

I'm absolutely against anyone being persecuted for reading... even if it was a pro-kkk book, but just don't see the connection to laws that punish people who don't clean up after their dogs.
[deleted]
He lives in the United States.
&gt; If that's all it's used for, who cares?

It never is though.
Good. I'm all for it. Bastards who don't clean up after their dogs deserve to get done for it. Next I hope they start prosecuting cyclists who ride on the pavement.
Holy. Fucking. Shit.
Yeah, human nature in the UK is completely different.
Most of it is privately owned, recording to 20-year-old betamax tapes in black and white.

I feel that I've had to point this out to you before.
&gt; The public cannot take a single photograph of a nice building for fear of police intervention.

I've not yet heard of that happening in the UK.
This morning I walked passed a huge dog shite right outside the front gate of a primary (elementary) school. A few years back I also saw a woman let her dog piss against bakers trays that were stacked up at the front of the store.

I second the suggestion that dog owners simply don't give a fuck. I can't remember the last time I saw one pick his animals mess up.
Did you not even read what I wrote? I am not saying dogs should poop everywhere...wtf man? Are you intentionally avoiding the point that I made?

It starts with terrorists, then its violent crime, then its dog poop...whats next? Thats right...its the books. And being 'seen' with the wrong types of people. And being tracked. And having a record kept of all that stuff which, at the time, may not be a 'bad' thing, but later on might be. And it can be brought out to silence and punish disenters down the road. 

Seriously, re-read what I wrote. It has nothing to do with dog crap.
[Totalitarianism](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Totalitarianism)
Uh.  The camera is in a public place.  Yes, I think that the government, and anyone else who chooses, has the right to observe me in a public place and check my actions for lawlessness.
I know, it's amazing.  I have no expectation of privacy in a public setting.  Just . . . shocking.
And your point is what, that the cameras don't exist?  Or perhaps merely that there isn't a Bobbie viewing each one? 

 Either way, Orwell's vision is much nearer complete in GB (especially if you include those lovely *automated* cameras that send you a ticked for speeding) than anywhere else in the world.
I think this is a great step forward. Just because you own a dog, it doesn't mean you can poop in public.
&gt; Do you honestly, genuinely, believe that it's not only inevitable that they will try get cameras in people's homes, but that a plan to do so is already in action?

Of course. All trends lead in the direction of more intrusion - what would lead you to believe otherwise?  Can you name any instance in recent history where the people gained *more* freedom from government surveillance?  Has any arbitrary "limit" or distinction between public/private stopped them in the past?

Again, it is an issue of gradual application creep and racheting expectations.  Little by little the bar is raised, and what seems absurd today will not seem so extraordinary tomorrow.  Being fingerprinted and catalogued for the privelage of flying on an airplane is commonplace now; national ID cards are an inevitability; RFID-chipping children for "security" is openly discussed; DNA registries for *potential* future offenders are contemplated; etc.

All of these would have been rejected outright 20 years ago - maybe along a guilty/innocent distinction instead of your public/private argument.  There are dozens of arguments to support government cameras in people's homes, just waiting for the public to be beaten down enough to accept them.
Thank you, flowitthego. You have opened up my eyes.

(To how much of an ignorant tard you are, and obviously not a UK resident or older than 10)
The common misconception is that all of these cameras are hooked up to some uber face-recognition, license-plate reading super computer. This is a terrifying reality which fortunately does not exist. I list 1984 as my favourite book by the way, it's something I am very familiar with. 

There is a huge difference between cameras in private businesses and those in public streets. Street cameras, while they exist in some areas, are not all that common. While we have a lot of cameras, most of them are decrepit and overall we probably lose less liberties than many other camera-happy places around the world. Well, so far.

There are worse though than the speeding cameras. They are trialling ones in England where they run the license plates of all drivers and direct police to those without insurance or road tax. The retention of these registration numbers along with location, time and date is very worrying.
I had a poster tell me that in a four-mile walk, he would be scrutinized by some multiple hundreds of cameras in the London area.

And the first time one of these damned things spoke to me "pick up that fag", they would hear language that would burn their ear hairs.  If it happens in my neck of the woods (unlikely in suburbia), I start developing the spray-can-on-the-extendable- pole technology.  Screw them.
I don't think it's my fault that you have failed to convey your position. Now you've only made it more difficult to understand what you are talking about. Terrorists, violent crime, dog poop, books? What in the world?
Pizza, snot, voyage, flashlight, deathray!

Random words do not make for a good conversation.
I've read through my original post. I am unclear on what you find unclear about what I was trying to convey.

My whole point is that its not about a single stupid minor offense, but instead about the potential for abuse of the system into the future.

I think you probably just skimmed it looking for things to refute, instead of reading it through and attempting to understand. And then you're trying to blame your lack of patience and willingness to see an opposing viewpoint as a failure on my part to 'convey my position' clearly.
If it's human nature... why fight it? Why are you able to argue against it? Whatever it is, you still haven't answered that. But assuming there is something to your statement, what makes you immune?
To me this seems backwards and ironic. In your zeal to prevent abuse of power, you seek to censor information, stifle technology, and promote lawlessness.
He'll be counting ones like store cams and ATM cameras, but sure, it is an issue. They can be very useful in combating violence, so I generally don't have an issue with them on busy streets with lots of bars. They don't stop violence, but they are instrumental in convictions as the verbal testimony of drunk people fighting each other is less than stellar. 

It becomes a civil liberties issue if it is used for tracking purposes. If it's just an police operator watching a feed with tape for purely archive &amp; prosecution purposes then it's not a huge issue. Unfortunately they seem to have a hard-on for the tracking technologies.

I considered photoshopping my last passport application so that it would look fine to a human but recognition technologies, which generally use ratios between features, would not recognise me. Never did it though. I've long since suspected passport photographs are digitised in many countries due to the uber-strict criteria they have for the photo that also matches that of recognition software.
How is a desire to not be tracked 'promoting lawlessnes'?! What, in any of my statements even remotely resembles 'promoting lawlessness'? Are you even reading what I'm writing?

Futhermore, in what way is this stifling technology? My desire to not have all of my public actions recorded into some database that neither I nor any of the general public has access to means I want to 'stifle technology'?

And to address your final point about censoring information...you're damn right! If I don't get access to that same information about those who are passing these laws, and using the cameras to watch me, you're absolutely correct that I don't want it happening.

Allow total public access to the camera network. Put all the feeds everywhere up on a website that anyone in the public can view and record and watch at all times, and I might accept the system.

Don't get me wrong, I'd prefer it went totally away, but if its here to stay, then open it up and give us all access as citizens, and then we can talk about keeping it.
OK, you don't have a dog, or if you do you don't let it poop on the sidewalk.  Good for you.  You are a nice upstanding citizen.  But I bet you also have some little vice, something that you get away with on the side that you don't think is a very big deal.  Maybe you flip your cigarettes in the gutter or spit tobacco on the sidewalk. Perhaps you park your car bumper in the fire lane a little bit.  Maybe you pee in the alley behind the pub when you are on your way home.
 
The point is one day you are going to be on  the other side of the camera where all laws are enforced with no exceptions and all faults are seen by the great all seeing eye of the CCTV Big Brother. You say that no civil liberties were given up, but you are wrong.  When the CCTV cameras were installed you lost your freedom to be responsible when no one is looking.  Now someone is always watching you, from the minute you leave the house until the minute you return.  Waiting for you to step off the curb at the wrong time before the light changes, or for you to throw an apple core into the bushes.
I wonder what the result of the shopping would be.  Probably something very unpleasant.  If you can't prove who you are to the satisfaction of man *and* machine, you might end up somehwere, or worse,-as someone- you don't want to be.
"How is a desire to not be tracked 'promoting lawlessnes'?!"

It isn't. I'm not sure why you are having such trouble, but I don't have time to explain every word of every sentence I type.
Long term maybe, but if that's the case then it will likely be the least of my problems living in that kind of world. 

For now, people generally have a healthy distrust of software and until we make bug free code they'll be used to it being broke from time to time!
You said:
&gt;...you seek to censor information, stifle technology, and promote lawlessness.

I'm asking you what in any of my statements points to a desire on my part to 'promote lawlessness'.

At this point, I'm also asking if you are just fucking with me, because I mean...seriously...if so you win at subtle-troll, and I tip my hat.
I have not broken any laws that I know of. I even follow the ones I disagree with, like canibus prohibition. I drive the speed limit, I don't litter, and so on.

I "lost my freedom to be responsible when no one is looking?" Sounds silly to me. I have no idea what that is supposed to mean.

I'm not sure why I should be worried about surveillance. Being wrongly accused of a crime would suck... but if I do commit a crime do I not deserve to be punished?

It sounds to me like what you are really saying is that you want the freedom to be able to commit crime.
"I'm asking you what in any of my statements points to a desire on my part to 'promote lawlessness'."

You want to remove technology that allows the police to detect crime and enforce the law, no?
There is an excuse for the Holocaust if I've ever seen one.
Even if I suggested completely dissolving the entire police force...that is not promoting or encouraging crime. 

There's a huge difference between what I'm suggesting, and 'go out, loot, pilage and rape!'

You are one of those people who says things like 'you shouldn't be afraid if you have nothing to hide' arent you?

What happens when someone, or some group with an agenda that doesn't track with yours gets ahold of powerful tools such as these? You know, history repeatedly shows that people do have a desire for power, and will go to extreme lengths to secure it. Why do you imagine that your government, or factions of it couldn't possibly succumb to the same kind of issues. Why would you place the what is essentially a loaded gun right in their hands, and just basically bank on their good will to keep them from using it?

Can't you see that its already being used for things it was not originally intended or sold to the public for?

This thing was supposed to be for violent crime and terrorism protection. Thats how it goes. You sell it based on the scariest possible outcomes so people accept it, and then you turn it into a completely different animal. Why do you think they'd stop at dog poop? Why not lower the bar even further? Whats preventing that from happening?

What do you feel is too low a threshold? Where do you personally draw the line when it comes to having your activities observed and recorded even in public?

If it ok if a camera with a mega zoom looks in on your sitting on a park bench reading a love letter that you got from your mistress from a few rooftops away? What if it can read the actual text of the letter? How about if there were a camera watching you read a 'subversive' book on the same park bench? Mind you this is all being recorded and stored for posterity.

Can't you see the potential for abuse of a system like this? Don't you know enough history to realize that abuse of information can and does happen on a regular and frequent basis in order to gain power and personal objectives?

If you do know both of those things, how can you possibly support the existance of a 'solution to crime' such as this?

I say, put a cop on every street corner if you really want to prevent crime. Put marked cars out everywhere. Get cops walking a regular beat, get them to interact with the community, get to know the locals, build relationships with the population. That would go much, much farther in actually reducing crime, and making for a safer, more respectful environment than installing these super-eyes-in-the-sky on every shop corner watching everything we're doing from dimly lit rooms with lots of storage filing away everything they are seeing.

For the record, I'm all for law enforcement, but the way to achieve that is not through the pervasive recording of public activities. That technique has proven to simply push crime out of area's under the cameras eye while not actually reducing the incidence of crime at all AND it is ripe for abuse. Its a lose/lose situation that has basically been reduced to tracking dog shit while waiting to fall into the hands of someone prepared to abuse it.
Aye, but I don't like dogs, so they'd be the ones to go.
You do realize I was being sarcastic, right? I don't buy the premise that human nature necessarily dictates totalitarianism. I think that is an excuse, not a reason.
What I am saying is I want to preserve space for [Civil Disobedience](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civil_disobedience) and [nonviolent resistance.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nonviolent_resistance)


You claim to never break a law, and you appear to desire a future world where there is a 0% crime rate. *Every single infraction of the law is persecuted to the fullest extent of the law.* 

You even obey the laws that you disagree with  at all times?  Then you have given over complete control of your life to the government and to those that write your laws.  

In 2020 your government determines that they can not protect citizens from random terror attacks and so everyone is quarantined to their homes.  After six months of not being allowed outside, people start to rise up and leave their homes in protest.  The CCTV captures everything and 100% are arrested and imprisoned as combatants.  Then the law doesn't protect you, it *owns you.*

What happens on the day that 
your disagreement with the government goes far beyond cannabis prohibition?
I have none and have never been "broken into once".Still i can see the use for private property strictly, but they have them on every street corner in your country.
That's bullshit for a start.
I call bullshit. "Research for yourself" my ass.

YOU are making the completely unsupported allegation. YOU research it and come back to ME with at least a link to corroborate your claims. Until then put up or shut up.
"Then you have given over complete control of your life to the government and to those that write your laws."

I don't see how. It's a choice.

As for the rest, this isn't a movie. If I believed any of that was possible I might as well just kill myself now.
Sadly, we have reached the part in our discussion where I have to admit that this illustrates why we Americans seceded in the first place.  We wanted to create a government that was run *by the people, for the people,* as opposed to being ruled over by a royal monarchy.  This is really at the heart of what I mean when I talk about freedom and liberty.  It is also the reason that you see so many crazy things go on in American politics, as we have open discussion and debate on how our country should be run today and in the future.  It is also the reason that you sense hostility towards your support of CCTV cameras.  American citizens are charged with the responsibility of actively calling out and snipping the roots of totalitarianism, fascism, and theocracy before they can take hold.
Only you have not provided any reason to suspect that is what this is.
why are you in here with all of us (potential)criminals? 
and yes, my dog has been arrested for vagrancy.
i agree...it is the utter disproportion of the fines for crappy little offenses that makes people despise the law. 
  and why pick on doggies only? how about prosecuting bird killing, hairball coughing cats?
It [has](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/magazine/7351252.stm) happened.
Why wouldn't I?
I live in London, age 21, and i read.
http://www.boingboing.net/2008/05/14/london-supermarket-s.html

Summary:
The camera is in a public place.
I just don't see how that has anything to do with CCTV cameras.
Why would you poop in public just because you own a dog?
And your point is what, that the cameras don't exist?
I just don't buy it.
I don't recall them every saying that.
I own three CCTV cameras of my own.
If that's all it's used for, who cares?
It has nothing to do with dog crap.
Laws against dog poop exist, cameras exist, why NOT use them?
I have not broken any laws that I know of.
Aye, but I don't like dogs, so they'd be the ones to go.
Just because you own a dog, it doesn't mean you can poop in public.
&gt; If that's all it's used for, who cares?
There's just no good way to clean that up.
I mean, you *are* vandalizing a security camera.
I think that is an excuse, not a reason.
Terrorists, violent crime, dog poop, books?
I am not saying dogs should poop everywhere...wtf man?
These are not cameras in peoples homes.
I get the impression that some people think the dog poop laws are okay, but enforcing them is evil.
There is a huge difference between cameras in private businesses and those in public streets.
I'd say the dog owners of the UK are getting off easy.
I can't imagine what you were going for.
And why would the police single you out of prosecution?
I'm not sure why I should be worried about surveillance.
It's merely using technology to enforce existing laws.
It is the owners that get fined.
I feel that I've had to point this out to you before.
I lived there for a couple of years, and there was dog shit all over the place!
I say, put a cop on every street corner if you really want to prevent crime.
Security cameras will not be placed in people's homes in a country with a working democracy.
If it was 'my' land, I could do what I want.
No I support using a vast network of video cameras to prevent all sorts of crime.
And I never said anything about public vs. private.
I "lost my freedom to be responsible when no one is looking?"
And being 'seen' with the wrong types of people.
What happens when that gets expanded to every single public space under the eye of a camera.
Why do you think they'd stop at dog poop?
In my experience, people don't forget to clean up their dog's shit.
I have no expectation of privacy in a public setting.
Whats preventing that from happening?
The random stranger can be an informant.
Allow total public access to the camera network.
That is the definition of "public" - owned by the people, not by those who presume to control them.
Presumably you live in a country where it's illegal for police to look at people in public?
Are you saying dogs should be able to poop everywhere they want because it's a slippery slope?
You say that no civil liberties were given up, but you are wrong.
Do you really support building a vast network of video cameras in order to catch some folks who don't clean up after their dogs?
"Do you really support building a vast network of video cameras in order to catch some folks who don't clean up after their dogs?"
Can't you see the potential for abuse of a system like this?
Who do you think I'm going to believe?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.46
