Original Response:
Pretty brave of those monks.  

Unfortunately, it looks like most of the world's countries are going to go ahead and participate in the Olympics, regardless of how many monks the Chinese government liquidates...
[deleted]
Possibly the massive and incomprehensible title?
You are aware the CIA is using those monks to sow chaos against China, aren't you?
I liked the title :(

Well, I liked the mental image of a propaganda-own-goal.  Like this is all just a game of footy.
Hey, I think the CIA is down modding you to make sure know one knows the Truth.

/sarcasm
I don't care. Modding on here is akin to democracy. It's rule by mob, and the mob is a bunch of ignorant zombies run by emotion, not facts or intelligence. Fact is, Dalai Lama is a CIA operative, CIA funded the free tibet movement, and CIA has a notorious history of fomenting strife against China by using the monks.

http://www.atimes.com/atimes/China/JC26Ad02.html
Hey how do we know you aren't a chinese operative working your own kind of propaganda?
I'm not getting paid [18k/mth](http://www.indymedia.org.uk/en/2008/03/394605.html)
It seems more urgent if you leave out the commas =P
Yeah, the monks wouldn't give a damn about sovereignty or Tibetan culture unless the CIA, specifically, rubbed their noses in tons of cash.  Those yellow and red robes look great next to swimming pools out the front of mansions.
Not attending would not make any sense at all... you see... the reason we see this, and possibly much more later on, is because we are attending and not just signing out.

Amnesty are actually saying that its better to expose china instead of just backing out - and I totally agree with that.
check out the BBC documentary about it: [The Shadow Circus: The CIA in Tibet](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOhDBo6x2ZY)
While I appreciate attempts to not be biased and say things like "It is impossible to confirm or disprove either figure because of tight media restrictions on the affected areas", I think journalists need to be more forceful about pointing out that the Chinese government is creating these restrictions, and would have a lot to gain from such restrictions if they are in fact oppressing people.

We need to stop acting like China (or anyone else) has a right to control media to this degree. They don't, and situations like this are a perfect example of why not.
I loved the part of that one game where Dick Cheney was trying to get in some propaganda during a press conference but then Keith Olbermann ran up and headbutted him in the chest.

It got Olbermann a red card, but I say it was still awesome.
Tibet is more than just a bunch of monks, and while the monks appreciate larger things in life than your mansions, they're still pawns. It's the same tactic being used in Iraq to separate shiite from sunni. If you like being used as a pawn to geopolitically weaken China, that's you, but now you do so knowingly. My conscience is clear in that you now know an alternative side to what's happening other than "china bad, must hurt".
I saw that, and you have no idea what you're talking about.  Cheney's heart had stopped and Olberman revived him.

Get a clue before posting next time, duuude.
Okay, but I still say Olbermann didn't know about Cheney's heart stopping and only did it by accident.
Its time for something drastic, passive but hitting their super-economy hard. And if our Eastern brothers want to become an aggressor because of it, I will volunteer to protect our lands.


But too bad our owners wont let us help, because our trade relations are too great with China's owners.
Why the fuck are white people so god damned obsessed with Tibet, and so intent on denigrating China, when America has been murdering MILLIONS of people for DECADES?

Are you people stupid?
Well, your version is certainly more ironic.
Of course, it is ABSOLUTELY IMPOSSIBLE that these monks were lying to the outside world...
So what you're saying is that only Americans use this site, only Americans post about china, only white people are obsessed with Tibet and good honest Americans who opposed the war have no right to an opinion on civil rights atrocities in china?

idiot
Yep I totally agree.  I actually think that if China allowed journalists into Tibet that they would get slightly (and only slightly) more sympathy about the protests (which have been very violent on occasion).

It serves them right that everyone is siding with the Tibet movement, they should never have tried to restrict the media to their point of view in the first place.
I think he's an intellecshual.
I bet you wish you were.
&gt; So what you're saying is that only Americans use this site, only Americans post about china, only

No, I'm asking why white people don't boycott American things.  I guess it'll be a cold day in hell before you give up those Levi's, huh?  No matter how many people they murder.
Why the fuck are you saying 'white people' all the time.  It's racist.  You think everyone who posts here, or lives in America, is white? 

Plenty of people on reddit have issues with America too but it doesn't mean we don't talk about other things.
&gt; It's racist.

You know what white people also love doing?  Pointing out racism and pretending like the person being racist didn't know it was racist.

Most people readily admit their racism - except white people.
Why are protesters described as "rioting", "disrupting", "denying" and "accusing"?

I find it laughable that the Tibetans in this article are being accused of "ethnic hate crimes" against the occupying Chinese, who killed more than one sixth of the Tibetan population in the years following the the 1949 invasion of Tibet, and who since then have engaged in torture, indiscriminate murder and cultural genocide against the Tibetan people.

When the Tibetans finally push back (nonviolently at first, and when nonviolence is met with violence, with violence)and China "cracks down" (read: more murder, torture and "re-education"), suddenly the media is paying attention to Tibet, as though this shit hasn't been happening for 60 FUCKING YEARS. The only difference is that it's a new generation of Tibetans who are frustrated by their oppression, and someone caught it on film.

In lighter news, my "Free Tibet" T-shirt is back in style.
Let me get this straight. You knew that statement was racist and you know you're a racist?

I cannot think of a worse username than 'intellectual' for someone like you.
Tibetans need firearms and lots of them. No one else is going to help, the cowardly, mealy-mouthed, compliant media certainly aren't going to help change anything.

Non violent protest in gangster states usually means death for the protesters. You only have to look at what happened in Tiananmen Square. Better to die on the battlefield than with a noose round your neck.
I don't come that cheap.
Note also that China *promised* to allow journalists free access throughout the country, as one of the conditions under which the International Olympics Committee put the Olympics there.

We should use the threat of boycott to pressure China into keeping their word.  I called my Senators and Representative a few days ago to suggest that.
It is better to hold out the possibility, but not certainty, as a way to get China to honor the promises it made to the Olympic committee, one of which was free access for journalists.  They're going partway, but not really doing what they promised they'd do, so we should go partway, and say we're considering boycotting unless they keep their promises.
just a few years ago white 'intellectuals" were labeling the rest of the population of earth as subhumans. many still believe that shit. how else can you explain their actions. white people are fucking devils, deal with your true nature aight?
[deleted]
this video does nothing for the cause of the tibetans, if anything it just shows that the tibetans got it good, they can spit out whatever shit they want about the chinese government without ramification. what culture eradication? theyre in their temples in monk garb, well fed, and speaking openly about stuff. sorry but this doesnt shame anyone. any government in the world will crack down on rioters. america did it in 1992 la riots. hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
So by your logic, a white person like hitler (like I assume you're talking about) represents all white people?  

Wtf are you talking about seriously? And still why with all the 'white people' stuff like 'intellectual' was saying?  

I take it from your irrational hatred of all white people that you're from some repressed country that has taught you that white people are the cause of all your problems?
lol repressive, you fucking wish, the only repressing is the oppression by white evil motherfuckers. theres a balance in this world, do evil shit, expect to be disliked.
Sooo you're from China then?  In which case you feel like the west is repressing you? particularly America?

The idea that everyone in America or Europe is 'white' is a joke.  Those countries are full of people of different colour and race.

And seeing as the west is opressing you so much, and (assuming you're in China), why don't you search the internet for 'oppression'??  Oh wait... It's blocked by your government.
[deleted]
Like how you assume everyone in America is white?  Or how white people are the root of the worlds evils?
bitch they are, dont even tell me white evil motherfuckers are not behind the fact that people in other countries cant even control their own resources

and i never said  that whites are the only people that make up the west. whites need their immigrants more than anything.
Your view of the world is worrying.  I'd love to know where you stay.

What resources are you talking about and please show me the evil 'white' guys that are stopping them controlling that resource.

Starting all your comments with bitch and dumbfuck makes you sound as ignorant as I think you are.
have you never heard of european colonization? capitalism? economic hit man? cia? us intervention, western imperialism, neo libralism, chicago boys?

capitalism was built and maintained on slavery and colonialism, theft of land, labor and resources predominantly from africa, native america, latin america, asia and the middle east by white evil motherfuckers

what the fuck you think you people are in iraq doing right now? destroying the oldest civilization on earth with not even an ounce of respect, the oldest artifacts stolen, its people slaughtered and its land occupied.
few ex of resource stealing
arbenz from Guatemala wanted to expropriate the land for poor peasants only taking a modest amount of land with compensation and what do you know cia coup overthrew him because white evil motherfuckers working for United fruit company thought it to be "inappropriate".

mossadaq in iran was killed by cia white fuckers because he wanted to nationalize his oil to help his people. 

they tried to take hugo chavez out because he wanted to help his people by turning the country more socialistic 

colombia should be richest country in the world with its enormous amount of natural resources, coal gold and oil but somehow they live on 3 dollars a day and it started because IMF WB white motherfuckers imposed loan agreements nullifying laws protecting indigenous land rights and the US announced Plan Colombia, an "anti-narcotics" war that JUST HAPPENS to be where the 3 most important  resource regions are located 

most of the conflict regions of the world today are places where oppressed people are struggling to GAIN control of their land and resources from white power

africa should be # 1 but it is straight up fucked up by white people this includes 20 million killed in Congo under Belgium in 19th century, the genocide by Germans in Namibia, the 99 million slaves for america, the millions of hands chopped off african people suspected of stealing diamonds currently and historically.

The incarceration rate of black people in america, police brutality, police racial profiling, police murders, etc etc

White people benefit economically, socially, politically, and have the highest standard of living off the oppression, enslavement and suffering of all the colored peoples of the world.

you westerners love to talk, talk about morality, talk about this, put on a false facade of actually giving a shit about the peoples of this world, yet western nations dont follow international law, and never follow the principles you profess. 

yet yall still want to sit their on your moral high horse yet their remains 2000 KKK groups in america alone. GO FUCK YOURSELF

i seriously can go on and on and on and on with more shit yall have done throughout history and currently but i ain't got the time and i think deep down you know if you have a conscience at all.
Then I ask again, what country or region are you from that shows none of your above crimes?  What idealistic nation of the world that has never done wrong do you represent?

The issues you've talked about are not 'white' people problems, they are problems of greed and corruption.  Who here would defend colonisation, slave trading, exploitation of foreign workers.

People in the west who talk about morality and put on a 'facade' about giving a shit actually DO give a shit.  You paint the actions of greedy corporations and western *companies* with the same brush as you do it's people.  People here react to the despicable actions of the west as much as we do to the despicable actions of the east, you only have to look at all the anti-iraq war threads on reddit to see that.  
The difference is that when the blame focuses on the region that you are from, you immediately jump to point the finger at the west and the 'whites' for their worse crimes (some 2000 years ago), instead of seeing the problem in your region for what it is.

The fact that there are 2000KKK groups in America alone is only testament to it's freedom of speech.  Show me a country that allows it's people to speak freely that doesn't have equivalents. NO-ONE here is defending the KKK.

Of course people in the west are aware of their past crimes, slavery, exploitation, colonisation.  But that doesn't stop them noticing current crimes.  Are we to ignore the human rights issues of the present because we were guilty of ignoring them in the past.  You simplify to much.  A wrong is a wrong and it should be pointed out no matter who the criminal is (be it east or west)
not one black panther group exists anymore because of cointelpro, but whitey can do whatever they want.

blah blah blah thats what you white mother fuckers always say. but the problems stay the same, yall never fixed shit. yall live in a "democracy" and cant stop these evil white motherfuckers??!? these corporations, and your government actions represent whitey so too fucking bad! Too fucking bad that instead of TRADING with people you invade and turn places into hell. FIX YOUR PROBLEMS FIRST and its a huge fucking list! Boycott American corporations, over turn your government before you expect other nations to follow.

Summary:
Why the fuck are you saying 'white people' all the time.
Like how you assume everyone in America is white?
You know what white people also love doing?
You think everyone who posts here, or lives in America, is white?
And still why with all the 'white people' stuff like 'intellectual' was saying?
Or how white people are the root of the worlds evils?
Sooo you're from China then?
yall live in a "democracy" and cant stop these evil white motherfuckers??!?
I saw that, and you have no idea what you're talking about.
No matter how many people they murder.
Plenty of people on reddit have issues with America too but it doesn't mean we don't talk about other things.
these corporations, and your government actions represent whitey so too fucking bad!
It's blocked by your government.
mossadaq in iran was killed by cia white fuckers because he wanted to nationalize his oil to help his people.
whites need their immigrants more than anything.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
