Original Response:
better article:
[http://en.epochtimes.com/news/8-4-3/68439.html](http://en.epochtimes.com/news/8-4-3/68439.html)
[deleted]
"_1998 figure from the Chinese government suggests there were 70 million practitioners in China_"   

Bad analogy

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falun_Gong
the article uses the falun gong members as its only source.  They are masters of missingormation.  Just visit the cult owned epoch times site and you will see why they are considered the Scientology of china
It's time for spring cleaning!
Link?
check comment below
So we should lock up and kill all scientology members? Dont even start comparing the 2 countries.
You are clearly troll based on your history. I said no such thing
ok apparently you aren't very smart.
Falun Gong is really just some kind of amorphous Buddhism spinoff, but naturally with some fusions of traditional local beliefs.

It's popular because a lot of easterners believe in something called Qi.  Please don't ask me what Qi is, I couldn't say.  I think it has to do with anime super powers.
It's the Chinese equivalent of Scientology.

But hey, as long as it's 'exotic' and doesn't involve Hollywood stars, it must be fine!
[deleted]
Qi would be something akin to flow of mana/life-energy?
I wonder why?

&gt;It was not possible to verify Falun Gong’s allegations. Officers at the Tongzhou district detention centre would not respond to telephone inquiries.

Story? What story? There's no story here. Just us chickens.

EDIT

Looks like they did try one other source:

&gt;However, a member of Yu’s band, contacted by telephone, said in response to a question about his reported death: “It is not suitable to answer this question. As you know, if I answer it I will be in trouble.”
I'd like to see some accounts of member experiences in Falun Gong organizations.  Google is not turning up anything in english yet.   I suspect the repressive Chinese gov't will say just about anything to justify its policies.

Without at least a little evidence to the contrary, I am willing to give them the benefit of a doubt that they don't bill their members up to +$300,000 to find out that they are the repositories of spirits some galactic space alien trapped after flying them in on interstellar 747s.  Or that once they are tapped out financially, they don't put them in a room with dozens of other equally penniless followers and sent them out to recruit new suckers.  Are they murdering folks or launching poison sarin attacks in subways?

I mean, at least not more than any other religion, right?
[deleted]
Several Chinese friends of mine compare it to Scientology.  Though, they say there is so much propaganda and misinformation coming from every direction, it is hard to decipher the truth of the matter.
The epochtimes is owned by the Falun Gong.
Qi is not meant to be explanatory, it's more of a way to visualize bodily coordinations.  It's not meant to be taken literally the same way the imagery used in hypnosis is not taken literally.
Yes, but you must admit it is far larger than the so-called branch davidians.  It is far larger than Scientology too.   Ergo the analogy is bad.
Does it keep its doctrines secret under copyright law?  Does it charge its followers money?  Does it have an explicit policy of declaring opponents fair game and an explicit policy of using the legal system as a tool of harassment?  Does it have induction exercises that closely resemble traditional brainwashing?

If not, then it has *nothing to do* with scientology; it's just a kooky cult.  The whole point of being angry at scientology is that it's *much worse* than a run-of-the-mill cult.
Did you bother to follow the link?  The statistic is actually from the [New York Times](http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9507E7D9173DF934A15757C0A96F958260).
My experience has been it's purely spiritual, primarily emphasizing non-attachment although there are exercises and meditations and such, but the forms are minimal.  Ultimately, it's purely spiritual.  People do organize themselves to pass out flyers and I have, but I didn't see the value then, because as the other replier noted, it doesn't seem to help matters as far as positive and meaningful social change goes.

What it is good for is transcending the material plane.  It's like that children's book, How to be Perfect in Just 3 Days.  Step 1 is going out wearing broccoli around your neck because it breaks down your cultural conditioning and habituated norms of behavior.  Sounds terrible, but it's not.  Being a seeker means breaking with the rest of society.  Some people might exploit this fact to take advantage of people, but Falun Gong is free and all of the materials are available online outside China.  

What this is about is that the communist vermin that temporarily run China are adamant that they be the ones to impose and enforce their notions of social order and "harmony" in order to euphemistically rationalize a political order that elevates low-class, uneducated fucks over enlightened sages through lies and violence.
or very honest
Oh, so everyone has a different opinion and who's to say what's right or wrong in this crazy mixed-up world?

God forbid anyone should actually attempt to discover the truth for themselves.
Sounds like your friends don't want their family members disappearing in the middle of the night.
Ahem.  Darfur is a bunch of bullshit for idiots with too much time on their hands.

Tibet and Falun Gong should rally the conscience of anyone who has one, because we're talking about the use of violence to retard people's spiritual progression by those who have no concept of the matter.  And THEY'RE the ones every soulless God-damned corporate or political whore in the whole God-damned world kowtows to.
The two have nothing to do with each other.  It would be more accurate to call it the Chinese equivalent of Yoga.
But, to the credit of the falun gong, at least western governments don't imprison and kill Scientologists.  This is an example of fixing an oil spill by lighting it on fire...

Its sad for everyone trapped in between.
The Chinese in the US are right that the FaLunGong is a evil cult. It refuses medical help and hospitalization no matter how fatal the illness.  My friends can prove that too as they went to their shows.  If even the Chinese in the US rejects them, you ought to think the CCP is right about them.  CCP have a hard stance on these cults and they have the right to be.  What most Westerners don't realize is that there are 1.6 billion ppl in China, you have to be hard and swift to have control.
The issue with the falun gong is that China has a lot poor people and there is no dominateing religion.  It had the right environment to become the dominate religion.  I don't agree with all the policies of China towards them but I'm also glad they are not more wide spread.

Summary:
It's the Chinese equivalent of Scientology.
It is far larger than Scientology too.
the article uses the falun gong members as its only source.
I mean, at least not more than any other religion, right?
The epochtimes is owned by the Falun Gong.
The issue with the falun gong is that China has a lot poor people and there is no dominateing religion.
The Chinese in the US are right that the FaLunGong is a evil cult.
I'd like to see some accounts of member experiences in Falun Gong organizations.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
