Original Response:
They better hurry up, [China, India and Russia](http://money.cnn.com/2007/04/05/news/international/iraq_oil/index.htm) already have straws in the milkshake.
Total was in discussions with Ahmed Chalabi about this a year before the war started: http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2002/nov/03/iraq.oil
I hope they get the fucking oil already. If we can't even get Iraq's oil then this will be an even bigger failure than it already is.
Iraq has 10 trillion dollars in oil reserves and the US could really use some cheap energy right about now...
Aren't Total French? The freedom-hating traitors that opposed the war? If they get the profits from it, won't that be a failure?
The U.S. could use more efficient, cleaner energy right now.
[Total](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Total_S.A.) is French. reddit fail.
In the short term, i don't think the Iraq war was so much about owning the oil, it was more about causing a massive spike in oil prices by destabilizing the region.

In the longterm yes those oil resources are going to be useful for ensuring Americas oil supply but the bigger benefits are the massive boost in oil price, corroborated by the record profits oil companies posted last year.
after patreaus all but stated we were there (at least partially) for oil and saw no public response, now they don't have to be so secretive about it.

we all just sit and watch blindly. people would rather switch over to a channel where people are talking about fluffy things. pretend nothings happening.
What's wrong with trying to get property in places KNOWN to contain LOTS of oil?

Saying otherwise is simply idiotic, something you would expect from idiots who have nothing to do other than complain all day.
Seems all the boys have been brought to the yard.  

But seriously, in either case, you can bet American, nay, houston-based firms will be brought in on contracts to evaluate and extract.
Milkshake, nice reference!
Who's the false prophet?!
yeah well that would take incurring even more debt to fund such research, which may not yield enough to get us in the black. 

we need a windfall of cheap energy to get us in the black, first, then we can start researching.
its only right to do so. Iraq has the second biggest tapped oil in the world next to Saudi Arabia.  any smart CAPITALISTIC company would go for it.  do you socialistic pigs on reddit here not understand that?
Dude my joke

its better than yours.  Damn right its better than yours.
There's no winning with you guys. If the war had succeeded and Iraq'd output 5 million barrels a day today and oil'd cost $30 a barrel you'd say it was to ensure gas guzzling America cheap oil imports.
Partial failure. As long as extra oil gets to the market the US benefits, being a heavy importer with a huge deficit problem.
Yeah, screw ethics and morals.
We understand that the costs are too high, and the benefits are too low.
It's wrong if the results are higher profits for the oil companies, and higher prices for the public. Very simply wrong.
Waiter, there is a digg in my soup.
&gt; There's no winning with you guys. If the war had succeeded and Iraq'd output 5 million barrels a day today and oil'd cost $30 a barrel you'd say it was to ensure gas guzzling America cheap oil imports.

The war is costing us either way. It was an illegal sham either way. 

And it didn't get us cheap gas, it jacked the price. So its even worse. You probably would have a little more support for the war if gas were cheap. Not more support here, but with the trucking bumper sticker crowd. Even rednecks have been, albeit slowly, realizing the whole thing was based on lies.
It is easy to criticize America for taking what  we can, but in a decade or two when food is scarce and natural resources = survival, it will be interesting to see where morals are then. Get rich now, its going down anyway, so even if you hasten it, you need to think about your future and your nations future.
"It's wrong if the result are higher profits for the oil companies" 

How's that simply wrong?

If you own a company, you can set the prices on the products. To say otherwise is just plain dumb.

A company should charge what ever price they want. If a bottled water company wants to charge $30 per bottle, it is fully entitled to.
In fact, oil companies can jack up the prices lets say 10 times. They wouldn't do that because it hurts profits.
&gt; after patreaus all but stated we were there (at least partially) for oil and saw no public response

Link?
This war wasn't about oil. Oil production was at its highest levels in Iraq before the war.
I can't stand Bush, but I don't think he went into Iraq to raise oil prices.  He is stupid, but I don't think he is intentionally trying to do stupid things.
Read the whole sentence.
I did, it did not make any more sense.
Companies are not obligated to public (some are due to special regulations of special business/business practices.) Companies are obligated to their shareholders. Shareholders want profits. It is fiduciary responsibility of the company to deliver those profits to their shareholders.
Bush said it himself referring to Iran's interference in Iraq, "we will do whats necessary to protect our interests."  And what "interests" do you think he's talking about?
Yeah, but with all the money we have/will spend in the war in Iraq, we could have the worlds first solar/wind/hydrogen/etc economy.  

Why invest in a failing industry?  We could put ourselves back on top as the worlds leader in renewable energy if Washington weren't so ignorant.
Israel. Oil lobby doesn't lobby for wars it lobbies for tax breaks.
it is not efficient enough, money wise. when it becomes more profitable it will be implemented
Not even wars that provide them a shit ton of oil? Come on.
oil production goes down during a war. There was more oil coming out of Iraq before the war than now.
Up to the second production, perhaps, but the rights to those oil fields will be maintained by the likes of Chevron and ExxonMobil once the war is over.
Oil is king.
Um, is it supposed to magically become more profitable? Without investing money in it there's no way to improve the technology, therefore no way to make it more efficient. It's R&amp;D man, economics.
I could be wrong, but I think that the magic number for barrels of oil was @$170 before alternative energy means are cheaper.
cowslip?
Let's say $170/barrel is indeed the correct number.  Now let's try to put a price on our failing economy, our declining world status, and the political clout we're losing. Also let's consider the lost time in not investing in alternative energies.
perhaps, but I dont think we gain much in the way of money from Israel.  Do we?  I guess they buy a lot of our military stuff, but they are not exactly some huge reserve of natural resources.
You fail to realize that alternatives to oil improve over time, especially when we stop subsidizing oil and start anti-subsidizing it with a carbon tax. Oil costs our society more than the price per barrel companies pay for it because of the pollution it causes, so assuming alternative fuels have to cost the same amount for us to be better off doesn't make any sense.

If we were working on making alternative fuels more efficient instead of fighting wars over oil, we could be off of oil before it is scarce enough to be an issue.
"We" aren't going to get the oil.  Halliburton and Cheney are going to "get" the oil.  You are going to pay for the oil and for the war.  As am I.
your position represents that of an awful excuse for a human being.
[deleted]
I've read this several times now, and I'm still not sure how the hell it's an actual reply to my comment. Plus you use 2 tenses in there, wtf.
watch his testimony ffs and stop being lazy. it was broadcast on every station except faux, who chose to have its windbags talk about how great bush was instead.
Operating as a corporation is not a right, it is a privilege, and all institutions should strive to benefit the society in which they are operating. It is estimated that the war in Iraq will cost the American public over three trillion dollars, plus the loss of all the lives. If the oil companies are going to profit from the war, then so should the public with lower fuel prices.
not only that, but we could sell what little oil we have remaining in reserve (and in the gulf) back to those suckers still using it.

win - win.
Any corp using alternatives now would be losing money, while others are gaining. Unless subsidized by the government (in which we all pay) you cannot expect any business to do that. They risk getting sued by stockholders. Once oil is scarce enough, alternatives would the the cheaper and more viable option and everyone will be devoted to development and implementation. The natural economy will straighten out with better with less intervention and the unavoidable pains will be minimized.
Maybe you need to read it again, because I'm not going to repeat myself, although I will bother to write this in response. (I used one case when viewed in context)
I can predict that talking point. Anything to add?  While on the topic of intervention, perhaps we should stop all the tax breaks for the oil companies?
It is a right in a non-communist society. I agree with the idea that companies should strive to benefit the societies in which they are operating. But I don't agree with the rest of your reasoning.

The Iraq war was a result of Americans electing  Mr. Bush. I do not see how you now blame the oil companies for trying to look for opportunities that present themselves. 

You, American people, are to blame for the 3 trillion wasted as well as countless of dead people, ruined families and destroyed homes and infrastructure. Leave oil companies out of this.
They might lose money in the short term, but the long term gains are well assured.
As well they are. But thats in the long term so we will see. Most Corporate investments need fruition in a fiscal year or so in order to be justified for extra unnecessary expense. It is usually the R&amp;D side rather than the consumer to explore
_Was_ and _are_ grammatically don't work together in the way you're trying to make them. So while I can read it again (and again) it still doesn't work, and still doesn't make sense. 

Funny how explaining yourself is apparently out of the question, because that's all I wanted in the first place. I never asked you to repeat yourself, dude.
i have a real aversion to watching liars that cant be held accountable for anything spew their lies. wont be watching.
honestly, i don't know whether he's really just trying to follow orders or whether he truly believes that any good could come out of what we've done over there.

i just wish there was some way we could convince the world that only a handful of people are responsible, as the entire country is ultimately going to pay the price for what has happened there.

Summary:
You are going to pay for the oil and for the war.
There was more oil coming out of Iraq before the war than now.
If the oil companies are going to profit from the war, then so should the public with lower fuel prices.
Leave oil companies out of this.
its only right to do so.
"We" aren't going to get the oil.
I did, it did not make any more sense.
The war is costing us either way.
oil production goes down during a war.
If they get the profits from it, won't that be a failure?
If you own a company, you can set the prices on the products.
Iraq has 10 trillion dollars in oil reserves and the US could really use some cheap energy right about now...
Oil production was at its highest levels in Iraq before the war.
The U.S. could use more efficient, cleaner energy right now.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.08
