Original Response:
I recently moved to Amsterdam and find the discussion here a bit more alive than in other european countries. Nonetheless, the german SPIEGEL was right when it wrote recently: "Wilders has proven already what he wanted to show: That all european governments and medias are a bunch of cowards". I'm still trying to find out if all these people know anything about this movie yet or if it's just pure fear that drives their actions...
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt; "If need be, I will personally distribute DVDs in the Dam,"

Someone needs to tell this guy about BitTorrent.
Hint: it's *not* the former.
There was never the slightest possibility that Network Solutions would stop him from distributing his film on the internet.

He's making the most of his victim status as a publicity stunt to promote his half-witted campaign to get the government to ban the Koran.
agreed. what a dumass.
WTF are you talking about? Of course NS can't do anything to prevent the movie from spreading - they just don't want any part of it. http://www.fitnathemovie.com/ is still down.

As for the "half-witted campaign" I believe that any person who has the balls or the suicidal tendencies to stand up against the tyranny of Islam is worthy of praise. I have nothing against Islam as a religion but I believe that if we don't step up against their horrible acts against free speech, they will not stop until they will see all women in the western world wear a burqa.
Wikipedia [has more information about the film](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fitna_%28film%29).
That was informative. But still: nobody knows any shit about the content. Imagine Wilders going: "There is no film. This was a stunt to see how you react. Look at yourself and wheep, cowards."
He doesn't need a real film, obviously.
"WTF are you talking about?"

Do you realise that the person who made this film is a Dutch politician who is campaigning to ban the Koran. That's what his film is about, trying to convince people to ban the Koran. What he’s campaigning for would mean a much more severe infringement of freedom of speech than Network Solutions refusing to host his site.

If you think this guy is praiseworthy then you admire someone who believes the way to respond to "horrible acts against free speech" in the Islamic world is to adopt authoritarian government in the West. That makes no sense at all.
Maybe he's just trying to push a discussion (not without self interest of course). But either way, there wouldn't be any problem with saying "You can show your film on the internet, go ahead, but we'll not ban the Koran."
Politicians don't understand what our assets really are. When they are threatened to take their army home, they say "never". When they are threatened to take the media down, they say "sure, why not?"
You already know what the film is about? Or are you judging the movie based on premature information? If so, maybe Network Solutions has a job for you.
I think here we need to clarify the difference between the Koran and cultural Islam.  does the Koran actually say that women shouldnt have rights?  I was under the impression that the way these women are treated was more a symptom of the culture which in turn is incorrectly justified by their holy text.  much like gay bashing in christianity.  he isnt anti-radical islam, or anti-social islam injustices, he's anti-koran.
Censorship is bad. Therefore, he should be censored.

Is this what you're getting at?
[deleted]
He aims to show that current practices rely directly on distinct lines from the Koran.
I would appreciate an open discussion between experts on the actual content of the movie afterwards, but we can forget about that, I guess.
The Quran literally states that men can beat their wives if they are disobedient.
No that wasn’t my point at all. I never said I thought Network Solutions were right not to host his site.

My point is that their ban makes very little difference to him and he is milking their ban to promote his whacked out agenda.

This story certainly is worthy of two posts in the top 4 of the worldnews subreddit.
When a politician who is campaigning to ban the Koran and then produces a film which he claims exposes the hatred in the Koran, it doesn’t take a genius to work out those two things are linked.
I agree with you. He is entitled to free speech and he is a fucking idiot.
[deleted]
&gt; does the Koran actually say that women shouldnt have rights? 

Yes, as a matter of fact it does. Women's lack of rights is actually central to the Quran, but that's not the point. The point is that anyone should be allowed to express their opinion about the Q'uran or Islam if they please so, without fearing for their lives. Gay bashing Christians don't have to fear for their lives, nor do Christian bashing gays, atheists or muslims. Our fear of offending muslims is a plague that has to be eradicated.
Network Solutions has a policy on what users can and cannot do with their service.  You can view it here:
http://www.networksolutions.com/legal/aup.jsp

This filmmaker agreed to it when he signed up.  If he's violating it then the host can terminate the service.  I can't see it as anything deeper than that.
The Bible also literally says that you have a right to sell your daughter into slavery (Exodus 21:7-11). I don't see too many people making a big deal of the presence of that passage in a book that's canonical to well over a billion people.
I don't care what his agenda is, I just firmly believe that anyone should be able to speak their minds about Islam or the Quran without fearing for their lives. I don't give a damn about this movie, in fact I won't even watch it, but I'll gladly share it on BitTorrent.
Where did you see me defending the Bible? But then, Christians don't believe that their book is the literal word of god, like Muslims do.
How could he be violating it when all that was up on the website was a boilerplate announcing the film?
In the Netherlands, you *can* ban literature if you can prove it is "hate speech". It is already done to *Mein Kampf*, and he wants to do it to the Qur'an on the same grounds.
There goes my respect for the Netherlands. They seamed sensible with their pot laws, but there is no such thing as hate speech.
personally I think the film is the wrong direction to go, and I'm highly against any attempt to ban the Koran (ditto for Mein Kampf, and laws against Halocaust Denial)

However the thing has gotten to the point (which is probably political mastery on his part, but well, whatever) where the film *needs* to be released because to not do so would add to the stiffling of free speech as it would add to the precedence of not releasing media critical of Islam because of the threat of violence.

I must say, I think hes a political genius, exploiting the hell out of the streisand effect and making himself out to be a defender of free speech, even while advocating the suspension of it.  I know that I'll probably watch the film out of sheer curiosity if it is released.
Good Background info. Anyway, *Mein Kampf* is so purely written - it should not be banned in order to show its stupendousness.
We can only discuss things when they are open!
You have to understand the context in which these laws were introduced. They were first enacted after WWII when many Dutch Jews were sent to their death by Dutch collaborators. At this moment there is a great deal of internal opposition to these laws.

If you can't respect a country for laws that they have established through a democratic parliament, then you must have some weird standards.
I would not want my business associated with a despicable man like Geert Wilders either. 

Would you blame the owner of a printing press for refusing to print pamphlets praising 9/11?
I can't grasp the existence of a right-winger who criticizes Islam. I just can't.
Your post self-replies, I like that:
&gt; the tyranny of Islam is worthy of praise. 


&gt; I have nothing against Islam as a religion



&gt; WTF are you talking about?
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Gay bashing Christians don't have to fear for their lives, nor do Christian bashing gays, atheists or muslims." ...Says who? I think that depends on who you do your criticizing around. There are a lot of trigger happy bible thumpers in the U.S.
[deleted]
[deleted]
If it's not a MSM organization, it is definitely a group of crackpot conspiracy theorists. 

Niice
&gt;Do you realise that the person who made this film is a Dutch politician who is campaigning to ban the Koran. That's what his film is about, trying to convince people to ban the Koran.

Sounds like a brilliant plan to me. Will he be targeting the bible next? We can go right down the line and ban all the adult santa clause books.
All religious books are hate speech, ban all of them. Especially the fucking koran.
Intent.
[deleted]
You say there is not a mentionable difference in these world views? Come on. Let me guess: You have been working on democratic political campaigns until you were nothing but a two-parties-system warrior.
Mein Kampf is not banned. The Dutch government owns the copyright to Mein Kampf. It's not illegal to own a copy, study or read it but it's not allowed to reprint and sell it.
His reasoning is: Mein Kampf is banned. Why not ban a book that is equally dangerous?
The difference is that this man is against the culprits of 9/11. The Netherlands and its neighboring countries are headquarters of Islam extremists. But our fucked up politically correct mind now demonizes somebody who has the courage to stand up against all this.
In Belgium, the extreme left party PVDA went to the elections together with an islamic extremist party. Partners in crime.
There goes the first amendment again. You can say what you want, as long as it doesn't hurt anyones feelings.
No, he's not, the Netherlands is not a headquarter of "Islam Extremists" and you're just backing him because you wish your neighborhood was more aryan.
Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands ARE headquarters of Islam extremists. 9/11 was planned in Germany.
In general I agree with you about censorship of any kind. However, what concerns me is that the Koran is a facistic and supremacist text which purports to be the *literal* word of God. While this means less than nothing to you or me, the effect that this has on the minds of the true believers cannot be underestimated.
Pure coincidence. Most of the Muslims in Germany are of Turkish origin and have nothing to do with Wahabbist terrorism. The Netherlands are also not Germany. 

Making a hateful movie and trying to agitate as much as possible as people like Wilders, who see themselves are potential race war profiteers do, will not help matters in the slightest.
You're still on the "They hate us because they are poor, that's all. Let's throw money at them." - team?
I reject your assumption that there is a "they" and an "us" for them to hate. I have nothing to do with the race/religion-baiters on both sides and want no part of their on-going struggle to make their retarded little slap-fight mainstream. 

A few thousand people worldwide who may be involved in international terrorism are no different than any other criminal organizations. The Mafia is no reason to ban Pizza because both are vaguely associated with Italy.
For example: in Belgium Islam extremists were captured that wanted to blow up a nuclear facility in Kleine-Brogel. in the Netherlands, the filmmaker Theo Van Gogh was slaughtered on the street in broad daylight by an Islam extremist. Don't come telling me there isn't a problem over here.
&gt;I reject your assumption that there is a "they" and an "us" for them to hate.

Very true, you caught me there. Good way of thinking. 
But I think the Mafia - example would only fit if their violent practices were written in the Pizza receipts and Italys catholic preachers would threaten everyone speaking out against the Mafia.
Geert Wilder's movie is not against people of a certain race. It's against a book that causes hate, violence and suppression. A book that caused billions of people to stay in the middle ages.
Why is it he has to be a racist to be against a violent hate filled religion?
Freedom of speech??? 

??????


??????

Anyone can SAY anything, can't they? 

(Obviously not)

But why are people afraid of saying stuff? 
Why can't someone print pamphlets praising 9/11. 
We are not barbarians, we can survive an unpalatable opinion.
You mean the racist/intolerant fucks who behead people who oppose their religio.... oh wait.
I'm no fan of religious texts, my point is that it doesn't matter, the concept of freedom of speech means nothing if you don't allow things you vehemently disagree with.
I can't grasp the liberals that will try to make it a crime for a child to say a silent prayer before eating his meal in school but will defend people that will literally KILL you for saying "I'm not sure I agree with your religion."
People who are planning to down-vote JonValjon's above comment, please read the explanation for this choice of words (which are appropriate in this case)

http://reddit.com/info/6d2r9/comments/c03in5t

&gt; If you think this guy is praiseworthy then you admire someone who believes the way to respond to "horrible acts against free speech" in the Islamic world is to adopt authoritarian government in the West. That makes no sense at all.....

&gt; I agree with you. He is entitled to free speech and he is a fucking idiot.
I always find it funny when people try to apply constitutional laws of an particular nation to a private company.

Netsol's terms of Use for it's hosting service clearly states under section 5.1 Restrictions of Use:
"Network Solutions, in its sole and exclusive discretion, may immediately take corrective action, including, but not limited to, removal of all or a portion of your Content and suspension and/or termination of your Hosting Services, in the event of notice of any possible violation of this Agreement or the AUP by you or your end users."

So in other words, if you don't like their TOS, then find a different provider.  Problem solved.
I didn't mean complete lack or rights - just less rights than men have. A lot of it is left for ayatollahs to interpret and decide of course. Still, to point out just a couple  things:


&gt; Allah enjoins you concerning your children: The male shall have the equal of the portion of two females; then if they are more than two females, they shall have two-thirds of what the deceased has left, and if there is one, she shall have the half; and as for his parents, each of them shall have the sixth of what he has left if he has a child, but if he has no child and (only) his two parents inherit him, then his mother shall have the third; but if he has brothers, then his mother shall have the sixth after (the payment of) a bequest he may have bequeathed or a debt; your parents and your children, you know not which of them is the nearer to you in usefulness; this is an ordinance from Allah: Surely Allah is Knowing, Wise.[4:11]

No fucking around:

&gt;  Therefore the righteous women are devoutly obedient, and guard in (the husband's) absence what Allah would have them guard.  As to those women on whose part ye fear disloyalty and ill-conduct, admonish them (first), (Next), refuse to share their beds, (And last) beat them (lightly); but if they return to obedience, seek not against them Means (of annoyance):  For Allah is Most High, great (above you all).  (The Noble Quran, 4:34)"

I can't say I mind that one actually.

Men are above women:

&gt; Women who are divorced shall wait, keeping themselves apart, three (monthly) courses. And it is not lawful for them that they should conceal that which Allah hath created in their wombs if they are believers in Allah and the Last Day. And their husbands would do better to take them back in that case if they desire a reconciliation. And they (women) have rights similar to those (of men) over them in kindness, and men are a degree above them. Allah is Mighty, Wise. (2:228)

A woman is worth 1/2 of a man:

&gt; 2:282 O ye who believe! When ye contract a debt for a fixed term, record it in writing. Let a scribe record it in writing between you (in terms of) equity. No scribe should refuse to write as Allah hath taught him, so let him write, and let him who incurreth the debt dictate, and let him observe his duty to Allah his Lord, and diminish naught thereof. But if he who oweth the debt is of low understanding, or weak, or unable himself to dictate, then let the guardian of his interests dictate in (terms of) equity. And call two witness from among your men, two witnesses. And if two men be not at hand, then a man and two women, of such as ye approve as witnesses, so that if one erreth (though forgetfulness) the other will remember. And the witnesses must not refuse when they are summoned. Be no averse to writing down (the contract) whether it be small or great, with (record of) the term thereof. That is more equitable in the sight of Allah and more sure for testimony, and the best way of avoiding doubt between you; save only in the case when it is actual merchandise which ye transfer among yourselves from hand to hand. In that case it is no sin for you if ye write it not. And have witnesses when ye sell to one another, and let no harm be done to scribe or witness. If ye do (harm to them) lo! it is a sin in you. Observe your duty to Allah. Allah is teaching you. And Allah is knower of all things.

Does polygamy count?

&gt; And if ye fear that ye will not deal fairly by the orphans, marry of the women, who seem good to you, two or three or four; and if ye fear that ye cannot do justice (to so many) then one (only) or (the captives) that your right hands possess. Thus it is more likely that ye will not do injustice.(4:3)

Last one, I'm getting bored:

4:15 As for those of your women who are guilty of lewdness, call to witness four of you against them. And if they testify (to the truth of the allegation) then confine them to the houses until death take them or (until) Allah appoint for them a way (through new legislation).

The awful dresscode is also mentioned somewhere in the Quran, if you really don't buy it I'll look that up for ya.
Dozens of people have actually died over some muslim bashing cartoons.
could you point me to something that indicates children not being allowed to say a silent prayer before eating? or are you making that up
The host was network solutions. Check out point 12 on their AUP:

&gt; Holding of Network Solutions (including its affiliates) or their employees or shareholders up to public scorn, ridicule, or defamation.

That is prohibited under their AUP. If you disagree with any of their policies and criticize them, then your site is suspended.
[deleted]
ooooh the irony. thread after thread of atheists' posts looking to ban a religion.... and all in the name of ...... free speech?

ooooooh the *IRONY*
www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBGIQ7ZuuiU
[Here is a group seeking to make it illegal to allow a moment of silent meditation](http://www.dailyherald.com/story/?id=60972&amp;src=2)

Numerous similar events have been brought to court over the years - here's a quick sampling I can find with a few google searches.

[Fisher v. South Bend School Board](http://www.becketfund.org/index.php/case/5.html)

[Houston School bans students from class and threatens to have them reported to child welfare agency for carrying bibles with them to school](http://www.adherents.com/misc/school_houston.html)

[12 High School Students suspended for praying together in the common area of the school](http://www.lifesitenews.com/ldn/2007/mar/07030609.html)

While I am having trouble finding a credible source to link to (Likely because of the age of the story,) in 1991 a school in the Northeast called the police who pepper sprayed and arrested a single high school senior for praying silently in front of the flagpole of her school an hour before the first day of the school year.

I have seen the video of that event (I was a politically active libertarian as a Junior in High School that year) but can't find it on the net now. As I recall, the school and city settled the lawsuit out of court when the ACLU even took on the case on the behalf of the student.

However you look at it, religious intolerance happens, and yes, there are liberals that would like to make religious activity of any sort illegal in school - hell, here on reddit, I have seen comments that children should be taken away from parents if they express religious belief because they are "obviously being abused."
You realize Geert Wilders is not American, right?
And let's face it. It's highly doubtful that the man has studied enough Arabic to read and comprehend the Koran in its original language. Translation of any work from one language to another is invariably fraught with many serious problems, misunderstandings, loss of implication and nuance. 

And it's more than telling that his film has a running time of 15 minutes. AS IF that could ever possibly suffice to explain in any significant measure a document that countless men and women have devoted thier entire lives to contemplating for 1300 years. Truly laughable.

He's made a 15 minute propaganda film to encourage willful ignorance, rather than encourage people to study and think for themselves. 

I wish more people would take it upon themselves to actually read the Koran in full and attempt to understand the context in which came to be before they presume to talk about the "tyranny of Islam".
Thank you for pointing out the tyranny of the masses the founding fathers of the US warned against time and time again.

Democracy means you have NO rights.
I lost a degree of respect for america when the patriot act was passed through a democratic (small d) congress.

Just because laws are passed by a legislative body that is elected via the public doesn't preclude that country, that citizenry, or those laws from criticism.

now personally I understand the context that those laws were passed in the netherlands (and in germany), but it doesn't mean I don't think they should be removed because they are hypocritical

Although as I understand it, the netherlands does not have a law aganinst holocaust denial. And although I find the concept of the government seizing the copyright of Mein Kampf, and not releasing it to be slightly troubling, its to me not a big deal as its not an outright ban on the book, and differs little from other countries except that other countries sold or gave up the domestic copyright.
the first link was about not allowing MANDATORY moments of silence, it said nothing about not allowing a student to say a prayer before a meal. the others were definatly over the line though, but not likely to go anywhere. not letting a student carry a bible is pretty obviously violating religious freedom.
Err, there is a huge difference between actively banning a student from prayer, and actively forcing schools to have a moment of silence.

It's quite obvious that the moment of silence is meant to be a prayer, and hence then it is school (government sanctioned) time specifically set aside for religion. Even you are saying that protesting a moment of silence law is trying to ban prayer, which is admitting that moment of silence *is for* prayer
Thanks for the links, but think a little about what you are saying.  You say it is "liberal" when schools attack Christianity, but it is not "liberal" when schools [force Christianity on students](http://www.atheists.org/flash.line/smalko3.htm)?  The philosophy that would force Christianity on someone is identical to the philosophy that would prevent them from practicing it, and nether is in agreement with mainstream liberal thought.

towsonu is correct.  Wilders' attempt to ban the Koran as hate literature is identical to the philosophy of killing others over perceived religious insults, with the key difference that he relies on words, not bullets, to make his point.
The fact that the democratically-elected congress passed the Patriot act can be understood if we take the context into account, much like the Dutch example above. The Patriot act was enacted just after 9/11. If you are American I'm sure you remember what the mood in the country was at that moment. Imagine what the mood was like in Holland after they discovered that thousands of their countrymen collaborated in the genocide of the Jewish people. Also, just like in the Netherlands, a few years after the law was enacted, there are many Americans (just look at reddit...) who now question the validity of the law... This is the strength of Democracies like America and Holland...

the ability to right wrongs.
You may be right, but even if we accept that for the sake of argument, it's pretty silly to think that banning the Koran would make anyone less of a true believer.  You cannot suppress ideas by banning books.
In fact, the body count for the Jylands-Posten incident now stands over 100.
[deleted]
I guess I should clarify, I didn't loose all respeect for the US when the patriot act was passed, I lost some, or a degree (don't ask me to quantify how much that is, because well, I can't)

Likewise I loose *some* respect for countries when they have laws regarding holocaust denial, banning of Mein Kampf etc. 

Yes, the amount of respect I lose (again, hard to quantify, just that it would be less in the follow case) if there are events that transpired (eg WW2, 9/11) that led to a heightened anxeity within the populace (and the government) that inturn led to said laws - however, I still loose some respect for not being able to stick to ones principles during or after a crisis. (Espcially if they stay on the books for a long period of time)

Which brings me back to that just because it was a democratic (again, small d for anyone else who is reading) legislature doesn't preclude me from loosing some respect for that country (both its citizens, and its government)
&gt; The Quran literally states that men can beat their wives if they are disobedient.

Urban myth, this has been debunked several times already:
http://www.submission.info/perspectives/women/wifebeating.html
That link does not debunk anything. Does the Koran say men can beat their disobedient wives yes or no? Clearly it's yes.
Your expansion on this topic is appreciated. 

&gt;a woman's testimony on financial matters is ‘worth’ 1/2 that of a man.

And this is so because in the context of 7th century Arabia, as well as through much of traditional Islamic civilization, women generally possessed much less knowledge about financial matters. Not because they were barred from it, but because their traditional social roles made them less inclined to concern themselves with detailed knowledge of financial matters. 

I bring up the point to illustrate that this detail, as well as every other detail, in the Koran requires more than a cursory reading of words to understand the meaning of what is being said, and the reason for it being said.
no better time to take advantage of bittorrent
You laugh, but this is not a small point and it's something that most non-Muslims completely misunderstand. 

To Muslims the Koran is the unchanged, literal word of Allah himself. To believe so is essentially what makes one a Muslim. 

The Bible, while some Christians believe it to be literally true, was never purported to be the literal word of God (you'll note the author's name as the title of several of the books).

This leaves no room for interpretation of any kind. To many Muslims, what is in the Koran is true; anything not in the Koran is not true.
No, I am saying many self-proclaimed liberals support these actions. In the comments to this story alone, there are calls to ban all religion because "right-wing" folks believe in them.

There is a gap approximately the size of the grand fucking canyon between banning a religious text and taking a human life by the way.

Also, where did I endorse forcing Christianity on students?
Yup, still not claiming it should be banned. More just musing about why I think the Koran is particularly problematic - and why it needs to be criticized as often as possible.
You're right the other links were cases that were ruled over the line. That doesn't change the fact that many self-proclaimed liberals do stand against religious freedom for Christians, but call people racist if they disagree with Islam aloud.
I didn't say that - I was asked for links to show that I wasn't "making things up" I did a quick google search and found groups of liberals that are doing exactly that, and government officials that had stepped over the line repeatedly as well.
[deleted]
Sorry, I just don't buy the "lost in translation" defense, and I have little respect for anyone that does.

I've been following Robert Spencer's Blogging the Koran series (at http://hotair.com/archives/2007/05/27/blogging-the-quran/) for nearly a year, and my personal opinion is that it is a fascist and supremacist text.

I would suggest that you take your own advice and form your own opinion, rather than taking the word of some mullah who believes the text to be the literal word of God.
Pretty much what Voltaire said:

"I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it."
[deleted]
No, I'm just pointing out that there is actually evil on both sides of this coin.
Yes, they can say anything, but they don't have a right to force publishers or web hosts to help them.
I think it said the guy was looking for other alternatives, not trying to force anyone to distribute his work. 

Still, if you think a publisher or ISP should be held responsible for the material that passes through their conduits, you haven't done enough thinking.
Have you studied any language(s) other than the one you were raised with? Ever endeavored to translate between languages? I have. And from my perspective, "lost in translation" is not a defense for anything; it's simply a *reality*. There is no such thing as an exact translation. And I'm not talking about the Koran or Arabic only, I'm talking about all languages. But consider for a moment a special aspect of the Koran. Tradition tells that there are seven senses in which many of the verses in the Koran may be understood. And that is for people who have an exceptional comprehension of classical Arabic. Seven senses! That kind of subtlety cannot be translated; no ifs ands or buts about it. The same thing is true of the Tao Te Ching. A serious Chinese scholar will tell you matterof factly that the Tao Te Ching has been translated into English over 300 different times by just as many different people. Each of them may catch an aspect of the original, but even if you read all the translations, it still wouldn't convey a complete sense of the original. The language is that subtle. 

I do take my own advice. And will continue to. There was a Muslim poet many centuries ago who was considered the most knowledgeable man of his day. At the end of his life he was heard to say, "My knowledge reached the point that I came to know I'm ignorant." In so many words, he recognized that a lifetime of study brought him to recognize that there still remained an awesome expanse of knowledge that he had yet to attain.

Indeed, you have to realize that you don't know everything, before you can learn anything.
Could not agree with you more. Another thing that needs to be considered, the Qur'an is a scriptures and the nature of a scripture is usually written with very vague wordings and language. That's why islamic scholars always deliberate in groups to try and come to a consensus as to what the meaning of a specific verse is. Even then they will argue quite a bit before agreeing with anything. 
So How is it possible that a person with minimal knowledge of arabic claim to understand what scholars have trouble trying to apprehend?
First off, I don't doubt your knowledge of the historical interpretation of the Koran, nor the subtlety of the Arabic language.

But in the end there is meaning; make no mistake about this. The main schools of Islamic jurisprudence are in agreement on a great many things. And, where applicable, their rulings contribute directly to the Sharia. In fact, there is agreement on so much that the "scholars" spend their time debating the technicalities of adult breastfeeding, as they are forbidden from questioning any previous ruling, let alone attempting to do some kind of 7-way reinterpretation of the Koran.

Not to mention the fact that a minority of Muslims even understand a single word of Arabic, let alone ancient Arabic. Presumably they get the same crumby translation we do (admittedly, I do without the rote recitation of a language I don't comprehend). Perhaps this lack of interpretive understanding explains the increasing radicalization in Pakistan, Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia, etc. Maybe we should sponsor Arabic lessons to combat terrorism? I don't know, I'll leave this one up to you.

Maybe one day I'll understand the "sublime poetry" of the Koran; I leave this door open (/puke). But at this point in my understanding, I don't like what I see. I dislike organized religion in general, and I find Islam to be an exemplar of everything I find particularly distasteful.

This Muslim poet sounds like a wonderful man. Unfortunately I see far too many Muslims today who are so unlike him.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You can argue that it was justified but it's still woman oppression.
&gt; Since you don't mind it, why mention it?

Why is it relevant if I like it or not, it's still a passage that is relevant to the conversation.

In any case you're right about one thing - most of the woman oppressing that goes on in the muslim world comes from interpretation of the Q'uran. Also I think the Bible is a lot worse when it comes to woman's rights. But I still don't think you can argue that the Q'uran is fair about women. It clearly states that women are inferior, one step below men, it repeatedly mentions rights that men have and women don't, even for the afterlife.

As far as I know, and I'm too lazy to find any references now, the Quran was written at a time when the structure of the society in the Arab peninsula was very matriarchal, a polytheist society where women priests ruled the land. The prophet came about with his single-god simplified religion inspired by the success of Christianity, that also restricted some of the women's rights, for good measure.

You may be a much better expert than me on islamic matters but arguing that the Q'uran is fair to women is an uphill battle that you can't win.
[deleted]
Yes, but it is a US-based host. I forgot the USA was one of those countries where you still have the freedom of speech. :/

Summary:
or are you making that up.
That makes no sense at all.....

&gt; I agree with you.
That's what his film is about, trying to convince people to ban the Koran.
&gt; does the Koran actually say that women shouldnt have rights?
does the Koran actually say that women shouldnt have rights?
And I'm not talking about the Koran or Arabic only, I'm talking about all languages.
Anyone can SAY anything, can't they?
But I still don't think you can argue that the Q'uran is fair about women.
Mein Kampf is not banned.
I don't know, I'll leave this one up to you.
But then, Christians don't believe that their book is the literal word of god, like Muslims do.
To many Muslims, what is in the Koran is true; anything not in the Koran is not true.
But at this point in my understanding, I don't like what I see.
That makes no sense at all.
I do take my own advice.
I think here we need to clarify the difference between the Koran and cultural Islam.
The host was network solutions.
You already know what the film is about?
Yes, as a matter of fact it does.
The Netherlands are also not Germany.
Gay bashing Christians don't have to fear for their lives, nor do Christian bashing gays, atheists or muslims.
"Gay bashing Christians don't have to fear for their lives, nor do Christian bashing gays, atheists or muslims."
Women's lack of rights is actually central to the Quran, but that's not the point.
I can't see it as anything deeper than that.
That kind of subtlety cannot be translated; no ifs ands or buts about it.
All religious books are hate speech, ban all of them.
To Muslims the Koran is the unchanged, literal word of Allah himself.
Thanks for the links, but think a little about what you are saying.
You say there is not a mentionable difference in these world views?
You're right the other links were cases that were ruled over the line.
To believe so is essentially what makes one a Muslim.
Democracy means you have NO rights.
Also I think the Bible is a lot worse when it comes to woman's rights.
In any case you're right about one thing - most of the woman oppressing that goes on in the muslim world comes from interpretation of the Q'uran.
And call two witness from among your men, two witnesses.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.33
