Original Response:
There are numerous videos floating around showing Saudi Arabian beheadings.  
 
OH THE HORROR!!!!!!!!!!
 
 Almost instantaneous death. We should all live forever warm and fuzzy singing Kubayah embraced arm-in-arm!!! 
 
Well, I do hope all executed and incarcerated people are truly guilty. 
 
Hey, if that society/culture/doesn't want drug trafficking and you know it and take the chance so as to make a profit and get caught and pay the known price? Tell Amnesty International to grow a pair.  
 
Or arm themselves, invade and force a change.
 
Jihad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm not a fan of the death penalty, especially if the preceding "justice" is pro forma or inadequately defended (USA, I'm looking at you).

However, of all the ways to die, this seems like a pretty decent one.

&gt; [The prisoner] kneels on a mat while spectators and guards watch. With one strike of the executioner's sword, his head rolls off and his body collapses in a heap

One hit, done. No potential for the doctor to inject a muscle instead of a vein. No electrical fires of your flesh.
I bet there are loads of "blooper" videos where  they miss and cut into the top of the skull, or the person moves at the last second, on Saudi Arabias funniest home videos.
In 2007, 88 per cent of all known executions took place in five countries: China, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and the USA.

Great company we're keeping.
The death penalty is barbaric, and no forms of execution should be accepted in a civil society.
[deleted]
Saudi sand niggers are not our allies.
And there was the guy who had his assistant watch how long he could keep blinking, as a proxy to how long he was conscious after beheading.

I wonder how much you would feel the cut in your neck. Do the nerves in your neck join with the spinal column below or above the cut?
I agree. However, many Americans don't. Ditto Japanese, Saudis, ...

While the ideal world is nice to think of and act towards realizing, we must also deal with the current world as it exists.
video... or it didn't happen
Actually, it used to be relatively frequent for the executioner to need to take a couple swings, especially if he had a dull or light sword.  People would pay their executioner to ensure he made quick work of them.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beheading#Painlessness
With 6.4 billion people on the globe I'm not going to get too upset about capital punishment. I'm far more interested in universal declarations of species and environmental rights than catering to a species that treats all others as its pantry. The UN is not our government and our reps there have no business signing us on for protocols that aren't vetted by and approved by our public.
I know it sucks that the US is in the back of the top 5, but remember that it's about quality not quantity.
IIRC, the theory is that a vast majority of the time you're gone out of shock. 

Something I've been thinking about since my dad passed away - you ever have one of those dreams that seems to culminate in someone waking you up or the alarm going off? It seems those dreams (which can subjectively seem like hours) are woven in the instant the external stimulus happens - your brain just fakes out the temporal lobe into believing it's "experienced" the linear time flow. 

The same kind of thing must be possible here - that you could experience a lifetime in the moment between the axe hitting your neck and your brain calling it quits. 

(Which see: 'An Occurence at Owl Creek Bridge')
Executions (esp. in the US) have zero weight as far as global population goes - since 1976 there have been 1100 executions in the US - barely a drop in the bucket. 

And if you want to be truly Machiavellian about it, and you were really worried about the population density, it's far more efficient to let serial killers remain on the loose...
Dr Beaurieux and the guillotined head of Henri Languille

"Here, then, is what I was able to note immediately after the decapitation: the eyelids and lips of the guillotined man worked in irregularly rhythmic contractions for about five or six seconds. This phenomenon has been remarked by all those finding themselves in the same conditions as myself for observing what happens after the severing of the neck...

"I waited for several seconds. The spasmodic movements ceased. The face relaxed, the lids half closed on the eyeballs, leaving only the white of the conjunctiva visible, exactly as in the dying whom we have occasion to see every day in the exercise of our profession, or as in those just dead. It was then that I called in a strong, sharp voice: "Languille!" I saw the eyelids slowly lift up, without any spasmodic contractions – I insist advisedly on this peculiarity – but with an even movement, quite distinct and normal, such as happens in everyday life, with people awakened or torn from their thoughts.
Next Languille's eyes very definitely fixed themselves on mine and the pupils focused themselves. I was not, then, dealing with the sort of vague dull look without any expression, that can be observed any day in dying people to whom one speaks: I was dealing with undeniably living eyes which were looking at me. "After several seconds, the eyelids closed again, slowly and evenly, and the head took on the same appearance as it had had before I called out.

"It was at that point that I called out again and, once more, without any spasm, slowly, the eyelids lifted and undeniably living eyes fixed themselves on mine with perhaps even more penetration than the first time. The there was a further closing of the eyelids, but now less complete. I attempted the effect of a third call; there was no further movement – and the eyes took on the glazed look which they have in the dead.

"I have just recounted to you with rigorous exactness what I was able to observe. The whole thing had lasted twenty-five to thirty seconds.
Experiments in the Revival of Organisms

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Experiments_in_the_Revival_of_Organisms

This disturbing film records the successful experiments in the resuscitation of life to dead animals (dogs), as conducted by Dr. S.S. Bryukhonenko at the Institute of Experimental Physiology and Therapy, Voronezh, U.S.S.R. Director: D.I. Yashin. Camera: E.V. Kashina. Narrator: Professor Walter B. Cannon. Introduced by Professor J.B.S. Haldane.
http://www.archive.org/details/Experime1940
I'm surprised at how many people haven't seen or heard the details of, any of the videos of beheadings from Iraq and Chechnya.

They didn't lop the head off of their victims. They sawed it off with a knife. In some of the vids, you can see the victims still grimacing and gasping for air, after all that is left to cut through, is the spine and spinal cord. That's right, the victims were gasping through their trachea, their chest was heaving, and their face was grimacing after their head was half severed. They were clearly still very concious and fighting for life, with only their spinal cord left to go.

I will forever be haunted by those sounds and images.

By the way, if you've never seen any of the hanging videos of people being hung in Iran, they were not dropped so their neck snapped, they were hoisted up so they slowly die, sometimes stuggling for quite a while.
Quality!? We do that pussy needle in the arm sweet dreams bullshit. Iran still hangs ya from a crane and Saudi Arabia still just cuts peoples heads off in public.
True and no doubt a great plot for some thriller. I'd rather see population caps weighed, calculated and then enforced. It'd be kind of creepy but given the immense pressures and problems huge population numbers impose on the planet, it'd be worth a try.
The death penalty is not an effective deterrent, it is not cheaper than life imprisonment, and is more of a burden on the legal system because of the inevitable appeals. 

The only rationale behind the death penalty is that of revenge. Now I don't pretend that I never feel the strong urge to get revenge on those who wrong me or a loved one. What disturbs me is that we've institutionalized revenge. Revenge occupies a mystical, almost sacred position in our civic life. 

Cruel and unusual? With each generation we make executions more "humane" -- we went from firing squads and hanging to the electric chair, then to lethal injection, and now to lethal injection with mandatory anaesthesia beforehand.  [The debate now](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baze_v._Rees) is over just how much pain we can and cannot inflict before we deprive someone of life. 

That we allow the state a monopoly on murder is unfortunately taken for granted.
Watching something like that would definitely make me lose my head.
That's a horrible way to die, without a doubt. It's torture, really. I haven't watched any of those vids, and don't want to. (I haven't watched 2g1c either, due to the same sense of visceral disgust.)

However, just to be clear, I don't think that murder by sawing through the neck is at all equivalent to execution by sword by a practiced executioner, *a la* Saudi Arabia.
Perhaps this is an elementary question -- but why in the hell would you intentionally watching stuff like that?  I mean, it sounds like you have some experience with it, and yet you say they haunt you.  Perhaps you would be better off not going out of your way to find such things?
Interview with a Saudi executioner

http://memri.org/bin/latestnews.cgi?ID=SD137406
So where is this supposed footage?
This thread is useful without pics.
What disturbs me is that execution by beheading is considered suitable "revenge" for drug trafficking in this case.
And life in prison isn't a form of revenge?  What other purpose is there?
For one, to keep them from continuing to commit crimes.
The horror of beheading? Where's the nice part then?
Saudi Arabia doesn't recognize Amnesty because they're still stuck in the barbarian ages 1500 years ago. 

Oh, and you can afford to say "piss off" to Amnesty and the US when you have that kind of moolah and oil.
Oh my fucking god.
Why do they have them kneel on a mat? Is it more comfortable?

"Hey I can't kneel there, I have bad knees."
Appeals are only a burden in countries that allow them, i.e., the US.
&gt; This morning (April 25), three more people were put to death in Saudi Arabia. All were convicted of drug related crimes...

China executes drug "criminals" too. It's almost like these countries were looking for another excuse to execute people, and then the US stepped up and said "Drugz R Ungood!", so China, Arabia, etc., said "Oh great, then we can kill more people then!"
I was only talking about the US. And the right to appeal is absolutely necessary; appeals (help to) ensure that judges and prosecutors followed the law.
GBTD
Come on it is just a good way to deter terrorist wananabe , those are our moderate friends in the region.
Yeah, but we don't go for the flamboyant but painless executions.  We paralyze then torture then kill . . . it's the only way to get away with it in this modern era.
Horror in KOS? It's only the hub of all corruption
Headed by your girlfriend in bed is the nice part.
Saudi Arabia's funniest botched executions, hosted by Bob Saget.
Headed by your already-beheaded girlfriend - even better! Because swallowing and spitting amount to the same thing...
There's a Borges short story quite akin to what you're saying, where an execution victim is "allowed" to spend years on finishing his novel in that tiny moment before death.
I would chose beheading instead of electric chair - which was invented by a drunk barber to "humanely" kill pigs.
but where's the video?
This is a grim and inhumane policy.  China tried it with [brutal results](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One-child_policy#Human_rights) including forced sterilization, forced abortion, and infanticide.

A far more civilized approach is to raise the standard of living throughout the world, which has the happy side effect of reducing the birth rate, as demonstrated by Europe.
&gt; Well, I do hope all executed and incarcerated people are truly guilty.

Guilty of what?  Saudi Arabia executes people for such "crimes" as apostasy and witchcraft.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Justice?
&gt; enforced

Congratulations, you're an iron booted fascist through and through.
So it helps the victims, does it? That would be included in my definition of justice.
More the middle ages of 800 years, I would have thought.
Yaah, and you're a human supremacist, a member of that ilk that believes they have the God given right to dominate and exploit the planet, to the exclusion and detriment of all non-human species, come what may. You're ten times worse than a racist.
&gt; you're a human supremacist

Of course. It slowly dawns on me that you people aren't. You're not for protecting the environment for the sake of mankind but in spite of it. 

&gt; You're ten times worse than a racist.

Putting people above beasts and weeds is worse than racial prejudice? WTF is wrong with you?
Hello, is there anyone... there? You live in a remarkable time of accelerating environmental degradation, unprecedented modern day species extinction and global climate change brought about by gee, guess who - and we shouldn't be looking at real and demonstrative solutions? You're strictly for the status quo. Lazy, self-obsessed and entirely without a concern for the damage our species has caused. Staying the course has gotten us into this mess. We have a population problem. It can be handled but countries world-wide need to be given a time line. A generous one and then the boom falls.
Your "far more civilized approach" is the pat answer. It's one we've been hearing from day one. And a global environmental crisis has grown from infant to child to teen to adult. And is now frighteningly middle-aged. We can't sit on our hands and be Pollyannas forever. When do you finally stand up and leave the table?
&gt; We do that pussy needle in the arm sweet dreams bullshit. 

It's only pussified for the observer. A lot of doctors think the current method is painful and unethical. It's more about avoiding the audience seeing disturbing seizures than providing a painless death.
Beheading is terrible. It normally takes a few strokes.
There are better ways to give your self a sense of worth than false righteousness. So someone stabs your whole family with an ice pick and you think they should be allowed to lift weights, read books, get 3 square meals a day, and play xbox for the rest of their days, all on your tax dole. Get a grip.
Prison: It's awesome!
I care because they are trying to export it like a virus to the rest of the world. They have schools funded around the world - one London based Saudi school was caught teaching kids that Christians and Jews are "Apes and pigs"

Summary:
I was only talking about the US.
&gt; Well, I do hope all executed and incarcerated people are truly guilty.
Well, I do hope all executed and incarcerated people are truly guilty.
I haven't watched any of those vids, and don't want to.
Saudi Arabia executes people for such "crimes" as apostasy and witchcraft.
It slowly dawns on me that you people aren't.
&gt; You're ten times worse than a racist.
Perhaps you would be better off not going out of your way to find such things?
I wonder how much you would feel the cut in your neck.
We have a population problem.
Watching something like that would definitely make me lose my head.
You're ten times worse than a racist.
", so China, Arabia, etc., said "Oh great, then we can kill more people then!"
video... or it didn't happen.
It's only pussified for the observer.
That would be included in my definition of justice.
The only rationale behind the death penalty is that of revenge.
It was then that I called in a strong, sharp voice: "Languille!"

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
