Original Response:
[deleted]
"A post-mortem examination was held yesterday. The date for her funeral has not been set but Paige’s family want mourners to wear pink, her favourite colour."

are these parents out of their fucking mind? the leave the poor dumb child unattended for too long and then they want mourners to wear a special color outfit..what a pair of selfish assholes.
It's tragic, but no one is really at fault.
How are they selfish? You think they just wanted to wear pink because it goes with their shoes? From the article, it just seems like they only left her unattended in her room for an hour or so (not that shocking). It's just bad luck.
I'm truly sorry for what I'm going to say, as I can't even begin to imagine the grief these parents feel, but... A four year old left alone for an "hour or so" is "not that shocking"?

I've got a 5 year old as well as a two year old, and I honestly start to get "wiggy" feelings if I haven't peeked in on them after a few minutes (especially if it's quiet).  Maybe if I can HEAR my older one playing, I'll let 10 minutes or so go by, but even then, I like to check in to see what's up.

Ugh, it's just a bad situation all-around, and it gives me a palpable weight in my chest just thinking about it, but I have to be honest about how I feel.

There just seem to be a couple of statements in the article that give me the impression that the adults could have (/should have) been more responsible with her supervision (ie. go PLAY with her rather than watching back-to-back TV shows.  Look, listen, and be engaged, not off doing whatever else was so important for an hour).

Sad, sad, sad.
http://www.thepaigebrowntrustfund.com/paiges_story.html
"She even said to Paige at the time, ‘You must never do that’"

Well, that solves that mystery.
Human children are such suicidal retards.

No other animal has babies that try to kill themselves so often. Nature is telling us something.
So, you never sleep then?

If you sleep, your leaving your child alone for an hour or more.

GASP.
[deleted]
You don't have children, do you? 
(at least at the level of intelligence exhibited by your response, I hope not)
That has nothing to do with the argument. If you want to trade insults, fine by me you spurious cow.

Do you sleep? Do you sleep for more than one hour?

If so you have lied and you DO leave your children alone for more than one hour.

Do step down from the pedestal, it must be cold up there.
My argument is thus:

It should take someone of even moderate intelligence to grok the inference of my original post that I was speaking about waking/active hours.

My children can play completely unsupervised and unattended, even freely hanging themselves with cords... IN THEIR DREAMS.

Beyond that, as much as you probably wish it were true in order to further your pointless argument, I have NOT lied.  My youngest has a chronic illness and sleeps in the same room as my wife, while I sleep in the same room as my eldest.  Honestly and Seriously.

Now, as for trading insults... Since it is obvious no one else is, or will be assisting you in the matter, I respectfully suggest that you GO FUCK YOURSELF.  I understand that is the preferred method of troll reproduction.
So you admit, you do leave you children alone for long periods of time? being alseep is akin to not watching over them. You are aware you children can, you know, WAKE UP when you are asleep? They could leave the room? FYI its frigging creepy you make sure you sleep in the same room as your kids instead of your wife and it is bound to fuck them up when they reach puberty but I digress...

I'm amazed somebody like you you could figure out where to put the dick in the vagina, let alone think they had anything to contribute about how to keep children safe.

I'm surpised yours havent found and drank all the bleach whilst you were trolling reddit instead of watching over them intently 24/7 like you say we all should do.
I find your attempts at both logic and humor endlessly entertaining.

The point of the matter is that you came trolling into the thread with a smarmy, GASP, misguided, GASP, and ill-conceived, GASP, attack on my point of view.

Any non-troll reading my original comment would understand the point I was trying to make about leaving a young and active child alone unsupervised.  Your petty apples-to-oranges comparison about leaving a child alone to sleep is not only a patently transparent troll-attack, but is simplistic at best, and absurd at best.

Otherwise, while you may think my personal sleeping situation is "friggen creepy", with a chronically sick toddler, it is a matter of necessity.  Your perspective about it only serves to reinforce my opinion that you have no children of your own, and thus would not understand the sort of sacrifices one is apt to make for them.  Please revisit this thread in 10 years or so and let me know if you still carry the same naive perspective you currently do (I sincerely hope not).

Nope, never drank bleach.  Yep, vaginas are no problem.  Feel free to be amazed.

My wife is watching the kids while I "troll redit"... You missed the part about me having a partner in the "24/7 supervision"?

The pedestal I'm on is called common sense, and yes, it gets a bit cold and lonely up here.

Anyhow, like the old saying goes... "Arguing on the internet is like winning the Special Olympics.  Even if you win, you're still retarded."  

I'm done, but I'll leave the last word for you, "winner".
I doubt you take rotating shifts watching you kids. Everybody has to leave their kids alone now and then and acting all high and mighty when nobody else goes to your extremes is well, assholish.

Remember, I'm not the only one who thinks your extreme. How many other parents *sleep with their kids every night* just in case one of them tries to commit suicide???? You only have one sick child, why does the other need such intensive care? If your way is soooo good and mere common sense how come the vast majority of children who are left alone for an hour don't die and end up growing into normal people?

Seriously, you have one fucked up minority world view. I Hope your kids dont need therapy later on in life.
I apologize for getting overly "hot-headed" in response to your original comment.

Summary:
Do you sleep for more than one hour?
If you sleep, your leaving your child alone for an hour or more.
If so you have lied and you DO leave your children alone for more than one hour.
You don't have children, do you?
So, you never sleep then?
Remember, I'm not the only one who thinks your extreme.
They could leave the room?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
