Original Response:
[deleted]
Lost me the moment they claimed al-Sadr's forces were Iranian-backed. What a crock.
Being the leader of the green zone and an issuer of statements on behalf of the US military doesn't really make one a leader but rather a mouthpiece.
and you know this how?
This is propaganda. 

Anyone who describes Moqtada al-Sadr as "a power-mad half-literate street tough with delusions of grandeur" Is just not a serious observer on this issue.
How can you be "half-literate," anyway?  Either you know how to read things or you don't.
Maybe he can only read four letter words.
Big deal. So a bunch of the ethnic factions have come together to pick on the odd one out. They will be no more united at the end of this than when they began, there will simply be one less competitor.
Let me just say to all the naysayers here: when we set out to replace strongmen with more pliable ones from some opposition faction, we do it right.

In both Afghanistan and Iraq, our farsighted strategists have found an ideal testing ground for their unfathomable (due to depth beyond common mens' ken) conceptions regarding the course of nations.

This is an integral part of the global War on Terrorism, which is founded on the profound idea that the fastest way to eliminate terrorists is to replace them with new terrorists.
Clearly a graduate of a US high school.
[here's a somewhat less biased article on the matter](http://www.economist.com/world/africa/displaystory.cfm?story_id=11332333)
&gt; Anyone who describes Moqtada al-Sadr as "a power-mad half-literate street tough with delusions of grandeur" Is just not a serious observer on this issue.

How would you describe [Mullah Atari](http://www.google.com/search?q=%22mullah+atari%22)?
&gt; How can you be "half-literate," anyway?

Eponysterical!
good news for fascism
Cos these kind of claims are never backed up with any evidence.
I think that people in general forget that "bringing democracy" to Iraq through the installation of a, well, US puppet in the form of Maliki won't really work. Iraq has a large number of ethnic groups, which all vote along ethnic lines. As such, it will be really hard to satisfy everyone. Besides, the so called election that happened in Iraq, was anything but an election. You really can't expect people to express their free political desires at gunpoint. What Iraq ended up with was not a government by the people and for the people, but rather a collection of tribal and nationalistic factions.
Iranian-backed is the ISCI party, together with its militia (the Badr Corp), formed, trained, equipped, armed and funded in Iran. They returned to Iraq post-exile after the US invasion / occupation. 

Sadr's a Shia Iraqi nationalist.
Iran has a simple strategy:  supply divisive factions (Sadrists or otherwise) in order to keep Iraq ungovernable.  We tried it ourselves in Afghanistan against the USSR, and elsewhere.

Now that it's being tried on us, the Bush admin. wants to find a good enough reason to "Cold War" the Iranians, even to the point of attacking them.

Now for the hypothetical:  what if the Maliki gov't manages to keep the Basra area stable enough to claim "success", particularly before November.  Does McCain have a chance?
Ok, think about what you're asking of the average American voter here.  This administration spent eight years training us to view all middle easterners as the same.  That way, Bush can invade one of them for something another one did - sort of like invading Canada because a Mexican bandit attacked you from a base in Cuba.  Now you want to switch gears so voters keep track of individual factions within a single country?  

After eight years of IQ-lowering Bush speeches, the average voter can barely locate Iraq on a map.  The thought process here is more along the lines of "Sadir?  Sounds like a bad guy's name." and it doesn't go any farther than that.
Sadr is clearly the most independant actor in Iraq.  Given the actual training of the Badr brigades (not mostly calling themselves the Iraqi army) by Iran, it's absurd to say Sadr is the real Iranian agent.
Your comment on Iranian policy is very insightful.  That's exactly what they're doing.  Now, Malaki does not have control of Basra.  The man who wrote the article we're discussing is a dirty liar.  Malaki's Badr miliata turned Iraqi army units were completely surrouned by Mahdi militiamen on the outskirts of Basra and the Sadr city stationed mahdi militiamen were raining mortars on the green zone.  Malaki called up some friend in Iran as a go between and negotiated a deal with Sadr where his people would go home and Iraqi army would come in, but they wouldn't bother any of the Mahdi militiamen or anything like that.  The recent attack on Sadr City is an entirely American endeavor and even that's not going too well.
It's an alliance of weak factions, 20 year exiles don't give you a base of actual support.  The Badr and Sciri branches are so Iran-soaked they have little popular support.  The only real forces in Iraq are the kurds, Sadr, Sistani and whatever confederation the sunni tribes have worked out.  Of those four Sadr is by far the strongest.  I doubt they'll actually bring him and his army down even if they are ganging up on him.
This article contains so many typical neo-con twistings of the truth it's hard to read.  Here's what the reddit tag should say:  

Little bit of bad news about Iraq: Maliki's southern strategy actually failed, Maliki has been marginalized and Sadr is looking more and more like, well, the leader of Iraq.
I don't need the "average American voter" to figure it out.  The MSM will parse what matters for them.  If Maliki "succeeds", expect CBS, FOX, and even the liberal MSM to jump in and talk it up.

The point is, the "surge" will sound successful, and McCain could reap the benefits, especially against ["Curious George '08"](http://www.ajc.com/metro/content/metro/cobb/stories/2008/05/13/mulligans_0514.html?cxntlid=homepage_tab_newstab).
Smoke and mirrors.  Maliki needs only to 'look' successful, and the 'surge' will be 'mission accomplished'.
Saddly that is how American politics works...
If Iraq ever stabilizes, you are going to see some world-class high-fives and media spin on how *everything* about the Iraq War is suddenly justified.  They will never own-up to the loss of human life, nor will they ever admit any fault or wrongdoing.  Nothing changes the fact that Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld,and others are war criminals and should be in prison.
you say this like there has to be just one Iranian "agent."

Moqtada al-Sadr has been in "exile" in Iran, he studies there, and has certainly made more than one recent trip.  Though you can't necessarily presume "official" backing from all this, the layout for multiple arenas of support is certainly there.

Is he Iran's number-one horse in the race?  Probably not.  Would they be unhappy if he came out on top?  *Definitely* not.
Don't forget their brilliance in securing black monetary sources (off the books, not supplied through taxpayer dollars).  This allows them much greater flexibility.

The most recent example is the surge in opium production in Afghanistan that happened soon after we invaded.  The profits from that venture are supplying the CIA and its cohorts.

Tin-foil hats unite!
Oh, please.  This has nothing to do with our efforts.

We work simply to ensure a glorious democratic future for the proletariat of the world -- where they may live under the iron fist of Liberty, free from the fear of today's terrorists as those are supplanted by others whom no one need fear for the present.

This effort may be difficult for you to comprehend, but by induction it is provable that it will result in a world without terrorism.
&gt; How would you describe Mullah Atari?

[waits]

[silence]

Yeah, I thought so.
[deleted]

Summary:
you say this like there has to be just one Iranian "agent."
How can you be "half-literate," anyway?
&gt; How can you be "half-literate," anyway?
The recent attack on Sadr City is an entirely American endeavor and even that's not going too well.
I don't need the "average American voter" to figure it out.
This has nothing to do with our efforts.
Sadr's a Shia Iraqi nationalist.
Now that it's being tried on us, the Bush admin.
Sadr is clearly the most independant actor in Iraq.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.05
