Original Response:
Very much so. Just look at other countries in Europe that have Democracies. They live in Freedom. Norway, Denmark, Brazil, Switzerland, Austria, etc. You never hear anyone attacking them. We should cut all our funding to other nations. Let them fend for themselves. Mind our own fucking business. Look how much we have sacrificed....and for what.... so we can be free? Bullshit. we are less free now than we were on 9/10/01
Correct Answer!

-3 points for flawed derivation.
Yes.

Iran would probably be more democratic than it is today if the CIA hadn't assassinated Mohammed Mossadeq in 1954.  Why?  Because he wanted to nationalize Iran's oil production.

My, how times haven't changed.
Yes, I agree that our foreign policy in the past has contributed to this problem, but I can not agree with your statement:

"From the information I have gathered, it is obvious that the United States deserved Nine-Eleven."

Those 3,000 people did not deserve to die.  I can't agree with anyone (us or them) deliberately targeting civilians.
In New York we see 9/11 first and foremost as a friend's sister, a local fireman, an uncle, a neighbor, a wife. We don't see it so much as policy, fanaticism and greed. That's why I liked Guiliani on 9/11, despite the fact I hated his guts on 9/10. (Of course now I'm back to hating him again, enough time has passed).
No.  They hate our freedom.
Yeah but how do you convey this to someone without losing all credibility? 

Half the people I meet in real life who have heard of Ron Paul say he's the "guy who said America deserved to be attacked".
Dear Terrorists:

If you are mad at the actions of the American government, don't attack us cilvians, it makes us just get behind the government.
[deleted]
This article reads like a 7th grade social studies paper.  I sincerely hope the writer has an excuse for that.

But what realy bothered me was that the writer gives us Hiroshima/Nagasaki as a justification for 9/11.  The logic used for this sounds a lot like the logic extremists use to justify blowing up children on a school bus.  He makes no attempt to understand why the nuclear weapons were used in WW2, and simply assumes it to be an act of blind aggression.  It disturbs me that people actually believe this.  Japan was a monstrous superpower at the turn of the century.  They were worse on human rights records than China, and (just like our current enemy) didn't mind killing themselves to take out a few enemies.  Was it a good thing that we killed women and children?  Of course not.  But the truth of the matter is that the show of force saved lives.  Up to a million lives.

You also have to consider that the majority of US citizens weren't even alive to have witnessed that.  Should we have to pay for our forefathers' sins?  If so, why aren't we punishing the british for their apartheid rule over Africa and France for Napoleon's actions?

I'm not offended by this article.  Everyone is entitled to an opinion.  I just wish people would consider alternate viewpoints before deciding 5000 people deserved to die.
Out here in the rest of the world, we saw the events of 11/9 co-opted by a blatantly partisan USA to justify a horrendous war of aggression.
Conveniently forgotten in double quick order was the fact that people from around the globe lost their lives in the events of that day - I lost a former work colleague who was from the UK.
Not to diminish the tragedy for New Yorkers, but please ease up on the idea that it was an attack on the USA - many of us felt that it was more an attack on the idea of globalised capitalism that day...
Apologies, my point was definitely unclear in my first response. I definitely think the US was asking for a retaliation. And I agree with your points, it was an attack on capitalism.

But my point was that 9/11 meant something *personal* to New Yorkers, and that's how we *first* react, we can't help it. Just New Yorkers. New York City is an island. We're not like the rest of America. People we personally knew were killed, and we didn't see it on TV. And we're very angry, because in our city, we're amongst the most progressive-minded people in the world, and we paid with New Yorker's blood for the ill-fated policies made by non-New Yorkers.

Don't worry, it was not an attack on the USA. It was an attack on Lower Manhattan, which if you have never visited New York or the rest of America, bears little to no resemblance to 95% of the rest of the country—physically, population, culturally or otherwise. 70% of Manhattanites don't own a car. Over 50% of us aren't white. We're aren't as fat or gluttonous as the rest of America.

This is how we see America:
http://media.lawrence.com/img/special/steinberg-newyorker.jpg

Before 9/11, New Yorkers were considered vile, debaucherous and evil to the rest of America. They hated us. It was fine, fuck 'em. And now the rest of America are our buddies? I was on a layover in a flyover state, and saw more 9/11 memorabilia there than in New York! What's going on here?

Ask most New Yorkers if they'd like to secede into an independent city-state. Most say *YES.* New York has a history of trying to cut ties to the rest of America:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_City_secession

To truly attack America would be to bomb all Wal-Marts, put oil slicks on all interstate highways and nerve-gas all shopping malls. There are no Wal-Marts in the City of New York. We won't let them in. Fuhgeddaboutit.
Good points well clarified.
I lived on East 65th Street for a couple of  months during the garbage strike in the early Nineties, my partner of the time having been sent to work in NY by her company. I thoroughly enjoyed the city and the people and would return any time given the chance.
You (the collective you) didn't deserve to be singled out for the ills and failings of successive imperial regimes, but unfortuantely New York is a potent symbol.

Would that the events of that day had not happened at all...
1,  Japan wasn't a superpower by the turn of the century. The Meiji Restoration had just happened and they scarcely had moved from the feudal system by the turn of the century as you said. Neither was it during WW2, which happened in the middle of the next century. It was a military superpower, but the technology was russian. One of the main reason it became a superpower in technology WAS the sanctions imposed by USA after the WWII, which forced Japan to buy the technology from you, and they promptly used it to learn and improve.

2, It WAS an act of blind aggression. Think. TWO bombs were dropped. If the reason was to show the powerful weapon US had to force Japan to withdraw, why drop TWO? One ought to be enough. They weren't dropped to stop the war. They were dropped because they wanted to test it, and they wanted to show Russia the results. Arthur Silber wrote about it more than once. http://powerofnarrative.blogspot.com/2006/06/culture-of-lie-ii-loathsome-lies-in.html


3, Even if what the government told you WAS true, and it saved American lives, IS an American live worth so much to you that 90000 japanese should be killed, part of their territory turned into a wasteland for decades to come, countless more people suffer from the effects of the radiation during decades, only so you could save some thousands that would die if you ATTACKED the Japan? Why not simply offer peace and spare both costs? You couldn't, could you? You had to have an "unconditional surrender" or nothing. That's what make the whole world sick of USA. You equate the death of 5000 Americans with the death of over A MILLION Iraqis and you still find the 5k deaths worth MORE. The lives of the Americans were priceless? The lives of the Iraqis were worth how much to you?
4, ALL soldiers that go to war don't mind killing themselves to bring down a few enemies. If an American soldier is captured and pulls the pin of a grenade to kill himself together with his capturers, he 'sacrificed' himself and is considered a martyr. If a japanese soldier throws his out of ammunition plane into another to bring it down, then is he crazy?

5, The show of force costed more lives than it saved, no matter the bullshit propaganda of your state telling you a million lives were saved. There ARE official statistics, presented on the Silber's Article, and it shows far less than a million. Far less than the 90k the bomb killed. Of course, you could have saved all those 90k lives AND the american lives would you offer peace, but USA isn't known today by its diplomatic efforts, and the history shows that it wasn't a change, and the current facts are showing that it isn't going to change anytime soon.

6, Yes, you should pay for your forefather's sins. http://www.arm.arc.co.uk/FAQs.html#12  If not for those, you should FOR SURE pay by your own government sins, because the war of aggression on Iraq wasn't needed and you did nothing to prevent it, neither are you doing right now to stop it.

7, The british apartheid rule on Africa hasn't ended yet.

8, The french payed for Napoleon sins already. They are no longer a superpower.
I like the bunch of typo's in the article. Although I agree with his conclusion to a degree I don't generally agree with the path he took to get there. To compare Hiroshima and Nagasaki with 9/11 is rediculous. The one is an act of war and the other of terrorism. The sheer magnitude of the scaring the bejeezus into the Japanese probably save more Japanese and Americans than it killed. Not so with 9/11. That only caused a snowball effect of death. The thing that got the US into this crap is the holier than thou attitude it takes on other countries while trying to play  puppet master.
1. You're right.  I'm sorry about that one.

2. Japan was given multiple ultimata before and after Hiroshima.  The second bomb was dropped because the first one wasn't convincing enough.

3. I was never equating the value of a life relative to another.  But the atomic bombs had a point.  They were intended to put an abrupt end to a war and save lives on both sides.  We can argue how many lives until the end of time, but there was a somewhat reasonable cause behind those bombs.  What was the reason behind 9/11?  Why did those people have to die?  It didn't save lives.  I can guarantee you that.  It was a message of provocation and hatred.  Much different, if you ask me.  And please don't try to misdirect the conversation to what happened as a cause of 9/11.  I do not support what is happening in Iraq right now.
4, Yes, a man blowing himself up with a grenade is crazy.  But it's also frowned upon in the US Army.  I haven't heard many reports of it happening, because we don't tell people to kill themselves for any reason.  Meanwhile, the man driving his plane into a boat to sink it is perfectly sane.  He's being ordered to do so, and he is ending lives, not saving them.  Keep in mind that the attacks on Pearl Harbor were unprovoked.  Japan was not defending themselves.  Nothing about that attack was saving fucking lives.

 6, I can tell you personally that I've gained a ton in my life from the atomic bombs being dropped.  I think that if the war in Japan had gone on for much longer and kept the US distracted enough, Hitler may have been able to conquer large portions of Eastern Europe, including Spain, which parts of my family resided in at the time.  I may not have been born.  But by the same logic you're using to justify attacks on US soil, I have the right to attack anyone who has gained from my losses.  Especially ones I cannot help, such as paying taxes to support welfare, or Eastern Europe benefiting right now from the weakness of the dollar.  But to me, that's not a freakig justification for an attack.  It's just how things work.

 7, Then apply my statement to those areas of Africa in which apartheid has ended.

 8, So are you equating economic loss with loss of life now?  We deserved to have our people killed but France just had some money taken from them, and that's fair?  Seems a tad hypocritical.
And you completely neglect the fact that many of the millions dead in Iraq are due to terrorists blowing up THEIR OWN PEOPLE.  I fail to see how those morons are our responsibility when we're trying to stop them.
2, Japanese was informed that USA wanted their unconditional rendition. In Japanese culture, it meant that the Emperor would be killed. They replied informing that they would accept any proposal of rendition that wasn't an unconditional one. USA refused without bothering to understand what it meant. And the second bomb was dropped because it was a different kind of the first and they wanted to test both.

3, The cause of the bomb was, and always will be to test them and show their power to Russia. What you were told was propaganda. The same propaganda your government used to rally the population into war on Iraq. The blowing up of the Twin Towers didn't save any lives, but neither did all the rockets your government has been launching on Iraq SINCE the Bill Clinton government. It was a message of hatred, yes, but not of of provocation. USA has been sanctioning Iraq economically and attacking it military since the Bill Clinton government, both for no reason whatsoever. It was a message of hatred because of all the desctruction and death that was brought upon them since then.
4, Wrong. The attack on Pearl Harbor was a tactical manuever to prevent it from attacking Japan from Pacific, because the Japan Intelligence was sure that, once England was attacked on WWII, USA would join its side. Attacking Pearl Harbor preempitvely probably was what made Japan last so long in WWII.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attack_on_Pearl_Harbor

6, Your argument is pretty much aligned with what your government justification to attack Iran. We both know they are fallacies. And you are historically innacurate. When the bombs were dropped, German had ALREADY surrendered. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atomic_bombings_of_Hiroshima_and_Nagasaki
Because of the outcome of WWII, USA became a superpower. Ask anyone that was alive then, and you would know that USA wasn't the world leader before the end of WWII. England was.
http://wiki.answers.com/Q/What_was_the_outcome_of_World_War_2

7, Why aren't we punishing them? I don't know. Maybe because it's got a permanent seat on UN, and the backing of USA to veto any possible punishment we could ask for it? While both are world superpowers, neither will be punished. It is one of the good things of being a superpower. You do what you want and you pay regard to no one.

8,
For one, the Napoleonic war was in no way worse than any of the wars that happened during that period of stabilization in Europe, except on the fact that Napoleon nearly did bring all Europe under his rule, while most other wars mostly switched small territories. If you want to punish France for the Napoleonic war, then you ought to blow up the whole Europe as not a single country there didn't start a war themselves.
For two, France didn't drop a bomb into anyone.
For three, France doesn't keep military bases in 130 countries around the world, sometimes against the country's will, hurting its soreveign.
For four, France didn't test chemical weapons on other countries, didn't rain rocket other country for over a decade, didn't economically hurt other country with sanctions for years, and didn't prevent technological progress of other country and when the other country answered, claimed it was unprovoked and turned other country into a pile of ruins.
For four, it wasn't 'some money'. Think of "USA becoming South Africa" ammount of money.

Summary:
Nothing about that attack was saving fucking lives.
And I agree with your points, it was an attack on capitalism.
Don't worry, it was not an attack on the USA.
I do not support what is happening in Iraq right now.
For two, France didn't drop a bomb into anyone.
It is one of the good things of being a superpower.
The lives of the Iraqis were worth how much to you?
The lives of the Americans were priceless?
Why did those people have to die?
He's being ordered to do so, and he is ending lives, not saving them.
But the atomic bombs had a point.
They weren't dropped to stop the war.
The second bomb was dropped because the first one wasn't convincing enough.
1,  Japan wasn't a superpower by the turn of the century.
They are no longer a superpower.
The one is an act of war and the other of terrorism.
Would that the events of that day had not happened at all...
We're not like the rest of America.
It's just how things work.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.11
