Original Response:
War is hell, and boys will be boys. It's not like they were raping little kids or .... wait .... er .... nevermind.
[deleted]
what the heck are boys doing in abu ghraib??
Local Iraqis turned in random farmers and other people (including children) for two main reasons:

(1) Out of spite, to get back at people they didn't like (documented); and

(2) To collect rewards (documented).
Is it worth installing Real Player?
Context:  [Congratulations, America. This is Being Done in YOUR Name](http://georgewashington2.blogspot.com/2008/05/they-torture-children-dont-they.html)
I'm Pulit-Surprised no one has put a stop to this yet.
Never....no matter what.... Real Player is evil...and crappy.
NOOOOOO!! don't do that!
the story don't say if the boys wanted it... just kidding.
If you saw Errol Morris' film [*Standard Operating Procedure*](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0896866/) this would not come as a surprise.
[deleted]
This has been known for at least 4 years now. Seymour Hersh was talking about this back in '04.
such unspeakable pure evilness being reported on and you make a fucking joke.

but, to be fair, suckling one's news from the propagandist's TitVideo, i guess you have no choice.
Well that's not cool.
Exporting American values.
hyuk good one Leroy.
Really folks, face the facts.  It doesn't matter how many children our President rapes.  As long as he does not have a consensual blow job with an intern, he won't be impeached.  Period.
not everyone heard of the crimes against humanity being committed there.

perhaps this second dozenth go 'round humanity will wake the fuck up and get mad and do something about this fascist bullshit.
if you can do it in a virtual machine after taking a snapshot, and roll it back afterwards.
The thing is, you tell an 'ordinary' neo con this, and I bet that they will either flat out disbelieve the information or, even worse, tell you that raping boys at Abu Ghraib is just fine and dandy because they're the enemy/they don't count/they're nothing they can do about it and soooo?

When we've said, but this will increase the chances of war in the future, again they don't care or they get interested because of the whole biblical implications and/or 'war makes men of you' idea. 

I wish more people were marching on Washington, calling for impeachment, but I hate to say it, but much like the Nazi era in Germany to do so would mean that many americans would have to admit they were wrong about voting for and supporting Bush so fervently.  Truth and justice goes out the window because politics is a sport and you can't betray your team.
Get with the program. We live in post-Gleichschaltung Weimar Amerika. All one can do is make jokes and have another drink.
You left out a key reason.  Innocent people were getting snatched off the streets for no reason by american soldiers.  Everyone in the prison wasn't "turned in" by someone looking to make a buck or settling a score.  Also the soldiers shouldn't be too stupid or uncaring to realize that a little kid isn't an enemy combatant I dont give a fuck what a revenge seeking or money grubbing person off the street said.
[deleted]
[deleted]
This is from four years ago, saying that the evidence will come out soon, and yet there's no evidence of this.  How exactly does the guy know about the soundtrack of the shrieking?

I love America-bashing as much of the next Redditor, but there are plenty of substantiated things for me to get angry about.
[no](http://www.germannotes.com/hist_ww2_gleichschaltung.shtml)
PATRIOT Acts aproximate the Gleichschaltung. And we are in a currency collapse. If it walks like a duck...
In a subsequent interview with New York magazine, Hersh regretted that "I actually didn’t quite say what I wanted to say correctly...it wasn’t that inaccurate, but it was misstated. The next thing I know, it was all over the blogs. And I just realized then, the power of—and so you have to try and be more careful."[28]
[deleted]
[deleted]
In fact, if you clicked the link, you'd see that this *is* an article about Sy Hersh from 2004.
I don't know how the perpetrators live with themselves.  Why can't we impeach these guys??!!! Now!!
you're taking a noble stand, all except for the self-defeatism
THIS HAS BEEN DISAVOWED BY SEYMOUR HERSH
[deleted]
Crimes against humanity?  Don't you think that's a bit much?  The NYPD once raped a guy with a broomstick and I don't recall anyone being flown to the Hague over that.
argue for defeat, and it will be yours.
i know wikipedia isn't the greatest of sources but please, this is bullshit, look here

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seymour_Hersh#Speeches
Why do you consider the U.S. in a currency collapse? Inflation has been worse:
http://www.gocurrency.com/img/inflation.JPG

Horrific acts by the military have happened throughout history. I don't think I'd throw in the towel for the U.S. yet. But I realize shouting doom and gloom is more interesting than looking at problems objectively.
If you do not master your rage, your rage will be your master.
LOL, why the hell did somebody down-mod you?  WHY??!

ROFL
You take humanity out of these guys and you don't expect retaliation?
[deleted]
Followup:

http://nymag.com/nymetro/news/people/features/11719/
source?
if you do not master your peace, peace will be your master.
Did he say what part he mis-stated, or which part "wasn't THAT inaccurate" and which parts were accurate?
When you can balance a tack hammer on your head, you will head off your foes with a balanced attack.
[deleted]
I don't think it's "little kids", more like 14-16 year old boys (who can still be hardened killers at that age).
Just to follow up, can someone please post the video in a better video hosting site?  I also don't like Real Player.
If I'd clicked the link, it would've just sent me into flashbacks of that foul time in the spring of 2005, when I spent too many waking hours of the day poring over news articles about Abu Ghraib, PNAC, and other sundry atrocities perpetrated since January '01 to provide source material for a paper that, upon completion, left me terrified for the country.

I wisely passed on that opportunity.
Yeah those stupid American soldiers. What were they thinking rounding up teenagers that were hiding explosives, chucking grenades, and firing their guns?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seymour_Hersh#Speeches
I remember Bill O'Reiley saying that if anyone in the press were to leak these sort of tapes they should be put in jail for treason because it "helps the enemy"
&gt;not everyone heard of the crimes against humanity being committed there.

Which really raises the question - why isn't there any war crimes tribunals going on?  Milosevic was teh evil but Bush is a good guy?  Makes no fucking sense to me.
&gt; THIS HAS BEEN DISAVOWED BY SEYMOUR HERSH

No, it hasn't.

Your [source](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seymour_Hersh#Speeches) says

&gt; In a subsequent interview with New York magazine, Hersh regretted that "I actually didn’t quite say what I wanted to say correctly...*it wasn’t that inaccurate, but it was misstated.* The next thing I know, it was all over the blogs. And I just realized then, the power of—and so you have to try and be more careful."[28] In his book, Chain of Command, *he wrote that one of the witness statements he had read described the rape of a boy by a foreign contract interpreter at Abu Ghraib, during which a woman took pictures.[28]*

and

&gt; At a Columbia University speech given by Hersh in June 2004, author Rick Perlstein reported:
“ 	[Hersh] said he had seen all the Abu Ghraib pictures. He said, "You haven't begun to see evil..." then trailed off. He said, "horrible things done to children and women prisoners, as the cameras run." 

He's saying that some details were wrong, but the core accusation  - children being raped - was correct.  This appears in his book, presumably the authoritative word.
they were on youtube almost 2 years ago, but they were promptly removed, and i was called a tin hat wearing anti american jew hater holocaust denying nutcase 9/11 twooooooofer for claiming that they existed.

yay democracy
LOL, OK, now why am I being down-modded... is it just to be funny?

When I posted that, he was at 0 or -1.
I think you're getting pummeled for using all the silly acronyms like LOL and ROFL, mostly.
&gt;Why do you consider the U.S. in a currency collapse? Inflation has been worse

There's independent accounts of inflation that are a lot higher - at around 9% or so.  Food prices are up, energy prices are up.
Ahhh, I love the smell of sarcasm on the internet... smells like... smugness :)
idiot alert!
Provided that VM has no personal info in it off course.
[deleted]
No! Even then, it only helps their download numbers!
Oh god you conspiracy nuts.  It's clear the US government does no evil.  Anyone who says so is a commie terrorist.  All you have to do is say "fuck em".  Yup that's what should be done.  Because I'm american and I am awesome.  America rules.  No evil in america nope not here.
But... aren't you? Just kidding. Then count me in, too. Still listening, zlaya.

I don't have any problem believing this, not at all. All you have to is go on LiveLeak and see these homemade movies, in which they are laughing while they are killing. Once that starts, where does it end.

I didn't see combat myself, but from the (Vietnam) veterans I have talked to, I didn't get the idea that they laughed about killing others, more relief that they were still alive.
This is exactly one of the reasons why many people in other countries will never trust U.S. again.

Although Americans seems to be kept away from realities by American MSM, many of other countries are not.

Until When U.S. is going to pretend justice and freedom when all it left behind is death and suffer ?

Hang some of those criminals and maybe some believe again.
Yes, Jesus Christ.  What is it with right-wing Christians and the sodomizing of little boys?  Do they have some hidden belief system where if you screw (literally) innocent children you get to cut in line to heaven?
Well other than me hoping that I'm wrong, I don't think it's self-defeatism.  As long as McCain doesn't find some way to steal the election, Bush will not be pardoned.  I can see Bush and Cheney facing treason/war crimes trials and later meeting the same fate as Benedict Arnold and Saddam Hussein.  Come to think of it, I watched a reporter interview Bush at Camp David I think it was, where Bush was asked if he had seen Saddam's hanging.  He said he watched a part of it but closed his eyes and looked away when they actually hung him.  He said he couldn't watch it.  Now, I'm sure Bush has seen plenty of westerns or Braveheart, or other movies where hanging occurs - in any case there are WAY more horrible things shown on our airwaves and he's a grown man.  No, I think he didn't want to watch because deep down inside he was wondering if he's next.

Ralph Nader explained earlier that if Congress tries to impeach, we will have martial law - probably due to some conveniently timed terrorist attack on our soil.  Whether or not this is true, Congress still cannot feel safe after receiving that anthrax.  You can think of it this way: if Bush is Santa Claus, then the NSA is full of elves helping him make his list, check it twice, and find out which members in Congress are being naughty or nice.  With warentless wiretapping power and no accountability, there's nothing stopping him from getting dirt on most congressmen and leaking info to the media whenever one of them cross him.
Nothing is worth installing Real Player.
[deleted]
It's not gay if it's done in the name of FREEDOM!
[deleted]
the enemy at the time is not human, they're simply objects to be conquered

therefore sodomizing them with acid tipped poles is quite ok

John Yoo actually wrote that it's ok to crush children's testicles if the parents won't cooperate, you know, if the nuke is about to go off in some city and you have 20 seconds.

gotta love that ticking clock scenario, it only occurs on '24', but that's what propaganda is for, remember
&gt;This is exactly one of the reasons why many people in other countries will never trust U.S. again.

I wouldn't say never. It's sixty years later and people trust Germany.
&gt; “ 	Basically what happened is that those women who were arrested with young boys, children, in cases that have been recorded, the boys were sodomized, with the cameras rolling, and the worst above all of them is the soundtrack of the boys shrieking. That your government has. They’re in total terror it’s going to come out.[28] 	”

&gt; In a subsequent interview with New York magazine, Hersh regretted that "I actually didn’t quite say what I wanted to say correctly...it wasn’t that inaccurate, but it was misstated. The next thing I know, it was all over the blogs. And I just realized then, the power of—and so you have to try and be more careful."[28] In his book, Chain of Command, he wrote that one of the witness statements he had read described the rape of a boy by a foreign contract interpreter at Abu Ghraib, during which a woman took pictures.[28]

Thanks man, but don't bother. As you can see above, the Reddit Kook Squad is already emotionally invested in the whole idea - it would still make perfect sense to them even if they had the wits to tell that it's complete fucking bullshit.

The other classic example is the "Gitmo Doctors deliberately infected me with AIDS" claim made by one inmate (someone perhaps fearful that his brothers in Allah might elsewise determine that he'd been taking it up the ass.)

Next - the full text of the secret Defense Department training manual, _How To Bayonet Iraqi Babies For A Hearty Stew_, by Donald Rumsfeld.
&gt; but the core accusation - children being raped - was correct.

... pending even the slightest bit of corroborating evidence, which no-one else has ever seen.
Why don't you petition for a full and complete release of all Abu Ghraib documentation?

Good luck!
dirt washes off.

pure unadulterated evilness lives only to infect others.
WP Sauce:

http://nymag.com/nymetro/news/people/features/11719/
[deleted]
but 9% isn't a collapse. That's using statistics selectively, a favorite tool of the Bush administration. I'm just trying to suggest that maybe there is a better way to reign in these policies that most of us consider anti-american then to use the fear-mongering tactics of fox news.
I'm not making these extraordinary claims that you and SH are, so why would I waste my time?

But if you want to be taken seriously, why don't you? 

Even SH admits he was talking shit in this case:

http://nymag.com/nymetro/news/people/features/11719/

It seems no-one has ever seen these "tapes" - not even SH, perhaps - or ever corrobarated his story. So why are you so determined to accept these extraordinary claims on even less evidence than the Loch Ness Monster?
Aren't a lot of the American soldiers also explosive hiding, grenade chucking, gun firing teenagers?

At least the Iraqis are in their own country.

I mean how would you feel if a load of Iraqis set up a prison in America where they could rape American kids?

Get some perspective. The American occupation of Iraq is illegal.
Well they will be after they've been raped.

I don't think attempting to dilute guilt in this way is terribly productive to be honest. This needs to go before the ICC - and the Bush administration needs to be tried for war crimes.

America can restore its reputation very quickly - but not by trying to sheild or make excuses for its criminals.
So there are snuff films (and worse) made in the internment centers of Iraq.

How much do you care to wager that they are played (or not?) in the Whitehouse for entertainment? Is that too evil to imagine? Is anything too evil for these fascists bent on destroying America and the planet?

Be aware of evil or you will be sucked into it unknowingly. But do not stare at it. It can change who you are.
If you are using Windows use [Realplayer Alternative](http://www.free-codecs.com/download/real_Alternative.htm)
(lite if you just want the browser plugin)
works great for embedded realaudio/video sites and has none of the adware or nags that the original player has.

Suprisingly the Mac and Linux versions of Realplayer are actually pretty decent and contain none of the adware nags and crappy features that the windows version has
That's because Germanly lost its power status.
i dont want to see that
I have perspective, I've been there. What say you? Read some blogs and now you're the master of foreign diplomacy? 

Marched in an anti-war parade yet? I have. 

Donated to presidential candidates yet? I have. 

Ran around the neighborhood for months polling and canvassing for the presidential candidate that advocates non-interventionism and ending wars in both Iraq and Afghanistan? I have. 

So how about you explain to me, sir, how you think it went down on a day to day basis in Iraq? I'll wait, feel free to queue up a couple more blogs to pretend you know what the fuck you're talking about.
How long has M3 been a secret?

Inflation is, roughly, M3 growth minus productivity growth. M3 has been soaring (even before it was a secret), productivity has been overstated.

We are riding for a very hard fall.
&gt; I'm not making these extraordinary claims that you and SH are, so why would I waste my time?

First, I'll note that you are lying in the above sentence. I never made the child-rape claim. I claim that Hersh did not repudiate his child-rape claim.  Understand the difference?

&gt; So why are you so determined to accept these extraordinary claims on even less evidence than the Loch Ness Monster?

Why are you so determined to lie about what I actually wrote?
&gt; I claim that Hersh did not repudiate his child-rape claim. 

... and demanded that I seek evidence to refute his (so-far) groundless claim, the clear implication being that the lack of evidence is proof of existence. Apart from being a delusional state of mind (if I managed to acquire the Abu Ghraib doumentation, and it claimed otherwise, what would that prove under your methodology?)  it's also a clear position of support for SH's claim, which puts you where you are. 

&gt; Why are you so determined to lie about what I actually wrote?

Why are you so determined to cloud the issue?
"Being sodomized" -- by whom?   Other prisoners or American soldiers?
THIS DID NOT HAPPEN
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seymour_Hersh#Speeches
IT DID NOT HAPPEN
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seymour_Hersh#Speeches
well, the neocons would be right in this case, because Hersh admitted he made it up
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seymour_Hersh#Speeches
Because cluster bombs, white phosphorous, depleted uranium shells, and napalm are okay.

Just no gayness.
&gt; ... and demanded that I seek evidence to refute his (so-far) groundless claim ...

I neither said his claim was true nor false. I just pointed out that that by releasing all information, the government could put all such claims to rest.  Hersh suffers from an absence of confirming evidence, but the other side also suffers from it, though *the other side could release information, if it so chose*.  

I'm not arguing for Hersh's claim. I'm arguing for full information release. Now what could be wrong with that?  

Hersh's skeptics (like you) should be agitating most for a full information release, to shut that damned Hersh up once and for all.
More reasons why we should leave this place and just hope to god that Iran can clean up the mess we've made.
Caps, excessive punctuation, irritating acronyms, asking why someone got downmodded. 

I'd downmod you once for each if I could.
when you can defend life, you will truly live.
&gt; I just pointed out that that by releasing all information, the government could put all such claims to rest.

That's not what you did - and even if the government "released all information" you wouldn't believe it anyway if it told you otherwise. Therefore (the delusional thinking goes) the claims must be true. 

&gt; I'm not arguing for Hersh's claim. I'm arguing for full information release. Now what could be wrong with that?

Dream on. You might as well ask for the nuclear launch codes and you know it.

&gt; Hersh's skeptics (like you) should be agitating most for a full information release, to shut that damned Hersh up once and for all.

I don't need to shut him up, I just need to see more evidence than him shooting his mouth off before I believe extraordinary claims like this.
wikipedia long ago was taken over by the likes who control the main stream corporate media.  It's a terrible source of info about anything embarrassing to the government or oligarchy.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Regardless of your experiences or otherwise, surely its fairly clear that there is a difference between engaging an enemy (regardless of age, its not nice being spat at, having half bricks thrown at you or being shot at) in a lawful manner (remember when you were trained and told to minimise civilian casualties, damage to civilian infrastructure and to provide medical aid (on an as needed basis regardless of side)?) and the kind of actions being perpetrated in Iraq.

There are, or were supposed to be rules in this kind of conflict, rules honoured by the good guys even if the bad guys didn't, that's how you hold onto the moral high ground, and that is precisely not what is happening here.
Because everyone's slightly nervous about prosecuting the serving ruler of the single most powerful nation on the planet?  Probably rightly so.  

Bush wouldn't be stupid enough to do anything so overt as declare himself president for life, but declare a faction trying to arrest him as "terrorist-influenced"?  Eh, possibly.
What about the separation between Church and State?
I smell a new porn site!
I've seen articles like this before, where a million idiots are screaming "look it really happened" no matter how many times you point out it didn't. Unless you personally reply to each post, the majority of them will walk away believing it. It makes me wish we could put sticky one correction post near the top.
So… this means the US Government will now be arrested for possession of child pornography?
They didn't get raped. The story has been refuted by the original author.
Even if they released every drop of information, the conspiracy theorists would always say that they were holding back more.
Yeah, I know. The "ticking clock" scenario is so specious I am surprised we are all (well, not all, there's you and me anyway) so stupid that it is still not laughed out of town. I have always wondered, "How does one know that there is a ticking clock?" Does somebody tell them, "Oh, and by the way, there's this ticking clock?" Such rationalization begins at that point that it is ridiculous. This is about the time that a neo-con will respond with something like, "Well, Obama's a muslim!"
the government has no tapes! They're .mov files.
He didn't say he made it up, in fact he said "it wasn't inaccurate, but it was misstated". Which I take to mean that he is an appalling bad public speaker! Just trying to read through the transcript of the speech was pretty difficult because he went off on a bunch of diferent tangents, didn't finish some of his thoughts, and spoke in such a round about way as to make almost any meaning impossible to decipher. 

I sure hope he writes better than he speaks.
Stuck in the time machine again are we?
Obviously new in town. I'm sure he'll learn after this.
*******************
as in :

"In a subsequent interview with New York magazine, Hersh regretted that "I actually didn’t quite say what I wanted to say correctly...*it wasn’t that inaccurate, but it was misstated*. The next thing I know, it was all over the blogs. And I just realized then, the power of—and so you have to try and be more careful."[28] 

In his book, Chain of Command, he wrote that one of the witness statements he had read described the rape of a boy by a foreign contract interpreter at Abu Ghraib, during which a woman took pictures.[28]"

Which as far as I'm concerned isn't quite the same as "They didn't get raped"

And in any case... here's another drip, drip, drip for the drip-feed :
http://www.monbiot.com/archives/2008/05/13/how-to-build-a-human-bomb/

Stories of Americans needlessly amputating people's fingers.

Sorry, You're fucked. This is never going to go away and the only way you can begin to restore your reputation is to make those responsible - including (and especially) the entire heirarchy of command, face prosecution for war crimes.
Your self-professed "experience" doesn't lend any credence to the ignorance of your previous statement.
Also, its not the same germany.  The US isn't going to be torn asunder for a 40 years and have an entirely new style of government in any foreseeable future. Apples and oranges here.
Maybe, once upon a time, "they" hated us for our culture and our freedoms and our religons.  Maybe.

But now and for our children and our children's children future they are going to hate us because our government thought it was a good idea to sodomize little boys.
Bullshit.  He isn't recanting it.  He is qualifying it.  There is almost certainly a very good reason why he hasn't put it in print yet.  I can think of any number of reasons but he isn't lying about it.  read the wiki article.

&gt;Hersh regretted that "I actually didn’t quite say what I wanted to say correctly...it wasn’t that inaccurate, but it was misstated. 

It wasn't inaccurate - something hideous happened on video in Abu Gahrib but he did state it "wrongly" in his speeches.
So where's the video?
Yeah, I remember seeing that some pages critical of our administration, and some pages regarding current conspiracy theory, being edited by the DoD.

That's the problem with letting anybody edit the pages...anybody can edit them.
[deleted]
TTIJFWP!
oh cool.

now what, no one dose anything about the US and they are the biggest terrorists of all
Read the other article someone posted in the comments. This reporter has a bad habit of passing along second hand rumors as first hand accounts in his public speeking gigs. He admits that it was a second hand story he heard from someone who heard it, but he spoke it as though he had actually seen proof of it. It is plainly and simply a rumor without a shred of credibility to it. I approve of nothing that went on in abu ghraib, but I'm not willing to flog this specious horse in order to do something about it.
A federal judge [ruled that the photos must be turned over](http://www.editorandpublisher.com/eandp/news/article_display.jsp?vnu_content_id=1001218842) but thus far the Bush Administration has ignored the order.

Read that again.

It's been almost three years now.
It's still not the same as "They didn't get raped"

What the Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo fiascos have done is created a backlog of incredibly damaging news that will leak out a little at a time, keeping the theme of American attrocity alive, for at least a decade if not longer. I think you'll find that these rumours of rape aren't in fact baseless, but that remains to be seen.

Seymour Hersh reporting a rumour as a fact is a minor distraction. There are people within the US military and government who need to be prosecuted for war crimes before the US will regain any shred of credibility.
[deleted]
Iraqi guards.
Iraqi guards were in charge at Abu Ghraib?  Since when?
[deleted]
n fact ,the people of the world have not developed hatred against like that .people now what they are doing in there,what illegal thing they are doing for black gold
You are aware the story is fiction right? Read some of the reddit comments.
The story is fiction BTW. So I guess joking about it is OK.
Yeah, I saw later that he retracted his earlier statement.  He also said he was going to do some further investigation, and would write about it.

I think enough horrible things happened and were exposed to justify impeachment.
I've never said that it couldn't have happened or that it isn't believable considering what we know about Abu Ghraib. The sad fact that our actions have made a story like this believable doesn't change the fact that there is no current evidence to lend credence to this story. There isn't a scrap of film. There isn't a single official document. There isn't an unofficial memo marked "Iraqi boy rape." There isn't a person willing to come forward and testify to it.

&gt; It's still not the same as "They didn't get raped"

It's still not the same as "that thing he made up didn't really happen." That's the logic of bitchy schoolgirls.

&gt; Seymour Hersh reporting a rumour as a fact is a minor distraction.

I don't see how it is a minor distraction. A minor distraction from what? This article was posted on reddit to make people believe that there was credible evidence that this had happened. It's not a distraction to point out that it's totally bogus. In a thread merely about whether the U.S. should be punished for what we know they did at Abu Ghraib, it would be a distraction. Here it is the meat of what is being discussed.
actually it's because of the golden rule. "he who has the gold, makes the rules."  In this case though it should read "he who has the gold plated navigational processor within an armada of nuclear devices pointed at the world, makes the rules."  Or gold plated psy-ops, whatever.  Try to impeach this guy. just try.
&gt;but 9% isn't a collapse. 

The target inflation rate for most governments is around 1-3%.  9% creates financial hardship as most salaries don't grow as fast as inflation in these cases.
Some things are worth revisiting.  Don't you think torture by our people qualifies?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
And the US isn't losing it's power status?
it's because of this: "you are with us - or against us."  
  
now choose.
doesn't matter - you know who gave the orders or allowed it to happen.
Until they stop taking 2000$ from your taxes for military, they aren't.
&gt;Is it worth installing real alternative?(google)

Fix'd and yes.
Both are fruit!
"Suffer the little children to come unto me".  

I'll let you interpret that in any of the multiple horrible and potentially sexual ways possible.
It emboldens and embiggens them!  We can have Bold and Big versions of Them!  Thems are the Enemy!
can you imagine if there was Pulitzer Prize-fighting?
Well, if that's true then so much for trying to display emotion in an Internet post.  I suppose I should only use proper English, never show any emotion, and never question modders.  Let's go back to wondering if people are laughing or not (etc), and only stick to current memes.

I guess I should down-mod you for an incomplete sentence.

Hopefully my original thought was correct, that perhaps this is just all a big joke (yes, the irony made me laugh).
*******************
Digg has gone the way of Gorbels too.  Looks like Reddit has plenty of operatives and gamers too.
[deleted]
*******************
[deleted]
*******************
[deleted]
Below 3% would likely increase unemployment to unacceptable levels. I'm not sure where you are getting this information. At 9%, salaries don't adjust well in the short run, but then neither to the costs of end goods (depending on the source of inflation). However, in the long run the economy adjusts. Regardless, 9% isn't a currency collapse.
Did I say they were in charge? The US employs many Iraqis, and I recall reading that the boys were raped by Iraqi guards in the American-administrated Abu Ghraib prison.

I'm not saying the US wasn't responible, I'm just answering someone's question.
I minor distraction from the endless flow of American Attrocity stories that will turn up more or less continually - as people are grudgingly released, and the lawsuits begin.

Tell you what, try putting 'american iraq rape' into google and see how you get on. 

Then imagine how it looks to the rest of the world when you nitpick over the veracity of what a single reporter said. 

That isn't the point. 

People are being raped (and murdered and lives are being destroyed and for what?), that is the point.

Summary:
it's because of this: "you are with us - or against us."
I don't see how it is a minor distraction.
The next thing I know, it was all over the blogs.
* The next thing I know, it was all over the blogs.
The next thing I know, it was all over the blogs.
i dont want to see that.
&gt; I'm not arguing for Hersh's claim.
I don't have any problem believing this, not at all.
I'm not arguing for Hersh's claim.
if you do not master your peace, peace will be your master.
I also don't like Real Player.
I don't know how the perpetrators live with themselves.
the story don't say if the boys wanted it... just kidding.
I never made the child-rape claim.
&gt; I just pointed out that that by releasing all information, the government could put all such claims to rest.
I just pointed out that that by releasing all information, the government could put all such claims to rest.
I'm not sure where you are getting this information.
&gt; I'm not making these extraordinary claims that you and SH are, so why would I waste my time?
It's clear the US government does no evil.
I'm not making these extraordinary claims that you and SH are, so why would I waste my time?
&gt; Why are you so determined to lie about what I actually wrote?
Well other than me hoping that I'm wrong, I don't think it's self-defeatism.
&gt; It's still not the same as "They didn't get raped"

It's still not the same as "that thing he made up didn't really happen."
I can think of any number of reasons but he isn't lying about it.
He didn't say he made it up, in fact he said "it wasn't inaccurate, but it was misstated".
Why are you so determined to lie about what I actually wrote?
Did I say they were in charge?
And I just realized then, the power of—and so you have to try and be more careful.
I'm arguing for full information release.
I'd downmod you once for each if I could.
Tell you what, try putting 'american iraq rape' into google and see how you get on.
Don't you think that's a bit much?
but 9% isn't a collapse.
Try to impeach this guy.
If you do not master your rage, your rage will be your master.
This article was posted on reddit to make people believe that there was credible evidence that this had happened.
I've never said that it couldn't have happened or that it isn't believable considering what we know about Abu Ghraib.
Because I'm american and I am awesome.
I claim that Hersh did not repudiate his child-rape claim.
This is exactly one of the reasons why many people in other countries will never trust U.S. again.
&gt; I claim that Hersh did not repudiate his child-rape claim.
&gt; Seymour Hersh reporting a rumour as a fact is a minor distraction.
War is hell, and boys will be boys.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.35
