Original Response:
Fucking hipocrytes!
Anything to grease the wheels of diplomacy.
Who? Israel for buying it or Iran for selling it?

And what is a hipocryte[sic] anyway?
Doesn't this prove Iran isn't as big of a threat as our government led us to believe? If they can do business together I doubt they are sworn enemies.
If Israel wanted Oil, it would get it from Iraq where upwards of $3 Billion worth is sold on the black market every day.
Americans!
Iran is a great danger to Israerrrrr America!

We need to attack Iran now!
Because they have no WMD prograerrrrrrr they have a nuclear program!

And Ahmadinadanasalamaleikum-jad is the new hitler!!!111

And after Iran we need to take out Syria!
[deleted]
BOTH.

Both are hypocrites.
I'm not entirely sure, but I think the idea is that Eilat-Ashkelon Pipeline Company is importing without any authorities knowing. There definitely needs to be an investigation to see if it could be linked to any gov't officials, but even there is a link, it will be very easy to cut ties and deny involvement.
If I were Israel, I would like totally be afraid of the Iranians putting sugar in my gas tank, or something.
But we don't get most of our defense budget from one of Cuba's enemies.
As a non-techhead, what does sugar in oil do?
Obviously not much of a secret.
[deleted]
Turns it back into light sweet crude.
why is this surprising to anybody?
We aren't enemies with Iran... at least not yet.
I heard a buh-dum-CH drumline in my head when I read that
We aren't?

I agree they aren't *really* our enemies. But I thought they were on some official list of US enemies.
plus they Jewed those Iranians down for a discount
I once read on a C&amp;D (or similar publication) that suger does nothing to an engine. From my understanding sugar does not dissolve in gasoline, and when pumped to the engine it gets stuck in the gasoline filter.

Aha! [Snopes to the rescue](http://www.snopes.com/autos/grace/sugar.asp)
Cause people on Reddit believe official BS propaganda from governments when it suits their already chosen political beliefs.   They don't want to acknowledge that shit like this has been going on for at least the last 20,000 years or so.
Americans are also secretly buying sex slaves children from Thailand.

So...what you are saying is there are bad apples in every bunch?

makes sense.  thanks for clarifying
A little known fact is that one of the major shareholders in the Eilat-Ashkelon Pipeline Company is Iran (or rather, Persia). This joint ownership was setup when the Shah was still in power, to ensure a shorter supply route to Europe, if the Suez canal was ever blocked again.

This of course, is not an active partnership, and the future of these shares is disputed. I imagine that this new item is somehow related to this ownership issue.
a hungry hungry hippocrayte
Nelson (pointing at America): *Ha* ha
[deleted]
[deleted]
it gets rubbed on foxy brown
If you put sugar in someone's gas tank it means that muffins come out of their exhaust
What flavour?
It's not Iran that has [refused diplomatic ties](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/02/13/AR2007021301363.html).
you don't have to be a tech head, you just need to be a pesky teenager. "Shakes walking stick in air".
[deleted]
Oil codename for homosexuals?
The problem is not Israelis buying petrol from Iran, it's the US buying from Saudi Arabia. A big chunk of that oil money ends up back in washington, funding the status quo, while another chunk is funding Wahabbi mosques and the Muslim Brotherhood.
Fuck you. Jew is not a verb and it never will be you bigoted piece of shit.
[deleted]
Fun fact: most of the 9/11 hijackers were from Saudi Arabia.

Didn't spoil relations all that much did it?
Business is business.
Well you can't have diplomatic ties with a government you are actively working on overthrowing. The Iranians made the mistake of imagining that there was someone in the US government with a national interest. They would have been better off negotiating a deal with a big US oil concern, who will then proceed to realign the US government policy. That is what the Saudis do effectively they let their oil do the talking for them.
What the fuck. So we're going to take their word for it?! What have we learned sheeple!!111111
The Muslim Brotherhood is not saudi/wahabbi funded. It's a grass-roots egyptian movement seperate of wahabbism.
Iran is Secretly Selling Oil to the Zionist Entity
Is this "democracynow" website trustworthy? It seems to contain a lot of unusual information without credit to any sources.
Iran is part of the Axis of Evil (tm)
[deleted]
Crudeberry
IT ARE FACT.
[deleted]
So what. I want to know if they are buying it in dollars or in Euros!!?
yeah, when you cool off join us back in reality.
Buying child sex slaves funds the terrists!  Why do you hate America??
I also read somewhere that the pyramids were built by aliens (despite official denials).
yeah... and the crips and the bloods aren't enemies because they're not currently and actively involved in a drive-by shooting against one another...

...your point was?
That's the nice thing about money...

...it can bring people who hate one another together for the common goal of commerce.

A country that refuses to engage in commerce or devalues its money has lost its way. (oh shit, America is fscked!)
[deleted]
brilliant!
They have started in Egypt but they have grown to be the biggest and most influential Muslim organization. They are often persecuted in countries like Egypt but they are right at home among the Wahabis. 

http://www.washingtonpost.com/ac2/wp-dyn/A12823-2004Sep10?language=printer
Fuck you, too. I live in reality. And I'm sick of people throwing shit around like it's ok.

It's not.

Could I describe Tibetans rioting as them "nigger-ing" around?
except they are white?  

stereotypes exist for a reason, and thats why we laugh at them.  I find synthpop's comment just as funny as the skits where Dave Chappelle makes fun of white people.
[deleted]
Are you...really that stupid?

Dave Chapelle's skits are HUMUROUS. They involve...well thought out comedy that plays on racial stereotypes. Not just "WHITE PEOPLE SUCK AHAH".

Fuck you, yet again. Are you saying a majority of Jews are cheap and THAT'S why people say those things? If so...open a fucking history book you retard.

Regardless...it's not witty, it's not funny, it's fucking annoying, bigoted and I'm sick of it.
Dave doesn't say that, of course, and neither did the original poster.  At no point did he imply Jewish people suck.  

I have no clue if Jewish people are cheap, the fact is that throughout history Jewish people as a whole did SOMETHING to be associated with that stereotype.  

There are many bigoted things said about Jewish people, this is not one of them, it was not said with hatred or in a derogatory way.
If you ever invested through a European stock exchange it's quite possible that you, too, have bought from an Iranian seller.

I guess "A private company buys a fungible commodity on the open market" just doesn't sound as impressive as the current title of the article.
Yeah, Jews got shoved into "money-lending" professions because Christians deemed it, in the Middle Ages, to be too "unclean" for them to do. Oh, and then bitched about it when they owed Jews money. See: Shylock.

It is derogatory. The use of the word Jew as a verb to describe someone being cheap is VERY derogatory.

Someone is clearly white as the driven snow.

Summary:
Israel for buying it or Iran for selling it?
We aren't enemies with Iran... at least not yet.
But I thought they were on some official list of US enemies.
We need to attack Iran now!
I agree they aren't *really* our enemies.
It's not Iran that has [refused diplomatic ties](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/02/13/AR2007021301363.html).
If they can do business together I doubt they are sworn enemies.
I want to know if they are buying it in dollars or in Euros!!
And I'm sick of people throwing shit around like it's ok.
!111

And after Iran we need to take out Syria!
Iran is Secretly Selling Oil to the Zionist Entity.
The use of the word Jew as a verb to describe someone being cheap is VERY derogatory.
(oh shit, America is fscked!)

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.06
