Original Response:
Republicans are interested in one issue and one issue only - who will kiss corporate ass. If the candidate will kiss corporate ass he can roast babies over hot coals and nothing will happen.
Anti-Catholic DOES NOT EQUAL Anti-American.
Yet Catholics will vote for McCain anyway...
Everyone knows McCain is just pandering to Hagee for votes. But Obama listened to Wright's sermons for 20 years so it's more likely he agrees with Wright.
Your logic does not resemble our earth logic.
Maybe because what somebody's pastor says doesn't matter when the politician is stating clearly what their policy positions are.
If you're trolling for downmods, you will certainly succeed with this one.
Hagee hates them but both he and McCain love their abortion politics.
Except the Daily Show.  They've talked about him several times.
Edwards took [serious flak](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amanda_Marcotte#Edwards.27_Campaign_Controversy) from the media because his campaign bloggers were "anti-Catholic."

McCain's guy is far worse.  I mean, he said New Orleans was destroyed as punishment by God.

I fully expected Edwards to get punished for his bloggers and don't expect McCain to get punished for his relationship with Hagee one bit.  Which means even I've internalized the double standard to some degree.  I think that's a problem.
It still doesn't matter.
I hate how criticizing the actions of a Church, in her case, makes her generally "anti-Catholic".  Also, why is being anti-&lt;insert religion&gt; bad?  Religion shouldn't be a sacred cow that can never be criticized.
Edward R Murrow to a comedian and a sportscaster. 

/facepalm
Downmodded for inaccuracy: Hagee isn't McCain's pastor.
She also mocked Mary, but yeah.
Im trying to decide if i should even mention that being anti-catholic is not equal to saying 5000 people deserved to die.  But who cares right?

and the RCC is responsible for more pointless wars and deaths than any other group on earth.
Well, let's remember that Hagee is in Israels pocket, and is well protected by guys like Rupert Murdoch and Red McCombs.
except, of course, delicious BBQ babies.
Hagge is so fat it is amazing he can get through a sermon without infarcting. If we could just get Hagee to stand next to Pat Robertson, Hagee might crush him when he fell, and Jesus gets a Pharisee twofer.
Maybe its because John Hagee is NOT John McCain's pastor? Hagee is from TEXAS.
That's because McCAIN ALREADY HAS THE NOMINATION SEWN UP!!!

The MSM is keeping their powder dry on McCain so that they can use it during the general election to help whoever the Demagogue candidate turns out to be.
It's pretty tough to clearly outline your positions when you're being forced to defend guilt-by-association accusations, and being bombarded by questions about wearing a flag pin and whether you're a secret Muslim wishing to enslave the whites. 

I'll give you a hint though. Obama has a website with a section called "issues." Go there and then post back if you still think he hasn't clearly stated his policy positions.
Hagee is NOT McCain's pastor. He endorsed McCain, but he's not the guy's pastor. Come on folks.
Why?
McCain also didn't sit in Hagee's congregation for twenty years. I am Catholic and I take offense to Hagee's statements... but McCain's relation to Hagee is very different from Obama's relation to Wright.
Well considering every war the RCC has fought, if you are referring to the Crusades, involved the Muslims. So wouldn't any war the RCC was responsible for, the Muslims would share guilt?
I can't wait for the "John Hagee is sooooo right" post...
let's not forget gay sex.
just a long as the babies are born first.
and anyway, judging from Dawkin's popularity here, aren't most of us anti-Catholic too? 

^_^
exactly...it really makes no sense that every headline about this on here contains "anti-catholic!!!!!"....since when does reddit care about that??
John Hagee is soooooo right.
Harry Potter should not have a place in my home, as he says it shouldn't.

I don't know about this "contemporary witchcraft" junk, I just think it's way too popular for such a dull series.
My entire family is Catholic and I grew up in a  Catholic city (New Orleans).  He insulted my city with his spectacularly ignorant comment about the gay pride parade causing Katrina, AND my family with his anti-Catholic comments.  

GOD DAMN RIGHT I care about it..even though I'm lapsed, they're still family.
To me it does.  That pentecostal bullshit ain't right.
Because being anti-catholic doesnt piss off too many people, I guess.
Doesn't matter.  McCain sought Hagee's endorsement.  Therefore, he WANTED the approval of Lunatic Hagee.

Fuck both of 'em.
[deleted]
My parents-catholic, from SC-agree with allie, unfortunately.  I just hope their priest doesn't touch a little boy, because you know what that would mean?

That's right, that my parents would all be pedophiles by extension.
[worldnews] != [politics]

Troll somewhere else.
McCain also denounced the crazy this guy spews almost immediately.

Downmodded for clearly being biased, though I'm  praying for an Obama victory.
Please allow me to attempt to recap the issues regarding this post.  Please add somethiung if i've left it out:

1. The media's unequal attention to Wright has created for Obama a decrease in voter confidence and trust by association.  The association makes folks think Obama shares Wrights views because of the time Obama invested in frequenting the church.

2. People think Hagee will threaten McCain's voter confidence/trust in the same way, however the media isn't addressing it as much because the Hagee/McCain relationship was not as developed as Obama/Wrights.

3. The Media is often blamed by the right as being 'liberal', however there is no basis for this as since the stories and attitudes that are shown and which are not could itself detail an agenda based on media owner's overwhelmingly republican alignment.  Furthermore, media is a broadcast without a feedback mechanism, so media consumer alignment and preferences for stories is irrelevant.

4. In my personal opinion, it is not fair to say that Obama is 'guilty by association' since one could argue that all members of a church are guilty of pedophilia by associaiton when a Catholic priest gets caught.  In other words, when a tangential supporter shows his or her ass in public, why then should the political figure they once supported suffer?
add: religious figures want attention too, since they are so full of ego.  that's why they grab any media attention they can get.  if America has taught us anythign with the Lindsey Lohans and Paris Hiltons, it's that negative attention is just as good as positive attention- we can't get enough of it!  So these tangential supporter, religious figures come out of the woodwork and show their asses.

I think they disgrace themselves far more than the candidates.  I would feel sorry for them, but I think what they are doing is wrong.
Didn't Obama do the same? Not only that, but this last fiasco led Obama to further remove himself, whereas McCain still welcomes the endorsement from Hagee. 

Of course if Obama heard this type of commentary for the past 20 years it might be a different scenario, but until you have proof of that...
Im a cathylick and I dont take kindly to Hagee
The MSM is saving it's ammo for this fall. McCain is gonna fall, and fall HARD if all that stuff that the media has ignored about McCain comes out all at once then.
No, he didn't do anything like that.

And anybody who believes Mr. Obama can on one hand attend a church for twenty years and refer to the pastor as a friend and mentor, and on the other hand not know that the man regularly spews reprehensible vitriol from the pulpit, needs to have a look at this wonderful bridge I'm selling - it's a great deal, I promise.
Outside the few sound bites pulled from some sermons, do you have proof he "regularly spews reprehensible vitriol from the pulpit?"
It's only American to hate a specific group of people.

Hating America though... that's downright unamerican!
Skeptic as I'd like to be, I'd bet good money over bad that this isn't the first wad of crap out of this guys mouth, but I don't believe in guilt by association. I have an extremely racist (against asians) white friend, and yet, here I am dating one. Simply listening to one's retoric doesn't make one affected by it in a negative or positive way. The fact that people can't wrap their brains around THAT fact makes me worry about the ability for people to think for themselves.
[deleted]
And I think putting a racist asshole on your campaign committee is far worse than simply seeking an endorsement from a bigot.
It doesn't matter because anti-Catholicism is the last acceptable prejudice.

www.catholicleague.org
Downmodded for complete idiocy and inaccuracy.
Since when have religious figures loved negative attention? Ever heard of the scandal involving priests and underage children?
No one in the Church was loving that, with good reason.
You're a frenchified feist.
Did anyone read the comments at the end of the article?

This one below stands out. I would like to have a discussion, with people who share such opinions, here in reddit.  

&gt;Posted By: Christian316 @ 05/06/2008 2:40:41 AM
&gt;
&gt;Comment:
&gt;
&gt;I strongly agree with Pastor Hagee, If any person who calls themselves a christian will know that "GOD"s word is true and you'll know the prophecy of this country and Israel, for those of you who get offended by someone being bold enough to speak truth, GET OVER IT!!! This country was founded on Christianity and this is the reason why we are such a blessed country. If you believe otherwise feel free to go live somewhere were they pray to false gods and see what it's like there. It seems here that Christians are expected to tolerate others with liberal views but others try to crush us down if we speak the truth. And If you believe that Hagee and Wright stand in the same boat well then you better take the wax out of your ears close your eyes and listen closely, to speak Gods word and to speak mans word is totally different. Those of you who support Obama after all that been revealed, YOU are the racist in this arena. Those who vote for pro-choice should be tried as accessory to murder(the woman made her choice when she decided to have fun) and if it was a case of rape then let the child decide when it is old enough to decide for him/herself if she /he wants to die. You hypocrites, you want to abolish capital punishments but yetbelieve in killing innocent babies!
You oppose the war and yet you murder these little ones as if they were merely rodents. May GOD have mercy on your souls. Yes GOD(Jesus Christ)
Before calling anti-catholicism prejudice or bigotry take into consideration--

1.  The Vatican, as a nation, protected pedophiles

2.  Officially condemns freedom of religion

3.  Officially condemns freedom of conscience

4.  Officially condemns separation of (Catholic) church and state.

5. Still mandates the ghetto and Yellow Star

6.  Is the only nation in Europe with no Jewish citizens (and very few married ones)

7.  Is the only nation where you lose the vote because of old age.

8. Approved of and participated in slavery of native Americans. 

9.  The Inquisition

10.  Took until this century to stop involuntary baptism of children.

Perhaps the decrees of Lateran IV, the Syllabus of Errors and Canon Law need more Catholics to read them.  The first slave auction of natives was conducted by the Church and the Mortara affair was not that long ago.
Also because McCain's a side story at the moment.  It'll come up again during the general when someone's actually running against him.
There seem to be a lot of other acceptable prejudices.  It depends on where you live.
I would think you'd find it irksome to hang around someone who was really racist against your girlfriend.   Does the guy know you're dating someone asian?
Wait, are you saying that the fact that are some gay people in New Orleans DIDN'T cause the hurricane?  That can't be right...
An addition to point 1: Time AND probably money.  I suspect if you attend a church for 20 years, you gave a significant number of donations.
Initially modded up for correctly analyzing why this isn't a major issue now in your first sentence. 

Later modded down for using Demagogue in lieu of Democrat in your second sentence.
How do you feel about people who are anti-Muslim?
Could even fit in [religion] by a stretch.

Definitely not [worldnews], however.
He's very well behaved in regards to my partner actually, and has never said a bad thing to me, or to (probably) my friends.
Anti-Catholicism is widespread over the United States, though, and it is very prevalent withine mainstream American society.
There's a whole lot of crazy going on in this one little thread.
Modded down for being a whiny, self-righteous hypocrite.

Like you never call Republicans "Neocons."
I don't.  I call them Republicans.  How can you assume someone's a hypocrite without knowing anything about them?

Summary:
Hagee is NOT McCain's pastor.
Didn't Obama do the same?
Downmodded for inaccuracy: Hagee isn't McCain's pastor.
I think that's a problem.
McCain's guy is far worse.
He endorsed McCain, but he's not the guy's pastor.
Yet Catholics will vote for McCain anyway...
Hagee hates them but both he and McCain love their abortion politics.
I can't wait for the "John Hagee is sooooo right" post...
Maybe its because John Hagee is NOT John McCain's pastor?
that's why they grab any media attention they can get.
John Hagee is soooooo right.
Everyone knows McCain is just pandering to Hagee for votes.
I think they disgrace themselves far more than the candidates.
Im a cathylick and I dont take kindly to Hagee.
I am Catholic and I take offense to Hagee's statements... but McCain's relation to Hagee is very different from Obama's relation to Wright.
This one below stands out.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
