Original Response:
So the cia took out both Kennedys.
Can someone tell me why this is just coming to light 40 years after the fact?
yeah but who shot J.R.?
If you examine the video of RFK collapsing, you can see that it was clearly a controlled demolition.
I call BS,  we ALL know our government wouldn't lie to us.
Maybe, but everyone knows that the explosion burned at 1900F but RFK only melts at 2500F.

FACT CHECK ME BRO
Another piece to the puzzle, which wasn't mentioned: The powder burns behind his ear indicate that it had to come from behind and from close. Sirhan Sirhan never made it behind or that close.

I've always said that this was the Kennedy murder that was covered up, not JFK's.
Because you can't do anything about it now. 

I think I'm getting a future deja-vu x(
True, but look, guys, the bullet hitting RFK near the pentagon was a missile, NOT A PLANE !
What does Sirhan^2 say?
he said, "ah bee ah bee ah bee ah bee ah THAT'S ALL, FOLKS!"
[deleted]
yeah, tell us something we don't already know...
At this point I'm pretty sure that Dick Cheney shot RFK.
no one's allowed to talk to that historic, alleged criminal
Maggie.
[deleted]
Kristin Shepard (played by Mary Crosby)
this actually came to light back then, and it even seemed obvious.  powder burns that indicated the fatal shot came no more than an inch or two away (much closer than sirhan ever got), more bullets found than his gun could hold, the fact that he couldn't remember the incident or the fact that he admitted to having no reason to want to kill RFK.

people tend to believe the cover-up because most people aren't willing to question things for themselves.
[deleted]
So what are the smartest arguments, pray tell?
Seriously. JFK had a lot of middle ground where maybe a single shooter could have pulled it off if he got really really lucky. RFK was a cut and dried planned political assasination and I don't think anyone credibly thought otherwise.
Good thing Teddy ruined his own life before they could get to him.
What does that even mean?
they also probably murdered jfk jr.

if you're interested, look into why it took 15 hours to search the crash site (despite an emergency beacon and radar analysis showing exactly where the crash site was) not to mention calls to the FAA and Coast Guard throughout the night by very influential people.  the evidence of his last contact with the tower was erased from the record, his missing flight plan, missing flight log, plane's black box disabled, fuel valve shut off despite safety features.

i dunno.  you tell me why the pentagon takes over a civilian plane crash during peace time and then somehow manages to bungle the whole thing, despite even the reporters and the media already having the exact location of the crash and hounding the pentagon about why they aren't searching that area, and being told easily dis-provable blatant lies.

the FAA made the radar analysis available at 5:00am that showed the crash site.  even president clinton got involved at 7:00am and told the air force to begin a search... despite having this radar analysis showing the crash site, they searched a 20,000 square mile area not near the crash site.
the people downmodding me clearly haven't been to www.loosecheney.com yet!!  wake up, beeple.
That it was blown up by 19 Saudi Arabian's; using boxcutters and falsified documentation, they managed to pilot planes they had never flown before. They blew up two buildings and severely damaged another causing its eventual collapse. They also managed a bad ass maneuver that took out the oh-so-conveniently recently reinforced section of the Pentagon and the other one went down in a field in Pennsylvania. Investigation into all of this was largely hindered and hurried, I see no reason to doubt its veracity in any way. All of this caused the huge clusterfuck we are currently involved in known as the "War on Terror" that happens to benefit the higher echelons of our government who, as recent evidence has shown, have had this planned for a very long time. That is the smart argument. Also, sheeple.
You haven't presented a single argument, you just retold the same narrative that we've all heard a thousand times using language that supports your opinion. Your paragraph contains absolutely no data.
Exactly.
[deleted]
I'm supposed to be convinced by a charming narrative? You aren't a Christian by any chance, are you?
That sounds very interesting, do you have a link?
[deleted]
Sorry, I'm used to coherence
[deleted]
Ron F. Kennedy?
[deleted]
another good link:

http://www.wanttoknow.info/050908insidejob911
[deleted]
d'oh!
[deleted]
Well Steve Fosset hasn't been found yet.

But then again, there was never any talk about Steve Fosset running for New York State Senator...

Why do you think Bill Clinton sent them to look in the wrong place?
It sounds like you are describing trying to get  data from the administration.
So can we count on getting facts about huge cover-ups 40 years after the fact from now on?
I don't care who believes it. Not one single bit. I care about the information.
No, not in the least. 

You aren't a black man by any chance, are you?* 

*see what an asshole you look like?
voted down for misleading title:

Sirhan Sirhan DID shoot Robert F. Kennedy- twice. He did NOT shoot the fatal bullet, however, which new evidence proves came from behind.
s/NBC/Action News Yahoos/

Particularly enjoyed the comical stress the narrator put on "SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE."
[deleted]
I suggest you play a flight simulator sometime. Once planes are in the air, they're not all that hard to control.
So yes? Play that race card like you really mean it
How is the race card any different than the religion card, hypocrite?
To be honest that argument is almost hilarious as mine. A flight simulator? Be serious.
A race is something you're born with. A religion is something you're born into but can change at any time based upon what kind of person you are. One has no bearing other than demographics, and the other is the guiding principle by which you live your life. The fact that you think race and religion are the same sort of thing simply boggles my mind.
I can see that argument, but it proves to me you see race as something more than just skin color. I don't. I see that we're all people, and it's our actions that define us, not our skin color, religion or any other factor.
Race is a LOT more than just skin color, and I don't know why you'd deny that. We don't want it to be anything else, and we're working towards that goal, but to ignore the realities of even 40 years ago is just foolish.

Hell, 40 years, what am I talking about, the Rodney King riots were only 16 years ago. Katrina seems like it happened yesterday. You don't even have to go to history to see examples.
Let's hope so.  If that's the case, I hope to stop hearing all this tinfoil hat nonsense about the moon landings being faked in a little over a year.
Well, to be fair, those hijackers got plenty of time on flight sims when they were [training on U.S. military bases](http://www.wanttoknow.info/010915newsweek).
So was MLK, but the powers than be got away with that one too. People just believe what they're told by the mainstream media. It's as simple as that.
Yes I know. But he said play a flight simulator, not go to flight school and use a professional grade flight simulator.
You're also born into religion and there has been a much bigger precedent for violence in the name of religion than in the name of race.   If you want to go down that road we can, but religion is going to trump race in that arena. In regards, to the Rodney King riots, this is a bit off topic, but I thought Rodney King was really the spark, and the riots that ensued ended up transcending race and were about the oppressed rising up against the oppressors. That's just my thoughts anyway.
The Clintons are traitors to the Democratic party and the Kennedy legacy (tarnished as it is). I wouldn't be surprised if both Hill and Bill were on the CIA payroll from the 60s onward. It's like the COINTELPRO scam; you need somebody on the inside, pretending to be a leftist so you can steer your enemy where you want them to go.
Wrong. They both were.
Que Sirhan Sirhan, whatever will be, will be. The future is not our's to see, Que Sirhan Sirhan.
Because the guy making the claim is promoting a [book](http://AnOpenandShutCase.com).  As far as I can tell, none of this work has been peer-reviewed.  Moreover, it is in stark contrast to the conclusions of other [experts](http://hnn.us/articles/36915.html).
I fail to see what is wrong with a flight simulator. They are quite good these days.
The difference is a controller, and an actual fucking cockpit.
Here's what I don't get about second shooter theories.

There's supposed to be this huge conspiracy, reaching through all levels of the press, government, and political parties, that is completely and utterly capable and competent at hiding its tracks, keeping its existence secret to all except Truthers.

And yet, they make the mistake of insisting on Second Shooters, the existence of which (if true) would be as blindingly obvious to even an incompetent forensic pathologist as the Sun and Moon in the sky...
This is wrong on several levels.  The titles implies that NBC is the source of the information--it is not.  This is a local NBC affiliate reporting about a symposium presentation that was made in its broadcast area.  That presentation is from someone promoting a [book](http://AnOpenandShutCase.com).  Moreover, this person's conclusions conflict greatly with other experts' [findings](http://hnn.us/articles/36915.html).
Is he the "Father of Reagonomics" or one of the most respected economists in the WORLD today?
And what's the support for it?  Am I supposed to go, "oh, some guy named mrmoney on the internets told me that NORAD was doing these drills during 9/11, so that must be true."

How does one even find out what drills NORAD was doing at any time?  Isn't that the kind of thing that's, you know, *classified*?
How is the race card different from the religion card? Well there was that whole slavery thing not to mention segregation, jim crow, lynchings, etc. Who in America has suffered as much for their religion as black people have for their race?
ruined?
Yeah I guess he did. Knowing you are marked for death might make anyone drink and make poor decisions.
I think probably all these candidates are. Like Russia I think we have been taken over by the secret services.
The world is bigger than America, and time existed before American slavery.
all the relevant assholes to blame are DEAD!
now the whole country is run by the 
CORPORATE
IDIOTS
ASSOCIATION
Maybe it was the Illumnati?
[deleted]
[deleted]
There are literally millions of respected academics, economists, celebrities and politicians  who are not coming out in public and who are also telling the truth.

There are literally thousands of respected academics who are also schizophrenic nerds on the internet.
[deleted]
Maybe?
Summary:  "Experts" Say Sirhan Sirhan Did Not Shoot RFK.
&gt; Can someone tell me why this is just coming to light 40 years after the fact?

Because people still don't think it's hip to know.  Just look at the [top thread](http://reddit.com/info/6dk2s/comments/c03jy7d) in this page.
Didn't they already have some experience flying airplanes? Are you implying that someone unfamiliar with that particular aircraft could not control it well enough to smack into buildings once flying?
Okay, so link to the declassified documentation indicating that NORAD was running just such a drill.

Not NRO, not CIA, not NSA. NORAD. Not supposed insider information. Not an anecdote by someone. Actual documentation that was evaluated and released by DoD classification or a FOIA request.
No I'm implying that a video game does not give you the requisite knowledge to smack a plane into a building once flying.
Can you say "MKULTRA", boys and girls? I knew you could.
You guys are homos.
You not supposed to be convinced by anything.  You're supposed to get off your ass and go find the information that supports your worldview instead of expecting someone to hand something compelling to you.

Until such time as you do so, refraining from admonishing someone else for not bring you sufficient information ain't a bad option.
That you're a tool for already knowing and not doing something about it?
The point made was that the "video game" could give you an accurate feel for how easy planes are to fly once in the air. Not having a yoke and only having a visual representation of the actual cockpit seems a bit pedantic. Nobody is arguing that Microsoft Flight Simulator was used for training hijackers.

Taking off is kind of hard. Landing is pretty hard. But short of aerobatics, flying is fairly easy.
[deleted]
[deleted]
What makes you think I haven't done any of that? I'm asking because I've looked and it all seems to check out as pretty improbable, but I have an open mind, so I still ask. Additionally, it's NOT information that supports my worldview, it actually opposes it. And yet here I am. Can you say you've done the same at all?

But hey thanks for jumping on me for wanting to listen, man, I really appreciate it
you say that like it's a BAD thing
He killed a woman. Murderers (or at least manslaughterers) don't tend to get to president. Most of his days are spent looking sleepy in congress. Pretty well ruined if you compare him to his brothers.
Funny, I don't see Obama drinking to excess or killing anyone.
Wake up Sheeple Sheeple!
I think he was implying that Reaganomics is not a policy deserving of respect
[deleted]
Chill out there mrmoney, I was just explaining his post to you, not standing with him. Also, please don't class UFOs with bigfoot. UFOs are pretty obviously real, that word just means somebody saw something that they couldn't identify. It's the people saying that UFOs are aliens that are the nutters.
[deleted]
I think you're making a big mistake to assume that people who don't think the same way as you are dumber than you. If they'd had the same experiences that led you to the truth, they'd already be there.
[deleted]
Haha, I'm soon going to be a grad student in sociology, I'm pretty sure I have a pretty firm grasp on what you're saying here. My message is that pretty much all the smart people "wake up" exactly like you did at around the same age, and the sort of people who read reddit are mostly that kind of person. To keep up with the fruity Matrix theme, you're in Zion.
the internet(s) have a link, go look it up
The high school kid obsessed with The Matrix managed to carry on an intelligent, respectful conversation better than you. I hope you're proud.
Did you miss the part where I said "not NRO"?

You made a claim, that NORAD couldn't respond because they were running a drill. Now support that claim.

Oh, and you could just provide a link. I realize you think that a big wall of text will support your case better, but you just ended up looking like an idiot.
You think Obama thinks he is marked for death?
very much so, thank you
In the face.

Summary:
And yet here I am.
I don't care who believes it.
I care about the information.
A race is something you're born with.
yeah, tell us something we don't already know...
* 

*see what an asshole you look like?
you say that like it's a BAD thing.
What makes you think I haven't done any of that?
the internet(s) have a link, go look it up.
I fail to see what is wrong with a flight simulator.
That you're a tool for already knowing and not doing something about it?
he said, "ah bee ah bee ah bee ah bee ah THAT'S ALL, FOLKS!"
Can someone tell me why this is just coming to light 40 years after the fact?
I think probably all these candidates are.
Play that race card like you really mean it.
Because people still don't think it's hip to know.
How does one even find out what drills NORAD was doing at any time?
You don't even have to go to history to see examples.
What does that even mean?
That is the smart argument.
Race is a LOT more than just skin color, and I don't know why you'd deny that.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.13
