Original Response:
Excellent artictle, wrong subreddit?
Why? It happened in the world. It's news. I see no problem here.
Yeah, good article - hope more people come forward
Excellent.  Upmodded, regardless of subreddit.

FTA: "...too many of our most precious military resource, our American soldiers, were unnecessarily wounded, maimed, and killed as a result. In my mind, this action by the Bush administration amounts to gross incompetence and dereliction of duty."
Hey, it's 420.  Don't kill the buzz.
What a piece of shit (Rummy). 

What the fuck is wrong with us that monsters like this got and maintained power?
I can't believe he "rumsfielded" the whole inquiry!
[deleted]
[http://reddit.com/r/worldnews/about](http://reddit.com/r/worldnews/about)
Rumsfeld fucked up Iraq and lied his ass off to pass the blame onto his generals.
Ask your local Republican.
&gt;"...too many of our most precious military resource, our American soldiers, were unnecessarily wounded, maimed, and killed as a result. 

So?
Or maybe ask the PAC member who paid for your local Republican and the Dems(Gore and Kerry) who laid down and took it up the wazoo. Hmmm maybe because Dems keep nominating "visionaries" rather than street fighters.
Three pages is too long?
It tells how someone's jaw dropped when they realized, GASP!, that Rumsfeld wasn't entirely honest about shit.
[deleted]
When was the decision made to abort Phase IV? If it coincided with "Mission Accomplished" and Bush landing on the aircraft carrier it could have been part of a larger piece.
Nothing to do with incompetence I reckon. 

Done by design. The Oil companies use the manufactured turmoil as an excuse to put prices up, Haliburton et al get nice big contracts to fill the gaps.

Who gives a shit about 3 star generals and the grunts when your buddies, in the companies you used to work for, are doing rather handsomely out of the designed mess.
My jaw did not drop. I worked at an army hospital 1/03 until last october. This is a top down clusterfuck-engineered with careful thought and employed with precision. Soldiers in theater do their duty and support the mission, and will continue to do so with excellence but the leadership. . . I cannot find the words to express what a horrible fuckup this is.

We will be in Iraq for a long time whoever is elected-geopolitics demand this. And the cost to our fine soldiers will be paid for DECADES
We as a country elected this crap
I know one of the remaining 20% of Bush administration supporters. When we discussed this article he flatly dismissed it as left wing propaganda. For those remaining supporters of Bush it is impossible to discuss any issue concerning America's recent history because they will not accept as valid any information other than the type that comes from Fox.
Amazing piece. So the American judiciary and the public cant do anything about it? Why isnt Rumsfield brought to trial? Who's protecting him?
I'm impressed with Ricardo Sanchez's memory...
At least the submitter used a subreddit at all.  This was probably worthy of general submission anyway.
Same experience.  Those people 'cling' to their conservative beliefs, and Bush has so intertwined himself with those beliefs, that criticizing Bush &amp; Co. is akin to going nihilist.  

They are so inured, so hopelessly dependent on their beliefs and worldview, that they are mentally incapable of questioning them.  Everything they witness in contradiction, they find some way to rationalize, as well as a rationalization of the inadequacy of their rationalization.
well, it was a fateful meeting that would affect the rest of his life, and was with one of the most powerful men in the world. i trust him as being honest, and it probably took a lot of courage to tell it like it went down.
[deleted]
Could you let us know what his justification was for dismissing it given that it was written by someone involved and from his perspective?
The entire government's to blame, really.  The Democrats could have raised Cain many times over about things like this, but they didn't and still haven't for fear of alienating voters.
Particularly that Rumsfeld is a patriot and that liberal new sources find disgruntled people who are biased against the President and only want to attack him. This person will admit  that some mistakes were made in the nature of trusting the wrong Iraqis but the policy and motivations for starting the war were honest. I was a teenager during the Vietnam War and was an airman in the USAF and remember just the same things being said them too.
Apparently if it's not on youtube then it's too long.
so congress will be making immediate inquires into this right...i bet the will have rummy testifying in days and the mainstream media will be all over it. wow i cannot wait for these terrible people to be exposed!!!

wouldn't it be cool if america actually worked?
Don't forget the media.  A screw-up this big requires a committee.
Ask yourself what might be wrong in a system that ends with sociopaths on top of everyone else.
"jaw-dropping" not "jaw dropping"

There's a difference.
Amen, brother.
Would that constitute an impeachable offense?
Actually, no, the Supreme court, in an unprecedented action, announced Bush as the elected president in the 2000 election although there was enough evidence to the contrary.

In the 2004 election, vote fraud was rampant, as can be seen from the convictions of the voting commitee boss in Ohio.  Just the tip of the iceberg and underreported at that.

Actually, the American electorate can only be faulted for not following up after they had been cheated out of the popular choice, *twice*.
since gore wasn't even in office during the entire war, you bring him up is just ridiculous.
It is sad that so many people are unwilling to call anything into question that would conflict with their predetermined opinions, in spite of ever more evidence pointing to the fact that this administration has abused their trust.
Do you honestly not know?
"Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence."

-Donald Rumsfeld
The final solution shall be death camps for the agrammatical.
These times really make you think whether democracry is the best form of governance. When stupid people are allowed to vote, they will either stall progression or even turn it to degression. 

And remember that over 50% voted Bush twice.
Fuck, which one means "When one's jaw drops?"

I'm so confused... you sound like a law-maker to me, are you for hire? We could use some more bullshit in Colorado right now.
*"The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter."*

Sir Winston Churchill
There is nothing magical between 51% of voters voting for stupid and 49% voting for him. Even if supreme court had made different decision, the country that let stupid get that close after being stupid in power in 4 years, is huge failure for country as whole.

I bet that Stupid II, McCain, will get either elected or get 45-49% of the votes.
I got out August of 03, during the time that Phase IV should have been carried out, but they didn't have such plans.  As stop loss ended on my unit that was even sent over there!  Therefore I can attest to the validity of this article.  The war was presumed to be over after Baghdad fell and troops were finally able to exit the service at their EAS.
Now you know two remaining Bush supporters.....just so you know...it doesn't matter how many there are now...it just mattered how many there were in 2000 and 2004.  Thanks for the eight years!
I don't see anything jaw dropping about this other than the fact it's being published in the same mainstream media many of you so enjoy excoriating. Doesn't get much more MSM than Time.

(To clarify: this news about Rummy doesn't surprise me in the slightest, that's why it's not jaw dropping)
I think this is common psychological mechanism. It works with religious cults, politics etc. People identify with ideologies, nations, groups, and symbols. When you identify with something, anything that threatens that something threatens directly your ego. People leaving cults and ideologies suffer lot mentally. Until they do that, they defend their ideology with normal mental defense mechanisms like anger, regression etc. Studies show that when people read something that they don't agree, their reading speed slows down significantly and their reading comprehension declines. 

Reason don't work for emotional problems.
So what now we're chastising Don Rumsfeld for *not winning* the illegal war in Iraq?  That he covered his ass should surprise no one.  But the important thing is that this guy is a war criminal who treats human lives like they're pieces on a board game with a huge map of the world.  He's a sick man, left over from another era, spreading the disease of war into the 21st century and he should be tried for war crimes in a international court before the eyes of the world.
My point was and is that the Dems put up lame candidates, which helped get Bush elected. Remember? He ran against Bush. We elect candidates every 4 years. Thats how "monsters like this got and maintained power". See above.
It's also a warning about Obama.
"Those people cling to their REPUBLICAN beliefs, and Bush has..."

Fixed.

Bush is no conservative.
Sanchez obviously has a little bit of sour grapes going on, but this gels pretty well with "State of Denial" by Bob Woodward.  The overall message is always the same: relying on cronyism instead of expertise is very often disastrous to the original goals.
[Confirmation bias](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confirmation_bias)
[deleted]
sorry dude. now it's time for conservative to be a dirty word.
No you care? It is painfully obvious that nothing is going to happen at this point - the democrats have less spine than I do, which isn't much to begin with - so it doesn't matter one way or the other.
&gt; The Oil companies use the manufactured turmoil as an excuse to put prices up,

It's never been more important to reduce our dependence on turmoil and switch to turmsolar.
[deleted]
and israel gets their competition destroyed
[deleted]
[deleted]
Quoting the article:

"In early July, when General Keane visited us, I described to him the wholly inadequate manning level of the staff, and told him that we were set up for failure."

...and

""Yes, sir. Our report validated everything you told us — that Franks issued the orders to discard the original twelve-to-eighteen-month occupation deployment, that the forces were drawing down, that we were walking away from the mission, and that everybody knew about it."

...and

"...hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars were unnecessarily spent, and worse yet, too many of our most precious military resource, our American soldiers, were unnecessarily wounded, maimed, and killed as a result. In my mind, this action by the Bush administration amounts to gross incompetence and dereliction of duty."

Once you accept as fact that the neocons and Israeli-firsters needed a failure of the American Military in Iraq to assure the continuation of the "eternal war" on terror: to ensure that the war against the muslims could continue on into Lebannon, Syria, Iran, Turkey, and Pakistan, and the rest of the world; to ensure the preservation of the police-state structure erected in the wake of the false-flag terror attack on 911, this "dereliction of duty" makes perfect sense.

And it makes me wonder just who General Tommy Franks was working for: the United States or Israel.
That's even worse, that he got the majority the _second_ time and by a large margin you cannot dismiss as 'questionable'.
Any........time.  Thanks for.....the next eight......years.
It's not a lack of spine, they feel that they have won the next election already and that impeachment may actually cause people to rally behind Bush &amp; Co. 

It's a lack of patriotism. They are putting their own election ahead of the country.
Also from Churchhill:

&gt; "Democracy is the worst form of government except for all those others that have been tried."
They had practice.
I was stationed in Iraq with V Corps when this was going on. What he says in the book about CENTCOM redeploying forces and leaving V Corps in charge is 100% accurate.
Heh. [Morton's demon](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confirmation_bias#Morton.27s_demon) is scary.
[deleted]
&gt;And it makes me wonder just who General Tommy Franks was working for: the United States or Israel.

[Hanlon's razor](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanlon%27s_razor):

&gt;Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity.
Well living here in Australia, I can only guess and come to some conspiracy type answer :p
So what do we sane people who hate war and corporatism as much as taxes and welfarism/subsidies get to call our selves?
And what a great eight years it's been.  You must be proud.
HEY DILDOZER!!!  Long time, no see.  Well, as with any administration, the Bush White House made their share of mistakes...but, yes.  I am proud of them.  Proud that they basically thumbed their noses at the left and did what they thought was right.
Ya, they sure showed them...and the economy.
The economy is AWESOME where I am.
[liberal](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classical_liberalism)

Summary:
"Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence."
I am proud of them.
I see no problem here.
It happened in the world.
I know one of the remaining 20% of Bush administration supporters.
My jaw did not drop.
The economy is AWESOME where I am.
Doesn't get much more MSM than Time.
And it makes me wonder just who General Tommy Franks was working for: the United States or Israel.
Thats how "monsters like this got and maintained power".
In my mind, this action by the Bush administration amounts to gross incompetence and dereliction of duty."
What the fuck is wrong with us that monsters like this got and maintained power?
Nothing to do with incompetence I reckon.
FTA: "...too many of our most precious military resource, our American soldiers, were unnecessarily wounded, maimed, and killed as a result.
&gt;"...too many of our most precious military resource, our American soldiers, were unnecessarily wounded, maimed, and killed as a result.
And remember that over 50% voted Bush twice.
"Those people cling to their REPUBLICAN beliefs, and Bush has..."

Fixed.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.10
