Original Response:
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS ABOUT SODOMY (HOMOSEXUALITY)?
Genesis 19:5-8
 5And they called unto Lot, and said unto him, Where are the men which came in to thee this night? bring them out unto us, that we may know them. 
 6And Lot went out at the door unto them, and shut the door after him, 
 7And said, I pray you, brethren, do not so wickedly. 
 8Behold now, I have two daughters which have not known man; let me, I pray you, bring them out unto you, and do ye to them as is good in your eyes: only unto these men do nothing; for therefore came they under the shadow of my roof.

Exodus 22:19

 19Whosoever lieth with a beast shall surely be put to death.

Leviticus 18:22

 22Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination.

Leviticus 18:23

 23Neither shalt thou lie with any beast to defile thyself therewith: neither shall any woman stand before a beast to lie down thereto: it is confusion.

Leviticus 20:13

 13If a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have committed an abomination: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.

Leviticus 20:15

 15And if a man lie with a beast, he shall surely be put to death: and ye shall slay the beast.

Leviticus 20:16

 16And if a woman approach unto any beast, and lie down thereto, thou shalt kill the woman, and the beast: they shall surely be put to death; their blood shall be upon them.

Deuteronomy 1 
 1These be the words which Moses spake unto all Israel on this side Jordan in the wilderness, in the plain over against the Red sea, between Paran, and Tophel, and Laban, and Hazeroth, and Dizahab. 
 2(There are eleven days' journey from Horeb by the way of mount Seir unto Kadeshbarnea.) 
 3And it came to pass in the fortieth year, in the eleventh month, on the first day of the month, that Moses spake unto the children of Israel, according unto all that the LORD had given him in commandment unto them; 
 4After he had slain Sihon the king of the Amorites, which dwelt in Heshbon, and Og the king of Bashan, which dwelt at Astaroth in Edrei: 
 5On this side Jordan, in the land of Moab, began Moses to declare this law, saying, 
 6The LORD our God spake unto us in Horeb, saying, Ye have dwelt long enough in this mount: 
 7Turn you, and take your journey, and go to the mount of the Amorites, and unto all the places nigh thereunto, in the plain, in the hills, and in the vale, and in the south, and by the sea side, to the land of the Canaanites, and unto Lebanon, unto the great river, the river Euphrates. 
 8Behold, I have set the land before you: go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give unto them and to their seed after them. 
 9And I spake unto you at that time, saying, I am not able to bear you myself alone: 
 10The LORD your God hath multiplied you, and, behold, ye are this day as the stars of heaven for multitude. 
 11(The LORD God of your fathers make you a thousand times so many more as ye are, and bless you, as he hath promised you!) 
 12How can I myself alone bear your cumbrance, and your burden, and your strife? 
 13Take you wise men, and understanding, and known among your tribes, and I will make them rulers over you. 
 14And ye answered me, and said, The thing which thou hast spoken is good for us to do. 
 15So I took the chief of your tribes, wise men, and known, and made them heads over you, captains over thousands, and captains over hundreds, and captains over fifties, and captains over tens, and officers among your tribes. 
 16And I charged your judges at that time, saying, Hear the causes between your brethren, and judge righteously between every man and his brother, and the stranger that is with him. 
 17Ye shall not respect persons in judgment; but ye shall hear the small as well as the great; ye shall not be afraid of the face of man; for the judgment is God's: and the cause that is too hard for you, bring it unto me, and I will hear it. 
 18And I commanded you at that time all the things which ye should do. 
 19And when we departed from Horeb, we went through all that great and terrible wilderness, which ye saw by the way of the mountain of the Amorites, as the LORD our God commanded us; and we came to Kadeshbarnea. 
 20And I said unto you, Ye are come unto the mountain of the Amorites, which the LORD our God doth give unto us. 
 21Behold, the LORD thy God hath set the land before thee: go up and possess it, as the LORD God of thy fathers hath said unto thee; fear not, neither be discouraged. 
 22And ye came near unto me every one of you, and said, We will send men before us, and they shall search us out the land, and bring us word again by what way we must go up, and into what cities we shall come. 
 23And the saying pleased me well: and I took twelve men of you, one of a tribe: 
 24And they turned and went up into the mountain, and came unto the valley of Eshcol, and searched it out. 
 25And they took of the fruit of the land in their hands, and brought it down unto us, and brought us word again, and said, It is a good land which the LORD our God doth give us. 
 26Notwithstanding ye would not go up, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God: 
 27And ye murmured in your tents, and said, Because the LORD hated us, he hath brought us forth out of the land of Egypt, to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites, to destroy us. 
 28Whither shall we go up? our brethren have discouraged our heart, saying, The people is greater and taller than we; the cities are great and walled up to heaven; and moreover we have seen the sons of the Anakims there. 
 29Then I said unto you, Dread not, neither be afraid of them. 
 30The LORD your God which goeth before you, he shall fight for you, according to all that he did for you in Egypt before your eyes; 
 31And in the wilderness, where thou hast seen how that the LORD thy God bare thee, as a man doth bear his son, in all the way that ye went, until ye came into this place. 
 32Yet in this thing ye did not believe the LORD your God, 
 33Who went in the way before you, to search you out a place to pitch your tents in, in fire by night, to shew you by what way ye should go, and in a cloud by day. 
 34And the LORD heard the voice of your words, and was wroth, and sware, saying, 
 35Surely there shall not one of these men of this evil generation see that good land, which I sware to give unto your fathers. 
 36Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh; he shall see it, and to him will I give the land that he hath trodden upon, and to his children, because he hath wholly followed the LORD. 
 37Also the LORD was angry with me for your sakes, saying, Thou also shalt not go in thither. 
 38But Joshua the son of Nun, which standeth before thee, he shall go in thither: encourage him: for he shall cause Israel to inherit it. 
 39Moreover your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, and your children, which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil, they shall go in thither, and unto them will I give it, and they shall possess it. 
 40But as for you, turn you, and take your journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea. 
 41Then ye answered and said unto me, We have sinned against the LORD, we will go up and fight, according to all that the LORD our God commanded us. And when ye had girded on every man his weapons of war, ye were ready to go up into the hill. 
 42And the LORD said unto me, Say unto them. Go not up, neither fight; for I am not among you; lest ye be smitten before your enemies. 
 43So I spake unto you; and ye would not hear, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD, and went presumptuously up into the hill. 
 44And the Amorites, which dwelt in that mountain, came out against you, and chased you, as bees do, and destroyed you in Seir, even unto Hormah. 
 45And ye returned and wept before the LORD; but the LORD would not hearken to your voice, nor give ear unto you. 
 46So ye abode in Kadesh many days, according unto the days that ye abode there.

SODOMITES
1.	1 Kings 14:24
And there were also sodomites in the land: and they did according to all the abominations of the nations which the LORD cast out before the children of Israel.
1 Kings 14:23-25 (in Context) 1 Kings 14 (Whole Chapter) 

2.	1 Kings 15:12
And he took away the sodomites out of the land, and removed all the idols that his fathers had made.
1 Kings 15:11-13 (in Context) 1 Kings 15 (Whole Chapter) 

3.	1 Kings 22:46
And the remnant of the sodomites, which remained in the days of his father Asa, he took out of the land.
1 Kings 22:45-47 (in Context) 1 Kings 22 (Whole Chapter) 

4.	2 Kings 23:7
And he brake down the houses of the sodomites, that were by the house of the LORD, where the women wove hangings for the grove.
2 Kings 23:6-8 (in Context) 2 Kings 23 (Whole Chapter) 

More from King James Version
1.	SODOMITES 
2.	BLINDNESS » Miraculously inflicted upon the Sodomites (Genesis 19:11) 
3.	JUDGMENTS » Sodomites (Genesis 19:23-25) 
4.	SODOMY » See SODOMITES 
5.	ADULTERY » INSTANCES OF » Sodomites (Genesis 19:5-8) 
6.	DEATH » AS A JUDGMENT » Sodomites (Genesis 19:12,13,24,25) 
7.	LASCIVIOUSNESS » INSTANCES OF » Sodomites (Genesis 19:5) 
8.	OBDURACY (HARDNESS) » INSTANCES OF » Sodomites (Genesis 19:9,14) 
9.	SIN » INSTANCES OF » The Sodomites (Genesis 18:20) 
10.	WOMEN » INSTANCES OF » The sodomites of the southern kingdom (Judah) (2 Kings 23:7)
Does that have a point?  I am just reporting it...

Summary:
42And the LORD said unto me, Say unto them.
18And I commanded you at that time all the things which ye should do.
28Whither shall we go up?
43So I spake unto you; and ye would not hear, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD, and went presumptuously up into the hill.
29Then I said unto you, Dread not, neither be afraid of them.
JUDGMENTS » Sodomites (Genesis 19:23-25) 
4.
bring them out unto us, that we may know them.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
