Original Response:
The real question is, "does anyone besides me have a huge problem with communist chinese security forces attacking soveregin citizens who are exercising their right to protest IN THEIR OWN GODDAMN COUNTRIES"?!Where is your line in the sand, jellyfish?!
there has only been some verbal assults and a little pushing and shoving. certainly no violent clashes....yet
"pro-china demonstrators" wtf?  The closest thing to that I've heard was the government riot squads in China.
I was there.  I hate to say it, but the police were shining examples of professionalism and restraint.
It certainly looks like San Francisco's police force.
CNN's giving the event fairly good coverage, and so far, I've only seen maybe a half-dozen protesters being pushed back by the police.  

It looks like most of the protesters are behaving themselves and assembling peacefully.

People are theorizing that the ferry-boat will take the torch across the bay now, be interesting to see how that turns out.
San Francisco has a large Chinese population
I was there: totally peaceful. SOME yelling between pro-tibet folks and people with China flags, but generally everyone was disappointed that the torch didn't come through...
I found it VERY disappointing. I was so excited to see the Torch and see how the crowd would react and how police and runners would handle the situation, only to be disgustingly let down. It was damn near depressing. After all Newsom's talk of how this relay wouldn't be like London and Paris, it was worse! At least people got to SEE the torch in Europe.

I didn't witness any fights, just more than one screaming match between groups of pro-Chinese and pro-Tibetan. There were also a couple of 'Save Darfur!' demonstrations going on.
Yeah I'm no fan of cops, but SF's are pretty much as restrained as I've ever seen.

I went to the embarcadero at one, and there were China-supporting groups with red flags and the panda-with-lipstick olympic mascots marching along glassy-eyed, and pro-Tibet groups marching past them without really any problems. 

I then raced over to Van Ness to watch the torch get run down the street toward the GG Bridge. it backed up traffic fiercely on VanNess and the GG Bridge approach, but people were pretty cool. There were a crap load of cops, and there were protesters chanting. I didn't see any problems.
[deleted]
Violent Free Tibet protesters?  Aren't they Buddhists or something?
I'm surprised this event isn't higher on reddit.  It seems to me like a complete humiliation and capitulation to the protesters:  they basically cancelled the torch run.  

(yes they still ran, but on an unplanned route with nobody watching?  what's the point?)
The Olympics and any other competitive sporting events are rooted in the hysterical. The slightest intervention can make this plain.
You could always roll a torch out of newspaper, tuck a wife beater into your boxers and zip the block. That would be way more fun.
I understand what you're saying, but I'm downmodding you because you "hate to say" that the police were "shining examples of professionalism and restraint." Pray tell, wouldn't you really, really like to be able to say that, truthfully and on a more regular basis?
I posted some pics at: http://www.roughlydrafted.com/2008/04/09/san-francisco-protests-the-chinese-olympic-torch-run/
It was a joke. Our mayor is a spineless coward. He should have thrown that "Olympic Flame" to the dogs and got the show started. Maybe it would have been mayhem...who knows. But to sneakily load the flame onto a bus, drive to Van Ness street and offload the flame in the company of 300 police...what a joke, no one was there. Everyone was wondering what the hell the flame was doing there. And it looked like a fascist military exercise.  Meanwhile, thousands of protesters, citizens, kids, Olympic enthusiasts are lining the original stated route (on the Embarcadero)...to catch a glimpse of the flame. I was severely disappointed. If our mayor was a household item...he'd be a toaster (if that communicates anything). What a joke! I bet his middle name is Ken.
[BBC documentary film about current events in tibet](http://reddit.com/info/6f84a/comments)
&gt; communist chinese security forces attacking soveregin citizens

Citation required, other than your paranoid white honkey ass.
[deleted]
I was there.

The police were good, but the chinese torch escorts abused multiple people and ordered the torch bearer around. They also had fanny packs. I was not able to determine their contents, although I suspect it was likely some crab rangoon and sesame chicken.
That many cops and they have to move the route damn those huffy, puffy, overtime-scamming worthless porkers.  Saw a few driving on the sidewalk, yea safety was their top priority.  Moving the protest from the publics attention would be more likely.

Frankly I think it was a big waste of time, and for what some bullshit called the Olympics.  Sorry it doesn't mean what it used to, and it probably never did.

Threat of violence? Protesters I doubt it, more likely residence affected by this nonsense.   I know I wouldn't want to drive home thru that nonsense, especially with the "mystery/why even bother" route.

Love MSM's tight camera shots, gota keep those protesters out of frame.
"It was later reported that an American man who challenged the Chinese, calling them communists, had been beaten up."

Heh heh heh ...
It was sarcasm.  Of course I would love to say that all the time.  As a matter of fact, I've never personally has an encounter with the police that wasn't professional and proper.
I upmodded you declining to mod because *I* would really, really like to say I live in a society which doesn't use police.
In SF's case, "restrained" means apathetic. They don't investigate crime. They don't react to crime. They don't do anything. And by crime I mean homicide, not jaywalking.
Fair enough, downmod removed.

Forgive my lack of seeing the sarcasm. Guess my view of reddit is a little cynical.
&gt; Guess my view of reddit is a little cynical.

Totally understandable. :)
The protesters were a joke.  It cracked me up when a TV news report asked 5 or 6 protesters in a row that can they point out where Tibet is on the map.  None of them can!  One guy said, I'm a vegetarian, an organic farmer, and a protester by heart.  The dumbwit didn't even know what he's protesting.  He just wanted to join the bandwagon.

Summary:
The protesters were a joke.
I didn't see any problems.
I was there: totally peaceful.
It certainly looks like San Francisco's police force.
I hate to say it, but the police were shining examples of professionalism and restraint.
The dumbwit didn't even know what he's protesting.
It looks like most of the protesters are behaving themselves and assembling peacefully.
Moving the protest from the publics attention would be more likely.
Protesters I doubt it, more likely residence affected by this nonsense.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.04
