Original Response:
Why can't Israel just use the MAD strategy?  It worked fine for the US and the Soviet Union for many years.  In fact, I propose the following MAD scenario, which should take care of any Islamic nuclear terrorist threat:  target Mecca.  That's it. Pure and simple.  In the event of a nuclear terrorist attack on the US or any of her allies, all available retaliatory strikes will immediately be launched against Mecca. Publicize this well. The result will be that the area will become so radioactive for so many centuries that no Muslim will ever have any opportunity to reach paradise ever again.  I am not anti-Islam but if you are going to take out NYC in the name of Islam, then there ought to be an appropriate dissuading counter-threat.  You gotta do what you gotta do.
aka. eye for an eye.
This isn't news.  Whenever your in some sort of serious international dispute, you always draft strategic war plans as a cautionary measure.  The article says they intend to use them if sanctions don't work.  Now, I don't support bombing anyone, but I do support being prepared with plans for any course of action.
Sure! If only everyone in the world was as smart as you are. Did you ever intern for Cheney ?
Who is 'you'? Is that 'all Muslims, all over the world'?
Did they think it would take too long to say nuclear, and thus abbreviated it to N?
If stories like this were always correct, the crater where Iran used to be would be about 30 miles deep by now.
so if iran hits israel re-emotively with conventional weaponry, does that prove they don't have nukes? after all, hasnt israel just declared hostile intent against something that has already been cleared as innocent.

edit: sorry preemptively
What a cow-head.
[deleted]
Time is running out on the neocons. Keep hitting them while they are down, because if they ever get up it means more war.
Yes, because at the same time every day, all Americans turn to New York, and scream

"HEY!  I'M FUCKIN WALKIN HERE, ARRIGHT?"
I read that "Israel preparing to drop the N-bomb".  Which I think should be the global deterrent.

"I'll say it!  I will, and on TV, too!"
&gt; re-emotively 

Admit it, you just made that word up.
Be prepared in case of war, yes.
Prepare for a first strike attack against an innocent target, that's not defense, that's a crime, sanctioned by international law.

But then again, if that would be properly applied, America would be dragging it's ass home under the gazing eyes of the rest of the world, and made an example of.
I've been seeing headlines like this for the past 4 years.

problem is that the Iranian nuclear sites are too deep underground to be destroyed by a bombing campaign. this would require some serious Chuck Norris type shit to pull off.
Ah, right, because anything with a .ir domain *can't possibly be lying* about Iranian international relations.

Downmodding for failure to link to original source.
sorry: preemptively...

though emotively is an actual word, re-emotively would be re-it i guess :P
Fuck you.  I'll believe it when I see the green screen on CNN with tracer fire... until then STFU
So presumably if a Catholic country attack's Israel the appropriate response is to nuke the Vatican?

How about we get back to some sensible state of affairs whereby the international community does not tolerate any attack by one nation on another and the premise of pre-emptive defence is trashed (as it should be).

Oh, and lumping people together by religious group when discussing national political issues is beyond stupid, the idea that if Iran attacks Israel all Muslims regardless of nationality are somehow responsible is absurd.

War and any other military action should be an action of last resort or an act of defence, it should not be a normal foreign policy tool.

Of course one of the rather odd issues not mentioned often is that whilst Iran is accused of trying to obtain nuclear weapons, Israel already has them, in fact Iran is continually facing threatening rhetoric and militaristic threats from nuclear weapon states, most of whom have a treaty obligation to reduce their own nuclear arms and are failing to do so.
Read this by Juan Cole:

Iran does not have a nuclear weapon. As of last fall, US intelligence determined that it was not trying to get a nuclear weapon. There is no realistic likelihood of Iran having a bomb 'in the next ten years.' Israel on the other hand has hundreds of bombs and has threatened to use them.

(
Paul George points out that in an interview with Keith Olbermann, Clinton actually alleged that if Iran developed nukes it would be the only such state in the Middle East. Actually, Israel was the first and if you count Pakistan as both Middle East and South Asia, it would be the second.)

So the statement seemed incommensurate with the known facts. It was counter-productive because Supreme Jurisprudent Ali Khamenei has denounced nuclear weapons. Khamenei says that nuking civilians is contrary to the Islamic law of war, which only allows warriors to kill other warriors:


' "Their other issue is [their assertion] that Iran seeks [a] nuclear bomb. It is an irrelevant and wrong statement, it is a sheer lie. We do not need a nuclear bomb. We do not have any objectives or aspirations for which we will need to use a nuclear bomb. We consider using nuclear weapons against Islamic rules. We have announced this openly. We think imposing the costs of building and maintaining nuclear weapons on our nation is unnecessary. Building such weapons and their maintenance are costly. By no means we deem it right to impose these costs on the people. We do not need those weapons. Unlike the Americans who want to rule the world with force, we do not claim to control the world and therefore do not need a nuclear bomb. Our nuclear bomb and our explosive powers are our faith, our youth and our people who have been present on the most difficult scenes with utmost power and faith and will continue to do so.' 


Khamenei's quaint chivalry in this age of total war stands in contrast to Clinton's chilling contemplation of genocide against 70 million Iranians in retaliation for something they would and could have had no part in deciding. Mutual Assured Destruction is a security underpinning of the contemporary nuclearized world, but it is a diplomatic weapon that works best by allusion.

If you were an Iranian and you heard Clinton talking like this, would it make you more or less interested in acquiring your own nuclear weapon? That is, Clinton's rather bloodthirsty pandering to what she thinks the Israel lobbies want to hear is likely actually to produce the opposite of the desired reaction in Iran itself and is most unwise.

Clinton also does not mention that Israel is already protected by MAD because it has several hundred nuclear warheads (see the beginning of this essay). Senator Clinton is by now just flailing around fantasizing about incinerating children in playgrounds in Isfahan. 

Mark 8:36 is relevant here, and I commend it to the good senator: "For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?" 

http://www.juancole.com/2008/04/clinton-fails-to-pull-out-big-win.html
&gt; does that prove they don't have nukes? 

No.

If both sides have nukes, there's an obvious reason not to use them: because both sides lose.

(I think Iran probably doesn't have nukes right now.  And if you read the article, you'll see that Israel agrees.)
Then what is so bad if they do have nuclear weapons?
The original source is Iran state press - in response to a 60 minutes interview with an IAF commander describing tensions with Iran.  Yes, Israel has likely laid plans for a strike on Iran's nuclear facilities.  And probably Syria's, Lebanon's, Cyprus', and every other country within 1000 miles.  Do people really think military commanders sit around twiddling their thumbs during time of peace?
Awww, they're like a mini-America!
Yeah, the Iranian nuclear sites are really deep underground. In Siberia.
So every once in a while a "Israel getting ready to bomb Iran"-story makes it to the front page. Wasn't it inevitable (according to reddit) that Israel would bomb Iran ... last March?
[deleted]
Thank God Reddit has kept these past 20 wars from taking place.
"Igitur qui desiderat pacem, praeparet bellum." - Vegetius.
You know what this means, don't you?
"all those who take the sword will perish by the sword" - Jesus
So can other countries bomb Israeli nuke facilities? Because we all fucking know they have them and it seems that other countries can use the "we think they are going to start a war so we are going to star a war with them first before they start a war with us" justification against Israel.
We dont take kindly your types here nigger guy
http://www.presstv.ir/aboutus.aspx
About Us

Press TV takes revolutionary steps as the first Iranian international news network, broadcasting in English on a round-the-clock basis.

Our global Tehran-based headquarters is staffed with outstanding Iranian and foreign media professionals.

Press TV is extensively networked with bureaus located in the world's most strategic cities.
What?  Israel doesn't like black people?
We also have a greater than 100% record at predicting market trends.
Holy shit.  Looks like black people can't catch a break in Iran, either...   now we're calling them *N-sites*?
That's what happens when you protest....*in suits*.
Yeah, but no one here could have predicted that time the Paul administration decided to distribute cancer cures for free.
[deleted]
Chuck Norris better let the beard grow out?
because ahmenijad(sp) thinks that the world is ending
That's the point. If Iran had nuclear weapons, Israel wouldn't even think of doing such a thing. I think Iran should definitely go ahead and develop nuclear weapons.
That only works if destruction is a deterrent for both sides.  If, on the other hand, one believes that such a conflict would bring about the 12th Imam, the deterrent becomes an incitement.
The article failed to mention they are bombs filled with delicious candy.
If the stories about Iran's WMD were correct, Israel would be lying in a crater ten-times that deep.
When did he say that? Does he even have the power in Iran to do anything about it? If you could answer me those two questions, then I will agree with you.
Um, what?
who's dropping an N-bomb?
I was making a joke on the fact that this headline doesn't say nuclear but instead treats the word as if it is offensive like the other "N" word.
That's right, John. It also means we're heading back to the bunker in the mountains. Pack the usual supplies.
When has Israel threatened to use nukes, please give citation.
Guns, food, medical kit, and sudoku.
I don't actually see it happening.
The point is that Iran doesn't have the nukes *yet*.  If they had there would be no chance of it getting bombed, cause that would have caused an Iranian nuclear strike in return.
what could possibly go wrong?
I can't say whether or not Iran is trying to do anything militarily dangerous with their nuclear ambitions, but they are certainly doing something economically dangerous to those who have investments in oil and many other energy technologies.  by producing lots of energy and selling it to the world, Iran has the ability to considerably reduce oil's value and relevance.  The vast majority of us in the world would benefit from that price drop but those who own energy and energy infrastructure should rightly be quaking in their boots.  For anyone to destroy a provider of cheap energy is in its way an attack on everyone who is a buyer in the global marketplace.  If there is anyone pushing to attack these sites for financial reasons, for the sake of protecting their own interests, we all need to recognize that inevitably this is taking energy off the market and forcing us all to pay more for it.  Only if the gains outweigh that--potentially a huge loss--would there be reason for the vast majority of voters around the world to let this country attack Iran.  Someone tell me a fairly concrete benefit that outweighs the fairly concrete loss.
&gt;so if iran hits israel re-emotively with conventional weaponry, does that prove they don't have nukes?

If Israel hit Iran's nuke plants with non-nuke weapons does that prove they don't have nukes?  I think not.

Just because you have nukes doesn't mean you use them in every situation.
&gt;Then what is so bad if they do have nuclear weapons?

Because - as a general rule - the world has decided that SOME countries have not reached a stability needed to have nukes and be trusted with them.

Iran is one of these countries.

It may not be 100% fair, but it beats letting every country that can make a nuke have a nuke.
I swear it slipped out.  We don't normally use that kind of language and we don't tolerate it.  I have no idea how that happened!
Exactly.  Israel already has nuclear weapons, so let anyone and everyone have nuclear weapons.  But then how do you prevent the use of said weapons?  Well, MAD worked quite well at preventing that use for some 30 odd years.  But in order for MAD to function, you must have an opposing target, if not a homeland then something dear to the opposition's heart.  Were there a Catholic terrorist group threatening nuclear or some other massive attack on a people, and were there some evidence that the Vatican was supporting this group, I should think that the Vatican would indeed be a legitimate target for retribution.  Why not?  Should the Vatican, or Iran, or a bunch of Buddhist monks in Tibet go out of their way to procure nuclear weapons, and should some 'terrorist' group then use these weapons (in obvious violation of your so called "sensible state of affairs") why shouldn't the procuring group not be held responsible?  
It may not be pleasant but Tit for Tat works.  Go study your Game Theory.
I hope you can see why this is the most stupid idea and in no way similar to the concept of MAD.  The whole point of MAD was that if you attack us we all die, but you all die too. You make the conflict un-winnable.   

Your suggestion would not make a conflict un-winnable, it would make the consequences of an attack by one country a retaliation against a different country.  If you think killing a huge number of innocent people in what amounts to punishment for an act that they did not commit will in any way deter a group from an attack you are insane.  I'm sure some groups would even see the kind of attack you suggest as a good thing, mainly because the rest of the world (all of it bar a very few) would be forced to condemn it and probably retaliate, even in the best case it would be a massive rallying cry for their causes.

If you seriously think its OK to carry out a nuclear attack against a large city which is  an innocent party in what you are suggesting, based on the fact that it is important to the faith of the attacker, then I really am amazed.  

The kind of stupidity, ignorance and arrogance evident in this suggestion is unfathomable, simply suggesting that the instantaneous killing of hundreds of thousands of innocent people is somehow justifiable does not make any sense.
"The kind of stupidity, ignorance and arrogance evident in this suggestion is unfathomable, simply suggesting that the instantaneous killing of hundreds of thousands of innocent people is somehow justifiable does not make any sense."

Exactly.  Could you please tell that to the Islamic militants who are about to carry out such a 'justifiable killing' and to the governments (quite possibly including Iran) who are supporting them?  Because I don't think they get the message.
p.s. not a troll.  just trying to make you think. tired of all the preaching to the choir...
Who exactly is *about* to carry out such an attack?  Last time I checked, there was no indication whatsoever that anyone in the region  (other than Israel, and frankly they are not suicidal, and don't fit your Islamic militant criteria so I feel I can exclude them) has the means to carry out such an attack, nor are any threatening to do so.

I was addressing the lunacy of the strategy you proposed.  Your proposal was to destroy an unrelated target, simply because it is of religious significance to the people that you hypothesised would carry out an initial attack.  The fact that it is in another country, is of significance to rather more than just Islamic militants (or indeed those in the middle east) seems to have been entirely bypassed.

If you truly believe that this threat will come to exists (and it does not at this point, and there is no indication that it is even being pursued as an option) the surely the best option for any victim state is to have a policy of retaliation against the aggressor, the theory is that if an aggressor knows he will die (and his country be destroyed) along with his adversary it will give pause and prevent the initial attack.

Your suggestion is frankly stupid because it doesn't meet even the bare minimum strategic goals in terms of defence (your country is destroyed, your enemy survives), it makes a nuclear exchange *winnable* for the aggressor!  Surely you can see that.

If you go on to suggest that this attack would be in addition to an attack on the initial aggressor, well doesn't that make it an act of unjustifiable revenge? An aggressive act of its own?

Summary:
Iran is one of these countries.
We do not need a nuclear bomb.
(I think Iran probably doesn't have nukes right now.
We do not need those weapons.
If Iran had nuclear weapons, Israel wouldn't even think of doing such a thing.
just trying to make you think.
I will, and on TV, too!"
I don't actually see it happening.
Israel doesn't like black people?
Israel on the other hand has hundreds of bombs and has threatened to use them.
Israel already has nuclear weapons, so let anyone and everyone have nuclear weapons.
We consider using nuclear weapons against Islamic rules.
I think Iran should definitely go ahead and develop nuclear weapons.
The point is that Iran doesn't have the nukes *yet*.
so if iran hits israel re-emotively with conventional weaponry, does that prove they don't have nukes?
Because I don't think they get the message.
&gt; does that prove they don't have nukes?
Yes, Israel has likely laid plans for a strike on Iran's nuclear facilities.
We do not have any objectives or aspirations for which we will need to use a nuclear bomb.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.12
