Original Response:
That was a good piece.
Missing is the pressure from the Obama side that suggests any anti-Obama position or vote is based on racism. 

The consequences of this,
combined with "leadership" (Wright/Sharpton/Farrakhan etc) fueled resentments could make 68 look tame.
No it won't.
What sense is there in creating a group of people whose sole power and responsibility is to *override* the will of the people if you don't want to face the consequences of doing just that?

Hmm, you think maybe they should've thought of that when they created this class of super-voters?
I agree, but you [reminded me of this](http://www.theonion.com/content/point/this_war_will_destabilize_the)

Is the Onion ever wrong?
I doubt there is much of anything that can "set off shock waves within American society" anymore. Seems like fat, dumb and happy is the status quo. Corporate media hyping the shit out  of something is different issue... that seems to happen on a daily basis.
Maybe this has nothing to do with the will of people at all then?
yes it will.  I personally will burn 4 buildings down.
I doubt it but it sure would be fun to watch.
I don't know, I'd wager people would be pissed, but I don't know if they would vote for McCain, or not vote at all. I imagine the black people of America would become further disengaged.

Perhaps as hated as Hillary is, racism and the fallout from the Rev Wright controversy will make her to be a more formidable candidate in the general election. It is odd that Wright is showing up a bunch in the media recently. Is the guy that dumb, or is something more calculated going on? Perhaps it would be more strategic to have Obama "wait his turn", and take a spot as VP or something. If Hillary can do better with the rural whites of Ohio and Penn, perhaps she is the better choice. Obama could still run as president sometime, just after waiting his turn.

The Democrats certainly lack the party discipline of the Republicans, where Romney dropped out when he could have kept going on. 

(Personally, I hate Clinton and would rather see Obama, I'm just talking political strategy. Please don't vote me down just because you like Obama and I said something contrary.)
You mean an organization whose sole motivation for existence is acquiring *power* to, effectively, rule the planet might want to take away the people's will to influence their actions? I think you're on to something!

Now, if only the blind Party advocates like the Daily Kos sheep would figure this out.
If only. Americans would roll back over and go back to sleep, ignoring the entire thing just as before.
Doesn't matter how much of a shock it is, the corpse is still dead.
Indeed. Many blog posts and comments will be typed angrily.  Stories will be submitted to reddit with great haste.  Political forums will be flooded with outraged rants.  Icecream will melt in the hot sun.
"phenomenon in opinion research called the Bradley effect, named after former Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley. When Bradley, who was black, ran to become governor of California in 1982, he was the frontrunner in all opinion polls"

Obama is not frontrunner in opinion polls! he is frontrunner in delegates, votes, states AND opinion polls... this Bradley effect does not aply to him.
The primary system is not an election. It is arranged by the parties,which are private organizations. The intent was to  try and get  candidate selection out of the "smoke filled rooms".

So it really does not have anything to do with the will of the people.
It is the desire of the party.
Voting is not as rational as one would like to think.

Just the name of Barrack Obama, so close to Osama. It sounds so trivial, so unbelievably stupid, but it is an almost unsurmountable handicap. Middle name Hussein, born in Honolulu, lived in Indonesia, had a black father.

It is really stacked against him in the US that still has an obvious racist tendency.

Still, what does not kill you makes you stronger, and it shows. He survived as a candidate.

Hillary Clinton has lost most of my respect in this campain, and Obama is the clear choice. But there is a chance now that he will lose to a seventy year old incompetent Bush III. That's how bad it is.

Let's hope that that nightmare for the US and the world will not happen.
Funny how this "any anti-Obama position or vote is based on racism" thing is only ever trotted out by  people who don't support Obama.

Almost as if, I dunno, it's just in their imagination.
[deleted]
Yes, we all know this. But the primary system that they decided to use makes use of *elections* in most states. That's what we're talking about, and how they reconcile that fact with creating an anti-voter group called "superdelegates".
Americans!?

OTHER countries would riot BEFORE we would about OUR OWN elections...
Americans are too fat, too lazy, too dumb, and too spineless to revolt.
We can learn from the terrorists, in terms of bravado and passion...
For the life of me, I don't know why anyone would ever vote for Hillary.
And we thought that 8 years of George Bush's presidency has already done that.
As a Black person, I have lost the last shred of respect that I had left for the media. It's not so much the stupid people that bother me so much. It's the smart people that pander to them. So what, this man isn't too keen on how white people have treated him in the past. You are not going to find many Blacks his age that will disagree. It's like asking a Jew that went through the holocaust about his feelings of Germany. Of course he's going to be a little upset. 

People will argue it's not the same thing. However, there will be those that disagree. When he started to quote the Tuskegee Experiments, I knew the source of his bitterness. He has an understanding of injustice that many of us will never know. The man has clearly been through a lot, so put shit in perspective when you listen to him.
The activist response will fall flat on its face, just like with the Iraq War.  The Neo-cons did exactly what they wanted and the whole activist community just produced a whole lot of sound and fury -- signifying nothing.  It was kind of like a big AIDS charity bike ride.  Made us feel we were doing something about the problem but it sure didn't produce a cure all by itself.
...and playing video games, eating Mcdonalds, potato chips, and watching "reality" tv.
You sound like you'd probably enjoy reading this document from 19th century Russia:

http://www.spunk.org/texts/places/russia/sp000116.txt
I hear you. But Wright should just wait a few more months. He should know better. I'm white, and although I understand where Wright is coming from, too many white people I know don't. They just can't see things from his perspective.

Obama is the best candidate. He has integrity. The US needs a leader of integrity. We should not play into Clinton's hands and play the race issue out. Not now.

Clinton is trying to turn Obama's candidacy into one about race. Fuck her for that slimy shit. We should rise above it and work out our unresolved differences in another way. Not through Obama's candidacy.
[deleted]
I think in this case "set off shock waves" = "won't vote Democrat"
I'm voting for Obama. I'd never vote for Hillary. She doesn't have a shred of integrity. I don't give a damn whose side she is on.

She doesn't deserve the presidency. I'd take 4 years of McCain over her. AND AFTER BUSH, THAT IS SAYING A LOT.
I'd become a decline-to-state voter for the remainder of my life with no allegiance to a party that proved itself no different than the Republican party. Hey, I'm already leaning that way. Just push me and I'm there.
Howard Dean *insists* that superdelegates will vote for the best, most electable candidate. Does no one realize that this is simply political posturing? The most electable Democrat *will* be the one with the most votes because people will be pissed if the nominee isn't the one with the most votes! It's all rhetoric designed to make Obama look stronger when the superdelegates do eventually vote for him. Not that there's anything wrong with that.
My bad.

Remember most of these delegates are elected officials. They are not going to ignore what people want. I am certain they want no part of having to decide this thing,as they are guaranteed to make enemies.

As far as will of the people and a demonstrably undemocratic element,I think 
this check/balance is wise,like the electoral college. "Tyranny of the Majority" and all that,mob rule, Hitler was elected,etc.

I really think folks need not worry about this.

It should be motivation to get out and vote,make sure folks you know are voting. So many people I talk to just do not care about it.
Drives me dipshit,then i think,well,if they can't be bothered to vote,they certainly aren't paying attention to the issues,..so maybe it is better that way.
Interesting and thought provoking piece.
[deleted]
&gt;Indeed. Many blog posts and comments will be typed angrily. Stories will be submitted to reddit with great haste. Political forums will be flooded with outraged rants. Icecream will melt in the hot sun.

I didn't see it mentioned in the linked article (from half a minute's glance-over), but a realistic concern described [here](http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0408/9862.html) involves possible side effects for the democratic party at large: 

&gt;(b) To take the nomination away from Obama when he is leading in the elected delegate count would deeply alienate the black base of the Democratic Party, and, in the words of one leading Democrat, “The superdelegates are not going to switch their votes and jeopardize the future of the Democratic Party for generations.” Such a move, he said, would also disillusion the new, mostly young, voters who have entered into politics for the first time because of Obama, and lose the votes of independents who could make the critical difference in November.

&gt;(c) Because the black vote can make the decisive difference in numerous congressional districts, **discarding Obama could cost the Democrats numerous seats.**

It's pretty melodramatic to describe any of that as "shockwaves within American society with incalculable consequences", but it is an outcome with (potentially) substantial political consequences, beyond redditors and other bloggers being pissed for a while.   (Even leaving aside the other consequences of a Hillary or McCain presidency.)
It might set off a few ripples if we become less fat and happy over the next few years.
Start with Justice Roberts, Thomas, Scalia, and  another choice of your own.
I have the impression Wright doesn't consider himself responsible for Obama's campaign.
So we get McCain. Yet a continuation of America's genius methodology of shooting itself in the foot, over and over and over and over...
Well, who's better with independents, Hillary or Obama?

BTW, I hate Hillary, but you can't deny she took Pennsylvania and New Hampshire and Ohio...
Absolutely.  They would riot and burn down buildings and shoot and loot innocent people....just like they do whenever ANYTHING doesn't go their way.
Might twitch, if it's still fresh.
He's smarter than that.
Big Obama supporter here. HUGE.

But beyond Hillary's disgusting campaign tactics, she's also a brilliant policy wonk. I'd bet she'd be an effective leader even if she's personally very hard to stomach.

Edit: Especially when the alternative is John McCain.

Wow. I said it. now watch me be downvoted into oblivion :)
and California
One can only hope! McCain wins in a LANDSLIDE!
Don't forget...they burn down their OWN neighborhoods.  That's the problem.  If they burned down Beverly Hills, they might get a better response.
&gt;There is a phenomenon in opinion research called the Bradley effect, named after former Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley. When Bradley, who was black, ran to become governor of California in 1982, he was the frontrunner in all opinion polls until the very end of the campaign. But he lost on election day.

Yes, because all black government-seat campaigners have lost on election day.
I'm surprised we even have legs to stand on at this point.
&gt; Yet a continuation of America's genius methodology of shooting itself in the foot

I think you mean the *Democratic Party's* methodology...
you mean likes riots?
Obama won already. Hilary had to win Ohio and Texas... she didn't. Game over.
why did you have any respect for the m in the first place?
*sigh*. wake up sheeple.
It's not that I think Hillary is a bad leader. I also don't think she would be a "bad" president, at least in the vein of Bush. I don't think she's stupid. People call her calculating, but all polticians are calculating (though she is very phony).

I just can't vote for someone who voted "Yes" on Iraq. She should have stood up to Bush on Iraq, what with her being a senator from liberal NY and a Clinton. But she failed us, and I can never forgive her for that, nor any other pol who voted for it. I understand politicians have to sacrifice some ideaology for pragamatic compromise, but in this case, she and all others were wrong.

Talking to female Hillary supporters, I get the distinct impression they only like her because they want a woman in office. Some of them wouldn't even answer my questions about her her vote on the war, other say "she got tricked!".
&gt; Is the Onion ever wrong?

Hasn't been in a long long time.

It, on the other hand, is systematically prescient.
It will ensure McCain victory, because blacks will stay home and not vote Hillary.

It will also greatly increase the influence of racist hate mongers like Jesse Jackson and Rev Wright, who will use Obama's loss as another example of whites keeping the black man down. These men derive their power from dividing, not uniting race.
You at once had respect for the media? That's crazy talk.
Another title for this post:

FUCK HILLARY
the most electable is no way to choose a candidate.  The most REPRESETATIVE of the Democrat's prinicples should be.
Average American: "what's a superdelegate? is he an enemy of Superman? what time is American Idol?"
Thought police have been dispatched to your location.  Please assume the Party Escort Submission Position or you will miss the party.
That title's a bit harsh, but sure this would be bad. Just like 2000 when the presidency was stolen from al gore.
And nobody will care, after a couple days, everything will be forgotten and Hillary will be the candidate...
Actually, that is one argument I don't buy. 

Ok, Reagan took NY and California in 80 and 84. I would wager that's more because of weak competition and the fact Reagan's charm and looks and hollywood background were taylor made for TV bred "mass politics". 

But, I don't think Obama is at risk for losing California or NY this year. 

Ohio, and Pennsylvania are rust belt states and are filled with the type of blue collar white men Obama couldn't hold. (Ok, Upstate NY is rust belt, but NYC is so populous and liberal). And New Hampshire is conservative in the same vein as McCain, and it shows, as he won it in 2000 and 2008.
Obama's state now has a crime wave b/c of puffed up "urban" residents overly proud of Obama.  I could forsee a riot (ala LA) and other similar areas.
&gt;prescient.

Good word.
I'm confused.  Hillary took California in the primaries this year...that's what i was referring to.
"O NOEZ, voting against Obama will make our Nigras think we're racist and they'll go on a rampage!"

Is this not seriously insulting? WTF.
I see what you're saying, but it wasn't the Democrats' idea to invade Iraq.  If Gore had been president, we wouldn't have had that particular foot-shooting incident.

There are lots of others that could have been avoided.
My point is that even though Hillary took California, it's not like Obama wouldn't. I cited Reagan's wins as an anomaly. 

On the other hand, Hillary took Ohio and Pennsylvania, and there's a chance Obama wouldn't.
That document is way cool.
they must be trying to foment an armed rebellion, to cover up their stupendously incompetent lying, thieving, murdering 'leadership'. the costume party! goddamned xtian pretards.
I hear you.

And I wish that she (like Edwards did) would just say "I was wrong" about the war vote.  That would have done a lot for me, but she seems unable/unwilling to admit she's wrong on virtually anything.

And, I agree with you that many woman - especially baby boomer women, in my experience - want Hillary simply because she's a qualified woman.  And I think that's very antifeminist.

I'm a woman supporting Obama, and feel no need to apologize or explain myself.

All that said, I will do my part to make sure McCain does not get elected, even if I have to grit my teeth to do it.
well, when u think that weakening the dems will in turn strengthen repubs then ofcourse the consequences will be massive...
Shorter: Having lost PA decisively Team Obama see the writing on the wall, and will try to throw one more really big tantrum before accepting the VP slot. 

He's a great leader, yet he's the biggest victim in America. He's tough enough to stand on his own, yet everyone is always beating him up. He's got a big tent of support, yet republicans are running very successful racist attacks against him. His supporters want "real" change, but are only really active when defending or propagating his marketing image. Ron Paulite's love him, yet his solution to the subprime crisis is to strengthen the Federal Reserve's power over the domestic economy. To stay a float, his coalition requires support from traditional Republicans who oppose the agenda that his young liberal base want implemented.

He's a uniter and not a divider. Oh wait- where have I heard that before...

DoublePlusGood. Citizens.
Oh my god! Please don't let that bloodbath repeat itself!
Yeh, won't it be neat?
Perfectly cromulent!
i think its a bit naive to just say that flat out. Gore isnt a foreign policy dove you know, neither is he a hawk, and i remind you that clinton bombed iraq on numerous occasions.
Just has to win the superdelegates. They were put in place to make sure you rubes couldn't sink the party by nominating a 'tard like McGovern.
Better title yet:

*A vote by the superdelegates against Obama would set off shock waves within Daily Kos, making them wet their panties*
One can only hope that a freak 35 kiloton meteorite strike kills McCain, Clinton, and Obama simultaneously in DC, allowing us to get a real candidate into office.

(Don't worry about Huckabee, if the universe itself sees fit to fix the other 3 for us, someone can go to the effort to fix him too.)
your cynicism regarding the impotence of the american voter, has tickled me
I'd get angry. Just right after I got done burying all my rice in the backyard.
&gt; The most electable Democrat will be the one with the most votes because people will be pissed if the nominee isn't the one with the most votes!

They weren't all that pissed when the *president* wasn't the one with the most votes. You think they care about a nominated candidate more?
But they *really want to win this time*. Who cares about principle, it's all about grabbing and hanging onto power!
should someone kidnap the richest CEOs, inject them aids and set them back into the wild, ... we'd soon see a cure.
I find it funny that he's pinning his hopes on Obama, actually. Sure, his skin color may be the most similar, but he had a white mommy and gallivanted across the globe as a child, never knowing what it would even be like to be a black american.

Do you consider yourself to have anything in common with Obama?

Anything of substance?
You might be right.  

[Here's](http://www.gwu.edu/~action/2004/gore/gore092302sp.html) Gore's speech opposing the war in Iraq.  The parts that could be interpreted to mean that he would have supported the war under different circumstances have been underlined.  Draw your own conclusions.
Well, the activist community did nothing because they relied on the democrats to fix it for them.

Gave them a majority in 2006 to fix it with.

How many more times will you believe the Pelosi apologists that they "need just a little more of a majority"?
Yeah, until they threw my man Tavis to oblivion and Hunter killed himself.
This is exactly why they'll give the nomination to Hillary. 

Look at the above statement.

All of the "supposed" Democratic recruits that Obama brings to the table, they say the same exact thing. In other words, they're worthless. They hold the party hostage, without giving any loyalty to it at all. Will they show up 20 years from now to vote Democrat? No. Why would they, they're "only voting for Obama". They're useless in the long run, and in the short run will take the party where *it does not want to go*.

Keep saying these things, the superdelegates will hear about it, and they'll install Hillary.
&gt; If Gore had been president, we wouldn't have had that particular foot-shooting incident.

Wow! You're psychic? You know that for certain?
&gt; Remember most of these delegates are elected officials. They are not going to ignore what people want.

Really? That seems to be the one thing all elected officials do, regardless of party affiliation. Americans want out of Iraq, Bush ignores this, Pelosi ignores this.
Maybe if Clinton wins over Obama, it will inspire the Republicans to nominate Ron Paul.  Then people will remember we live in a REPUBLIC, and your vote means nothing unless you participate and make it mean something.
My god, man. I was just in Chicago in December, and I do not recall seeing the Crips running around with political posters attached to the backs of their jackets, gunning down the Disciples while screaming, "Don't you GET it, motherfucker, Obama knows that running a deficit for the better part of a decade in order to finance a war that only benefits the military-industrial-oil complex is a subtle way to redistribute the national wealth from the bottom 99% of the economic ladder into the hands of the top 1%?!" 

Did I miss something? Well, to be truthful, although I spent most of my life in Chicago, I only saw Cabrini Green once, and certainly not while on vacation, so it's entirely possible that I did miss something. 

I'd better see what I can find on the net. Oh, hey, lookie here, [an article](http://abcnews.go.com/US/story?id=4704126&amp;page=1) backing up that there is indeed a crime wave. Hmmm. What does it say about possible causes? 

"The police blamed both gang battles between competing factions of the Gangster Disciples gang and the warmer spring weather for the uptick in crime.

'You just have too many guns, gangs, too may weapons out there,' Chicago Police Supt. Jody Weis told reporters, noting that murders usually peak in the summer and drop in the winter."

I'm not unaware that racial tensions frequently lead to riots, but blaming what appears to be an increase in the usual lunacy amongst competing gangs seems to be a bit of a stretch.
You mean give it to somebody like Roy Cohen?   Well, that's been tried.  Still no cure.
Yes I feel that I have a lot in common. And it doesn't matter where you been. His campaign is indicative of what many of us go through in out daily lives. I have worked hard and done the right things just to get my race thrown in my face. I even had a white person unfairly claim something that's rigthfully mine. See, we have tons in common.
Rich people already have a cure.  Magic Johnson is the most obvious example.
Perhaps... I could see the Dem party falling. MoveOn could literally take its entire membership to a new party and take about half or more Dems with it, plus every single african american former democrat and probably a lot of other minorities. It would be such a complete CF that I don't think the party would survive it. We might get a revitalized progressive party out of it which would be good from my point of view.

Ideally this would break the two party stranglehold, but since our system is biased to a two party system, one party will fall.
Sure, it's just a coincidence. ;-)

Of course I've been hearing about the fear of riots since the primary season began, you know Black riots - but I'm sure that's just a coincidence too.  I mean, I doubt Blacks would riot and all but...yeah, guns are probably what caused the crime wave.  Yeah, guns. I feel a lot better now.
Hillary Clinton has been accused of "fear mongering" with her ads citing how dangerous it might be for America if she is not elected.

Well, how is this article not doing the same on behalf of Obama? Its basically saying that Obama needs to be elected or else there will be mass violence and chaos. 
So much for voting on issues.
obama doesn't cause this sort of secret resentment. its editorials and opinion postings that do it. preaching one way with racist undertones or saying shit like "if you don't vote for me then you should vote republican" which is saying that you don't give a fuck about the party that you belong to. too much hypocracy in this country.
Surely a bald-faced betrayal of democracy and the majority of Democrats would have more effects than just costing them a few seats. I can't imagine many Obama supporters would just sign up as Republicans instead. What if this was the event that finally mobilized the people to create a viable third party, or to reform the electoral system?

Although I'm just not sure anybody cares enough anymore...
Amen brother. There will be outrage for a few days and then people will stop caring, accept what's going on and move on with their personal lives.
I don't see any "pressure that an anti-Obama vote is based on racism" coming from the Obama side. They've been pretty good about focusing on issues.

However, the article itself is causing this pressure.
Those guys **love** to get wasted and ransack a city.  You should have seen them when Montreal won the Stanley Cup back in the early 90's.

I remember it well.  I was sitting on my back porch smoking a cigarette, trying to get *her* of my mind.  You know the one I'm talking about.  

Police sirens wailed in the east, gradually growing into a cacophony.  I guessed about thirty cars.  A distinct crashing sound--  about a block away.  I ran to the front.  I couldn't believe my eyes.

Two robed individuals had driven a truck into "El Jefe," a taco stand.  *My* taco stand.  One emerged, carrying a large vat of beans, pouring it onto himself and screaming whlie the other wiped him with tortillas, taking a bite out of each one and then discarding it.
Which really big tantrum did he already throw?
If this is a joke, it is the most beautifully perfect one I've ever read. Sublime, yet masterful.

I salute you, and am ashamed of myself because I can't even tell if you're serious. You win, manicallday.
Did anyone else notice the "Is Barack Obama a Muslim?" add on the side of the page?
the Internets will start spontaneously the Revolutionary Party for Change of America with Obama/Kucinich as candidates... GO RPCA!
Obama's race shouldn't even be an issue at this point.  I'd support him over anyone else b/c he's the only candidate who suits the interests of the intelligent middle-class "bourgeoisie".  That an all college kids.  John Edwards was a Southern tart with an utter absence of any leadership or charisma, and obviously Hillary Clinton is a little too institutional/"with the system"/the end justifies all means to appeal to the really liberal democrats.
What you are suggesting either implies that Obama has control over the German media, or that Hillary has no control over her campaign adverts.  Neither of which is true, comparing a campaign advert produced for and endorsed by a candidate to a story about a candidate is not really valid.
Maybe because the MSM is the primary propaganda wing for the multicultural religion that has brought black people affirmative action, federal, state and muni set-asides, sensitivity training for white people, etc, etc, and all the other handouts associated with that Marxist boondoggle, the "civil rights" movement.

Maybe that's why...but when the media takes one little step back from the ritualized ass-kissing ceremonies that it has so-far treated Obama to, he of course "loses respect".

Whatever. Cry me a river, and thank god and the African chieftans who sold your grandpappy into slavery that you don't live along the banks of the Ebola.
Uh, yeah. Thank God we tried to enslave and rape an entire race of people and stole from them their dignity and culture.

By the way, speaking in generalities hardly helps an argument.
No it wouldn't.
I like this one personally: http://youtube.com/watch?v=FCVZlLBchVE
And many whites have worked hard just to see someone else of another color advanced ahead of us because of the color of their skin. It's kind of like running a marathon and coming across the finish line only to have someone tell you to hold on a second while this nice black runner passes the finish line first. 

OK white guy, the black runner went over 1st, now you can proceed 2nd even though you were actually 1st...
Wow, that was deep...
Obama continues to fund the war and voted for the Patriot Act. He doesn't want change.

Now... give me Ron Paul with Kucinich as his VP and I will vote that ticket. They may not agree on policy all the way through... but you know we would be out of the war and we would get change.
The cops would never let them get close to Beverly Hills...
Voted down because this belongs in the politics reddit.
[deleted]
I have no fucking clue what I just read, or what its from, but I still lol'd
Its like the Daily Show of internet news
Never mind me I am just bitter and hung over today. But seriously, he and I have a lot in common. Education, world perspective and even temperament. Although his accomplishments far exceed mine, I do think that he represents me as an educated black male. I also feel that he and I share in the ability to understand other people's suffering. To watch a person unable to put their wellbeing beyond hate breaks me apart on the inside. 

When I lived in Atlanta I used to work next to this pool hall. The place was there for years and I would go in there to grab a burger every once in awhile. The owner was an older White guy raised back in the days of Moon-shining, Pool and Nascar - but His pool hall was amazing. Back in the day, people from all over the country would come there and play. We would just sit back drink beer and talk.

There was one thing about this guy. He was one of the biggest bookies in Atlanta. The major casinos would even fly him out during all for the their big events. At night the place would be packed with people playing poker machines and dollar baseball. And he had a mean streak. I saw that old man throw a few people out with the use of an old baseball bat.

One day we were talking and then he looked at me and said "I feel really bad, but I got to let you know something," then he looked dead in my eye and said "It was only until a few years ago that I started to let Black people in here, but after meeting you I have seen how much a fool that I have been." 

I was shocked. This was 2001 and he just started to let Black people in his bar! Not even cops! Then for him to tell me that I was his first Black friend was even more mind boggling. He even said that he even thought about beating me with his stick a few times when I came in there and talked to his wife. But he understood that he was wrong and he felt that he lost a lot in life because of his own ignorance. 

I guess that's why I take this Obama shit so personally. I see what he is trying to do, but he has the media and Hillary encouraging the same ignorance that he is trying to overcome. However, the only people that she is hurting is the ones that cannot see that the best candidate for them is the one that they were taught to hate. And they will suffer for it.
Didn't black people in Africa own other black people as well?
I thought demtards were the non-violent, tolerent, loving, forgiving, never do anything wrong, nice little angels.
I don't know about the rest of reddit, but I certainly trust a report on Chicago organized crime coming from Alice Capone.
sound a lot like reddit
Yes, and they still do. *And* North Africans had a steady supply of white slaves from southern Europe. *And* it is mathematically impossible to not have had slaves in one's family tree. *And* the whole white guilt thing is, as I say, a boondoggle, a money-making venture, top to bottom.
&gt;They may not agree on policy all the way through... but you know we would be out of the war

Getting out of the war is almost the *only* thing on which Paul and Kucinich agree.
Magic Johnson is HIV-Positive

there is a difference.
Nothing like millions and millions of middle classers suddenly finding themselves working poor to stir social unrest.  Or do they become too busy eking out a spartan survival to worry about politics?
your ip has been recorded
Although I agree that poor whites males have one of the hardest times in the country, I don't think that it is because of black people. Affirmative action really doesn't work this way. In fact, lets be honest, it is more of a benefit to white females than black males. 

Class stratification is what Whites have to deal with. I would even say that Whites in America have a cast system. I still can't understand to this day why poor White people in the South fought in the Civil War. But I digress. 

What is killing poor and middle class whites is rich affirmative action. When George Bush can go to Harvard then you know something is up. Do you realize people get points for going to the right school? Those are the people taking your spots, not me. I am too busy working twice as hard for a third of the pay.
Ha! you guys need to get over yourselves. Liberal bloggers != all of America. Neither candidate is electable; it really doesn't matter which is the nominee.
and?
Nope, you're wrong there. -I've always voted Democratic for President.
Eh, people who riot in the US are just opportunists looking to be violent and loot.
Why am I getting buried for this? Hunter S. Thompson was my hero and Tavis Smiley -known for asking real questions- got blacklisted. The only place he can find a job now is on PBS.
misled and foolish for sure, but damn are you bitter as well...
And they seem to be the only two politicians...
And what has voting loyalty done for us so far?  So far, everything they have said is pretty much been bullshit.  I'm pretty much with Fangolo on this one, except I would never vote for McCain OR Billary!  Perhaps it's time to go third party after all...
Roy Cohn
Sorry, I am just tired of her BS and her fake Obama bashing.

SO TIRED OF BUSH-CLINTON!!!!
&gt; I guess that's why I take this Obama shit so personally. I see what he is trying to do, but he has the media and Hillary encouraging the same ignorance that he is trying to overcome.

He's trying to overcome being a famous, rich lawyer? Or being a US Senator? Raised by a phd white mommy all over the world in the manner that the rich and privileged have done for ages?

If skin color alone makes you feel like him, why can't McCain just do blackface?
&gt;I am too busy working twice as hard for a third of the pay.

In that case I guess I'm in the same boat as you...maybe I'm black and I just don't know it yet =\
[deleted]
No, but I am sure that you have you own irrational setbacks that you can't control to deal with.
I'm not trying to suggest Obama has some kind of control over German media, I'm just saying the article is supporting Obama indirectly via fear mongering.

To your other implication:

&gt;Hillary has no control over her campaign adverts

What I said: 

&gt;"fear mongering with HER ads

I would say that sentence suggests that she has control over her own ads.
a cure would not be profitable, remember we have to keep *treating* it
You know, it could be the best thing ever to happen to the U.S.  Obama could enter as an independent...blast the "2" party system away.
[deleted]
maybe twas me what burned them down
k now I'm actually getting a little depressed...
This changes anything?

Bringing newly registered voters to the game only means anything if they'll vote democrat all the time, no matter what.

And if they'll do that, they'll vote for Hillary anyway. If they wouldn't... what good are they?

In this game, a 20 yr loyalist doesn't get much more than the new voter though. Maybe if the apparatchiks revolted. But really, they don't even give a shit who wins, as long as its not McCain (and even he'd be preferable to a third party win).
I did it, I burned them
He earned his JD. He earned his office seat. He earned his best sellers. He earned his grammys. Nothing was handed to him. You have to work for these things. The only thing that he was given was smarts. 

And although I see that your trying to be funny, I was a McCain supporter until recently. Check out my prior post if you don't believe me.
&gt; And what has voting loyalty done for us so far? So far, everything they have said is pretty much been bullshit.

This is a very good question. Please think carefully on it for many weeks, or even months.

Also, let me give you another point to think about: Even should Obama be nominated, this means that they sanction him. How can he be much different than the rest?
Good point...and a hard one to answer.

I would have to say, because I've read a great deal about both of them, and not just from reddit headlines.  Obama has plans, many of which I've taken the time to read.  So does hillary, except her plans don't seem to be complete.  Much of it seems like well written fluff, and very similar to the crap we have been exposed to for the past 7 years.  Obamas plans resonate with me.  Everything I've heard and read, practially scream "complete plan", "I think outside the box".

I could be wrong, but I honestly feel that a vote for hillary is the same as a vote for Bush II - Redux.
Hmm.. if we're talking about white (or other) voters not voting for Obama because of his race, why are we not discussing the other big issue:

Namely: men not voting for or liking Clinton because she is a woman.

I've seen comments on Reddit calling her a *itch, or a *unt. Do you see corresponding comments on Reddit calling Obama the N-word?

I'm sorry, but if you stand up for racial discrimination but not gender discrimination, you're a hypocrite - or at the least, massively confused.
Well, I disagree about Obama, but at least that's a real reason to vote for him.

Good luck, hope you're not wrong.
I upmodded you.

But asides from that, PBS is a more respectable place of employment than NBC or CBS, in my opinion.
Being from Indianapolis (and still a resident there) I'm very familiar with the journalism practices of Tavis Smiley. He's a wonderful man in my book.
Say, like [rioting in Denver?](http://www.recreate68.org/)
I don't see how that relates.
Oh come on, people:

""A vote by superdelegates against Obama would set off shock waves within American society, with incalculable consequences."

"violence could erupt in predominantly black urban neighborhoods around the country."

Translation: "O NOEZ, voting against Obama will make our Nigras think we're racist and they'll go on a rampage!"

Whatever, mod me down. Truth is never popular on Reddit.
Well... the mistreatment of blacks with slavery, etc is not exclusive to other races. They treat each other like shit too. Gang violence, enslavement of one another in Africa before the white man even showed up, etc.
I'm not sure either, but I can totally see it being from Minoriteam. Maybe that's just because of the "El Jefe" bit, though. Needless to say, my mental image of the narrator became pretty funny.
I was just curious. Thank you for the elaboration.
But she is a cunt.
[deleted]
Treatment, not a true cure.

Of course, a real cure is highly unlikely; a vaccination to prevent new cases is more possible.
Cofee will be spilled, daggers shall be be unsheathed, blood shall toil while the rage and fury of the great masses appear unfolded. Isn't this what happened when the media downplayed Ron Paul, Dennis Kucinich and Gravel?
Modded down for making me imagine a room full of tool bags laughing their asses off at how funny their new racially-based cartoon would be.
If the superdelegates decide to overrule the voters will they really expect us to sing God Bless America? No no no, God Damn America!
*drinks Diet Pepsi Max*
&gt; He earned his JD.

Really? Affirmative action had nothing to do with it?

&gt; He earned his office seat.

Really? Chicago electioneering had nothing to do with it?

&gt; He earned his best sellers.

Really? That wasn't just coasting on momentum of being a leftie politician?

&gt; Nothing was handed to him. You have to work for these things.

That's the mythology that will be created. Should he win.

&gt; I was a McCain supporter until recently.

Why? Ole Cancerface would set the world on fire if he could find the right match to strike. He's nearly treasonous in his contempt for people like you and me. Then again, as long as he hates us for being proles, and not you for being black, I suppose that's perfectly ok with you?

If your judgement was so poor that you'd even think of voting for the subhuman piece of shit that is McCain, what reason is there to believe that it's improved now that you want to vote for Obama?
I absolutely agree with uni.  You don't have to like her, but that's no reason to use really offensive gender-specific labels.  Go ahead, downmod if you have that instant knee-jerk 'stupid bitch commentor' reaction, I'm expecting it anyway.
there was no reason to go to iraq.  we knew that before entering.  well, bush did, and the public was told it.
People keep forgetting that the idea of the super-delegate, and their ability to vote from conscience and not as a representative, existed before this race started.  
Let them vote how they feel is best, it's the way the rules were before it all started.  
If you wanted to cry about voting against one candidate or another, you should have mentioned it at the start.
I like Obama, and I hope he wins, but I also support the super-delegate's privilege of personal choice when voting.  
How would you feel if people pressured you to vote one way or another?
I'm not surprised, [look](http://youtube.com/watch?v=Ho3OVroEM3M) what they did when Montreal won in the first round.
&gt; there was no reason to go to iraq. we knew that before entering. well, bush did, and the public was told it.

So? What logic is in this argument? You seem to rely on people believing that there is some fundamental difference between the two men.

Might have believed it one time in my life, but the "Democrat=good, Republican=bad" thing has been proven false... they're both worthless.
See, there's a legit reason to vote for the man. I knew somebody on Reddit had one.
See, there's a legit reason to vote for the man. I knew somebody on Reddit had one.
You're missing one thing though, if they come for Obama, maybe after 8 years, they'll stay for the Democrats.

Obama is a boon for the party in that he toes the line near 100 percent, but polishes that turd so well that people actually see their own reflection in it (wow, that analogy worked on way more levels than I intended). 

Obama might well be their Reagan , and they'd be a fool to pass him up.
&gt;never knowing what it would even be like to be a black american.

Please enlighten me on what it is to be a black american. I've lived my entire life in America yet I seem to not suit the proper stereotype of a black american.
They're as much as saying they won't stay even if they get their way. And there won't be any way of holding them to their promise.

Who knows, he might be their Reagan... but then, when have the Democrats not been fools? Fools so big that only the voters fell for their shit?
Americans believe so deeply in their democratic system that they cannot see the possibility of acting outside it to fix it.
If only the blue collar whites could comprehend that.
&gt;OK white guy, the black runner went over 1st, now you can proceed 2nd even though you were actually 1st...

I can explain this:  white people had a head start.
Are you serious?

Even if we take your argument at face value, they have two votes to my one (and one of their two is BIG).

Why should that be?
That word doesn't mean what you think it means.
Remember, Obama's pastor Rev. Wright says the US Govt created aids to infect minorities.  Obviously a republican plot. Or better yet it's Hillary's fault.  Yeah, that's it.  Hillary.

&lt;tokes some more&gt;
Not my problem. I had nothing to do with it and shouldn't be punished for it. 

Black people expect to be treated equally, as they should be treated of course. But you can't on one hand demand to be treated equally while on the other hand benefiting from programs such as affirmative action.
The super-delegates are a fundamentally anti-democratic apparatus.

How can you deny this?
Sorry, but this is a party function, not a government election. If a party wants to pick nominees by lottery, or blowjob contest or what have you, that's there business.

Go complain that the local McDonald's isn't democratic either, since the burgerflippers don't vote for store manager.
you have to be kidding me... people weren't pissed?? And in this case, they can actually *do* something about it (not vote democrat)
hey man it's their party. they're going to choose the one people voted for anyway
Anyone else catch the implication that if Obama doesn't get the nomination that there will be race riots?
Note that you do not know maniacallday's class background.
Thank you. This 'wedge issue' is revealed for what it is.
Funny. When Gore was Vice-President, we attacked Iraq for WMDs.

http://www.cnn.com/ALLPOLITICS/stories/1998/12/16/transcripts/clinton.html

*CLINTON: Good evening.

Earlier today, I ordered America's armed forces to strike military and security targets in Iraq. They are joined by British forces. Their mission is to attack Iraq's nuclear, chemical and biological weapons programs and its military capacity to threaten its neighbors.

Their purpose is to protect the national interest of the United States, and indeed the interests of people throughout the Middle East and around the world.

Saddam Hussein must not be allowed to threaten his neighbors or the world with nuclear arms, poison gas or biological weapons. *
McDonalds is not a political party.

The fact that a party could use any criteria on Earth to nominate it's candidates does not make some of those methods anti-democratic.

Just like the electoral college, the institution of super-delegates exist to deny the expressed will of the public.

Do you deny this or not?
Average redditor: "Idiotic characterization. Attack of SUV strawman. Baaaaahhhh. Baaaaahhh."
There is one calculable consequence. That would "officially" split the party. There are already Obama Dems (new establishment) and Clintons Dems (old establishment).
Pelosi sucks. We need a speaker with the guts to stand up to the worst president in history and put impeachment back on the table.
As there are the new Republicans and the establishment Republicans.
Yep, that's why Bush got re-elected in 2004.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bourgeoisie: "middle-class people: affluent middle-class people characterized as conventional, conservative, or materialistic in outlook." 

There are alot of liberal, educated Democrats who still fall into that description.  Liberal in political views, but still relatively conventional and conservative in how they conduct their personal lives -- higher education (grad. school+), nuclear families, etc..
The public is only guaranteed the right to vote for one candidate or another.

Not to choose the candidates. So quit whining.
You had me until that last paragraph. You realize democrats are pieces of shit, and then magically, a non-shitty one strolls out of nowhere?

Well, guess what...
I'm sure your life is just awful and that you are being punished by that black man holding you down.  Anything else you'd like to blame someone for?
&gt; "...with incalculable consequences."

Such as passive acceptance and bitching on the internet. I'd like to believe the US population would demand change if its government frustrated the popular will...I'm not holding my breath.
Modded up for making me imagine a room full of minority toolbags laughing their asses off at how subversive and ironic making a racially-based cartoon would be.
The Onion came first, was/has been consistently funnier (as much as I love the Daily Show).
What did you expect? The heart of Vietnam activism was people who didn't want to be drafted.
But you are a dick.
If they don't they should certainly change their name from the _Democratic_ Party. Maybe the Smoke Filled Room Party, it's a bit long but I think it could work. We could call them Smokies for short.
[deleted]
So I take it from the fact that you continue to dodge the question that you concede?
Ok, I concede that that is a definition of the word.

The primary definition of the bourgeoisie is the employing class, and that hardly equates to the middle class.
I concede nothing. It's irrelevant. The people don't get to choose how a private organization does its business, and this is as it should be.

While you're busy whining that it's undemocratic, you have no time left to wonder why two parties made a gentleman's agreement to monopolize government back in the 20s. You're a stooge.
True to a point, in Marxist terminology it's "the exploitative middle class that owns the means of producing wealth and exploits the working class."  In modernist literature, though, the term seems to be used in describing the general well-do, educated and "liberal" (but  in reality, moderate) class.  That's the context in which I used the term, and it was put in quotation marks to imply that it should be taken with a grain of salt.
*I'm* a stooge? You tool, it's a political party, not a nightclub. If it has undemocratic methods of choosing it's candidates, that is the heart of relevancy because it says everything about what institutions they are *actually* defending.

I'm not arguing for a legal remedy to force the Democratic Party to use democratic methods to elect it's candidate. I'm pointing to the bald fact that super-delegates are anti-democratic institution.

Let's engage in a thought experiment: let's say the C.E.O. of Merck decides to run for president. He founds a party of which he is the sole member, and nominates himself. Has he done anything illegal? No. Has he done anything immoral? No, because he never pretended that his candidacy was derived from a popular mandate.

To be clear: I'm pointing out that the popular vote in the democratic party is window dressing, and you're replying that it's their window; Then you go on about some irrelevant bullshit and call me an idiot.

Does the institution of the super-delegates exist to deny the expressed will the constituency of the Democratic party or not?
rofl, silly kid
&gt; Does the institution of the super-delegates exist to deny the expressed will the constituency of the Democratic party or not?

It exists to keep you stooges from nominating another McGovern.
You're cognitive powers of persuasion are more than convincing and not in any way hampered by your ability to coalesce a credible argument.
And apparently because you tools think it is justified since it is legal.
Not a tool. I just don't whine about shit like that. You're the tool. The entire thing's a scam, and it won't stop being a scam if they toss you this particular tablescrap, dumbass.
God, you're an asshole. You're wrong on the issue on at hand to the point that you can't even address it, so you proceed with more irrelevant shit and ad hominem attacks.

You don't know shit about my politics. All I'm doing is calling a spade a spade.
It's not an issue, dumbass. Private political parties can do as they see fit, and if idiots like yourself believed that they were anything other than that, it's your problem. Not the parties.

You fell for it, joke's on you. Get over it.
Yes, they can do as they see fit, and some their internal structures are anti-democratic.

Seriously, are you retarded?
No, but I'm starting to wonder if you are.

The problem isn't that their rules for nomination is undemocratic, retard boy. The problem is that they exist. The solution to this is a revolution, and a purge of everyone that belonged to either political party, followed by a constitutional amendment that bars any of those we don't execute for treason from ever being involved in government again.

All democrats, and all republicans, they need to die. Painfully. They shouldn't be allowed to participate anymore. The lower level functionaries might deserve to live, and surely those whose only affiliation was registering to vote should be forgiven... but the rest, they need to die. Nothing short of that is even worth discussing.
Ok dude. I think your anger is clouding your critical thinking ability.

The point of making a revolution is increase the degree of autonomy that every individual in our society has.

Autonomy is reflected on the political level through the suffrage right.

By pointing out that the suffrage right is abrogated in the Democratic party tent, I'm calling attention to the fact that they are anti-democratic to the core, and that our autonomy as individuals will never be extended under their leadership.

This is revolutionary propaganda to draw people away from the democratic party which deludes people into believing that it represents any other interest then the big bankers and monopolists.

In short, my methods are to challenge people to think critically and question their beliefs, yours seem to be to rail at people and belittle them.

You should think about what you are actually trying to accomplish, and whether you will be able to achieve it without first building a consensus from the big majority of people in the country.
&gt; This is revolutionary propaganda to draw people away from the democratic party which deludes people into believing that it represents any other interest then the big bankers and monopolists.

Fair enough, and I apologize. But if you have to start with telling people that the sky is blue, we're fucked.

Summary:
I did it, I burned them.
I don't know, I'd wager people would be pissed, but I don't know if they would vote for McCain, or not vote at all.
I think you're on to something!
You know the one I'm talking about.
I just don't whine about shit like that.
You don't know shit about my politics.
Voting is not as rational as one would like to think.
So it really does not have anything to do with the will of the people.
Obama is the best candidate.
Why would they, they're "only voting for Obama".
I'd never vote for Hillary.
So many people I talk to just do not care about it.
I don't think she's stupid.
Maybe this has nothing to do with the will of people at all then?
It's not that I think Hillary is a bad leader.
I feel a lot better now.
They are not going to ignore what people want.
Please don't vote me down just because you like Obama and I said something contrary.)
You have to work for these things.
How would you feel if people pressured you to vote one way or another?
I could see the Dem party falling.
&gt;never knowing what it would even be like to be a black american.
And I think that's very antifeminist.
So much for voting on issues.
And in this case, they can actually *do* something about it (not vote democrat)
I like this one personally: http://youtube.com/watch?v=FCVZlLBchVE.
You think they care about a nominated candidate more?
I would even say that Whites in America have a cast system.
I don't see how that relates.
&gt; I was a McCain supporter until recently.
they're going to choose the one people voted for anyway.
For the life of me, I don't know why anyone would ever vote for Hillary.
The most electable Democrat *will* be the one with the most votes because people will be pissed if the nominee isn't the one with the most votes!
Didn't black people in Africa own other black people as well?
Well, I disagree about Obama, but at least that's a real reason to vote for him.
I think in this case "set off shock waves" = "won't vote Democrat"
But they *really want to win this time*.
There was one thing about this guy.
I imagine the black people of America would become further disengaged.
If they don't they should certainly change their name from the _Democratic_ Party.
&gt; The most electable Democrat will be the one with the most votes because people will be pissed if the nominee isn't the one with the most votes!
I knew somebody on Reddit had one.
the most electable is no way to choose a candidate.
&gt; there was no reason to go to iraq.
They treat each other like shit too.
I guess that's why I take this Obama shit so personally.
That's how bad it is.
My point is that even though Hillary took California, it's not like Obama wouldn't.
Obama's race shouldn't even be an issue at this point.
The public is only guaranteed the right to vote for one candidate or another.
Voted down because this belongs in the politics reddit.
(Personally, I hate Clinton and would rather see Obama, I'm just talking political strategy.
there was no reason to go to iraq.
I don't see any "pressure that an anti-Obama vote is based on racism" coming from the Obama side.
Yes, we all know this.
&gt; And what has voting loyalty done for us so far?
I also don't think she would be a "bad" president, at least in the vein of Bush.
I'm white, and although I understand where Wright is coming from, too many white people I know don't.
The primary system is not an election.
Actually, that is one argument I don't buy.
McDonalds is not a political party.
Perhaps it's time to go third party after all...
-I've always voted Democratic for President.
&gt; I guess that's why I take this Obama shit so personally.
And what has voting loyalty done for us so far?
Clinton is trying to turn Obama's candidacy into one about race.
They're as much as saying they won't stay even if they get their way.
But, I don't think Obama is at risk for losing California or NY this year.
sound a lot like reddit.
And if they'll do that, they'll vote for Hillary anyway.
I just can't vote for someone who voted "Yes" on Iraq.
Back in the day, people from all over the country would come there and play.
The people don't get to choose how a private organization does its business, and this is as it should be.
People will argue it's not the same thing.
That word doesn't mean what you think it means.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.78
