Original Response:
There is no food crisis. It's a distribution problem.
We can distribute the crap out of the supplies we have, but it won't mean that anyone can afford it.

Its a food crisis.
To say nothing of the people who couldn't afford it beforehand.
Is this like where we debate whether it's a recession or genocide for months in the media?
EVERYBODY PANIC.
or don't considering it is not nearly as bad as y'all would make it out to be.
I'd say it was a problem if 1/3 of the world lived off $2 a day.  Then again I'm just human, what do I know.

http://labor-forgottennews.blogspot.com/2007/09/13-of-worlds-workers-are-poor-and.html
Soylent Green is People!
Word.
Global conglomerates are buying up consumable commodities and sitting on them creating this artificial "crisis." Just because a grocery store is low on dairy products, markets are short and certain countries are making horrible import/export decisions does not make it a crisis. Unless of course, I don't get my Fruity Pebbles. I'll fuckin riot if I don't get my Fruity Pebbles.
[deleted]
I was at Costco today. They were out of rice. I freaked and burned the place down.
It's my engineering, you sheeple will accept the NWO and The North American Union.
There is a food crisis, via a distribution problem.  Since "we" don't control the distribution of food, 1812overture's post is technically correct.  They wouldn't be able to afford it otherwise due to supply and demand, which is also a matter of distribution.
And nothing actually gets done?  Don't worry a mass grouping of well intentioned, but misguided, people will send someone flowers to make up for it.
1) May I ask where you live, how much you make, how much you pay for food?

2) Consider how people in the third world couldn't afford things before.

But don't worry, it's not as bad as "we'all" make it out to be.
lead in the past tense is spelled led.
He loves Fruity Pebbles in a major way!
But there are people panicking who are not in the third world and are worrying about these things as if they will be seriously affected. I think the parent post is referring to those people.

But if you want to worry about the livelihood of the third world, then by all means do so. But don't blow it out of proportion and spread fear of this food crisis to people who have to reason to panic about it. (I am not saying that all people who are not in the third world have no reason for concern, Japan for example would have reason to be concerned)

But for people, say in the United States, to panic about this is ridiculous. The way this is being portrayed in the media is doing exactly that though, mentioning how there are shortages of rice in some Costco's and so on, which is a distribution problem that is caused by people panicking and buying more rice than they normally bought. So what happens then? Because of the fear spreading media headlines, people go out and buy more rice. It's ludicrous.

The only thing the United States has to worry about with respect to food is not shortages but price increases.

So I agree with the parent post that it is indeed not "as bad" as you have made it out to be.
http://reddit.com/info/6h25g/comments/
Awesome, I was trying to find something worth while to donate to.  Hey I hear this Barack Obama guy is running for President.  I just was flabber gasted when I saw not one but two submissions on the front page about the flower thing.  I can think of a number of things that is wrong with it.
I'm by no means an all around activist, or anything like that. I stay informed, try and inform others in real life, and I campaigned for Paul, but that's about it.

But yeah, I mean, I like the idea of flowers for her, but you have to do more than donate money online. Speak up, do something. 

www.revolutionmarch.com

March on washington, even if you don't like Paul that much.
I whole heartedly agree with you.  I'm more concerned about people in the third world being able to live properly.  Yes, prices will go up for me - and i'm concerned, because it will largely lead to me and other people eating unhealthy food more frequently.
Agreed, I wouldn't consider myself an activist - I caucused for Edwards in Iowa in '04 but that's about it.   But C'mon flowers?  That isn't doing anything.  In fact I think it makes things, although mildy, WORSE.  SO you're going to send an elderly women hundreds of flowers.  Way to give an elderly woman a choar. Being a Democrat, what about the environment?  All the plastic in the flowers that will inevitably wind up sitting in a dump.
That is a valid concern and it seems that we agree on the other points.

I just find issue with the way the food crisis is being portrayed by the media (in which I include the sensationalist reddit titles).
Brazil stopped exportation too, as brazillian i know this is big. Something is really happening, here in Argentina the government is having big problems with producers of food too. And dont forguet what Chavez said... Chavez: Soaring food prices are a "massacre" of the world's poor, is the economic, social and political model of the world, the capitalist model is in crisis. http://reddit.com/info/6gsqi/comments/

"Brazil halts rice exports to counter price hike" http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/News/International_Business/Brazil_halts_rice_exports_to_counter_price_hike/articleshow/2980181.cms
We have all this new technology, there has to be a new way to be an activist. I mean, coordination, education and organization is easier, but there has to be something else we can do. 

Damn, perhaps Ron Paul's money was just a fluke, and it wasn't just media mistreatment that caused him to suck. 

Sometimes, I just feel like a pawn of the elite. I want to see old media fall, and I want to see the rise of more citizen journalism.
Look, the deal is that while global food prices were low, local farming in countries which had not mechanized their farming was not so competitive, and so it didn't get so much investment and attention.

Then, at least partly due to things like farm subsidies, the horrific ethanol subsidies, and the collapse of the dollar, food prices spiked. But people are not starving because there is no food, only because what food there is is too expensive. Different kind of problem.

In terms of a solution, * read this article and the associated paper *

http://www.ns.umich.edu/htdocs/releases/story.php?id=5936

Very clearly, with very small improvements to farming technique, all these smallholders / one acre farmers / subsistence agriculturalists (whatever you call them) can greatly increase their output, perhaps doubling it or tripling it, making them independent from the global food economy because they can grow more than enough to get by on their own.

The market is not always the answer.
The first horseman of the Apocalypse is here. Repent now sinners!
Meh.  Wake me when we get to Mr. Pestilence.  I've got a bone or two to pick with that guy.  He owes me for the bad voodoo I got instead of babes and glory, a few lifetimes ago ..
Excel.
NWO planning to take out 80% of the population.. Survival of the fittest unless someone wants to go take out the illuminati..
&gt;we debate whether it's a recession or genocide

Wait! I know - it's recession! No, hold on... genocide! Yes, genocide! Ummm - this is an either/or question, isn't it?
Open Office?
There wouldn't be a food crisis if there wasn't a population crisis.
I pressed the arrow that points to heaven because your posts points to heaven, in my heart.
Try to convince someone in the land of the lost.
Yeah, this makes the imminent unicorn attack look like a small problem.
Why is it that the people in poor nations could afford the dumping prices of the US-subventioned food in the past, and now that their own farmers have quit the trade because they couldn't compete with the price of imports, the prices skyrocket?

Odd thing, huh?
*upmodded* CUNDC
The donations to Ron Paul were not a fluke.  Did you see what happened in Washington and Montana?

The people basically said, "We will make our own choices right or wrong, instead of letting the media suck us into their favorite choice."

Don't lose faith in the Ron Paul campaign, keep the pressure on, otherwise the republican party will have effectively disenfranchised the electorate of a truly conservative candidate.
When He opened the third seal, I heard the third living creature say, “Come and see.” So I looked, and behold, a black horse, and he who sat on it had a pair of scales in his hand.

    And I heard a voice in the midst of the four living creatures saying, “A quart of wheat for a denarius, and three quarts of barley for a denarius; and do not harm the oil and the wine.”

    Revelation 6:5-6
Aren't you forgetting the potential for *massive* migration flows as people attempt to relocate to countries where they can make a living.

In a global economy, no one is not affected.
You do realize that there can be a food crisis with a population of 1 right?
PowerPoint.
This is a manufactured crisis, though. They've realised that war isn't going to kill enough people, and so starvation is now their weapon.

Well let me be one to say: this planned genocide cannot and will not work.

Instead of wallowing in the pain and emotions of all of this, ask yourself: WHY is this food crisis occuring? Is the world suddenly getting so rich that everyone is eating loads...?? Don't be ridiculous. Do you even know how much food there is on this fucking planet??!
Nah, I guess what I'm saying is that it's easier to sit on your ass and donate money than it is to get out and change stuff up like those people are doing.
After seeing the hyperbole in the typical reddit title, I'm not so sure the citizens are any better at it than the MSM.
Upmods, nielsen points, money, power, whatever. We're still human, and not suprisingly, act like it.
Wars for oil -&gt; wars for food

Then wars for beaver.
man has been fighting THAT war for a very long time already.
This is why the best charity you can donate to is Buckminster Fuller's World Game.
[Non-linkjacked version](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2008/04/24/news/UN-GEN-UN-Food-Crisis.php)
The wonders of capitalism.
Globalization makes all countries food dependent. That makes it easy for global conglomerate to get control of commodities and run the prices up.
BULLSHIT!

There's plenty of food... this is another BIG CORP (Monsanto) attempt to scare the sheeples into more stupid and dangerous legislation to allow GM foods.
Kinda functionally identical.  I mean, if you pay someone else enough to get out and change stuff up, you should be all good.
Indeed...but just *try* bringing up that subject in conversation and you'll get blasted by every loudmouthed, entitlement-minded breeder. Apparently everyone everywhere has the right - indeed almost an obligation - to pop out kids like a machine gun no matter what their living circumstances.
I don't agree with that, or at least that that is the best use for said money. I don't know if you can buy passion or drive or grassroots' support. 

You can buy stuff the grassroots uses. (When I worked for Paul in NH, I got subsidized housing thanks to donations). You get good advertisements, and maybe political strategists, but you can't really buy a good foot soldier. 

Because I volunteered to go door to door, I actively worked on my sales pitch. I worked on my phone game when selling him to people. The cost of monitoring a paid campaign worker to do stuff like, ensuring he is doing a good job, that is too prohibitive in so many ways.

I mean, I did get 75 bucks from the democrats for dropping off leaflets to tell people to vote, so yeah, you can buy stuff like that.

But I mean it, from the bottom of my capitalist heart when I say you can't buy a good campaign worker. 

But, I guess I can't chide people who gave money and did nothing else too much. They still did something, and it's not like I'm a perfect human, doing everything I can as best I can at all times to make the world better.
Give it a year and the prices will plummit. There will be lots of farmers switching crops to more valuable items and more new farms forming.
You mean you [actually eat that stuff](http://www.thedailyshow.com/video/index.jhtml?videoId=167005&amp;title=criceis-in-the-u.s.&amp;byDate=true)?
So what would constitute a crisis?
[deleted]
If the U.S. stopped exporting food, the rest of the world would be screwed.  It wouldn't be a bad thing for this nation to start focusing on itself again.
What?! So without globalization, countries wouldn't need food?

Do you mean to say that all countries are dependent on importing food? That also sounds a little ridiculous.
[deleted]
Those migration flows have always been happening.  Its a problem for immigration officials and border security.
Yes, I think most of them are. They might grow plenty of one crop but little of others.
Exhibit A: Helen of Troy
Thanks.
[pondy](http://reddit.com/user/pondy/) = iConflict spam :-(
The US exports lots of food to various places at prices that are so cheap, it makes it unprofitable to grow that food locally. This makes that already impoverished country depend on the US even more.
All caused by WTO Washington consensus policy:

http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=va&amp;aid=8778

and

http://www.larouchepub.com/other/2008/3517kill_wto.html
Everyone Panic?
Well, OK, I guess that was the *third* horseman. I must have missed the first two.
Rice is great if you are hungry and want to eat 2000 of something.
I can understand the issue with old journalism and wanting the rise in more citizen based journalism.  But I feel the latter would have more not less cause for lack of facts.
Mitch?
RIP
Banning exports is bad no matter what food prices are doing.  You can think of trade with another country as a type of machine.  You put in something (exports) and you get something else (imports) out the other end.  It might be a machine that turns oil into rice, or rice into beef, or cars into computers, it doesn't matter.  

People put things into the machine because they want the output more than they want the input.  If people are exporting food, that is because they want something else more than the food they export.  Breaking the machine is not going to do your citizens any good.

Of course, it's better as a ruler to be seen doing something, even if that something is absolutely the wrong thing to do.  Which is why so many countries today are so poor already that a 40% rise in food prices means people starve.  

[Free markets are rare in starving nations](http://www.realclearmarkets.com/articles/2008/04/free_markets_are_rare_in_starv.html).  This article isn't quite accurate, because western bio-fuel policies *ARE* partly to blame, but most of the cause of poverty in the 3rd world is 3rd world governments.
They were bought by a for-profit company. :(
You right, they are! I was foolish. 

&gt;Globalization makes all countries food dependent. 

This sentence caught me of guard. Out of context it just sounds silly.
[deleted]
Been there, done that, got the t-shirt.  Want my money back.
Quite, but then if the population was 1 it would also be a population crisis, albeit of a different kind.

Summary:
There is no food crisis.
Globalization makes all countries food dependent.
Yes, I think most of them are.
If people are exporting food, that is because they want something else more than the food they export.
&gt;Globalization makes all countries food dependent.
Do you mean to say that all countries are dependent on importing food?
There is a food crisis, via a distribution problem.
Then again I'm just human, what do I know.
But if you want to worry about the livelihood of the third world, then by all means do so.
But don't worry, it's not as bad as "we'all" make it out to be.
Banning exports is bad no matter what food prices are doing.
2) Consider how people in the third world couldn't afford things before.
Unless of course, I don't get my Fruity Pebbles.
I mean, if you pay someone else enough to get out and change stuff up, you should be all good.
They were out of rice.
I can think of a number of things that is wrong with it.
I think the parent post is referring to those people.
But there are people panicking who are not in the third world and are worrying about these things as if they will be seriously affected.
I'm more concerned about people in the third world being able to live properly.
You do realize that there can be a food crisis with a population of 1 right?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.12
