Original Response:
What are we supposed to do though? The British (and west) are hated there and the BBC is banned from entering the country. We legally cannot even sit there and watch, let alone step in to help. We'd end up in another Iraq.

They kicked us out on our asses hard years ago. What can we do when a people don't want our help? You can only help those who will accept help.

Still, I hope we are organising something for the refugees. There will be many.
How can you say the people don't want our help? Because Mugabe doesn't want our help? of course he doesn't. But the opposition leader explicitly asked the UN for help.
Let's not group a whole country together and say "they" don't want our help.
&gt; We Have an Obligation to Intervene in Zimbabwe

No.  No!  NO!  *NO!!*
Because south africa has also rebuked us, told us that we were lying and that the zimbabwe elections are valid and legal. SA is a BIG country.

I think Africa wants us to fuck off. They say it often enough.
Organizing for the refugees is a great place to start.
Well, you're certainly vehement. Why not?
"SA is a BIG country."

Yes. And it has more than one mouth.
&gt;All these elements exist in Zimbabwe.

Yeah, except the ethnic tension that was the key to the violence in the first place.

&gt;Zimbabwe will be facing its own genocide.

And the word is now completely meaningless.  Unless there is an ethnic issue that is completely ignored by the media, genocide does not apply. Massacre would be the proper word.

Comparing Zimbabwe to Rwanda is quite irresponsible in this case. Rwanda saw a nation-wide slaughter of people in their homes due to ethnic and political hatred.  Any violence in Zimbabwe is likely going to be limited to a small group of opposition leaders and to quell protests.  I'm not happy about that, but I don't expect to see a death toll of more than a few hundred, much less the 800K that resulted from Rwanda's ethnic violence.
And the world will ignore it much like Rwanda. Why is the sympathy? Where is the action?
What would be any different about getting involved in Zim than Korea, Vietnam, Afghanistan, and Iraq?  It would just be another opportunity for the politicians to screw up what should be a purely military operation.
No one is stopping you from doing something.
Just because the Chinese sell weapons to Africans it's suddenly a lead up to a genocide?

They can't be serious.
[deleted]
Let the Africans deal with their own problems.  They are adults not children.

White folks need to remember that and stop wringing their hands and fretting about their burden for the black folks.
Yes exactly, that is one thing the western world can do.

If Africans are oppressed and want to escape, the western world can take in refugees.
The UN can not intervene in the internal affairs of member states.
I agree 100% about the refugees.  That is one thing the western countries can do and take in refugees if they want to leave these countries.
Zimbabwe can burn to the ground for all I care, what a shitty, racist country
Don't worry, nobody will do anything.
This is something I just can't decide on. When does one intervene? Or does one not intervene at all. Is there some measure? When 1 million people die. Is that enough? When a democratically elected government is over thrown. Is that enough? When one country threatens another. Is that enough?

I condemn China's treatment of the people of Tibet. The history is complicated, and open to spin from both sides. But I also agree in part when Chinese say to France "We'll let Tibet go when you let Corsica go".

As much as my heart may want to intervene to prevent bloodshed, my head says that if a national border is not a sign of national sovereignty, then what is? If it is okay to invade because of genocide, then it is okay to invade because of a massacre? If it is okay to invade because of a massacre, then it is okay to invade because of repression? Where does it end?
Don't.
[deleted]
Let Europe handle this one. :P
Agreed, these do good missions are nothing more than a facade to draw the kind but never the less ignorant white masses into supporting their government's imperialist motives.
This is the crush, when is it ok to stop a mad dictator? and when is it NOYB(none of you're business)?

Obviously the war in Iraq was mishandled to say the least, but when is intervention safe, profitable and will define the future of millions of people in a positive manner?
Actually, they *are* children.

The median age for Zimbabwe men is 19.9.  Thus, half the population is a teenager.
(the median age for the US is  35.3)
 
The life expectancy for a Zimbabwean is 37.  Contrast this to the *youngest* American president who was 42.

citations:

http://www.indexmundi.com/zimbabwe/median_age.html

http://usgovinfo.about.com/library/weekly/aa051801a.htm

http://www.helium.com/items/149541-although-kennedy-widely-thought

http://usgovinfo.about.com/library/weekly/aa051801a.htm
Zimbabwe has gold, platinum, and diamonds. Hence the Chinese interest, which extends to trying to send Mugabe arms to terrorize his people. 

Call it what you will: Massacre, genocide, whatever. Many, many people will die, while the so-called civilized world, like Hamlet, wrings its hands and wonders what to do.
Mugabes already got quite a few people convinced that everything wrong in Zimbabwe is the result of foreign meddling and sabotage. Sending in any kind of military force would just solidify such a position.
So what happens if a massacre results in the death of 100,000 people, and something could have been done to prevent that? How will history judge us?

I guess you can't really compare The Holocaust since Germany was simultaneously invading countries as it exterminated the Jews. Can anyone point out historical examples of instances were the world was faced with intervening or not, did and or didn't and how we look back. Instances that come to mind, such as the Armenian Genocide, (NATO's involvement in Bosnia? Maybe Somalia. The lack of anything being done in Sudan/Darfur), seem to get embroiled in "It was a massacre/genocide". "No it wasn't". "Yes it was". "No it wasn't"...

Hell. What's the point in asking on reddit. The UN can't even make up it's mind.
They're selling them to Mugabe. They are very serious.
*cough*Security Council*cough*
Yes when there are threats to the peace, breaches of the peace, or acts of aggression.

Whether or not there is a fair election in Zimbabwe hardly qualifies.
You need to qualify your statement above then...;-)
Can you point me to where SA has told the world to "Fuck off"? I missed that one.
zzzzzzzzzzzz...

-World
Oooo I smell an Oscar!

/tasteless comment
History doesn't judge, and a strict policy of neutrality does well for Switzerland and Sweden.
[deleted]
I used to do business with PTC/POSB (the national bank of Zimbabwe) and we got into the habit of saying "Zim" instead of "Zimbabwe".

As a result of that job we all learned first hand how corrupt the IMF, World Bank, and the Mugabe regime are.  This was all completely clear by the mid-1990s.  Government officials used to just come into the bank and help themselves to cash.
[deleted]
Maybe, just maybe, all this pretend-fuss our leaders make about being the world's police and the world's saviours is all a bunch of bullshit, and really just designed to meld public opinion into a pro-Imperialist fashion?

Naaaaaaah.
I don't believe unions really represent the workers.  If they did they would start their own businesses and run them according to the principles they advocate.  Instead, all the actually do is leech off everyone else.

There are aspects of anarcho-capitalism I agree with but I am pragmatic enough to think that more mainstream libertarianism is a better solution given the quality of people we have in the world today.

I believe that the world's problems are not most effectively solved from the top down.  I think anyone who wants to improve the world should focus on improving themselves and then leading by example.
People are looking at this all wrong. Idealism is the perfect front for imperialism. Darfur and Zimbabwe are the first theaters for a new Cold War, Cold War II - this time with China instead of the Soviet Union.

Our mission then, is not to actively intervene, but to assist the opposition, supply them with arms and training. We might have to do this through a proxy. We got Ethiopia to kick out that Islamic government in Somalia, maybe we can get neighboring Botswana to shuttle arms and supplies to opposition factions in Zimbabwe.
In fairness, the Constitution says the president has to be at least 35 years old. . .
[deleted]
True, but with UN authorization the African Union could intervene. We can't however as long as China will veto any decision in the Security Council.
&gt;Yeah, except the ethnic tension that was the key to the violence in the first place.

False. The supporters of Mugabe are Shona and they already genocided some of the opposition Matebele in the 80s with the help of North Korea. 

This is not just going to happen, its going to happen for a second time without the rest of the world giving a damn.
Have any good citations for that.  I'm not quite surprised that the mainstream media would have failed to mention any ethnic nuances to Mugabe's reign.  But I would have expected this article to go into it at the very least.

Enlighten us poor Redditors.
The answer is basically when it's in all 5 veto-power countries' interest at the Security Council. One technical definition is when the conflict spills over across borders or affects a neighboring country, but there are millions of Darfurian refugees in Chad and I don't see the UN going anywhere near there. Thanks a lot, China.
Presumably, he's speaking about the [Gukurahundi](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gukurahundi) in the 1980's, which pitted the Fifth Brigade (which was largely Shona) against the mostly Ndebele ZAPU.

Reports about the death toll vary widely - one wiki page claims [20000](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joshua_Nkomo) civilians were killed, another that about [1000](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gukurahundi) terrorists were killed. Although I would probably not consider it authoritative, the articles should hopefully give you a starting point for further research.
I think you're wrongly comparing two very different situations.

While I am no fan of Mugabe and his ZANU-PF goons, their actions and tactics to remain in power bear little resemblance to those of Rwandan President Habyarimana and his Hutu-Power/MRND loyalists.

violence, invaded Rwanda from their base in Museveni's Uganda. They demanded the Hutu government recognize their right of return, stop using ethnic identity cards and end the authoritarian rule of the MRND. But most Rwandan Hutus believed the RPF were returning to exploit and dominate the Hutus, as they had in the past.

Ethnic hatred reached a new level following the RPF's declaration of war. The populace's fear and anger were inflamed by increasingly frequent whispers of civilian massacres, perpetrated by both sides, as well as an increasing number of internal refugees fleeing the violence. Even before the civil war in Rwanda the economy had been falling apart and the extremely high population density was proving a serious concern because 90% of Rwandas are subsitence farmers.

Zimbabwe is suffering from the opposite problems.

Zimbabwe's current crisis is not a result of a rebel refugee army invading, but because of the refusal to release election results. Don't you think that's pretty amazing? I know elections have been used by Mugabe for a long time to justify his decades-old grip on power, but I think you have to give opposition leaders, in Zimbabwe, who- even after suffering terrible state violence- remain advocates for peaceful, democratic change.

Zimbabwe is also a much larger country than Rwanda. They have 33 people per kilometer. In Rwanda that number is 343.

While there is a growing population of internally displaced nationals due to government policies, overwhelming numbers of Zimbabweans are escaping Mugabe's failure. Over a quarter of the total population had already fled before the most recent crisis. Most refugees have ended up in South Africa where they can barely make a living, but even that is a great improvement from their home.

I could continue and if I didn't have other shit to do I would because I'm still so pissed off by this post. Comparing the situation in 2008 Zimbabwe to 1994 Rwanda not only reveals your ignorance of African history and African geography, it also reveals a profoundly racist view of the continent. I can only assume your logic behind your post went something like this:

"I remember another African regime that bought weapons from the Chinese to use against opposition. Even though that regime was ruling a different country,fourteen years ago, I'm sure all African dictators are the same blood thirsty savages we've know them to be since the first white man set foot on the continent. We must intervene and correct this wrong."

Do you even know what site you're writing for? How would a western military or diplomatic intervention in Zimbabwe be different than all our currently failing humanitarian interventions? I think the West has intervened plenty in Africa and it hasn't seemed to encourage tolerant, democratic leadership to appear.

While I worry Mugabe will crack down hard on opposition in the coming days and weeks, I think the Zimbabweans have got a pretty good understanding of things and our intervention should go no further than standing in solidarity with them. We must pressure other countries to target the ZANU-PF elites with sanctions and travel restrictions, while encouraging trade that will benefit average Zimbabweans and begin to rebuild what once was a African success story.

(I was really pissed so I posted my comment both here as well as in the post's comments)
&gt;I think you're wrongly comparing two very different situations.

Right on. Rwanda is a bad comparison. The author of the article clearly have a poor grasp on the current situation in Zimbabwe.

It should be noted that the current crackdown takes the form of controlled violence. Many people are severely beaten, but as long the number of deaths can be kept low enough to avoid international attention, Zanu PF think they can get away with it. The people are weakened by hunger and completely demoralised and have not the will or strength to resist.

Mugabe is hoping to stay in power by a rigged victory, hoping for international attention to fade.

The international community must not relax it's vigilance, and formulate courses of action to their best ability. Zimbabwe is not a simple problem, but one that needs exceptional solutions, from minds greater than mine.
Anyone pick up March/April of Foreign Affairs? There's a great essay in it on ethnonationalism... Ties in great to what is happening in Zimbabwe and what ultimately happened in Rawanda. Though no direct references, if this interests you then you should pick up a copy of FA...

Edit: The essay is "Us and Them" by Jerry Z. Muller. k bye
http://blogs.thetimes.co.za/news/2008/04/13/crisis-what-crisis/

There you go.
I don't think one country should be lumbered with all the strain though. The UN needs to figure out a fair rota so nobody gets extra burden because others won't help.
It didn't used to be that bad and Mugabe is what, 90 now?

It's sad to say but when the Whites controlled the country it was much better off - healthcare was better, people didn't starve and life expentancy wasn't so low.
Yes, but the leader controls the army.

Do we want to be fighting two armies if we came and tried to help? They would shoot all our aid workers.

You can't help anyone if they and their friends violently reject you, even if their kids are starving.
So basically they've staged this whole election fiasco to carry out mass eugenics on the people of Zimbabwe, all without intervention from the United States, who was all-happy to invade Iraq when they had oil (but supposedly to remove Saddam's evil regime...)
I'm with ya here. Unilateral intervention doesn't work.
Uh...Yeaaaaaaaah...;-)
Hmmm...The response hardly seems united:

http://www.newstatesman.com/200804230005
I was. They hid many of the bodies in mineshafts. It was one of the main reasons my parents fled Zimbabwe. I'm from Bulawayo.
If the politicans speak for the people, then it is a united belief.

If however they are all dictators following the Mugabe line then we can't help short of an african ww3.

Summary:
What can we do when a people don't want our help?
How can you say the people don't want our help?
I think Africa wants us to fuck off.
(I was really pissed so I posted my comment both here as well as in the post's comments)
If it is okay to invade because of genocide, then it is okay to invade because of a massacre?
Because Mugabe doesn't want our help?
No one is stopping you from doing something.
Zimbabwe is suffering from the opposite problems.
Zimbabwe is also a much larger country than Rwanda.
The UN can't even make up it's mind.
I don't think one country should be lumbered with all the strain though.
But I would have expected this article to go into it at the very least.
And the world will ignore it much like Rwanda.
I think you're wrongly comparing two very different situations.
I agree 100% about the refugees.
Let's not group a whole country together and say "they" don't want our help.
When one country threatens another.
This is something I just can't decide on.
Or does one not intervene at all.
If Africans are oppressed and want to escape, the western world can take in refugees.
If it is okay to invade because of a massacre, then it is okay to invade because of repression?
People are looking at this all wrong.

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.16
