Original Response:
&gt;China says violent separatists are behind recent unrest in Muslim and Tibetan areas that has drawn increased attention to China's treatment of minority groups.

translation: Hey Western World, we don't like the Moslems either. Let's be friends now!
Why, that's obviously communist propaganda! The moslems would never disrupt the olympics! They've never done anything like that befo... 

oh, wait.

Never mind.
That's good, cos if there wasn't a Muslim plot they would have to invent one.
YEEHAA I'm on the Muslim terrorist bandwagon!
Yeah, wake up sheeple.  Or something.
Oh Shit!  You went there!
...or they could just borrow one from us.
I have a friend studying in Urumqi who knows Uyghur, and he's always pointed out that it's interesting that one ethnic and religious minority that faces persecution in China (Tibetans) gets so much sympathetic press, while another group (Uyghurs) gets so little.

I guess it's just that Buddhism is more romanticized than Islam.
[deleted]
In my mind that sounded more like Borat, but it was still funny.
Even though it's against reddiquitte and I deserve to be downmodded, I just want to tell you I actually laughed out loud at this one.
[deleted]
Then I'm giving you a prophylactic upmod.
Did the Chinese just hire Karl Rove?
Tibetans have twisted Buddhism into their own bizarre interpretation the same way other extremists have done to Islam.
Calm down.  You missed your daily Tibet fix?
dude. I watched it on-site. It sucked.
Tibetan to Buddhism is like Taliban to Islam.  But to the bandwagoners, it makes no difference.
&gt; "Chinese officials offered no evidence to back up the allegations"

LOL i see they're learning very quickly from the US government.
I bet it has more to do with the Dalai Lama. The Uyghurs don't have a spokesperson like that, so it's much more difficult for them to grab the world's attention.
yes, and very true.  

You know the old adage, "paper tiger enemy of my trading partner..."
Tibetan buddhism is the source of all buddhism in Asia.
Well, it's just that white Americans happen to hate muslims and Chinese.

Think of a venn diagram....
"He said the gang hatched the plot in November and traveled through Xinjiang last month seeking recruits, including those skilled in weapons and explosives production."

I am just speculating here, but would someone planning on blowing up buildings and kidnapping foreigners start planning months before the games?? doesn't this just seem too little of a time for such a big task??

Whoever made up this crap from the Chinese government should be sodomized using a Panda. Because they suck at lying.
Citation? Or you are lying.
Tibet is one of the last regions in Asia to 'absorb' Buddhism.
Wow, thinking independently. Rarity on reddit :)
Nice nick. Where did you learn politics? Digg?
I'm pretty sure the source of buddhism is that budda guy.. not sure though I could be wrong.
China has a Muslim terrorist threat from its western frontier? Go figure... here I thought they were simply an oppressed, ethnically dissimilar people who simply want to preserve their culture against Han hegemony...

geez that's a lot of words
If you're a muslim living in the US people don't like you.  If you're an asian living in the US(they all look the same, right?) people probably assume you're chinese and they don't like  you.

If you're a chinese muslim that must fucking suck.
I wonder if this means that Muslim countries will make terroristic threats to China? Somehow I doubt it.
Good point. Though it's difficult to consider Christianity's source as being..
And here we were worried about China's *exports* to America.
Really?  Sources?
please elaborate.
yee haa i now on musullim terroris band wagon also. you want fortune cookie with thaa take-ouu?
are you speaking figuratively or have you really been posting false reports and bullshit propaganda in defence of a religion that you know nothing about?
Oh china what wont you do.
Ya... Look at those evil bastards... Sitting around in their evil robes... and... being evil and stuff.

Abominations.
And I don't remember any mention of the Dalai Lama in the limited amount of Buddhist literature I've read. In fact, from what I understand is existence is against the teachings of the Buddha. 

A good analogy may be the Catholic Pope, the papacy is not mentioned anywhere in the Bible nor are most of Catholicism's practices. Like the Dalai Lama they have invented their own significance and doctrine.
[If only that were true](http://inpursuitofhappiness.wordpress.com/2008/03/22/tibet-myth-reality/)
I have a feeling, remember it is just a feeling, that this is a distraction move by the Chinese to distract the world attention from the worlds protests against the violence against Tibet.
...for the second time in a month.
israel is the only democracy in the middle eas...

oh wait.

never mind.
"Wow, thinking independently."

independently? well, collectively would be the better term, no?
nothing more than oh USA.
I shouldn't have, but I lolled.
If China didn't take back Tibet, that would be exactly what you would say, and you wouldn't be sarcastic at all.

I don't agree with the way -some- Tibetans are treated, but to ignore the shit that happened before 1949 is just silly.
Now they're speaking our language!

*Buys China a Coke*
yeah i think they're making this up, they know our countries prejudiced to muslims so they're going to try to make us feel like they're on our side.
Tibet was the first not last.
Are you serious? I studied religion in 1st year university. Buddhism, the branch common in Asia spread out from Tibet.
That sounds kinky.

And possibly painful.

But at least you're practicing safe mod'ing.
Interestingly, I don't think the current Dalai Lama would particularly dispute this.
Now what the hell did the poor Panda do to get forced into that job?
Israel? Israel? Wait, did you mean to comment on a different reddit?
There was an article about this about a month ago.  A prominent female muslim human-rights activist from the region is claiming that they are being used as a scape goat by the government.

Summary:
If you're a muslim living in the US people don't like you.
Tibetan buddhism is the source of all buddhism in Asia.
Tibetan to Buddhism is like Taliban to Islam.
I bet it has more to do with the Dalai Lama.
I wonder if this means that Muslim countries will make terroristic threats to China?
people probably assume you're chinese and they don't like  you.
Oh china what wont you do.
If you're a chinese muslim that must fucking suck.
Tibet is one of the last regions in Asia to 'absorb' Buddhism.
China has a Muslim terrorist threat from its western frontier?

# Summary elapsed time (seconds): 0.07
